Ah, you know what this is? It's wider, you were still And my name is mother Cosmo She says my day is coming up and I don't want to stay home And then she says, I need something much more than a card I've got Listen up, because the same very hard card Home, I'll rest for fun and fun and swim the blood flow It's my mistake and I don't want to come out My mother told me I'm very picky, I'm picky I'm pretty picky, I'm picky, I'm picky If she says, it's not a joke, no, I ain't being fun Take me to the place that knows that's money If you don't love me, so much better If you don't love me, so much better If you don't love me, so much better You better take me out For a share, you better take me out You better take me out For a share, you better take me out Okay, I'm reaching back here in a thanks machine So this don't get into a cold sweat I play that song while you love it that You want to play it now? People see us everywhere They think you really care No But myself I can't see I know it's only me being alone Are you sure? Get off your job I'm not a good man I want to know only prayer Is that someday you care? My hopes, my dreams come true I want it only you No I will never know How much I love you so Am I only prayer or be Something you care for me, but it's all You better like this, begin I want to lose the audience It's not our kind of music That's a great job And did I tell you? You're playing at this morning About 10 minutes ago And I'm sitting here listening And I said that sounds like deaf Right Wow That's our program director Do you obviously missed his calling in life? It's not too late He's not really that old He's not really deaf He's not deaf He's not deaf He's not deaf He's not deaf He's not deaf He's not deaf He's not deaf He's not deaf He's not deaf He's not deaf He's not deaf He's not really that old He's old but not old like me If I was him man I'd be I'd be well Trust that kind of music Doesn't sell anymore You know I'm saying He's out I mean calmly 20 was good in his day But that was 50 years ago 45 anyway But he's got a great voice He's been doing a karaoke stuff We kept all of wondering What does that mean? Carry a ok well He's an erotic guy Because he's worked for a great read I don't know for a long time It's just like when we first came to the station Remember I was talking to the day about a Hank Is different now because I meld him out Yeah But when we first came there Hank was like a Raving lunatic and he was just brow beating Everybody just a tankerist I mean more so than ever Can't hankerist Hank tankerist He was hankerist He still got a little on the tanky side But at any rate And then I kind of like brought him back to earth A little bit bitched him out of the middle And the same with muff When I was just saying about muffy Far out of the Hank What a good singer he is Now I was saying about how neurotic he is Oh, I was sick and in the acting Was he neurotic first before he worked for Greg Or did Greg make him into the basketball case that he is today That's obviously obvious question Because he's a great voice Yeah And keep in mind that was Tommy engineered that thing And it sounded pretty good You know the karaoke deal But can you imagine like in a real recording studio Right I mean they can make a singer out of just about anybody When you come right down But I've heard stuff sing live and let me tell you Yeah, but that's what I'm saying I wasn't knocking him I was just saying But so with a little added accutrement There in a real studio he could do sound great He could be he's he's wasted his time You know, if you're going around under the radar at the QAM By the way Jim Sarny you were an asshole I can't waste any time because of guilty Took a career this morning Let's see women are all bitches And what's the other thing we're supposed to say And then screw you If you We all want to be outrageous and the rip women are QAM You know you're such an asshole I guess if I was just ugly as you sarny I'm not I'm ugly but not even in your league Man, probably the mirror and saw that every day I'd probably be unleashing out too You know what she's doing It's stupid as calm and speaking of the Suncentland stupid people Tom Jick is going to be up for ready K tonight 1039 Maybe you want to call Tom ask him a why there's no article on the radio ratings again As usual Since he isn't town now Maybe how come neither one of the newspapers Including the one that he works on It's come central decided that it was a major story That Broward County Commission passed that resolution About the Patriot Act all of these things You know And about how 99% of what he writes about is about network TV shows And nothing about the local scene Since I'm supposed to be out of touch Sitting up here in SARS country You know God what up But they won't do it I looked at the letters to the editor And both newspapers this morning And I went back a couple days just to make sure Because this episode happened on Tuesday With that commission meeting Was it to the Wednesday To the... Well whatever it was I went back a couple days to make sure I didn't miss anything There wasn't one letter to the editor From anybody or at least if there was they didn't print it Either paper about the Broward Commission And that resolution against the Patriot Act Nothing So it's like it never happened The Suncentland will put that on there 1159 at night on their website for one minute And then they bury it a little tiny paragraph And a stir about Muriam Elephant And that's it It's a major news story Here we go The place in the country where they've had a similar resolution past Big front page story It's all over the website Not in sound Florida Man you talk about goose stepping and pandering What about a Tommy? Hi you bald headed geek I hope they call his ass tonight and rip him a major asker And they won't But if anybody deserves it, it's a little Tommy jika You're so off out of it And he'd say, well gee I'd wrote that story defending me I don't need no defending All he knew was shine a spotlight that we let a word loose There are a big deal like that So like there's an issue about is there any issue? No, didn't anybody say anything about it? No, no And just in what he writes a whole column And he's afraid he's terrified because he's been so intimidated He's scared that that's a bit wacky Jacky's name And they're afraid of fear that he'll start up with them all over again We're talking under stand up But nevertheless, why write the column in the first place If you don't want to put any names in their Tom You little pussy he's been pushed to five jika That's his problem We have one more movie pulled it Since we've been movie intensive all week But we'll get to it momentarily Can take me about an hour and a half to get through yesterday's pull result Before we do that on a front page of the Harold's Speaking of your local fish wrappers You guys grab the resolution to take control of a rocky oil I just mentioned this in passing Okay The Bush administration's, oh it's payday today By the way, clearance I just mentioned that in passing too Okay, so I sure hope there's something big and fat in my mailbox The Bush administration circulated a draft resolution Among key security council members yesterday calling for the elimination of more than a decade Of international sanctions on Iraq and granting the United States Broad control over the country's oil industry and revenues until a permanent Iraqi government is in place How many years could that be? I've heard of me Yeah I got to read that last part again Granting the United States, broad control over the country's oil industry And revenues until a permanent Iraqi government's in place The resolution which was to be presented the 15 Nation body today The security council which should control the Iraq oil from the United Nations To the added states and its military allies with an international advisory board Having oversight responsibilities but little effective power A transitional Iraqi government which US authorities have said they Hope to establish within weeks would be granted a consultative role The proposed resolution would give the Bush administration Far greater authority over Iraq's lucrative oil industry Then US officials have previously acknowledged Please read that sentence again The proposed resolution would give the Bush administration far greater authority over Iraq's lucrative oil industry Then US officials would have previously acknowledged and as you just put out What I do with that article. Oh, we got that great story. You fact me about the toilets and for anti-air Such as they are but newsmax.com which is about as far to the right as you'll find any website in the universe There we are got an article in here written bush see the right wingers are getting pissed off within two Didn't we have the thing on yesterday about the born against their pissed off because they're not coming to Hard down hard enough on the homos wasn't that on yesterday Right Well today and of course then the story came out last night on the news that the NRA is really Foming at the mouth because of the assault rifle bill And they have web ban on the assault weapons and so now they're just turning on them like a rat because that's what they see If you're not away over to the right if you're not 50 yards to the right of a till of the hunt then you're not far enough to the right for these people So I will get into that briefly about Bobby Graeme's that evidence that Bush blew 911 But he ain't let it up because of security reasons because, well look at him that I just mentioned that in passing two, okay So it's not just county pink ol left this liberals who are dismayed and disgusted with this administration with these goose stepping Nazis But now from all sides he's getting it to which I say Yeah, anyway nice job, tough. He's a damn good Or can you imagine if he was as good as radio administration as he is at singing he'd we'd be we'd be number one half, you know What's the thing? I thought I'm picking on him because he's going on vacation next week, but I'm just picking on because he's going on vacation He should be strong. We enthusiastically recommended that he watch Requiem for a dream see Especially that part where they start popping all the impills where she starts on the dinosaurs watch that very closely Duff I just mentioned that in passing I say that is a friend just watch that and keep it open mind, okay See where I'm coming from no I get it I hope he does So George wanted to get happiness and they can't find it in movie three places three strikes Oh man That's depressing. Yeah, that's unhappy. This can't find happiness. Of course that's how Florida's a syndrome can't find no happiness And so Florida and don't get any of these movies we've been talking about all we could block but because you probably get a water down version and probably like Bambee will be in the middle of the movie no matter what it is I heard that the version of the godfather they sell blockbuster instead of a horseshead. It's bamboo Yeah, well, I mean even though it's you know, grow test to think you chop bamboo set off and put it in somebody's bed But nevertheless it's more cutie than at horsehead, you know When it lightened up just a match or two Don't be going to blockbuster okay because they censored your movies everything in America's censored now, you know what I'm saying? I don't get how many day go get any walk free small good bus come out on the one one. Yeah We'll get to the results yesterday's pool and know 600 movies on there that had the best or more shocking ending It wasn't even close six cents I got to see that is there anywhere can watch that today have a thing on DVD where you can like block out one actor Actress that you don't know that's not it that would be great. Wouldn't that be dynamite? Oh, or would change it to somebody else? I don't want to see Bruce Willos he makes me physically ill. I have to go to the turlet and he even peaked into all kinds of things I just I was something about him in fact of all the people in the movies he's the last one I would watch him movie and his Bruce Willos he just oh even worse than Richard gear Yo, yeah much worse than Richard gear worse what a cop thousand times worse at least Richard's got an active vacuum Problem at s after nine at five sixty wqf you've been thinking about buying a new barbecue or any barbecue accessories You have got to go to barbecue's galore get yourself a head start of the barbecue in season with a perfect real Accessories all at the guaranteed lowest prices now through this Sunday Mothers day may 11 by any gas grill over 149 bucks and get free assembly in free propane That's right free assembly and free propane and don't forget mothers day this Sunday and barbecue's galores incredible gifts for mom Everything from a new grill to backyard accents that'll make it a nicer place for the family to spend time together For our barbecue we need to figure in table as prices your love shopping barbecue's galore because they have everything you need for barbecue and an unbeatable price They're in plantation on university drive and a fountain shopping center call nine five four four two three fourteen hundred and The recall springs at seventy four eighty five West sample road corner sample in rock island call nine five four seven five seven 66-d8 and don't forget free assembly and free propane gas on all gaskels over hundred forty nine bucks this week Only right to mothers day this Sunday at barbecue's galore Hey Yeah Meargent 60 WM happy mother's day to all you mothers out there and where we should have a lot of mothers in this audience I don't want to think about that anyway speaking of that You know that thing about stuff. I mentioned we had people inside of building just shocked Who never heard him do the karaoke thing before right we all saw to that party hurting But even so I mean here in that on the ear like that like a real professional record And if I'm that you've got a lot of hidden talents that the general public doesn't know about yet Anyway, don't forget to join Joe Costello known to two today at the Verizon Wireless story 33333 North federal highway and Pompeo stop by to get your free Marlin tickets for the night's game could be a seventh consecutive loss I should point out against the Colorado easily and Registro to one tickets stop coming home game. Oh, what happened to the other good stuff? I guess it all went about the tickets to the world of the all-star game and the box Well, I don't know I'm just reading what it says on here in a course Miguel made it up so yeah Probably it could be too good Our hot couples contest is heating up the deadlines next Thursday, May 15 and we're starting to get some interesting work in people now You notice yeah, I noticed We really are Uh-huh in fact I'd say like the last three couples in a row have been pretty them But again, I don't want to like influence the outcome which I won't but I will say this What was her name Erin Zellady friend Amy Amy Amy and Erin from yesterday So be your boy emails me the pictures and When he emailed me the pictures of Erin it says I think he's better looking than she is and I say that would a Flallus flawless flawless in capital huge letters a for all this record at head of a sexuality Is what he said you think he was protesting too much? No, just right and then of course So they're both models and here's a bunch of pictures from muscle dreams Magazine and of course you can click on the pictures naturally And enlarge them and there's that one why can't I can't look at that during the show okay Are you know the way to which picture I'm talking about no? I mean what what is that? I mean don't say the word What you think of my be but what is that in there? How that can't be what I'm thinking of it? I don't know what you're talking about I'm talking about the one I was gonna The banana in his pants We're standing there with him uh, but with those shorts on Are you looking these pictures now? No, no, no, not yeah, you are it's the middle group there the third one I don't even know where you're looking oh, okay well forget about it You don't need to be looking at him anyway. It's bad enough that dream boy starting him it is images getting ruined too Don't forget log out of our website near roggies.com you can email us a picture of yourselves any couples out there Can be male and female and male and male and female and female or whatever A boy in his dog. Not just a joke. Don't get all the banana shape And you have till next Thursday may 15 and then starting next Thursday will put the pictures up on a web for a week And people can vote which is the hottest couple and Thursday may 22th a couple what a most votes wins and The top prizes the 3-day two nights stay for two of them. We're always as resorting casino in a Bahamas with round trip Airfare on Lake Arir and the runner-up couple gets dinner for two at the prestigious pizza law. Here's the results yesterday's poll What movie had the best or most shocking ending the sixth sense 225. And I do think it was really good enough that might have stayed for Bruce Willis I would overcome it now. I'll watch it. No, oh In fact, just because movie had a great ending this mean it was a great movie. I pointed that out correct Okay, it's fine. It's a good movie, but okay It's okay, yeah, but not great usual suspects 115 which is a strong second But I mean 225 is almost double and a much better movie with a much better ending, but what do I know? Oh, planted at the age 98 Shoshank Redemption 80 which George will tell me this morning for get about it American beauty 56 fight club 43 741 744 votes that we put a lot of late in space movies on this list. I just noticed it up up at the top What's in the box Seriously if they were just if they why don't they just redo? I mean they can do that they make different endings I reshoot that one scene or eliminated or you know do something. I'll get right on it In fact, they well what's his name Because Lawrence Olivia has been dead for a long time. Was Lawrence Olivia in Spartacus with Tony Curtis or who was it? I think he was one of them. Yeah, so they had to have Tony Hopkins I saw this last night they on some of them. What was E kind of channels? And because they had originally eliminated the home or erotic scene their original movie It's back though. You'll be pleased to know I will not be pleased. They're almost Tony Curtis naked, but they put it but the point being that they had a they they lost the dialogue So they had have Tony Curtis and Anthony Hopkins Do the dialogue for that scene He was 741 easy writer 31 no way out had 31 arelington wrote that 31 Chinatown 30 Primal fear 28 last American virgin 27 Dr. Strange love 25 Sordant green 24 carry 23 the others 22 jikips ladder 20 A boy in his dog 17 delivering 16 the game 15 angel art and happiness and body heat and witness for the press QT4 14 the fact that happiness only at 14 votes tells me that either a the audiences got tasted in their touch or be nobody saw it Nobody saw it. No, well they better In fact, what they're doing is they're going that's why George can't find a copy of it because all over town He's going to all these them stores. They can't find it because there's a run on it There's a run on happiness in South Florida The hit your end the world according to Garb 13 deer hundred twelve Americanist reacts had nine Citizen Kane had nine Seven votes a piece for live in Dine L.A. somewhere in time and the day of the locus six votes for the reincarnation of Peter Probe with What was uh what was her name? Jennifer O'Neill there you go and Michael Cersan He racerhead and the Italian job five the original Dutch version of the vanishing along with Donnie Darko Nodia pocket and McLean and pie he ched four pie by the way he puts the drill on his head being the movie I don't know why I don't why I would you know It won't make any difference But it's it's worth seeing Identity and frailty three frailty tomorrow to the scum's boys one out of almost 1200 votes lifeguard had a big Oh Sorry about that, but it just didn't have no votes So that's yesterday's pool here's today's pool as we've been movie intensive all week wide change today, right? Right we've got them all whipped up and we're friends about films What movie have you watched the most times now that I did put a first category on here I've never watched any movie more than one. Do you think there's anybody in a audience who will vote for that? No, oh, yeah, they'll vote for it. No, no, but I mean honestly vote for that. No, no How come I still got these pictures of erin on here? Why not what movie have you watched the most times other than Debbie does Dallas Never watched any movie more than once and I just have a sure list of four because obviously the audience will be just dying to you know I'm look I mean we don't like then this is one they can only put one okay there's no way you can give a solicitor five on this Even though they'll probably try well Movies I watch the whole bunch of these men no not not not how many movies if you watch several times and not how many times did you watch That's great, but we don't have any way to like quantify that okay. That's not the point Godfather one which would be mine certainly I mean God I can't even count the number of times that I watched a godfather One thing you brought it brings all over your nice time. Leaks cool cool cool cool. Yes Gone with a wind and a clockwork orange which with judges What she said he's watched that Okay, before we get to anything else This is this is great Thanks whoever fast this to us and the UK independent today toilet chic emerges from a hole in the ground all that it might be toilet chick emerges from a hole in the ground But I don't think so I do hurt yeah, she did so they'll toilet chick Ask any tours to describe a Paris cafe laboratory and prepare for a to-cirling account of the horrors of squatting over an impossibly small hole in the floor of a squalled Covered-sized cubicle and Here to think that I only thought that they did this in like 18th world countries. I got into squatting The smell and fear of splashes the lack of soap or towel the timer life that leaves you in the darkness after a minute I've left the market generation of visitors of France The time of a fuck there they're frugal. I should understand Had no idea very frugal Yeah, and 10 seconds of the like goes off and you're in the dark and you hope that you don't go into the hole Yeah But a handful of imagine it would have young decided to decide to the confront the issue Using custom built steel fittings and everything from cheeky people's to live goldfish Some of Paris's oldest louses have been transformed in the havens of wacky chic See it's a you can dependent then of course louis there are words of retro look I want people to say wow when they walk into the toilet and talk about it for weeks afterwards It's a hobby or dinner more who's bought five Paris cafes and spent a 14 jazz fortune jazzy updated washrooms Paris trots have a reputation for being disgusting when really they should be least as clean as the kitchen There are also the one place that's truly private so there's scope dance and fun with them too I bet you there's plenty of people I found on the turlets So I heard first time or two the turrets in the trendy at 12 muntante Missing star cafe in the bober court or generally come up looking shocked Shaps of light flood down from the holes in the ceiling of dimlin laboratories were everything from the walls to toilet bowls to sinks is crafted from steel In a window between male and female cubit was the view cut off by a lit up screen showing an apartment block by night a Model train chugs by the commas broken by panic as you glimpse yourself on a television screen cut by hidden camera beneath the mirror Oh no nice. I don't want to see myself sitting on the old louis. You know what I'm saying right? I'll say that remember old Lou Yep, who dobs? How's he doing all-loved abs? He took a he went to that turlet and took a wild turn to the right never came out again 27 past nine at five sixty wqm What is day is day after tomorrow time is running up, but there's still time to give mama gift that she'll be thrilled about This year pamper mama they pajama grand your mom wife or grandma will receive the softest pajamas along with free lavender Bath tea and gift card all delivered and they keep say cat box the set of pajama grand gift chop on line at pajama Graham dot com or call 1 800 give PJs and they'll hope you choose the perfect peer Saturday deliver his guaranteed some mama get her gift on time They've got branchy nose and loves like Nick and Kora Nora whatever her name is crampy and Evelyn and the Tory made from premium fabrics like Egyptian cotton Find silk and sizes to fit any mom from teeny and tiny to gigantic humongous plus they've got gowns robs slippers and great spot products to all the stuff women love She'll actually love it and so give the know she's gonna use to pajama cramp company's a sister The Vermont teddy bear company so you know that you can trust their quality and on time delivery to not too late do it now This mother's day pamper mama the pajama grand does visit pajama grand dot com or call 1 800 give PJs But do it now that's pajama grand dot com and be sure and tell that old meal sent you by my Hello This is for 25 Why the you best dude Oh We know It would launch good there the tone from my drinking. Thank you mom, you better be out. Call her now. The portal prayer spread reach and I wish to be free. Maybe that's why I'm screwed up now. Yeah. Good luck. This instant thing. I'm getting frustrated about the fact that we realize that that much talent in this man. He's like wasting his time being a flunky for Greg Reid. You know, just being like a paper pusher. Don't you think American Idol would be a purpose-puffer duck, right? Huh? Absolutely. I'm serious. I think we are like sponsor his trip and set him to American Idol. Like, you know, make him into this gigantic career and get him out of the way from under Greg's thumb or star search at the very least. Star search would be great. Good luck. This instant. You know, I get with it. Get with it. You're wasting all of that talent. Got that great commercial voice, you know? And here he is sitting there like being a quizling for a guy that just, you know, refuses to let anybody decide which hand a wife they're asked with. No wonder people get neurotic in that joint, huh? It is paid a by the way, Clarence. I sure hope that thing is in my private box. You know what I mean? Your mail box. He knows how to my box. President want to be Graham. I'm evidence that Bush Blue 9.11. Now this is written a little bit sarcastic because of course it is in newsmax.com which is a ultra ultra right wing website. But that isn't where I got it because I never checked that thing. It was on, uh, where it was on BuzzFly I should have believed. So that makes it even that much more amazing. The fact that this isn't from some comic-pink-o-leftist website. President want to be Graham. I'm evidence that Bush Blue 9.11. Democratic presidential hopeful senator Bob Graham is reportedly sitting on damaging evidence that the Bush administration could have prevented the 9.11 attacks. But he hasn't released the information yet because it's classified. I think Bob Graham has a smoking pistol on the Bush administration congressional court release Craig Crawford told WBC radio's John Bachelors and Paul Alexander late Tuesday. Crawford explained that Graham's mystery evidence has to do with their failure is especially intelligence failures before 9.11. And recent wheat senator Graham the senior Democrat on the Senate intelligence committee had charged repeatedly that Bush bugled the war on terrorism. But the explorer governor has never publicly suggested that he thought the president had left America vulnerable to 9.11 attacks. Nevertheless. Crawford who's been covering the floor of Democrats presidential runs to the Graham obtained the Bush 9.11 evidence while serving as the ranking Democrat on the Senate intelligence committee to problem is that what Graham knows. And he knows some very damaging stuff about the Bush administration's failures before the 9.11 to prevent it. He can't talk about it because it's classified explained. Another reason for Graham's silence Republicans would likely complain that he's abused his position on the intelligence committee by turning it into a tool for opposition research still. Graham has been publicly hitting it what he knows when not going into detail. He quoted a recent speech in which the senator claimed, I know firsthand is former chairman of the Senate intelligence committee how little the administration has done to provide real security at home. While it's directed it's attention away from the war on terror abroad. Crawford said that the presidential hopeful is trying to figure out a way to make the 9.11 evidence against Bush public without violating the secrecy rules on the intelligence committee. I didn't like that, huh? From newsmax.com, no less boys and girls. Hmm. Let's see, Rich and Del Ray Beach says they aren't the sexiest movies, but they're surely. And he's got two. Yeah. Told you. And not only that, but this isn't even responsive to what I'm saying. Oh, this rich and Del Ray gets some help, Ray. Too many old yentres, I think are affecting your brain. They aren't the sexiest movies, but they are surely the most watched. The Wizard of Oz and the Tankman is, well, so what does that mean? We're not asking what he thinks of the most watched movies of all time. Where's can you? I don't give a crap who what other people are watching. Come on, Rich. Get a live sweetheart. God. This happens every stinking day, okay? Let me ask you this. Paper or plastic. Wood. And are they really that spastic? Are they? Yes, they are. Wow. The very first factor comes across the earth and cross my posts. And he don't get it all. What movie have you watched the most times? There we go. That's the question. It's as simple as saying what they're the week as it Friday, okay? Purple. People, leader. Purple haze. Get a poll. Purple veins. Purple pills. Oh, what's one of the movies is it where they were sitting around watching M&M? Was that one of the movies I watched? Did I see that in some non TV? Was that in, uh, I don't know. Isn't that in bully? Possibly? No. No. Where the hell was it? It's not what we told. No. But you're puncturing around watching M&M. I guess it was someone we thought we were seeing on television. What movie have you watched the most times? And then here's the choices so far. Never watched any movie more than once. Godfather one, which I'm positive is going to get a lot of oats. I could be wrong about that. I'm only me. But I think it's going to be a lot of oats. Leave the good. Take the good only. Once we're over to Kupu's nest, gone with a wind or a clockwork orange. That's our shirtless so far because we don't want to put a whole bunch of money. What movie have you watched? Not you think the public is watching more than anything else? I mean, that's so far off basits and just like you said, purple. What movie you watched purple? The color purple. A purple. Here's a call from West Palm Beach. Hello. Yeah, I know. Yes, sir. I tried to call you today the morning cherry wings died and couldn't get through. My brother called me from Boston early in the morning to let me know. But I got a quick story. We used to go up to the studios at the WMX in the next the Fenway Park in I guess it was 5758. And you could just come right in on Jerry's on the air and sit down. He had 10 and 12 chairs there. And one night he was opening up his mail. Part of his night we do these and there's piece of use tissue paper in there. So he opened it up and he turned to the audience. He said, you know, there's a direct home boy. He said this is what's out there. Yeah, yeah. We may time. I'm in front of you to be a regular when you wait 300 pounds. Right. I think I got a lot of time. And I would bring up sandwiches and he was a trip a guy. I can't believe it's the same person that's in the house. You know, in a car room is now for 12 years. And one final thing. I heard you talking about the movies and you mentioned Momento. And you know, I've listened to quite a bit now. And if you last 15 minutes into that movie, I'd be very surprised. Really? Total, complete nonsense. So I'll be interested to hear what you have to say. I'll be sure to tell me that before. It was expensive damn thing to it's a two. It's a two disc set there. It's like a special to luck. I think 45 bucks or something. Yeah, if you went to the movies, you'd be asleep in nine minutes. Okay. Thanks, pal. Bye. See you. Yeah, speaking of Jerry Williams, even though he did die several days ago, I would be really interested since Mr. Jick is going to be on for a day. Kated night after the baseball game till 2 in the morning. Maybe somebody won't want to ask Tom how come he didn't write anything about Jerry Williams. There wasn't a bit in the Sun Sentinel in the paper for which Tom works. But you'll recall and I pointed it out at the time the open at no place to waste your Perform did it say anything about Jerry working in the Sun Floor to mark and being on WNWS for a year, being a program director of the radio station and having gigantic ratings on that station. Okay. Nothing. Zippity, do da. Back in 1980. Okay, 23 years ago, but you know something that's not a lifetime ago. 23 years ago. Tom, let's face it. You're out of touch with the local media. You're just right a bunch of pup pieces that anybody could write. Like press releases from the networks, you know, from CBS from ABC from Warner Brothers. That's that's cock guys what that is. Okay. Anybody can do that. Just writes a bunch of pup pieces about the shows that they won and Dynes guys to go out there and watch the previews and what are they call trailers. Not the trailers when they when they have the the fall previews. That's what they call them. Very, very ashamed of you Tom. It's just it's, I don't even, you know Tom, jick, I don't even know who that is. Says thank you for your enthusiastic review of Requiem for a dream for those of us who have suffered from the effect of addiction, a prescription grows encouraged by doctors who saw us as wallets and argument beings. Ellen Burstens performance is an emotionally shattering experience. Here's some videos for your listeners. Some Coast video is selling Requiem and happiness for only 14.95 directors cut in a special promotion by 3DBDs and get one free. Most some coasters are in malls, my stores in a crow square malls is this faxer. Last night they still had a few Requiem's left but it sold out of happiness DVDs. See I've made a run on happiness fast. They told me another ship and they expected on Tuesday and the promotional last all during the month of May. So there you go George. All right. What are these some Coast videos? There are one and we'll find you and I'll find one. I got the wheel and I'll find one. I got the wheel and I'll find one. I'll find one. I'll find one. I'll find one. I'll find one. I'll find one. I'll find one. I'll find one. I'll find one. I'll find one. I'll find one. I'll find one. Somebody take in something up the nose. 941-1910-560. Here's something you're taking your piss. Only a minute. It's a great product, only a minute soft gills are pharmaceutical great olive oil. A lot of other good stuff in them. not just ordinary olive oil but super concentrate the little with health benefits for you. Only a minute of 8a. In a minute it could produce the risk of heart disease and high cholesterol, plus there are 14 different olive you made a formula for you to choose from each one. Combining pharmaceutical great olive oil with vitamins. Minrivals and herbal support specific needs from your bones, needs from your bones to your blood pressure to your immune system. Just pick out the formulas that are right for you. And now we've got three great new Oliumite Formals. One to help you sleep. One to help you control that weight. And self-tutant which contains coq10 for your heart. Pick up some Oliumite today and start getting in the habit of popping into their V-day. It's good for you. Pick it up at public's records, Walgreens, Whole Food Markets, Navarro's and Sedanos or order Oliumite online. If you like an Oliumite America.com for more information call 1-866-Oliumite. That's 1-866-655-36633 pick up some Oliumite today and for better health you want to start feeling better. Pop it into your push real soon. It's a 946 and fire. These facts that we've gotten so far this morning were too far. It's incredible. It's as Haneel, I remember. This is the wrong one. Here it is. I know you hate money Python but the meaning of life was watched countless times by me. It's way for thin. Ready for that? Yeah, you hate money Python. I hate money Python. Where did that come from? We're always ripping them. Never, never playing it this one. Right, Thomas. I got your money Python. So I'm going to meet in history. Why won't you ever play this? Why won't you ever play that song? You never play that song. I put all these money Python bits in there. I believe that. You never play ever. Oh god. What is wrong on these people? Maybe they got the yellow pills today. This is the yellow pill. It's purple pill, okay? Your pop it around pills. God. I mean, your life. I watched that whole bunch of times. In fact, everybody put Python. We'll be as ever, but I was in life of Brian. Right. And then you write. So am I putting it down there? Yeah, sure. Meaning of life. I was asking. I'm going to put the life of Brian. If you think that's going to get more votes. Mm-hmm. I mean, I'm making adjustment there. But when I start out by how come you hate money? I know you hate them. Here's one from Murph who says invariably every Christmas, whether I want to watch your naughty watches. It's a wonderful life. Well, we got, oh, I'm telling another one. It's a wonderful life. And speaking of Christmas, a Christmas Carol. I'm writing down it's a wonderful meaningless life of Brian. A Christmas Carol. I don't even know how many times I've seen that one. What? A Christmas Carol. Now, we talking to which one we talking about. The one with Alice, you're sim? Right. That's the, that's become the definitive right, the one. There are some older ones that are we very early done. He would to me, he's the definitive screwed. Just like it's like a charlac Holmes, you know? There's only one charlac Holmes in that spazzle, Rathbone, and all these other ones are so lame, so weak. I want to watch another one because he was the definitive charlac Holmes. And the other ones who just are rip off, I won't have anything to do with them. There's only one Dr. Watson with Nigel Bruce, or Gary Bruce. And a same with Dracula. Right. All these Dracula imitators, not for me. I still can't find it. But today this weekend, we're going to order the tapes. Okay. Okay. It would, and what's the other one? Vaabah. Vaabah. Davidson. Vaabah. Mr. Murphy. What is it called? Vaabah. Vaabah. Vita. Vaabah. Because both of those are coming out on the DB. I don't know. I guess I could wait. Right. Yeah. I'm not in middle of June. I can wait. It's not like an emergency. And I'd rather, I'd rather get him on DBD anyway because that'll have to lie in times. I'm still thinking back to the, why do I hate money? I'm trying to come up with an answer for that. Because you're a bigot. You hate the brits. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, I got two waxes out of the same one. The beauty of the movie. Wait a minute. Why would you have two? How could you possibly have two? I watched these movies. One after another. At least once a month. Pick one. Beetle juice. Beetle juice? Yes. In the math. But Jim Terry. Me, the meadled juice. Okay. Beetle juice. It's, they just, they just, they just, they can't take risks. What they are, you know? They just can't go along with it. Whatever it is. Like I'm about to overrun chillin. What, one movie? What's single movie? Now which tune out which ten? Not which. Not thirty men. No. No. And kind of cut it either. What movie have you watched the most times? I mean, there are many movies that watched multiple times. Like I mentioned, I watched the fan again on TV with Lauren Baccold. And that was a good movie. I've seen that maybe three, four times. But there's, how many movies can there be that you've watched, Zidians of times? How many of those could they're possibly? Not third man? Like I said, I see I forgot what I just said about the people with too much time on her hands. I mean, Godfather one, I have seen all three of them multiple times. But Godfather one especially so many times. I couldn't even count the number times. A hundred or more maybe. Zidians. That would be my answer. How many times you've seen it? Zidians of times. But just we must go to the early early. Exactly. Here, here be lying in that movie. Right. Here be, here be lying. Daddy, fuck, tell you, we'll never get that movie. I don't get how many. Take off any what? Great, small, cumbersome out of the woodwork. I'm German Irish. Well, let me tell you something, my crock, McFriend. I'm going to make so much coffee. You, you won't know what it was. Come and lawyer. I have not threatened. I know almost every big lawyer we're doing. Who the hell are you? Who the hell are you? I'm going to hell a year. Exactly. 953 and 560. We're having a good time. We understand what it's all about. The audience is having a more. We're having a more communication from them. Probably because we're on AM. You have sure. Let's start some rumors that we're going on FM. Well, don't just think it's standing out where the country crap on kiss. That stuff is such garbage. You know? That stuff is so bogus, especially not that they're not playing the dixie chicks. Yeah, another thing, stop playing the dixie chicks. I think that we ought to move in there. And in fact, what we'll do is like in the middle of all the shows, we'll play dixie jick record. One half hour, we'll play dixie chicks. The other half hour will play duff. And if only that it's stuck. I, and now that's the interesting part because I don't like country music generally. All the Shania Twain, of course, she's made in A. Yeah. Shania's country. And she's great. She's like crossover pop, though. She's very pro. She's very pro. She's got Canadian. Special, uh, special condemnation for those cowards who, uh, cancel their appearances here, including J.Lo. They moved to Winniepeg. J.Lo. You can blow it out to your ass, J.Lo. And you know why it's she about that big compound there with, uh, with Ben Affleck? No. They're having two houses built. And they're not going to be staying in the same way. And that's what I'm thinking. Two, two huge houses built. And they're quite a distant support on the old plantation in Georgia, where we're going to run for her and one from that demon. And also, uh, Elton John and Billy Joel, they crapped out. Oh, we're afraid. We're afraid. Oh, God. There's nothing going on here. Man, everything is beautiful. Everything is lovely. Bell's wrong with these goddamn people. Put some morons. Whatcha, pussy? That's the problem. Too many cowards. Don't let me forget that column. Oh, I won't. Oh, and I'll take another comment. I'm going to read today another bedtime story. There's so many good ones. No time to get Swedish by Nick Christoph. That's that scary. That article that column is today in the times. That is downright scary. No, is he eating? This one scientist warning another and email to his other age researchers. He says, in, uh, he's advising staff to speak in code. They're worried that their emails are being intercepted. Uh, I'll read this whole thing later. But he says, phone communication does not appear. Taped at this time. Even so, I'm advising staff to speak in code and listen. NIH staff member indicates you can speak freely. In short, assume you're living in Stalinist Russia when communicating with the United States government. You ready for that? Yeah. Yeah. I was ready for it. Hmm. Nation of cowards by Sydney Hall, Jr. I'm going to get to that. And neocons, dances, strouse walls. This is a really, in fact, there's several articles about this. But this was the best one. Is United States foreign policy being run by followers of an obscure German Jewish political philosopher whose views were a latest a moral and hostile to democratic government? Suddenly, political Washington is a buzz about Leo Strauss who arrived in the US in 1938 and taught at several major universities before his death in 1973. But I just mention these things in passing, okay? Take him or leave him. You know, because most of you will go through life going to, like that. Some of you will go through life going to, like that, like Greg Reid. And some of you might actually pay attention. 1957 at five, 60 WQM, the mad dogs, coming up at one hank, the humpers in the studio today. At three o'clock, then we got the Marlins on Drec at seven o'clock. They Marlins will go for seven losses in a row against the Rockies at P.P. Park tonight, 735. Tom Jicker for 8K, 1030 night. Any SPN and radio. You're also saying, I'm at call time, Jicker. What are you going to call him? Ascle. I'll tell you right now, pizza loft is where you'll find some of the things you need to do. The real office is where you'll find some great show. This is one thing we can all agree on. We can agree to agree. Because pizza loft is home of some of the world's best show at very, very modest prices. That's why it's so popular. That's why Jeff Cohen has been here and building that $8 million house or whatever he's got. That's why he chopped off his ponytail because he got it. It's got that kind of success. Doesn't want to walk around looking like some kind of a slab like Woody Graber. So, given to the pizza loft in Davy, that's your original Broward location on University Drive between 595 and Griffin Road, Kitty Corner, the new Armadillo Cafe right behind Parwin imports with like a Zidian parking spots right in front of the joint. And try some of the great chow at the pizza loft. They got chicken dishes and meal and seafood, all your pasta favorites. They got three different kinds of great pizza, Calzone, Super Subtic, got that Fugazi pizza. And of course, garlic rolls just dripping with garlic that I guarantee the best you've ever had. For take out delivery and catering at the Davy location called 9504-9168880. 9504-9168880 and of course, don't forget now. Same great food, same great deals, same low-amazing prices in plantation. Right behind Walgreens Corner of Davyland sunrise. For lunch dinner late night snacks, for take out delivery there called 9504-318299. Log over due out there by me because it is pretty much a wasteland in terms of places like this. Now the pizza loft is in plantation right in Davyland sunrise like I said behind prestigious Walgreens. 9504-318299. I want to take all gang up for real treat this weekend for a delicious feast at the World Famous Pizza Loss. 5-1 local, 6-560, the ring of all yours. 9504-318299. 9504-318299. I'm dying out of the hands. 5-1 local, 6-1 local, 7-1 local, 7-1 local, 7-1 local, 7-1 local, 7-1 local, 7-1 local, 7-1 local, 7-1 local, 7-1 local, 7-1 local, 7-1 local, 7-1 local, 7-1 local, 7-1 local, 7-1 local, 7-1 local, 7-1 local, 7-1 local, 7-1 local, 7-1 local, 7-1 local, 7-1 local, 7-1 local, 7-1 local, 7-1 local, 7-1 local, 7-1 local, 7-1 local, 7-1 local, 7-1 local, 7-1 local, 7-1 local, 7-1 local, 7-1 local, 7-1 local, 7-1 local, 7-1 local, 7-1 local, 7-1 local, 7-1 local, 7-1 local, 7-1 local, 7 And then we're you all ready to do this! see here's another interesting uh I you know we're gonna have to like have the audience freeze the questions for me because I think I've lost my title. matter assuming you mean what movie by scene most as an adult you know something I just got a great idea for Monday's pool what movie did you see most when you were a child okay we'll make the limit a bit yeah and then on Tuesday we'll do what movie did you see most is a senior citizen or do you plan on seeing most when you get to be a hundred come on geolight not sweetheart but it is amusing. she says 2001 space Odyssey otherwise it's the wizard of eyes. well I guess we better put them both on or don't you? yes. somebody uh facts to national and puned vacation already put that on or of course this is one we put them all on. this is one where we have the where we have George vetoed because he's in the early mood or something like that or vener boy starts babbling along you. can I make us a dish? as soon as I get through writing you don't don't throw me I can't write and listen to your crap at the same time. we should have a pause okay. go ahead a Christmas story. a Christmas story? yep they put 24 hours of it on Christmas Eve to Christmas day. they put 24 hours of the same movie on TBS. I thought you just said a Christmas Carol before. totally. you want another third one I watch most? you see this is what happens when you get a punk out of direct deposit. you know what I'm saying? I guarantee he'd be on his best behavior today if words were that if it was back in the old days he's waiting for clearance to finally do a lot of that paycheck you know. but now they get to write the deposit. the only one he had is the bank. the good news is that Boca Brian is tea bagging his cell phone as we speak because he loves it. excellent. in fact you might actually write on it. here's the fact that says from Quincy in Miami. love you sure I watched the 10 commandments every year for at least the last 28 years. I guess in fact that's close stop. right? right. you can't think of any movie I've seen 28 times. yeah and the PSMO below. now see you got to scroll this right. okay Quincy Quincy. you get your spell he's got do do do do do is which is plenty of do do around it. do do do do do do. yeah he left off the i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i's. have a spary port on moe. i saw him yesterday evening. i'll call you as soon as my asshole boss is gone. says Quincy in Miami. okay Quincy we're waiting with Vated Breath. you're with your asshole boss. Tracy says good morning. i'll call you. i've voted for the one movie i watched. and now Chris mystery. are we putting that on there? yeah. jaws got it. i've seen jaws about three four times. and you know something. i heard it was talking about that the other day. somebody maybe on the morning show. maybe on the moe and uh... gildy show. it's uh it was good. and what is it? it says no it was not one of the great movies of all time by any stretch of the imagination. if you liked it watch it every day. watch it uh about thirty minutes before the end of the weekend. i mean all you want. but it yeah it was good. but i could live without it and we just uh you know i don't know. pretty predictable. when you say yeah. but anyway thanks Tracy. have a great weekend too. it says i watch the countless times growing up and bought the video of you made that i watch every so often. oh i see i shouldn't say that i'm Tracy's going to be upset. i'm not knocking your taste Tracy. i'm just speaking for me. i'm not that big of a jaws fan. okay. it's it was good but not that's something i would watch again. i've seen it like. like i said two three times that's enough. if it came on right now. in fact what is on right now? oh you know what we missed this morning? what? oh you're cereals. busy talking about your crap. oh funeral in a movie. oh no please don't tell me he's going to do that. did chick. oh no. do it. no i don't want to see it. oh i don't want to see that. something short of paradise. or Susan's the random David Steinberg. don't you read the band? i can't stand David Steinberg. i love Susan's the random but i can't stand him. something short of paradise and art let oh it's end of thing just went off. and journalist and an art theater owner. wrestle with a rocky relationship. he's just oh so you know like Jewish wimpy you know. you know i mean by that? like a nub. like a nub. and the other one was like that was in port noise complaint. what's that one actor is that? i never saw that movie. in Jewish actor. i didn't either he had a bachelorette that he was attacking. tople. who? you said Jewish actor. i said tople. 567. 560. pound 560 don't forget i saw gaslight more than once. here's a call from four lotterdale. hello. oh no. yes sir. i've got one for your poll. yeah. uh. feeling lonely and not to be a good. if you were loading and Vegas how many times you've seen it? oh i gotta say at least a dozen. really? yeah. okay pal. so you really well get to an alicine over there. she'll help you out. if you're loading and Las Vegas got it? i got it. see this isn't one that you have to say well we're gonna put that we've got to put it on here because whatever they say is uh we got to believe them to take their word. don't win or pretend we do anyway. and you can start with these up there right now because if the people don't see the what there's honor yet or give it to call it and they can vote later on but in the meantime we can get it up there right now okay. so we aren't gonna have to ditto around with us all morning long because he's obviously got some very important sandwiches to be. i mean some very important projects to work on. you follow? this is an interesting and disturbing article like i said by Jim Loeb. where's this from? oh interpress service. he says his United States foreign policy being run by followers of a obscure German Jewish political philosopher who's used where a leadist a more than hostile democratic government. suddenly political washnins of buzz about Leo Strauss who were arrived in the US in 1938 and taught at several major universities before his death in 1973. following which articles in the US press and his reported an Asia times online. this war is brought to you by in march. it was the article. the cognizant here becoming aware that Kenya or conservative strategies behind abortion administrations aggressive foreign and military policy consider themselves to be followers of Strauss although they philosopher and expert on Plato and Aristotle rarely addressed current events in his writings. the most prominent is deputy defense secretary Paul Wolfowitz now seen as the wolfwitz of Arabia for his obsession with ousting you know Iraq's Saddam Hussein as the first step in transforming the entire Arab Middle East. wolfwitz has also seen as the chief architect of Washington's posts September 11th global strategy including its controversial preemption policy. two other very influential Straussians include weekly standard chief editor William Crystal and Gary Schmidt. founder chairman and director of the project for New American century Penaq, a six year old Neo conservative group was alumni include vice president of Deutachaney and Pentagon chief Donald Rumsfeld as well as a number of other senior foreign policy officials and I should mention our governor Jeff Bush. Penaq's early prescriptions and subsequent open letters to president George W. Bush and how to fight the war on terrorism have anticipated to an uncanny extent precisely what the administration has done must be just a coincidence don't you think? Crystal's father Irving the godfather of Neo conservatism was sits on the board of the American enterprise institute the AEI were a number of prominent hawks including former defense policy board chairman Richard Pearl are based has also credited Strauss with being one of the main influences on his thinking. While a New York Times article introduced readers to Strauss and his disciples in Washington interest was further peaked this week by a lengthy article and they buy the New Yorkers legendary investigative reporter Seymour Hirsch in the relationship to Sunny who noted that Abraham Schultzke, a close-prolistened social who was run a special intelligence unit in Rumsfeld's office is also a Straussian. His unit according to Hirsch reinterpreted evidence of Iraq's alleged links to some of the law's al-Qaeda terrorist network and possession of weapons of mass destruction to support those new administration determined to go to war with Baghdad. The article also identified Stephen Kim-Bohn, one of Rumsfeld's closest aids was the new post of under-secretary defense for intelligence as a Strauss follower. In his article Hirsch wrote that Strauss believed the world of be a place where isolated liberal democracies live in constant danger from hostile elements abroad and where policy advisors may have to deceive their own publics and even their rulers in order to protect their countries. Shady Adruary author of 1999's Leo Strauss in the American rights is that Hirsch is right on the second count but dead wrong on the first, Strauss would need the re-libral lower democrat she said in the telephone interview from her office at the University of Calgary in Canada, perpetual deception of the citizens by those in powers critical in Strauss's view because they need to be led and they need strong rulers to tell them what's good for them. The Vymar Republican Germany was a model of liberal democracy for which he had huge content added to Rory, liberalism and Vymar in Strauss's view led ultimately with the Nazi Holocaust against the Jews. Like Plato Strauss taught that within societies some are fit to lead others to be led, according to Rory but on like play to who believed that leaders had to be people with such high moral standards that they could resist the temptations of power Strauss taught that those who are fit to rule are those who realize there is no morality and that those only one natural right to run of a superior to rule over the inferior. For Strauss religion is the glue that holds society together said Rory who ended that, Irving among other Neo Conservatives as argue that separating church in state was the biggest mistake made by the founders of the US Republic. Secular society in there if he was the worst possible thing because it leads to individualism, liberalism and relativism precisely those traits that might encourage descent which in turn could dangerously weaken society's ability to cope with external threats. You want to crowd that you can manipulate like Patti according to Dury. And it goes on you can be the whole article on a website. Yeah, exactly. Well, that's what's happening, man. You see it. You see it. It's right there in front of you. Either you know either get yourself said about it. Do something about it. What you've whipped up to a frenzy or just, yeah keep going like that. Yeah. It's all right out there. And we had another article which I'm not going to waste the time reading or at least I probably won't. About the fact that this whole thing coming upon June 2nd of the FCC, it's already a done deal. The FCC's media bureau has vetted staff recommendations for changes to a string of media ownership rules with all five commissioners and the chosen proposals have been probably endorsed by the commissioners three Republican members. In other words, it's that, you know, it's three to two. The Republicans have the edge on the FCC. It's a done deal. While the recommendations were in finalized late yesterday, it's expected the process to be completed by Monday. The eighth say there's wide agreement among the Republican majority over the biggest issues. There you go. Come June 2nd. You're going to have a clear channel all over your body. They're going to be in your nose in your ears up your back dome. That's right in your ass. Clear channel. Everywhere you look. Everywhere your station is going to sound the same. Every newspapers are going to have the same crap. Every television says it's going to be spoon the same damn up. Pepperally propaganda. That's it. You lose. 1013 at 5.60. What am I getting so whipped up to a frenzy by you know? I don't know. Just calm down. Just look at take a look at Aaron again on a website. You know, Mother's Day is this Sunday and this year's surprise here with a gift of relaxation from the inner retreat spa and wellness studio, or she'll enjoy a true spa experience. The inner retreat spa and wellness studios offering her great mother's day package for just $99. You know, Aaron's got a great package too. Mom's journey will begin at her arrival where professional licensed staff members will greet her with soft music, candlelight and hot tea. So receive a relaxing revitalizing facial followed by a massage designed to relieve all stress and her neck back and shoulders. All of these things for just $99. The inner retreats found wellness studios located at 726 Riverside Rav and Carl Springs right next to the outback. Call 9-5-4-3-4-1-60-20 for more information. mentioned WQM in the first 25 people get a free aroma therapy candle or organic specially soap and a soap pouch with their mother's day package. They're located like I said in Carl Springs 726 Riverside Rav where next to the prestigious outback steakhouse. This year do something different for mom with a true spa experience at the inner retreat spa and wellness studio. Call them today is in right now 9-5-4-3-4-1-62-20. Skylos. Millenhoray are seek. I take their place. Oh, I forget you pay open get. Today we put them at the pool. The pool will be your favorite operating system. What is your favorite operating system? Windows 87, Windows 95, Windows 98, 200 NK, Windows XP, R. Windows Mi.Ray Marie UH. Uhhh... NO! I hate you. I hate you too. I hate you too. I hate you too. Please do not pick me. Well, you got me there. It will be like that. 1017 at 560WQ. And we don't need that whole thing. All we need is- Oh, that's me, she's guy. Oh, yeah, that's all we need. And the in my amy says the one will be I've seen 100 times probably at least 100 more is airplane. Just to see the loan in the disco makes me pee my pants every time. I'm with you, Andy. It's great. Did we get that on there? Got it. Airplane. Can't he check somebody said also somebody who likes to play golf? Oh, Ferris Bueller's day off. Okay. See, I mean, why am I passing judgment on these, huh? Said I worked. Yeah, I'm a judgmental prick. That's right. It was okay. I seen a movie. It was fine. Did you know that he killed the he- I didn't even know that story about Matthew Brudrick. What about him? I saw him at tambloids this week. This happened some time ago. Like four or five years ago, he ran into a family over in England or somewhere in Ireland. And killed like two or three people. He had no idea. God, I didn't know anything. And he didn't come with Rick Sanchez. I just mentioned that in passing. And they rich practice. You see, of all people, this is starting to get me really aggravated. He's got one, two, three, four, four of them. And he's just, I've seen each his living in times or maybe not 30 minutes. Yeah. I can't handle that. In fact, I'm not going to put any of them down. It just simply because I can't. Well, what am I going to do? Put them all on there? We're going to have a list of 40,000 on here. The question is just, it's simple. OK? What movie have you watched the most times? Not as a child, not as a adult in your life, in your life, you got it in your life. How many can we pick? About 30, man. One, put your finger in your nose, get it way in there, and pick one good one. OK? That's my suggestion to you. OK? Put down first, Boer's. They are. That was OK. Look, if you like it, you like it. What a boer. Who would have had my to say, right? Sean and Holly would have as out of control says, if I could afford it, I would have a chip implanted my front of low playing the Maltese falcon on a continuous loop. If only to hear sand and spade, how if it broke out, say to Peter Laurie, Joel Cairo, when you're slapped, you'll take it and like it. Yeah. You can act like a man. What come on? Even if the slapping doesn't cause the effeminate Cairo to act like a man. I've seen it more times than Charles Manson has seen the parole boards as Sean and Holly would. OK, let's get that on our Maltese falcon. That was a great movie. OK, I always thought once. I, I don't know how many times I saw, but I mean, not one that would watch a lot. See, this is an interesting thing. Because when you come right down to it, like, like, you know, songs, if you like a song, you want to hear it over and over and over again. Right. Song last like three, four minutes, whatever it is. Use to be like two minutes. But with movies, I mean, movies is an investment of time. Our and a half, two hours, long movies, some are like even up to three hours, maybe even more. I'll tell you one, I can't find that really pisses me off that I would like to see again on DVD. Once upon a time in America. Yeah. I'm sure it's out there. That's an underrated movie. And then like I said, the only frustrating thing about it is is the ending is so bad. Because you get to the ending and then you write that crap about well, you know, the director said that, you know, there was an opium trip or so. And the whole movie. In other words, it didn't even really happen. Right. Okay. Hate that. Yeah. And you feel like in the movie, it lasted us forever. But 30 minutes. 30 hours. It's what, maybe one to longest movies ever made. The uncut, the original director's version was, they edited and they chopped the way down because they want to put like three and a half hour movies in the theater. In fact, you remember when Godfather was a Godfather, two? Was that the one that was real super long? There was an intermission in that movie. Yeah. Now, back in the old days, I mean, real old before you were born. But back in the good old days, they used to have an intermission in movies frequently. Right. All of the animation wasn't between parts of a movie. The animation would be between the main features. You go and you'd have your cartoon, I don't remember what order they were. You'd have your cartoon, you're 50 minutes cereal, like rocket man or Zoro or Superman, your Cody. Oh, come on. I love that. That was the rocket man, command. Right. And then news real, which would be five or ten minutes. And then you'd have your first feature and then there'd be an intermission and in between you'd have like another cartoon or some man previews, you know, previews have come in the fractions and then you have a second full feature. So back in those days, it was like a day at the movies. Right. As opposed to now, where you go into these multiplexes and there's like 75 different, well, at least I've heard of the man. The theaters and, you know, it's an hour and a half flick. And each one is showing a different one and that's it. Sure, it sure is how they'll see no cartoons anymore. No. You don't see any news real, that's for damn sure. Although, you know, something don't tell this administration about that. They'll be putting palm palm scenes with the, you know, the troops returning with the holding the babies again. Every time you go to see a movie, you'll be watching those scenes again. This is a sublimable. I wouldn't surprise me if they do the sublimable thing and they're like they'd travel to co-spice and the popcorn thing. Remember that? I, huh? When did they stop doing that? In fact, maybe they never stopped. That's right. They started doing that with a sublimable advertising where they would put in little clips of popcorn and soda and candy and you didn't even realize they were in there. Right. That's just product placement. And the purpose being to like subliminally and make you hungry so that you'd run, you'd go rushing out of the counter by a bunch of crap and make all your teeth fall out of popcorn. Popcorn, right. They would, popcorn candy. Which piece? That would. That would be a great pool to take some. They do we ever do that? Favorite theater food? Yeah, favorite food. Yeah, I like steak. Yeah, there you go. How about some pizza would be good, huh? Pizza's a nice good thing to eat at the, uh, or how about Kentucky fry? How about like a nice big bucket of Kentucky fried at the favorite theater would be good? Just ate the same normal man. Just ate the same. It's a whole different experience. It just like the thing with the DVDs now. I mean, why not what you waste your time go to movie theater when you can get these things on DVD? Not that much. Sure, but all the extra good stuff and then the Easter eggs. Oh, god. I can't wait to figure that out. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil. Yes, I, I got a movie today. My favorite movie is Fast Times at Ridge Mill High. And yes, yesterday's poll, I was wondering what the movie that I thought was the shit of an honor was crying game. It was on there. Oh, it wasn't on there. It wasn't on there because it wasn't the end of the movie. It was the first 20 minutes of the movie. Oh, that's right. Yeah, somebody suggested that. It wasn't on there because the ending wasn't what was great. I'm blind. I didn't get it till the end. Okay. All right. You have a good one. You put up YouTube value. Thanks. Thank you. Have you heard of the penis? Didn't tip him off, I guess? The penis? Oh, she was a guy. Right. I didn't see that movie to crying game. Oh, okay. I'm not in those, uh, pervert kind of movies. I like something like, you know, Alice in Wonderland. Something really normal like Alice in Wonderland with a man header in the Chisher cat. Oh, the header was stuff. Right. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T. And Verizon, where else line? What movie have you watched the most times? Now, now see what else would be what's your favorite movie? Not necessarily. No. Because I still think and it's difficult, it is so hard but I think that my favorite movie is still not worth it. who is healthy, baby. Oh, oh, oh. They like I told you, just watched them out two thirds of it again the other day. But you know when you're watched them will be too often at when you can't watch it all the way through. Because you just know what's going to happen. Right? You don't buy rope. But they're certain parts of it that you just so obsessed with. You cannot turn it off. I'll get back to you, Diane. Diana. The scene in his office where she's pitching to put Beal back on the air. He says, You're talking about putting a man, a fessly irresponsible man on national network television and she stands there with at Bethlehem, not in her head. It's just a sensational. Well, I'd have to run it by what it stands in practices. I missed a buddy who wanted to know about it. But I'll get back to you, Diana. I think that's my favorite movie, but I have not seen it anywhere near his mate. Well, first of all, it's not it's almost never on television. One of reasons being that network television probably is like a little bit of verse to putting on there because it's an indictment of exactly what they become. But the godfather, I mean, every time you turn around, there it is. There is the man, I'm not not going to do that because you can't turn it off. Right? Just like this show. Just like the people are claim that they hate this show. They need hate it, but they can't turn it off. 1026 at 560 QMIC Pompano Park spot here, but I don't have any copies from just going to wing it. I... Well, no, because it's unfortunate because I'm sure that Steve Wolf and our close personal friend Troy Stranger were likely to know what's going on there. Anyway, the path there's in the heat are well done for the season stick a fork in them they're done. And college basketball finito, the dolphins don't get started for another three months. But there's still some great live action going on where you can be a big winner. Pompano Park is open three nights a week for great live harness racing every Wednesday, Friday, like tonight and tomorrow every Saturday. First post time, 715 in the PM's general parking admission is free. I bet you they got some special stuff from others day too, maybe tomorrow, but I don't know what it is because I have no copy. Come out to Pompano Park and enjoy great racing. And of course, every day, seven days a week starting a new new new year got simultaneous casting from all over North America through a bread racing highlight harness racing from the best tracks all over North America. Every Wednesday at Pompano Park is dollar night for draft beer, hot dog sodas and lots more. And I'm assuming I'm positive that coming up on Saturday, May 17. That's a week from tomorrow. They'll be featuring some casting of the pre-tons dates from Pimico and early word way during the start. I do believe next Friday the 16th at 1 PM. I'm pretty sure that but I don't have the copy. Don't hold me to it, but I'm positive. Watch way during during the crowd next Saturday may 17th of the second leg in Turbo Dressing's triple crowded Pompano Park. By the way, Emerald, what's the ortho is post to win? Everley. Now, seriously though, the favorite in the derby. Whatever was, he's not he's skipping the pre-tons. Really? So I'm gonna pick funny side when Dave Johnson will just speak to him next week. Pompano Park, a block south Atlantic Boulevard on Parline Road, don't forget live racing tonight, Great Harness Racing in the space. Post time 715 at Pompano Park. Oh, I can move on. This is the 21st when you'll fly city. You weigh in. Oh boy. I'm a Catholic. No. So, by house issues, a statement today. Post on your trick you can't let up by your wife. Hey, let's not go there. It's just by safe. There's not a part of power coalition anyway. The lady has a got the sauce. The wing that will bring you home. The lady has a got the sauce. The lady in front of you. She's a lady in on like night bus. Oh baby, listen that, get off that bus. More planning there, this falls right in line. And if you can't come out of bed last time, The lady in the front of the sun. We can bring you home. The baby is a got themselves. The baby is on young. It's gonna come out soon. So my grandma is so. They're the City of Finesis. 1032.5. Is that kind of like you're walking there today and they kind of. Yeah, sounds like a little guilty gig. Yeah, y'all be. That's a power of Christ, you'll praise you. The power of Christ, you'll praise you. The power of Christ, you'll praise you. That's what makes his the anxiousest of course. I've seen that several times, but not in the category where the Godfather. In fact, in the early running on here, and if also be a little slow coming because obviously people are going to wait to see the movie that is the one that they saw so much. Godfather, one 19, Star Wars 13. I didn't even know we had Star Wars on the list. I put it down there when we were talking this morning. I forgot this. Yeah, because I told you it would be on there. Star Wars 13, Wizard of Oz 11, Christmas story eight. I don't even know what a Christmas story is. Stone with a little kid, and he gets the gun for Christmas. He wants the gun for Christmas, and you'll shoot your eye out. Never saw it. It's like a 40's movie. It looks never saw it. Probably a movie for Graham. It's a wonderful live seven. Oh, I'd speak of a beiner boy. Rumor I heard there was that, you know, Aaron that sent us those pictures yesterday. Amy and Aaron. I hear that he got Aaron's number. I couldn't be wrong about that, but that's the rumour going around the building. In fact, what I heard the actual, the whole story was I heard that he and him are like wrestling in a hive and like a brawl this morning. And it came to find out they were, or I'd muffers trying to get the phone number away from him. It's a wonderful live seven. Never watched any movie more than once for. See, I told you. National Anthemification three gone with a win three life of Brian three. 2001 space out of C three, clockwork arms are pure jaws to 10 and then from there on as a smattering. Did we put deliverance on there? Not yet. Well, I know. No, what's that yet? Well, we'll wait till somebody says it. Because if I do that, then I'll have put on more than one myself. And we were only allowing one. In fact, here's another one. JK from Hollywood. We love you JK, but you got like a whole as plus. He's got the first one fast time of Ridge Months high, which that's going to get a bunch of votes because there's another fact. So I've seen that one easily two thousand times and somebody called it in fast times of Ridge Month high. So we'll put that on her. But if you put like a whole bunch of them, I'm just going to Schmidt can your facts. Okay. Because what's the point? Right? I get to name a bunch of movies. That's like asking me. What's my favorite flavor of flavor of ice cream? And I list you every flavor that's several are like butter pecan vanilla chocolate is pretty. I like Rocky Road. It's it's just not that difficult. I understand that we're requiring you to make a judgment. Make a pick one. Make a judgment. But every pool that we take where we let the audience know kind of like build the pool, which is great because it kills time. And you audience, despite of the fact that they claimed on that one pool we took that day, believe me, this is their meat and potatoes, man. This is what they can sink their teeth in. We just keep that in mind. Mm-hmm. Spide of all the miles on. That's the last thing we want to hear as these long ponders pull. No, it's not. You love it. Plus I sneak in my bedtime stories. We get all the good stuff in there. Don't forget join Joe Costello who used to be a hell of a good broadcaster. Join Joe today noon to two with the Verizon Wireless Tour 3333 North Federal Highway in Pompano. Stop by to get some free Marlins tickets for the night's game against the Colorado Rockies. And registered when tickets were upcoming home game. I still don't look confused them. What happened with the All-Star. They made it some promotion that's over. Or maybe Doreen took Miguel's toys away. I don't know what to deal with. Bill and four Laterdale says Star Wars absolutely positive without it. And quickly his answer is Star Wars. Episode four I knew hope the real well. Oh wait a minute. See, this is going to be like Godfather where we are. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Everybody knows what we're talking about. Oh, the movie Lucas made when he was broken. Telled it before he sold a sold of the devil for it. He's beyond his wildest dreams and started to look, oh, that's right. Cause all the other stuff is like that retro crap. Right. We don't want no retro crap. Okay, thank you, Bill. Steven Miami says Neil George and Biner boy and Ace Ventura wanted to list. He's seen it a whole bunch of times and he says, God, man. Okay, got it. Ace Ventura won. Got it. I don't even know what they all had. Ace Ventura pit detected. Oh, no, what do I have? Oh, yeah, Jim Carrier. It's surprisingly. It didn't suck. And the second one was even better. You know, I liked Jim Carrier a lot. Yeah. But it's the movies he makes that I don't like. I just like the second movie was actually funny. Was it really? It was. I was the part of your word for it. I listen at least at this stage of the way things are going on. I'm not going to have time left in my lifetime to watch all the movies that I got on list now. Even though once I got in the other room sitting there, all the DVDs and my DVDs. Here's what it says. If you like Motown music, which I do love, check out the documentary, standing in the shadows of Motown. It's about the funk brother's Motown's sessions musicians have played more. I'm more hits than Elvis DeBetels than Rolling Stones combined. It says like you and George have seen the godfather dozens of times. Not good man. Especially parts one and two. I won't forgive Robert Duval for doing days of thunder instead. And when I'm a writer to be a boyfriend, Johnny to be with a boyfriend, Johnny that believing godfather to and giving us George Hamilton and Sophia Coppola. Had Tom Hagan and Connie. Look what we got. Oh, and then he's got a list of 75 other movies he see many, many times. But, and it says if you add young children, you saw the Lion King a little more made a lot also. But godfather one, I'm assuming after star wars in this case. Got it? Got all these? Godfather one, Cook, who's next gone with the wind? Talk recordings, life of Brian, it's a wonderful life. A Christmas Carol Ocean's 11 Beetle Juice, National Lion Pulling Vacation, 2001 in the Space Odyssey. What's that one with us? 2000 won in Space Travesty with Leslie Nielsen? Right. That's been out a few times but I haven't watched you. Have you seen it? Nope. Can't be bad. His Leslie Nielsen, ever been in a bad movie. I don't think so. He's Canadian, eh? Worship of ours. Christmas story, George. You don't like Leslie Nielsen? Of course I do. I was kind of a pawn. You know, in a Scarlet's like a long pregnant pause like that. He was talking to me. Can you hear me? No, it was important. It was important. Yeah, we were discussing Oceans 11. I don't remember anybody saying that neither does he but nevertheless it's on there. Oceans 11 was on a phone call. Somebody did mention Oceans 11. Okay. Yes, yes, yes. Yeah. See, this is what I put up with. Folks, I got the two beeners there in this video and they just, and the reason the poll doesn't always come out the way you think it's going to come out and things disappear things get added in is because I'm doing one show. And then the two of them are doing another show. Somebody called in and said Oceans 11. Now maybe you're hearing maybe you have Rush Limbaugh disease. Maybe you're hearing is going to Bodea. What? See? A Christmas story, Josh, hearing loading a Las Vegas candy shack airplane, which was hysterical. Having a sale at J.C. pennies, he was the best. That's true cake. He was hysterical. Leon. Was that his name? He was a panic. And also what's his name? Lloyd Bridges. Who was sniffing glue? It kind of reminded me of the mole myster, you know? I'll get to it. I'll find it. It isn't here somewhere. I picked the bad date of Quitsmith and glued right. Lloyd Bridges was upside down in that one scene. First viewers day off. Maltese style confessed times at Richmont High. It's going to get a lot of votes. The exorcist. Network. And a spinture one. Is that actually the name A spinture a petty tech to a spinture a petty tech to a petty tech to a. Well put on it. What have you been like? I'll know what it is. How about Jesse Ventura? How about that MSNBC and the Jesse Ventura thing? Why are you talking about embarrassing? Have you noticed what you probably don't watch it? And I almost never do any more. I don't watch CNN underpendally at that. But if I ever flip it around and I get to MSNBC, they keep changing the times of the shows. It reminds me of the old PD Volder thing. I was doing the last gasp of their talk format before they sold out and became Fox Sports with their marginal fractional numbers. And they do the same thing. And they move a bill press and a pack you can and they're on like five. I don't know. Nobody has any idea what time those shows are on. The big threat. Nostmen. I think they just took him off to the fat farmer something. And that's their new deal on there now. So anyway, Jesse Ventura. I don't think that show is ever going to see the light of day. I think that when he did the interview with the soldiers, I think that was it. That was the nail in the coffin. That was the one show. This is what we put you on the ear for was that. And I think that was the end of him. Offer. We're like you, Jesse, but get a life. Get fine to real job. Go back to wrestling. That's his thing. 1041 is 560 W to kill me on Mother's Day is only the day after tomorrow. It's just two days away. Good news is that there's still time to send your mom, wife and grandma something extra special this year. Show them how much you appreciate them by sending an authentic Vermont teddy bear. So receive a beautiful little bear personalized just for her and delivered with a free card and gourmet candy, a colorful gift box. It got great beers like the spa mob bear, mom's biggest fan, or the new queen for a day bear. And don't forget, Dad's every year it's your job to get a gift from the kids. And the mother and cup said it's a perfect idea. Just as many cups you need with their names and boarded right on the Hewlett Lampfits. They've got guaranteed Saturday delivery sorbet will arrive in time for Mother's Day if you do it today. It's more creative and thoughtful and flowers at the last lifetime. So call right now 1-800-829 bear in a friendly bear. Council will help you to take care of their just for her. So she'll know you're putting some real thought into it. Ordering is quick and easy. Just 1-800-829 bears on after do or shop online if you like it for Montettybear.com. This year, thank mom for all she does for you. With a Vermont teddy bear call right now before time runs out 1-800-829-B-E-A-R. Rye and local. Here's Sports Radio 5-60-U.A.M. Why the you best in? Secret ray. Wiggle and the wind come red and jay. You won't give me something to eat. A very religious in like a play. You just don't give it up to me. He's a bigger home than rich you've been. I want to eat. I got meat. I want the papers. Hey, it's all the public now. Jesse's got a love from child. You want to marry me? Just well done, boys. Papers. Be fine. Yeah. And you play, you play. Like, just by seeing. Not that mine. Yeah. He's in trouble. It would sing. Oh yeah. What's up with that? I can think. Nothing, five clinton's team. Yeah. Oh, my, I mean, I guess I thought. This was not MLK's dream. Damn, I'm hungry. It's a day round. The obelocous, with his who she girl. I'm a infertile now. Expensive suit and brand new cherry-car. Maybe you'll be a little wistful. In the limo he gave her a word. She may tell to me what help he did. Make sure you want her her. Better get me something. Jesse's got a love from child. Yeah. Got the badminton's too. Well done, boys, papers. Be fine. Yeah. You're talking rather than writing. She likes it spicy. I'm fine. Yeah. I'm gonna need some more money. It's in trouble. It would be safe. I'm gonna, yeah. Give me some of that red-brim money. I'm a big part of chim-chim-chim-chim. Yeah. You mean you're something? I'm leaving with his balance being. Yeah. Just like a pooping. This was not MLK's dream. I'm hungry, baby. You know who I am? I'm mo-green. I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders. 1047 at 5.60. That's killing a man, Godfather. I look at this. Somebody just backs him. He's some mo-hawk racing stuff. Yeah. What do you say? Would you say it's a stain? Oh, is that house, aren't you? I mean, if I can't get pomp at a park, I'll be asking you. You missed your mo-hawk, or racist stuff. Fastest qualifying race ever. Art major. 151 and 1 at mo-hawk. In a qualifying race. Oh, my God. This was today. It must have been this morning. 151 and 1 were the last half in 54 and 1. Are you following that with Chris Chris stopper win a bike? You know Chris Chris stopper. We don't see Chris Chris stopper. Let's see. Here's what it says. Maybe you should say, yeah, maybe we should say comedy or drama or maybe we should make this a 40 part. What comedy did you watch more than any other movie? What drama did you watch? What sci-fi? No. No. No. It's, you know what, no matter what you do, like I've always said, it's never the right thing. It's kind of like with my mother, you know? No matter what you do, it's not the right thing. It's not the way you should have done it. You didn't ask her by question. Baba, Baba, Baba, Baba. Too bad. But she was a nice girl. Why didn't you like her? No, my mother never said that. No. Good morning. And we'll be. I can watch over and over again. Mel Brooks Space Balls. Okay. We got Space Balls on there. We're going to do that. How about Springtime for Hitler? Oh, the producers. We're going to talk about space for space for Hitler. Why not say a lot of Hitler talk these days for obvious reasons. Space Balls, okay? Jane. Our, listener and for a lot of Dale Jane says, just to prove we were point about censorship in USA. And in PR this morning, they had their letters from listeners. The announcer admitted they'd received a flood letters about a story. They did it about Halle Burton's bid free government contract. But the only letter they read was from one who said, what other company can handle the job? Then they went on to read two letters about Mr. Hooper on Sesame Street. Is that incredible? No. Very good. I've watched the most in that can still say enjoy it. It is blues brothers. Let's get that on there, okay? I saw that once. That was enough. And not that I don't like it, Jane. It was fine. How's John Adunis Day? Talked it. Poor John Bolusia. Fat, lots of drugs. Dead. So that was wondering if you may know whatever happened to a newscaster on CNN name, David Gutno. What? And she goes on, I have no idea who that is. I hope he's working in Cannibal. Good luck, Jane. Jane's great, but she always puts something on there. I have no idea what she's talking about. I saw gaslight, Jane. Okay. Believe me, you're not full on this kid. Although I do feel a little like Angry Birdman today. Technically, today for lunch, I'll go on. Give me a good steak. Well, did they burn Earth a steak? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T. Maybe I've been looking not quite as much as in Good Birdman. Here's a lady in Voighten Beach, hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi, I was just wondering if I could just breakfast at Disney's? How many times did you see that? Oh, probably at least 3 dozen times. Not 3 to man. Okay, you got it. Okay, thanks. Thanks for talking. I'll keep listening. Okay, thanks. Thanks. I'm talking. Breakfast at Tiffany's. Audrey Hepburn. I told you she was beautiful and inspired where you said she was scrawny. She was skinny. Bird lady. I'll tell you who else is scrawny is Jared Lito from Recreem for a dream. He's a good user couple of sandwiches. I was all know that smack. Well, okay. Is that the idea that he had like a buck down? Right. But that movie you might have to point there. Maybe he's not really that slim. Because I'll be honest to picture that you emailed me. See, this isn't going to go well for George's reputation, which is already suffering from all the earth. He's been on the show. It's like marginal and best whatever. But when he and Carlos are both emailing me pictures of the building guys. Let's see. Where is the picture? Where to call it? There he is. Yeah, see, he don't look like real scrawny in that picture. No. So we probably like bulk down. You probably wouldn't like on a caring carpet or diet for a couple of weeks. Mm-hmm. Because he had looked like real anorexic. Because when you're doing as many drugs, we shouldn't be saying all these things. We'll give it away. When you're doing as much of that crap as he was doing. And then he had that arm problem too, you know. Oh, my! Oh, talk about purple. Woo! Man, people veins. Mm-hmm, purple veins. Not just your ordinary kind of like purplish, but real purple veins and purple arm and purple. Well, you don't have that problem anymore with that arm. Just waiting for scenes with Lee Marvin, one of the best actor for this movie was worth watching this movie, at least 80 times. He's hilarious as a... Drunken gunslinger and cat blue. Got it? Got it? Got it? Not to be confused with catman do. Cat blue. Lee Marvin, great actor. He's been dead a long time. Can we die from? Smoking? Smoking. Long cancer. Ah, heavy smoker. Heavy, heavy duty. It says the scene at the end when he was supposed to rescue cat from the gallows. The idiot found him on his drug and horse. The horse leaned against the mercantile building with its leg cross said, your eyes. Marvin said what's wrong with me? Indian, they're all red bloodshot. Marvin, you ought to see him from my side. That's cute. Let's see, movies broadcast on TV. You bet of course. I can't take it against that. No, you must have seen it sitting down in a movie theater, but at least a whole bunch of seats. I've heard of me. Right. If so. And then to top that off, then they're adding insult to injury. He was too. Here she is. Beastmaster and back to the future. Ah. Should we put one of them on there? Well, because it's first beastmaster. Okay. Okay. I wish I should smith can. But yeah broadcast on TV counts. Okay. How do you spell cat blue? C-A-T-B-L-E-W. B-L-U-E. B-A-L-L-O-U. Beiner boy. Got it. Oh, wouldn't it be it? Oh, yeah. Yeah, that out of here. Mania. Movie I've watched the most times is take a man with such a sharpness. And do we have that on there? I thought we did that. I thought we did too. We didn't. You see it? I was talking about Gerald and Heston. Maybe we just, I don't know. We screwed up. Well, today I'm going to put that in there because otherwise we'd like, we'd have a slighted portrait. Oh, there it is. It's just got five votes. It's on there. Okay. Maybe I just didn't write it down. But this has five votes. Godfather was got 39. Star Wars 20. Wizard of Oz 19. Christmas story 13. It's a wonderful life. Nine. Whether you want to or not. I mean, it's like for the two weeks before Christmas. That's not every five minutes. In fact, I think it's a law now since Bush got in every year. They have to show it a whole bunch of times every Christmas. Not third man. At least that's the minimum. National Ampunes Vacation 7, 10 Commandments 6. That's six votes. Like I just said, draw six. Catty check five. Never watched any movie more than once five. I mean, you know, to eat its own. Now, you know, I'll tell you another aspect of this, which I'm sorry that I brought up. But since I've facts about the, um, for this Neil, the Hector says a friend told me to seem to the parting of the Red Sea was done with Joe. Let's ask Charlton. You son of a bitch. Oh, that's ready. Probably forgot. That's that terrible. Or he looked really bad at that. I remember last week we both saw him on the news where he was doing a party thing at the NRA dottering. He looked really shot. I mean, shot like that. But he looked really bad. Horrible. Uh, but the, the part of making movies that you saw in the movie theater more than one. Now, that's not the pull question. See, I shouldn't even mention it because that'll cloud the issue, I mean, if you're already trying to murky murky the waters up anyway. You see, I mean, obviously there are movies that are that great that when a first came out back in those days anyway, back like in the 70s. You never saw them would be on TV for years, if ever. I like it is now. We didn't have those show time and HBO all as stuff. Uh, so if you want to see movie again, you'd go back and see it again, like sometimes the next day was so good. I can't think of any of that I ever did that with. But there are people who did. I think that there were people who went to see the extra just again, right? Just didn't get their Philopee soup the first time. I hate piece soup. Never watched the movie more than one. Five, two thousand one space out of see five clockwork orange. You got for there. Cook was nested three gone with a wind tree. Life of Brian three beetles used three for as Vuelos day off three. Multi-spelkin three. Aspencher of pet detective three. Fast times of reach, my eyes got two. So I have a lot more than that. Christmas Carol one. And none yet for fear of loading in Vegas. The extra system or oceans he lemon. The extra system has no votes. Oh my god, somebody's going to have to vote for that. Wouldn't you think? You'd think. You think that they get the feeling right now that they'd be on their way to their computer immediately with not sooner. Where to hell is it? That's a power of Christ to hell you. The power of Christ to hell you. The power of Christ to hell you. The power of Christ to hell you. The power of Christ to hell you. The film we yell at you. Okay. Five, six, seven, five, sixty pound five, sixty on the AT&T and Verizon line. I tell you one thing this week has just flown by. You know, since those great numbers came out. They really flew by and, for somebody who was told me about that the the ratings party couple of nights ago. Oh, you know what? Hank yesterday made a comment. I was in here doing my work and I'll open a pot to see if he's on. He's okay. It's a sounded fine. And he made a comment that was the lowest budget ratings party. He'd ever seen it was a low budget place and it was really crap. And he was a monongronn. Now was he bonding with Mo at that party or not? Hank was entering as I was leaving. So I didn't see what happened once he got in there. You missed all the good stuff. That's where he wanted to hear about. Sorry. There's all my leaves. Hey, Hank. George wants to apologize. He had a hot drug deal going, you know, he had to be there at a certain time in Liberty City. So it's just one of them things. He had a monomusy's, uh, David. He had like a hot date and David. 1057 at 560 WQM. Oh, that's right. I forgot it was our friend. In David. Oh, that was his name? Ed. He likes a wise book. He's a place you ought to have a date with to go and stock up on all kinds of stuff for your low carb diet. If you're one of those people on the weekends or any of the other, there is it in low carb diets. This is a super store for you and all they have is an item strictly for you. Nothing else. They're introducing right now. They're new almond snack cakes by control carb. They come in blueberry banana or classic almond. Each serving is only one effect of the gram carbs or sample delights new chocolate raspberry muffin with only one gram of carbs. If you like to crunch something chunk crunchy and chunky and chewy, try one of the three new flavors of low carb bracket chips open wide for chunky. So whether it's carbolite ice cream, Brad's rolls, cheesecake, chocolate, pasta and sauces are ready to have the 600 low carb foods. The lights of us book is a story you're going to fall in love with because everything in there like I said is for you. You can always try it before you buy it too to make sure you like it. They've got an eligible staff. They know dieting inside and outside backward forward upside down. They're open every day seven days a week, 10 to 10. They create the most complete line of actions, brands, products of any story you'll find and even the best part is. The Atkins products are always 25% off all day every day. So I put the number one low carb sugar free store in the university. Lights of us book a you'll find them on the northeast corner of glaze in 441 right next to the Boston market. Or call them tool free 1 877 low carb. Check them out of the web if you like it low carb dot com. Don't forget there's only one the lights of us book it. You're official atkins retail center. My life and low. This is for sure you'll find six. You win anyway. Why do you. Preston. It's new and it's at Burger King. Godfather trilogy action figures. They're fun for the whole family. Collect all 10 mob action figures with each wiper fries and super large drain. And that's a super large drink. No exceptions. Get sunny in his favorite garbage can. So you can beat the crap out of Carlo after he punches out sunny sister or get the bullet brittle body of sunny after he gets it at the jersey. And he's going to get the bullet. Wow. Isn't that great and press all your friends with the dawn himself. I'll make him an offer. He can't refuse. So start organizing your neighborhood now and get the Godfather action figures. Remember it's only business and it's at Burger King. Don't forget that movie. I don't care how many take over any what. Greats fall. Come on. Come out of the wood. I'm German Irish. Why don't you tell you something. My crock. My friend. I'm going to make so much trouble for you. You won't know what it was. Come a lawyer. I'm not threatened. I know almost every big lawyer I knew he or her. Who the hell are you? What are you going to do? Nice college boy. They want to give me stuff in the family business. And now you want to go down a police cap and watch. He's slapped you in a face a little bit. What do you think? This is the only way you shoot him on my way. You got to get a post like this. The thing you blow that brains a little bit in my side. You're like suit. Come in. You're taking a sparing person. Smurled. I thought your brain was going to start. That's hard. That's hard. Let me say it right away. I'm a soul of my grandchildren. But I will not be able to break the peace we've made today. What am I ever done to make you take me so to speak? 11 or two or five or sixty WQA. I'm history of the world part two. Somebody says part one. Okay. Got some suggestions. That's a suggestion from any other person. I think you're important. Suggestions from inside the building. Yeah. Scarface. Okay. And the road warrior. The road warrior? Ahead. Okay. My concupers city which says nothing to the pool. I'm assuming all the were very movie intensive this week. A movie you must see is catch twenty two. Somebody mentioned earlier. And I said it should have been yesterday's for the best ending. The best anti-war anti-apocracy movie ever made. Not a great cast. Performances in. Oh, it's got a great cast. I'm going to show you how to make a cast. I'm going to show you how to make a cast. I'm going to show you how to make a cast. I'm going to show you how to make a cast. I'm going to show you how to make a cast. I'm going to show you how to make a cast. I'm going to show you how to make a cast. I'm going to show you how to make a cast. I'm going to show you how to make a cast. I'm going to show you how to make a cast. I'm going to show you how to make a cast. I'm going to show you how to make a cast. I'm going to show you how to make a cast. I'm going to show you how to make a cast. I'm going to show you how to make a cast. I watched Pretty Woman with Richard Gear and Julia Roberts a lot. I would watch it except Richard Gearson. It's why I will not watch it period. But we'll put it on there. Pretty woman. We do like Roy the Boy though. How's Roy Robertson doing? Still dead? Groundhog Day. And it lasted here three times because it's a little repetitious. The dirty dozen. I'm not even writing these down anymore. I'm just assuming you're writing. Yeah. I got writers cramped. The dirty dozen. The hunt for Red October says how many times can TV show the same movie in one month about a third man? Every time I'm flipping through the channels there it is. And after stopping and watching says David in addition, Alec Baldwin should have continued the time fancy series instead of that lame old Harrison Ford. I don't be picking on Harrison Ford. He's, you know, he ain't no Alec Baldwin. But he's pretty good. He is lame and old though. What's the movie we were talking about yesterday with Harrison Ford? That was so damn good. I forgot. What was the, what, what, what lies beneath? Well, lies beneath. That's the one. And he's right. He's going to old and, what do you say, old and lame. Now he was good in that movie. A lot of good underwater scenes. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16, palm 5, 60 on the AT&T Verizon line. Godfather, one's got 46. What movie have you watched the most time Star Wars 24? I'm even close. Not even a contest. Wizard of Oz 21, a Christmas story 14. Airplane 13. It's a wonderful life 10. What do you want to see it or not? There it is over and over. So corny. God almighty. But it's Jimmy Stewart. So it's got to be good, right? Yes. Hmm. Can we check 10? 10 commandments eight. Jaws eight. National Anthemification eight. A clockwork orange six. 2000 want to space out of these six. Work on a dialogue. First viewers day off five. Never watched. What? What? You can't complain about the dialogue because there isn't any. Never watched any movie more than one still five. Fast times of Ridge Mountain High is moving up five. Melty's Falcon four. The excess has got coal. Gone with a win three. Life of Brian three. I'll tell you this. If I was to pick three, which I'd be like, you know, doing like everybody else is doing. Godfather one will be number one. Network could be number two and I think excesses would be number three. I watched it again like about a month ago. When I first got the DVD player three weeks. Is that the one with the missing scenes or the added? Yeah. Say added. Oh yeah. The one more she comes down to stairs backwards. That was the only one that I really thought did anything for it. All that superimposed pezuzu. I could have done it without. Pezuzu. That was that demon that they kept showing. Oh yeah. That was no big deal. But when she came down to stairs backwards. Yeah. That's kind of treating with her hands like her arms were like over the her. I don't know how to explain it. That was a great compliment. That was a great compliment. Yeah. She was great. Nobody gives her any credit for that. And nobody, whatever happened. But James is like huh? But James gave her a lot of credit. Yeah. Yeah. No, they were doing it for a while there a lot. They were doing it a lot. They were doing everything. How do you know that? It's big news. Right. What am I missing? What am I missing? I thought they were missing. They got in toward thing they both. So how do you know that we're doing it a lot? What is that? How many times a day? I've heard of that. What are we talking about? They were doing it a lot. Yeah. That's what they said. Well, great. I'm very static for him. I'm pleased this punch that we're doing it a lot. But seriously, whatever happened, her she vanished. She just disappeared. She made some movies. Remember you were talking about one of those ones that she did. Is not a fact of spoof of the exercises. Right. That was cute. I'll repossess. Was that it? Right. That was good. She made some bad low budget movies where she showed her boobs, which we all appreciate. Here's one of the good to bat in the ugly. A few of them. A lot to need, bro. It's very good. Got it? Good to bat in here, me? Wow. Wow. And in fact, Dan Drunkenbrew. What the hell was the name he used on the ear? That was a good idea. I was like, I'm not sure if he was going to be a good guy. I'm not sure if he was going to be a good guy. I'm not sure if he was going to be a good guy. I'm not sure if he was going to be a good guy. I'm not sure if he was going to be a good guy. I'm not sure if he was going to be a good guy. I'm not sure if he was going to be a good guy. I'm not sure if he was going to be a good guy. I'm not sure if he was going to be a good guy. I'm not sure if he was going to be a good guy. I'm not sure if he was going to be a good guy. I'm not sure if he was going to be a good guy. I'm not sure if he was going to be a good guy. I'm just answering the question, which is really quite a reach with this crowd. After reaching out and just slap him in a head. Like how much? That's kind of a quiet slap on her too. You're going to talk a lot. I'm going to talk. Now you're in T.F. Sinatra would have been the room. He'd probably slap an alarm higher in the side of the head. Or had somebody else do a forum. Here's a lady in Cooper City. Hello. Good how are you? Good how you doing. I'm doing really well. I have seen ghost busters a zillion times. I can do the dialogue. I love that movie. It's just one of those movies that stays with you. You can just crack off a line from the movie in any situation. I vote for that one. Hands down. Okay. Thanks. Have a great day. You too. You know, I'm thinking this. I'm embarrassed to say this because I pride myself. I know one so much of the dialogue from all three of the god fathers. But that line that she brings back in godfather three that I'm always chastizing your kinises Michael. Now they will fear you. Now where do they actually say that in the first one? I'm thinking now they will fear you. Ah. Gotcha. I'll get somebody in the audience. We'll know we have a lot of godfather experts out there. Somebody will know. I'm embarrassed because we should know that. Yeah, we should. Now they will fear you. We got them broke over there. Don't forget your custelo noon to two that they'd Verizon wireless 3333 north federal highway in Papino. Staff I'd get some free Marlon tickets for tonight's game and some other Marlon Some crap. But stop I say I had to do and some to put you up just a little bit. One or two notches on it should be good. Put you up just a little bit. We don't have too many 10 year old's list in three four in a morning. Okay. I just mentioned it. I'm not trying to interfere. Okay. Santino. Don't interfere. Morgana King. Oh, let's hear it. You see if you keep hanging away enough over and over. I find me. Mama Corlio and a more organic King. Who was so great. And I think she died. Here's pepper pines. Hello. Yeah. Yes sir. Hey. Have all seen pines. I'm not stuck. Excuse me. J. J. Oh, J. Insan and Bob. Oh, those two goofballs. Okay. You see that image in times. I've been waiting times. And it keeps getting funnier. Okay. Have a great weekend pal. You'll need it. J. Insan and Bob strike back. Hmm. Now I will say this. I still am trying to figure out what they were doing in an afro man video. But somebody will tell me. You're ready to tell me. Yeah. Online one that got the answer to the. To where that line came from. You forgot about the afro man movie with a J. Insan and Bob in it. The afro man movie. The video. I never saw the video. Sorry to that. Where do you think we got the audio from Mr. Well, I guess he's he's doing so many of it. He's starting to get normal cancer in real now. Here's somebody with the answer to our question. Hello. Yes. Hi. Great. I have the answer to your question. Okay. The opening scene when he's dealing with the. Undertaker anyone. And Undertaker wants to have the. You know, a commission for. Who was under his daughter. And he said if you would come to me. To the police and the few. Right. You know, when he. Because he said then they will. Yeah, and then they would hear you. Then they was. You're not. Now. Right. Then they was. See, and I should know that because I just got through a plan. What are you? What are you? What are you? You know, I think that. I'm not. I'm not. Thank you so much. I'll save me from the whole weekend because we had the line wrong anyway. Although that's what that's what Jesus in five out of the three kind of His is Michael now they will fear you when he turns around and looks at her. It says maybe they should fear you. And then it's so. It's so lame. It's so sad and you want to cry. I mean, I still say it's a highly underrated movie. It's got a lot of good stuff in here. It's got too much of the truth that the people like Dennis can handle. But it's just really great. But they did so many things to try to destroy it. And I think effectively they did a good job. Including her with a big shnaz. And the corny lines and bring it back lines. We've been through this a million times. Bring it back lines from the other two that don't fit in at all. Maybe they ought to fear you. And see that that's part of his, you know, he's sticking. And where he does stuff that's just so. So lame, you know. He can be so brilliant. And then I have a hand, do things that he just isn't such a way. Like we're watching a comedy movie, you know. Hey, here's the funny. Godfather. Here's the comedian gangsters. They're a panic. 1113. In fact, I probably their victims are lightly killed. What do you think? Oh, yeah. 1113 at five, 60 WQM. The number one Asian buffet restaurant is the air mode coast. They're in sunrise, North Miami Beach. And their newest location is in prestigious Pemberg Pines. And will coast is the perfect place to put a smile on that special lady in your life. Your mom this mother's day Sunday may 11th. Start that mouth-audering watering experience with six different soups. Then sample doesn't the second and on phrase New York strip made a word of the gourmet center. A sizzling Asian grill with grilled shrimp scampy style. Jumbo scallops wrapped in bacon. Dungeon is craved in ginger and scallions and handcar primer and lots more. And we should have looked for the a new Oriental chicken salad too. Don't forget no crap in the cooking of the Emerald Coast, no MSG, no cornstarch, and they use only cholesterol freeores and all the cooking at the Emerald Coast. The buffet there features a full salad bar, sushi bar and fresh shrimp cocktail as well. And because you're mom deserves it, Emerald Coast features a full dessert station, featuring pies and tastes pastries ice cream with all your favorite toppings. The perfect ending to where gigantic feast on mothers day mama will water out there. What a big smile on her post. Emerald Coast three locations in sunrise. They're on Pineapple at a 44th street. They're on Collins Avenue, just north of 160-3rd Street, North Miami Beach. And you also find the Emerald Coast of the intersection of the Mingle and Pemberg Roads. In Pemberpind, be sure and book right now for mothers day because obviously reservations are very limited. All size parties are welcome. So let's end with the cooking for you on Mother's Day at the Emerald Coast. Take out the living available to call 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22. 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22. A great place to take the ladies in your life this Sunday for mothers day. The Emerald Coast Chinese before. And look all this is for 205-6. You wait and you wait and you have. I thought Joey sucked. Hey who you looking at? Who? Yes, lie is in the case. You can't look directly at me. You cannot look in his eyes. If you do your job goes by by. He'd say, when I come in a room you leave it to leave without turning around. It's no one done they did last that long. You're smart enough. The first last one done no job. The first last one done no job. The first last one done no job. The first last one done no job. The first last one done no job. The first last one done no job. The first last one done no job. The first last one done no job. The first last one done no job. The first last one done no job. The first last one done no job. The first last one done no job. The first last one done no job. The first one done no job. Oh, he's somebody says Rocky, let's get Rocky on this because a lot of people I also were talking about tagging Shire So why not about Connie right put Rocky on here then they will fear you okay somebody says the sound of music The hills are alive with the sound of music They were tied I beg your pardon never side any deer and I don't watch musicals I got no baggage in my life without saying to watch music. Oh, Rain Man I've seen that a couple of times fear four Man, no, but the way though By the way something yeah, thank you South Alcoine for bringing us some more water. Thanks, Sal Let's see I understand that old bags and young beaners don't like Westerns, but I vote for tombstone have a nice day in paradise It says From Howard That's cute Tombstone okay perfect remote. I don't put that on it's a joke. I say and why did you fast me the gym Something I already mentioned at the beginning of the show that they wasted a lot of time talking about this and guilty was hypervettled in this morning Why would he even dignify this with a response or if I'm not gonna talk about this About two in personalities and about the outrageous hey, Sarney like I said you ugly or an idiot You wouldn't know already assured they stuck it up your ass, but we'll give it a shot. Okay, get lost Go right about something you know about which is certainly has nothing to do with the broadcasting Well, what a different well. I mean, why haven't talked about it? The broadcast columns and the sports broadcast columns they have in the newspaper is here as opposed to the juvenile sophomore at crap Your reading software Here we got four major daily newspapers Our software has got two marginal papers that the turquoise jump out of a cage when you try to put in there in the bottom they jump right out Godfather 157 votes star wars 32 Wizard of Oz 24 Christmas story 16 I'm only gonna give it to ones with ten or more Caddy-shack 13 airplane 13 jaws 12. It's a wonderful life 11 and the 10 commandments has 10 See we better than that commandments had like 12 Well, or yeah, that would be really bad, but it's got 10 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T Verizon Wireless line What movie have you watched the most times what one movie have you watched more than any other movie in your life in the theater on a TV on a in an airplane at the child as a child as an adult as a human being from the time you were born until this moment right now till his second Got it have I made myself clear. No, well, let me try it again Here's a call for Miami. Hello Amy are you doing okay, sir The I have out the guilty wheels of low jocce wheels excellent Really, we've time the time yeah, I ever saw it Do you never saw it? No, I'm believe oh Man, George is probably seen it like 20 times at least Thought about it man, okay, man, it's honor. Thank you. I'll lower the ring Like I said it's on there. Thank you He's there. He started to move on to other Lord of the Ring. He's moving on to other names now See, I was so impressed there because you said you're absolutely seen but and then he started with a Directive at a letter on or you probably name another ones now what one movie have you seen more than any movies What one flavor of ice cream? Good God, it's so hard. It's it's just uh it's mind boggling how difficult is it is so hard your right sweetheart hard is a rock Don't start talking about that Aaron again now I think that being a word probably washes every time I mention that name I can't see from here I almost can the infrared glow coming from his post Expect people to believe yeah 567 0560 palm 560 on the AT and C and Verizon wireless light he protests too much on that thing here's tamarack hello Tamarack hello yes sir Yeah, I didn't understand the question Neil but uh had it I've got no one's gonna be the godfather Yeah, no one's gonna beat that but I was gonna so I know you're gonna pews away if I say Billy Bob Thornton I didn't even know who he was It's swing blade with my first Before that other call I said the bunch but I would say the most I'd say is the one of the first Columbus Which ties in with Leslie Nielsen in the sense that I've watched it so many times it puts me to sleep and But swing blade I watched so many times that Yeah, it's just a fascinating mistake Okay, thanks Oh, we're fine Now what he say Sting blade 567 0560 pound 560 on the AT and T and Verizon wireless line Here's a call from Carl Springs hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. Listen, what about bathing saddle What about it? Is that yours? Yeah, that's my favorite one. Do we have that on there? George that's how we had that on there. We do. Oh, it is already okay. I didn't hear it before that's why What about one more? I asked one more? No, no Well, why do they do this? Why do they keep doing this? What is wrong with you people? Don't you understand the answer is you can't do more than one Crank it up So that's the drive you up here I hate this place nothing works here Can I have one more no no two more no five more how many more not good man Come some people Have you noticed I should point out It's Friday. Yeah, yeah, have we had one person well, I'm not talking about that Obviously, I've noticed very alertly and enthusiastically Have an at one person call in said they saw correctly on for a dream which we just plan some music there right happiness As a result of us talking about the right thing we bully what are some of the other ones we talked about Memento which I still haven't watched and one guy says if you get to the first 15 minutes. It'll be a miracle How about the Minnesota wild by the way. Oh, it's gone Air boys To mention that I know you're very hockey intensive wild-up sets Vancouver right there in Vancouver last I coming from two goals down and win it for the three And they're go to the semi finals the conference finals. What the networks are crap in their pants. Oh, brother The Minnesota wild the anti-mighty ducks Ottawa senators and they very terminally boring new jersey devil That's the final four the ratings are dropping like our like a rock Man NHL's in big big trouble deep crab you can smell it Very sad great sport but bad leadership Gary Batman Bob good nine all a bunch of idiots A lot of greedy goofballs out there guys the guys that be out there shoveling snow in the middle of July somewhere Way to hell up north by the Arctic Circle these guys are getting paid seven eight and midnight million dollars a year Couldn't spell George's name if they're like to pin it on it with a G or a J or than H And there you go Not kidding enough well we don't want no salary cap. We don't mind by telling us a limit on what we can make okay Whatever you guys say okay good luck to you good luck to you shoveling crap How do you like that a qualifying race in 151 and one can you believe there? What What funny sit go talk to Chris Christophe who about a maybe Randy well wait pulls us straight now 26 past 11 at five sixty WQM the Neil deals just keep rollin long just like And the case signs go rollin long so to the Neil deals at Hall of Pontiaco talk to our good buddies Tom Lim and Joe Pareto and all the nice folks at Hall of Pontiac GMC you'll enjoy car shop and Because they treat you like a mince here the special Neil deals waiting for you right now Neil deal number one gets 0% financing for 60 months on every 2003 Pontiac or GMC in stock Neil deal number two get up to a $4,000 rebate on every 2003 Pontiac in stock Get up to a $4,000 rebate on every 2003 car truck in stock and a Tension current in former military first now get additional $750 rebate from your friends at Hallett and of course Like always as a tremendous selection of certified pre-owned cars trucks and SUVs that you'll fall in love with and if other Cardivers say you're credit sucks They don't care how the will cut you deal some ways somehow even if you want to do depot don't forget to stop by Hallett and test drive the all new and powerful Pontiac Grand Prix while you're at it too Hallett Pontiac GMC they're unbelievable they're unbeatable they're 134-1 South-to-C highway in the open seven days a week too that's US one right across from the falls for more info on those Neil deals called the Neil deal hotline tool free one Triple 8 53442 11 that's one Triple 8 53442 11 Keep in mind all Neil deals subject credit approval see dealer for details Hallett Pontiac GMC even a competition agrees they are professional great Come out too long you think I'm a sparing person Okay, watch him be showCHoff THE Both of us wouldander team up into worse But I gotta tell you, I said what to this way I hope the matter, and remember how you stay Oh, I think I gotta screw it up, screw it up The reality of TV, watch, I see, Till the day I call it TV, feel the boat All over again I know, say, the friend Find out if you're wearing a thin thin I pray in, at church, from little kids to church But say, my soul, I even like it in the cold Extreme wake over, your millionaire and all you have Don't need no laughter, no need no strength, only no power I think I gotta screw it up, screw it up The reality of TV, watch, I see, till the day I call it TV, feel the boat All over again I know, say, my soul, I see, till the day I call it TV I want to be brothers, stay, I'll screw it up Oh, 3327-0, not 560, and candy trick I do like to see Where he and Bob Barker get into that brawl I don't wanna go, of course, is that candy shack? Isn't it? No. That's not how he's doing movie, that's a happy Gilmore you're talking about Oh, a happy Gilmore, like I said, happy Doug Gilmore Hang it up by the way, Dougie What am I getting confused about the golf movie scene? Right, they're all the same. Now here's one, how about animal house? We better get that on there right away because certainly on QAM I would say animal house If we had the sports or it's voting animal house and candy shack Just be everything else hands down Right, okay, because if you tune in any of our sports shows, Any tendons they're talking movies, you they don't talk about the godfather Certainly not about network, any of the stuff we're hearing about today They talk about animal house and candy shack And maybe on happy Gilmore You'd be unhappy too if you turper or need an afrish game back Anyway, here's one going my way with big crossbeat Oh, I watched it every year at Christmas and I cry every time Got it going my way? Okay Don't sound hostile now, I'm not Yes you are, is he hostile? Yes In your pool, why is there an apostrophe in the blues brothers? Oh, I don't do the spell, it says the blues with a because ericin idiot Or probably beiner boy done it Huh? Sure, why not? Who's responsible for the spelling on that? There's no apostrophe in the blues brothers Sing in the blues with an apostrophe The St. Louis blues with apostrophe, come on It says his Eric and a literate check ass Or just a shmit head Well, we'll take a poll Or is it beiner boy? Like I said, look at the paper Now he hurts very fussy about the spelling Even though he screws it up most of the time So he he'll mind being corrected on that unless it's beiner boy That's correct him Then he gets really hostile, starts eating just frustration Eating just jamming it down his push Here's one, bachelor party says Peter, my me beach bachelor party Would Tom Hanks never saw it, never heard of it But Peter says he seen it Not third man? I see it in times You see it? I see it And it was okay, I can't imagine seeing it more than Otherwise, but whatever Okay, now sling blade now we already had sling blade from that Incoherent collar moments ago But here's the monkey around man Maybe that was him before doing a voice The monkey man Sling blade is as I've seen it about a hundred times Billy Bob Thornton he wrote directed and started a movie He says he's stared in a movie It's fantastic movie heartwarming and compelling Go see it, superb What do you mean go see it? Go see it We're not going to go see it Living room over there Okay Is that count? Sure Okay, we got that under sling blade I'm not like I said I'm even writing to many of these Now because the list is out of control now Start it out with Not third man That's more like 300 But that's okay I knew there would be a lot on here Different strokes for different folks We're in 25 movies I mean votes Look at the list of ones that don't have any votes yet Which are for the life of me Oceans 11 and somebody did say that You listed a goddamn tape, okay I think you're a team in up with Tom Jerka Try to get him to write something about you Did he ever write anything about you? Oh, remember there was that one article where you were grooming me Because the show is like Fitty Fitty now Oh yeah, I got it Wait a minute I got it here I got it here Maybe I finally split candid I must have posted it I was getting real yellow and still kind of like Tom's head And that's right I'm grooming George like filling I'm just going to call in the show For many were on a roll Is the mood strikes me right And I'm going to pay And then there was that the same story about Greg I got to have you know how he ought to have sleepless nights Because he's never going to know what I asked for Next that was the same column Right What I'm going to demand if she's not asked for what I'm going to demand next Did I demand this studio here? No Tom, it's just amazing to me to lack of a concept You have a why I'm going to go into it, you know He's just it's so frustrating Which is why I won't talk to those bozos anymore Because you tell him one thing You try to explain to me to try to be like you know right up front And then they write something whatever they want to write anyway Oh, gee, but I wrote no things about you Yeah, but how about write something accurate for once, okay Just write that I'm a miserable prick that would make me happy Tom Write something about the guy they went a reading book You're in town Why not write something about something And give somebody some information Unlike him and bastard Who just writes about here's the top 10 12 plus Wow That's really pretty heavy to do You're just Tom Chica Which is just passed along to the LN mail But the reason I call was that I thought maybe you could help me I haven't trying to get those guy damn rating Tough Lindsey's guy in Hong Kong I said gosh, Darryl, this is he doesn't have a authority to give me You know call Greg Rita couldn't get him So you know, then there's the last time they gave me was to call you If somebody would give me the guy damn rating though I'll be very calm Wait a second Tom Anyway, I'm only kidding, but that is the problem And I do want to do a story on him And I'm just having trouble getting him so I'll talk to you by Yeah, if I talked to a Tom will be on a 10th or a night after the Marlon baseball game I hope you people give him more for okay Let him have it Let him have it Tom that we're all fired up and pissed off about his refusal to deal with the fact I mean, I mean, I'll finally had a decent book finally We've been waiting over a year for this or I'm a year Finally has a decent book there in a morning The Humper went back up a little bit Yeah, pretty good all the Schmidt the Schmidt might do Just beat the Schmidt out of me, you know this? Yeah, well wartime Mm-hmm War time rush time But anyway, there's a lot of stuff going on But little Tommy, you'll never get it from him You never get into truth from these two newspapers and softball You can beat your life on it You didn't bet time jick is life on it, okay And I'm telling you, even the guy that introduced the resolution of the Broadcommission who called us Randy whatever was name was the lawyer Which he'd probably busy with a life But you would think that he would have written him a letter Letter to the editor saying how come what you buried this story He didn't put it in some major story and all the other newspaper How come that's not in there? Who's to say that he didn't? Yeah, he was going to be my next point In fact, maybe he did and they're just selectively not putting letters in there You put talk about managing and burying the news Now you'll give a crap on anybody tells you that's a major story It's a hell of a lot bigger story than some jackass loudmouth talk show host with a gigantic ego Is getting maybe tossed off and maybe not from the diversity board Which has got a whole bunch of members on it Yeah, which should undo a dancing anyway It was just a figurehead bunch of crap got a little Brian Craig on there Oh, Steve, can I be just like you, Steve? Can I be a right wing hateful piece of crap like you, Steve? Oh my god, scandalous Scandalous, but that's the level they deal on, you know It's just that's the level they operate on Two of the worst god damn newspapers in the history You know, what was his name Gutenberg then when the printing press right he would take it back He'd say, you know something if I knew that they were going to put two newspapers out like that I would hide it, I'd bury it I'd put it right down in a basement there with a spaceship but Tommy's house Tom Walling's house But I don't forget just Tuesday night All you a pervert shot through Tuesday nights the flesh night and actually he was kiss and lawn on a preview It's about time talk about a little bit slow I think even in my lifetime I kiss more girls than then the car can't I'm telling you And if I fact I know it for a fact You know don't just stand there holding your hand Clark, I mean just looking or any eye just reach over and give her a little peck on a cheek something It'll be super Man That was there a common that he has a wife, you know Who does Tom Walling? He does? Yeah, since when he must have just got married I don't know, was it one of those inquires the latest ones? Are you serious? The fucking bad Oh no The fucking bitch I wonder what they'll talk about that a lot For the same reason they don't talk about Josh Morris got a wife now too since Dan Stewart was on our show that day Oh, we're fine Hey, for a mother's day and he's got a wife and babies pop it out of there like crazy like two every five months Just to really try to prove it Anyway, it's a perfect time with mother's day on Sunday to repay mom who spent so many sleepless nights pacing the forrest watering If you're nasty, yes, whatever come home again Dottom actress has the perfect mattress for your mom so she can get a great night sleep If it's saggy, lumpy or just worn out then call our friends at Dottom actress and get it all straight enough for 1 800 mattress 1 800 mA TTRES Dottom actress has a complete line of all the top manufacturers in the world They got sort of silly king corals and Simmons to choose from You're sure it's how the mom's mom sleep on some lumpy a worn out thing that you wouldn't put your ass on So do something about it Nothing's got a bigger impact on your life each and every day in the way you feel that a great night sleep Call 1 800 mattress. I always do it. You ought to be doing it too. It's easiest way to shop or anything in your lifetime Dottom actress gets more repeat and referral customer. Oh, and I found something I can't tell you this a new candy Uh-oh Dottom, let me forget my Dottom. I'm not I just just thought on me I don't want to do this to be honest because you'll be able to get it there You know how they have these when you know score bars right How they have these bags of like there are Reese's peanut butter What do they call those things? They're like M&M's. They're like in plastic bags. Reese's pieces Reese's pieces. Yes, and now they have score pieces In other words, they're it would charge their round like Oh my god, yeah Anyway, Dottom actress gets more repeat referral customers than anybody else because they know how to treat their customers right once you buy a mattress Dottom actress you'll never go back to a show or again, and don't forget when you buy a mattress and Dottom actress This is one of the best deals not only do they show up on time when you want them to be but they also set up and move the old betting for free Let me say it again Dottom actress sets up your great news a fancy fancy betting and takes away the crappy old sort of betting for free So this mother's day have mommy sleep in like a baby on a great new bed from Dottom actress gives her tickets available all the nominations to so call right now There's still time call 1 800 mA TTR ES that's 1 800 mattress the for Dottom actress the easy and intelligent way to get you a great night sleep Why do you best Mr. Mouse Wapah how are you doing the knee? What do you mean sir? Why am I reading in the paper you're gonna put a Disney theme park in Brooklyn? Well, sir, we're just scouting locations Jesus, I'm scouting CEOs you are killing me But what sir, we've done with New York County Times Square 20 seconds free Hey, no We're all about you Quentin Raymas Get the blue burn on here Okay, boss If the fire puts sir look what we don't admit down Manhattan 42nd Street is incredible I know what publicly I support it that but you took all the point away you're telling me I'm going through a gavel scom like kids We're just scouting areas calm down We're going to be butt-munched don't tell me to calm down We've got lucky with Lea Rowan stitch 128 million dollars Now you're trying to ruin the whole network We're kind of programming are you running? Hang on a minute The big dude Dream us Yeah, you're got blue burn crap all over your shoulder It's way to shut up for heaven's sake And can't open up your planer Good Good Sir the network is fine Can you come up with American Idol? Good God, you're still running James Bob movie There's 60 years old Why don't you just put steam by rolling on and be done with it We sell it make a couple of damn dollars Well the movie division's fine You mentioned we will in stitch and now we have the new M. Night Chumman movie coming out later this summer Oh, I know signs What the hell does that mean Stop sign yield sign You're going to start swinging some of these titles pass me Please Dream us Dream us Get evil I know you can hear me Dream us You're still running a bunch of crap Here's a lot more to run to make sure Don't hear me Let's take that blue burn stuff All right I sir Yes sir I'd be very careful next time I started my car Why were you? What do you mean? What? What? Sir, I'll put handle stone in your job Put sir You're terrible I'm sorry They're not put women in there I don't want to get a poison in a busy remiss Oh my What a wonderful day Get out of here you nut bag That's still a best one No doubt Come on it's still new and boy We got faxes up the ass here now Can we say a rectum at the ass? I did something terrible I hate to limit this And I wouldn't have to tell you because you never know Yeah After that came into my mind again about these score bites Is what they're called? Yeah I went into the other room I went into my trash bag And I dug down to the bottom and here's the I mean it's empty of course But here's the package A score bites is what they're called Buttery Tuffy crunch and robed in rich milk chocolate In robed Scor bites You've never had these No don't start You can take fish food You can take nestlies A turtle You can take all those other things And toss them down at hole in the floor And Paris and your hotel That hole in the floor Because score bites Oh God are these They're so rich and so You know how score and heath bars are like bravery rich real sweet Well that's what these are And what makes it even worse Which I also don't have to admit But I'm Are you looking at them? I'm sniffing you What? No it's still got to smell that stuff in there Are you kidding me? It's only from two days ago The aroma Wow How does somebody else do? I'll just tell them to say it's a SARS mask It's a fancy It's a fact if you turn it around It's just silver on the inside That's my SARS mask Oh my god Is that Let me get rid of it Alright until one o'clock I'm going to go run out and get about four bags more Okay back to our pool The poll question is which I forget already What movie have you watched the most time And you know something I have already started I'll save the facts in a minute A nation of cowards Oh please Yeah Told ya Sydney Hall Jr. wrote this No relation to a Joe Marsh Jr Sydney Hall Jr. is a poet and publisher who lives in New Hampshire And he writes a nation of cowards For a brief moment after 911 We recognize some genuine heroes in our midst Those who put their lives online to rescue strangers And those who put their own needs in the back of needs of others in the middle of tragedy The celebration of this heroism may have become a little gody But it was sincere Since then we seem to have become a nation of cowards celebrating illusions There was a person who in reaction to the devastation of 911 There's not act with four parents Curiosity to understand the root cause And as a world leader instead he lashes out at blurry targets But more force than we were met with This is not the act of a brave man This is the act of a coward There is a senator who sees his country yawing Dangerously off course And for the first time in its history of using its power openly and shamelessly The senator says nothing though he knows better Because he's afraid of an emotional backlash If he engages in rational discussion He's afraid he'll lose the next election This is the act of a coward There's a citizen who's unable to think He succumbs to fear believes every scary story he hears By his duct tape for his doors and windows When a bit of thinking would tell him he's in more danger from getting into his car This is the act of a coward There's a journalist who knows there are young children dying in hospitals in Iraq With their bodies horribly disfigured as the result of our country's doings And he will not show pictures of these children So that people can weigh the consequences of war for themselves He shows pictures of massively armed Americans and reports every coalition news release As gospel truth this is the act of a coward There's an attorney general who's so scared by events that he's willing to subvert the very essence of what we would normally be fighting for He wraps this subversive activities in a cloud of confusion This is the act of a coward There's a citizen who hangs a flag out on his house as a sign Proclaiming that he cannot think that it's enough to support our troops Whether what they're doing is right or wrong This is the act of a coward There's the soldier who fires into an oncoming vehicle And carrying a family with women and children because he thinks they're coming after him This is the act of a coward There's another soldier who fires into a crowd of civilians when somebody throws a scandel at him Sure he's young scared to death by the situation he's been unfairly drawn into But it doesn't wait for a real reason to fire this is the act of a coward Another soldier trains the barrel of his tank on a hotel full of journalists and fires This is the act of a coward A soldier stands by while hospitals and museums are looted and anarchy descends on a great city This is the act of a coward Many of these are scared kids put into an impossible place we should pity them but that doesn't make them heroes There's a reporter who for a forebearers to report how scared and unnerved these kids are for fear he might undermine his president This is the act of a coward A member of the US Congress goes into his cafeteria and re-names French fries freedom fries Because he's unable to take any criticism from another country even the country to help pave the way from American freedom in a first place Is it the act of a brave man? No, this is the act of a coward A scholar who advises the White House concludes that force and fear are the only way to win the cycle of terrorism that perpetuates itself Because of force and fear He doesn't even think about finding the reasons for the problem or the solutions This is the act of a coward And the president comes forth smirking and swaggering Dressing and military garb and clothing We've seen him from the worst of world leader We've seen this from the worst of world leaders before the Stalin's and Hitler's And they are presently not rise to the same level of evil He resembles them uncoctably They are the leaders that did what they did and smirking swaggered while they did it because they were essentially cowards too We have it seems at last the combination of cowards Cowardists is woven itself right in the fabric of our lives A nation of cowards except those who aren't and there are many And the heart of every American there's a bravery waiting to emerge if someone would come along Who'd call on that bravery if another Martin Luther King came suddenly to our midst You'd see bravery flour everywhere overnight We are all of us after all just human Sydney Hall, Junior Please am good stuff Hardware hardware I take But it is Absolutely correct Okay, here's some taxes Unlike some of your pools where I find it hard to narrow it down This one's easy for me the greatest cape This movie was my favorite when I was six years old Still enjoyed today a tremendous cast with their settings to a loosely based on fact Whenever it's on the cable which is often I'm sucked in the same as true of the godfather I stare watching the greatest cape many years earlier Lot of years Not third man Right TR and Hollywood says how about the matrix Watched it a couple of dozen times It's in the VCR in the spare room all the time turn it on and watch forward backward upside down whatever I'm in there Got it Also TR said you'd notice they moved crossfire to 430 For only a half an hour because there was too much liberal talk right and then I'm scared time when there's a latent drive time when nobody's watching Yeah, no great lost dog, you know I tried to see that bow tie Kind of hard to choke a guy when he gets pissed off and what if he's wearing a bow tie You could see the TV Richers alive on guiding light Just in case anybody ain't but watching last couple of days Richers alive That's gonna be a tough one to explain away Reva went to jail for turning off the life support after got into a car wreck and he died months ago Okay, now all of a sudden only on the soap operas he's alive he's back U.H.F. by word on the anchor Vic somebody says features local girl Victoria Jackson you got U.H.F. Got it now Get's funny or eat time I see it and I've seen it a lot butchertime God, sorry man Side splitting fall off your seat funny Here's another one from somebody trapped in Boko who says Have a movie you might not be familiar with but you should watch it figure to chance it this is spinal tap It's probably one of the funny movies ever made it say Rocky men are about official 70s English group What was the movie the the ruttles zethamani python one? Yes The ruttles Rob Ryan or road directed in the start in this is spinal tap a spoof about the music industry Since you're in the entertainment visual appreciate things as censorship Soul and egos like mobile and general chaos. I've seen this movie about a hundred and about thirty man times man We enjoyed a lot of your showlessness as much as we can for us for the bedtime stories We wouldn't know what was going out there. Also George and Weston says Growing up at the late 60s early 70s the movie mesh would be up there. Also Mr. Poir yesterday But movie I think you enjoyed George might enjoy his Roman Polanski's the tenet very bizarre movie with a very bizarre ending I says you enjoyed you didn't mention beiner boy because probably the Roman Polanski's movie so being a boy handled on for that Yeah, right? But yeah, you got mash on the list would do now mash it Godfather one what movie have you watched the most times in your life not us in a doll not as a child in your lifetime since the day you were born Broadcast TV My Rushlin ball disease just kicked a night in here a thing you said Godfather one sixty nine see Star Wars forty two was it of us thirty one airplane nineteen Christmas story nineteen candy shack seventeen Draw seventeen Never reason I couldn't do that to happy-goal more thing. I can't stand what's his name at pumpets and Adam's hand. Oh, you can't stand him you like him. No, oh National and Polans vacation 14 first viewers day off 12. It's a wonderful live club and the other one in double digits the 10 commandments has guessed how many But thirty man since my local your sports video five sixty two a I am proud you know Rushladen and I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla as with soap made from jewels and listening to the near Rockey I'm gonna use the hour How many Comeare butter is burning right through my role Sporesports party They were von sons! obese! He was a member of our nation in either way or very mass. Just a bunch of bunch of burdigbaats a bunch of burdigbaats Sparrows a donkey, woman of father Where does he live! Then he died! I've 60WKM the mad dog the angry puppy. Oh right, he hostile Honda be along a one-hank in the studio at 3 and then we got that Marlin crap. Tom Jekker for a couple and after the barling game tonight, calling me some answers to some questions that he's avoiding and evading they won't do it. They won't do it anymore than they'll even write letter to the editor and he and either one of our newspapers. Can you believe that nobody wrote letter about that Broward Commission resolution? No, I don't believe it. I can't believe it. I think you people are suppressing the news at the Sun sent on the goddamn army here. Okay, I think that's what you're doing. Try to cover your tracks. Oh, that's not a story. Let's put it in about 40,000 more words about Mr. Eagle and about, uh, about Mary of Elephant, okay. That's all people care about. Jesus, K Christ, I know what I'm thinking. What? Nestle's turtle ice cream in a big bowl melted down in a microwave for a few seconds. With scores, bites, and with cream on to not forget about and marshmallow on top. It's sizzled with hot fudge. Oh, stop. And cherries. And cherry. Some of the cherry juice from the bottles in a drizzle around the edges. Oh, I think I'm my blood sugar to just one of 80 points. Maybe not 80, but a lot. Not 30 minutes. Oh, stop it. You ever had scores, bites, huh? No, yeah. How about being one of the OCDB in a way that everybody likes. I don't like chocolate. Your taste is in your tush, man. That's what Muff said. That's what he told me. He said pretty tasty. Tush. What movie have you watched the most times in your life? That's our full question. We're spending half the time on a show trying to explain the question, which is good. It kills from good time. And then once we, once they understand what the question is, then they say, oh, well, look at back to you. Confather 169, Star Wars 43, Wizard of Oz 32, Airplane 22, and then you look from there. 5605, 60 pound, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. I think what I'm going to do is if I can't, because I don't want to sit around here on a Friday night, listen to a Stimstupid Show. I think I'll tape the jick a thing. Well, he's on. I want to hear his lame answers. His lame excuses for why he does such a piss-forward job. Covering what's happening in the local media in this town. Oh, it's poor. Huh? I'm sure he'll address all those issues. Well, in other words, no, and I'll one person that had the foot's for the balls to call it, and put him on the spot about it? No, no. Oh, geez. I'm going to be didn't talk about the dog track. Here's Miami, hello. Hey, I'm connu, how you doing? Okay, sir. Question. Did anybody answer your godfather question about, and the godfather won when did they say, and they won? You want to? Yes, he did. Bonaceta, Bonaceta. I'm going to be getting a movie. I'm not going to be serious. I know you probably might have a good experience. I don't think you like it, but... Well, what was it? It's got nothing to do with it. I know, I don't. I know, but it's one of the movie I've seen probably the most in my life. It's the matrix. Okay. I think we got that on there, don't we? We just put it on there. We just stuck it on there. All right. I don't put you. Have a good day. And you, too. See whether I agree with it or whether I like it or not, is totally irrelevant. That's what makes this so easy. You're not going to have to convince us of anything. If that's the movie you've watched 50 million times, that's what we want to know about. That's what a question of whether George agrees with you. And I have to get his seal of approval today. I'm like most other polls. When if he gives it all, it looks at you across. I forget it. He gives it like just a wrong sign. Like, eh... You're more cute on there. Come on. Let's hear it. Eh. Eh. Ha. Oh, and those people are waiting for the mad dog and at where you would a dredge pack in. We have the one that he did that we are couldn't use. We have the, uh, not yet heard new one. Were you dredge packin'? Oh great. Well, what do we even hold him back on that for? We were just told. You mean to say that my psychic powers kicked in again? You got it. I just laid it up right now. No. Three minutes ago during the last break is a matter of fact. Are you shitting me? I'm telling you, seriously. I'm not using my psychic powers to the fullest. If I would really put my head to it, I could just say, hey, screw everybody. Hey, Greg, have a nice life. Go get a haircut and I could just put my go to the track or do something. See, my problem is when I go to the track, I allow myself to be influenced by certain other people. You know what I mean? I don't want to show no names to them. Certain other people. Oh, the full room done great. And papa, papa, papa. I saw a lot of crap about who warmed up like this, you know. You could be the Gypsy Queen. Yeah, or at least part of that. Were you dredge packin'? Ha ha ha ha ha. That's great. Oh. That is sensational. I like the enthusiasm and puts it in that, you know, if, in fact, wait a minute, let's play these back to back. Let me play this one first. Because this one isn't quite as mighty as mine, I mean, it's fine, but were you fudge packin'? Were you dredge packin'? Yeah, see how much has just a little bit more enthusiasm. I just got mad dog thank you. See, he's always there for us. He always obliges. He's got a sick twisted sense of humor. And then, of course, there's the hump. I still want to give a spider-port how the hump are bonded with Moat, the ratings party together. And I must have been really, really something. Probably what started off on her on the right note was when Hank walked in and looked up out of and said, you asshole. I'd probably put it on a good footing right off the butt. Those two don't get along too. In fact, I think there's probably even a worse strain between those two than there is between me and Moat, you know? You think? Well, at least Moat agreed to let us do that keychain thing. The warrior is somebody says, okay, you got that? The warriors. Now let me ask you, how come you're fencing me all of these? Why not? What could you just read it? I could, but who the hell wants to hear me talk? That's a good point. Like I said, keep fencing him. Otherwise, that one guy would call it. Was that yesterday? That was yesterday. It was ready. It was sucking Carlisce's ass. Unfortunately, he agreed with everyone else. Five, six out. He was back. I was uncarliced as to. That's a boy, popular ass. Like that one, don't we got it? She was getting pretty crowded back then. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on a AT&T, and Verizon, that's that Kizzi Crazyman bit. Here's a call from Fort Lauderdale, hello. Uncle Meal. Yes, man. Hi, how you doing? Good. I've got one movie for your poll. Just one. Okay. And I'm really surprised that nobody's mentioned this before. All right. The Rocky Horror Picture Show. Oh, yeah, Pat. Something like that was just on a, a few days ago. And there are people who have gone to that. Every Saturday night. Right. Like a church meeting for years. There are, there are the record in America who watched the Rocky Horror Picture Show more times than they watched the nightly news. Right. And if they're on a tour, you know, I think there are a lot of people who look for that. And they're one of them. They have got people. Thanks a lot. Have a great day. And I love the Dutch packing. That's great. Thanks. You're good weekend. You too. What's this movie? I guess I'll keep you. Instructions were precise. To the north. Your pan's greatest torpedo plant. To the south. Steel and arms were located in the heart of the city. The bomb was aimed midway between the two plants to cause greatest possible damage. Because the plants were located in a valley. Around me. Yeah, but you're not getting that good stuff down there. No, sir. While on that channel, we're still in the city. And that's why I'm on that channel. We see we for madness. And what's that other one? Oh, that the the effort. I told you. Every now and then you see the video from that. And then see original one. I mean, it's the god of the voice. Lots of work came from. How do you like that? You're not going to see it there. Charfer, scoffing uses in previous exercises. There's a little one to rage. Lots of control. Oh, nasty. Have you ever seen another way? I don't want to go into it. There's Robert Duel. Dr. Engels, much to hear. What? He's been. So doing it, he sees the tango and gets hooked on it, which is a different animal to him. Uh-huh. And he gets hooked on the tango. Yes, it's a kind of a connection of the two cities that way. You know, you know. You know, you find it. Yeah. Yeah. You know what? Everybody wants to say anything about you. We look for you. This will go from here. To that to the big screen, complete screen with credits. But we're not talking about it. All right. Let's go to one. I didn't like that. Robert Duel, one of the great ones. The unsung heroes of our lifetime. Just love Robert Duel. But the guy was right about the fact. He should have, you know, how would a money, okay? Right. Go to think? Absolutely. He should have been Godfather 2 and 3. Why does everyone have to be a freaking mercenary? Right. Like I said, screw him. Okay. Good. Yeah. Yeah. Good afternoon. And boy, this is my favorite movie. The movie I watched the most. And the movie with the best ending is once upon a time in America, the long version. Right. And the reason why I'm so intrigued by that is because at the end, after Max jumps into the sum truck, it flashes back to noodles in the opium den. And he's smiling. And the question is, is he smiling because he has all the money or is he smiling because he knows that Max is still alive? I think he's smiling because the kishka just thought it out. Now you're right. It's a good point. What? Huh? Yeah. Somebody's kishka's just spilled out. Yeah. I thought that you could see the zits flying from James Woods facing that scene. Right. Yeah. But when they flashed in the onversion, they flashed back. Yeah. No. I understand what you're saying. Just joking. Yeah. If you recall, if you flashed back, the captain, they were kids. Every slow the body. They said they were in the flame. Right. And he goes to the opium den. And then he's smiling. And he's making happy. The question is, did he know that Max was alive? Right. Good question. We'll know he'll answer it. We'll never know the answer. That's like he's watching. Yeah. I didn't see him. Okay. I'll have a great day. Thank you. Once upon a time in America, let me say it again. A really very good movie. Great cast. Robert De Nero. James Woods. You want to touch in Puffas? Remember that? Yeah. Although I think he said Tuckus. You could tell us a boy trying to play a Julian on. Jews don't say Tuckus. Who said that? You said a Tuckus five years to make this freaking movie or something like that. James Woods said that. Well, he's a Jew. James Woods is Jewish. Oh God. Oh, hey, hey. You know, well, see, played. He played the right cone. Speaking of where you are, uh, uh, a dredge packet. 1213 and I see great similarities. There were only right cone. At least was an attorney. 1213 at 560 WQM. A Richard Malon's cave is, uh, where the hell did I have that? I've got some really great story about Richard Malon's cave. A great website. Maybe we'll all do that over the weekend. I'll send along to Beinerboy. We'll put that on there. So people really get the story behind the story of who's pulling the strings and pumping all the money. All this right wing crap that's going on. All this propaganda machine that's going on. Richard Malon's cave. Uh, farbizzen. 1213 a QA in a mother's day is just today after tomorrow. This year, why not surprise her with a gift of relaxation from the inner retreat spa and wellness studio. Or she'll enjoy a true spa experience. The inner retreat spa and wellness studios offering a great mother's day package for just 99 bucks. Mom's dream will begin at her arrival where professional licensed staff members will greet her with soft music, candlelight and hot tea. To receive a relaxing revitalizing facial followed by a massage designed to relieve all stress and are neck back and shoulders. All of these things for just 99 bucks. The inner retreat spa and wellness studios located at 726 Riverside Rav and Crawl Springs right next to the outback steakhouse. Call 9-5-4-3-4-1-62-20 for more information. Mention WQAM and the first 25 people will receive a free romotherapy candle or organic specialty soap and a soap pouch with their mother's day package. You'll find them in the Crawl Springs at the in Crossbrane 726 Riverside Rav and next to the outback steakhouse. Call 9-5-4-3-4-1-62-20. Don't forget this, you do something really different and really neat for mom with a true spa experience. At the inner retreat spa and wellness studio, 9-5-4-3-4-1-62-2-0. My life and love all this is 4-3-5-6-3-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-0. I wouldn't believe a word in me all said if this tongue was not rise. We'll meet again if we don't want to go from the bush court to the left to solve this way. There's some weird energy. I'm dying out of here. We'll meet again with our home that my bed. Civil rights will be restored once on a day. And the heart is your gift. We'll meet again if we don't want to go from the bush court to the left to solve this way. We'll meet again with our home that my bed. Civil rights will be restored once on a day. Got me 10-5-60-WQM-430 votes. Now, no votes yet for... See, Oceans 11 got one that's the person who called it in. You have a little faith. No votes for bachelor party going my way would then cross me beast masters, thick sling blade, pretty woman, or catch 22 ghost busters or fear-loading in Vegas yet. And let's make sure we get those late ones on a rocky or pictures show's going to be a lot of votes. It oughta. Once upon a time in America, it'll get some of the spy who shagged me, says Amy. She says probably the funny movie I've ever watched and so much better than the original. Austin Power. My smile will be on Jay Leto on Monday night. Telling the world that Toronto is wonderful and safe and that we've been given a raw deal here and everything is... No, no problem. Come on up. Good Canadian boy Mike Myers. Jessie says though I don't like to move, I know you don't like to move. We have seen JFK about 30 times. Not so much for its accuracy before its characters, especially Joe Peshis, the fake eyebrow, neurotic David Ferry. Also, Jared Lito has a small part in a movie American Psycho, with another hunk Christian bail, a definite must see. Merkin Psycho? Is that there's a gestion or they just tell you. No, no, no. I'm not putting on an asking you, was it a good movie? No, I haven't seen it. Yeah, it's pretty good movie. Yeah, that's what you said about whatever that crap was, too. What bully? Bullying, yeah, woolly bully. Never even seen it. Haha. Hahaha. I think it was Jared's done, I didn't think. Right. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. I mean, this is a very scientific thing. When we get that what is pull on Monday, we want to make damn sure that it's right on a money. Here's the call from Daniel. Hi, Hory. Great. I have a list of a bunch of them, but I'm going to have to go with pulp fiction. Okay. You don't like pulp fiction? I don't have to like it for it to be on the list. Okay, can it be on the list? It's on the list right now. Okay, wonderful. Thanks. Have a good day. See, she's upset because I didn't like it. See, it just because I mean, you might not like score spikes. Carlos don't like it. He don't like chocolate. Haha. That means more for me. I see. I don't understand that. I know that everybody's got different tastes, but I get for the life of me. How can anybody not like chocolate? That's the first I've never met anyone. Can we have a herd of anything like that? Nope. I just can't even envision that I can't imagine. I only wish that it was me. I thought that was a universal tie that I wish I didn't like anything sweet and I didn't like pasta. Or any kind of a ten-in-food like pizza. If I didn't like any of that stuff, you have how many pounds that way? About 30 minutes? Topps. Soking wet. See, I'm working with all of it. You're what? I'm more evolved than the next step in the human evolution. He's immune to what he's trying to say. Mm-hmm. Immuten to legal alien, which is a special category. 560, 060, 0560, 060 on the AT&T, and then right up in Webfoot Drive Foot policy. For them. Yeah. No, in his case it's the wet-back drive-back policy. Or in when the duck gets old, amidst the old bear-back policy. We just got a call from a friend of yours that agrees with me. That he doesn't like chocolate either. Moses. Yeah. So there's two of us mutants. Yeah, but there's one big difference. He looks good. He can afford to like whatever he wants. Okay? In your case, your options are very limited. Here's Volca, hello. Yeah, I need a lot of hope sound now, but I got a movie, but I'd like to comment on that editorial, I found out it's all there you're ready to want. Which one is that? Yeah, no. That button isn't being a call. Can you hear me? Yeah, you're breaking up a little bit, which one? Yeah, I can't hear anything. Can't hear anything. Can't hear anything. Call me back or come back to town. Can you understand what you're saying? The coward article was what he was talking about. Yeah, but I couldn't hear what he was saying. Can you? Nope. Oh. Five, six, seven, and now somebody's going to say, See, he'd want to disagree. I don't know whether he agreed or disagree. I don't know what he wanted to say, but I couldn't, I can't leave it on here. Get a real phone pal, get one of worse like more than 10 miles. About. Here's the North Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Well, I got a, my favorite movie about time I've seen it about 30 times. Yeah. All human jokes, can I do a strawberry mart and cool hand look? Cool hand look was really. That's a great movie. Okay, you got all right. Thanks. See you. Cool hand look on the list. Do we have a rocky horror picture show on her yet? I don't see it. I don't know what's in the middle of one of Eric's lunches right now, but I don't see it to you. No. Did you pass it along, Vener? Yes, sir. That one in the whole bunch of others. The other probably, also you might mention him. The blue brother still isn't a pastor. If you don't want to leave it like that all week and long because people start and they can all kinds of cracks about you and Eric all weekend. And for days and months to come. Let's get the a pastor. If you out of the blues brothers. How do you put it in a pastor? If you in the blues brothers. Carlos. My bet. How do you do such an idiotic? It'll literally think. Probably to be able to look at them and pictures of Aaron to get it right. See how many months has he been working on this show and it's already starting to rub off. And see that it's because he's Cuban. I think probably the latter. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I'll see at least he can say here's a good looking guy without getting all up tight about it. All right, you know, concerned. Although he didn't put in gigantic letters about his head or sexuality. He lunges letters. And you know something I think in your case is probably a good thing. Here's Albert's towel. Hello. Hey, how you doing Neil? Pretty good sir. And a movie like the lady said the Rocky Horror Woodstock was the one I seen the most because Oh really? The night movies were a buck and back then there was no music video so you could see people performing in it. I've seen it probably about 90 times. And had to be still there pretend to watch this. I'm sorry. Right. Right. This week since you were talking about movies you brought something to my mind because you always talk about network, life, and mutating art. There's another movie like that being there. If that's not frigging, chancey garden in the White House, I'll kiss your pimple if that is. Okay. Later, Neil. Thank you. I don't have a pimple yes. Yes, not pimple. Not yet. I'll wait a minute. Oh. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. It's got like a pimple. 5, 6, the only thing it was a scores bit on a way out. Hmm. God. Why do I do that? I apologize for doing that because now a whole bunch of people and then they'll blame me. Remember when I was talking about smarties? Hmm. Smarties are okay. They're like a sweeter M&M. They're better than M&M's. But these things make smarties and M&M's taste like dog crap. Okay. Wow. Now I wouldn't know firsthand, you know, but from those people who have had dog crap. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 6, the only AT&T and Verizon line. Here's for a lot of Dale. Hello. Neil, what's going on? Yes sir. Moving on seeing 20,000 times, Willie Watt and the top of the factory. Willie Watt is chopper factor. You don't see that with Carlos listen. Are you serious? One for you with your lover boy Johnny Depp. Nightmare on L Street. We are love that. I love it. Okay. Thanks. Hey Johnny Depp hits the ceiling. Squared Square net movie with blood unfortunately. You saw it, right? Sure. Nightmare on L Street par one. It was okay. I don't think I'd ever watch it again. Especially now I haven't seen Donnie Brasko. I got my Johnny Depp fixed from Donnie Brasko. That was a really good movie. Even though we had like almost no calls about it. That's okay. Nobody went out and saw happening. We get a car or a facie about that. Although they must be on a Virgil Watson because all the copies have been gobbled right. He says they're talking about it. Here's what it says. There are a lot of movies I've seen a lot of times. But the one that I've seen even more than Godfather is Casablica. Do you must remember this? Let's hear our duff singing at huh? That's the only way. Ah, quiet. They think you really care. But myself I can't see. Duff, good luck this instant. I know it's only make beleons. Forduff. Pouring it right I'm gonna appreciate it though. I wanna know only prayer. Oh! Is that someday you care? I hope my dreams come true. Roll it in only you. Oh! No! No! No! How much shall I be so? Okay, let's see now. Poor duff. Poor unappreciated duff. He's so desperately looking to fight his real niche in life. He's just doing it around right now. Okay, so you have a notice? Yeah. Can we put his kiss of like on there? We did not. You must dreamer. Also I never heard of you saying, I forgot for the one over God for the two we liked to come on. Yes, I do like to combine the trilogy's no matter fact. Godfather one is far, I don't care what anybody says. Godfather one is far superior to Godfather two. Except of course for the Myra Lansky business, the highman Rothpart. That was good. The hotels here are empty. I mean. Now things are coming back. That's a good news for Toronto. It's coming back baby. Oh, we're SARS free pretty much. Couple of people in a hospital don't want to give it up, but other than that we're okay. And Mike Myers will be on there. Stick in your face on Lino. 28 past noon at five, 60 WCM. You know Steve Wolf must have a lot of time to end Dick Feinberg and Troy Strathford. They're all out of town together probably. Indeed, we're with the qualifying race at Mohawk this morning. Cause Dave, I still haven't affects me any new pump at Oparcopi. So I'll just make some up. Don't forget, we got live racing at Pompano Park. Wednesday Friday and Saturday, 3 nights, a week 715 including the 9 general parking is free. Admissions is free. Every Wednesday at Pompano Park is dollar night. Dollar track beers, hot dog sodas and lots more. And we invite you to come out any day the week seven days starting a noon for a signaled casting from tracks all over North America to Robert harness and highlight as well. And don't forget, we got the Freakness. I mean, the Freakness coming up from Pompano Park. Next Saturday may 17 and Pompano Park will be featuring signaled casting of the Freakness as we do every year. Early bird wait during starting. I see I haven't just seen this. I don't know. But I'm assuming. You guys done what we did for the derby. Friday may 16th at 1 p.m. Friday. Watch way during joining crowds on Saturday may 17th for the Freakness from a Pimico and Baltimore at Pompano Park. Pompano Park. I'm a Black South Carolina and put it on Powerline Road. Don't forget, great live racing 715 tonight every Wednesday Friday and Saturday.<|th|>. And local. This is sports radio.56. 2 a.m. The Canada Youth? again So We're both cruising, Hell is that there's no way No way, we'll be going on a Stain's cruise, six full got his men in the star Hey, what are you doing to my yacht? All the crew could do was watch it, but Watch those right now, go away Before we flew up that yacht It was so interesting Now it was seen in words that the Titanic Wonder if the Taylorers heard news Bell, be no more, who's a family, stay cruise Through day, what are you called, your brother? Who's safe, call her, tell him that there's no way Oh my God, it's no way, we'll be going on a Stain's cruise, six full got his men in the star What's that there, my brother? Yes, that's the girl Wonder how the whole thing will be Now I can't get out When everything's been down, all that we've heard of But shot, it's adrenaline, badness is a blue Under the yacht, no more, why are you not even on the ship Pull the blues, tell me no more, who's a family, stay cruise Through day, what are you called, your brother? Who's safe, call her, tell him that there's no way Oh, let's get it I dropped him to proverbial bucket I'm gonna leave it up, we're gonna whale, though No, this money goes for buying plans in the bottom of the city Mint Mint, you don't fool around, which way is sweetheart? Bites straight out along short island sun To the old criminals home Oh, I love the signature Gordon Space now Inoperable Yeah, absolutely Let's talk to Mr. Gordon, Sam Well, I'm sure glad they put this on at this time now Batman's usually on an afternoon back to back episodes 1234 hears a horrendous story, and I'm not gonna believe this 129 sucked out of the rear door of an airplane over the Congo Do you be here such a thing? Yeah, just hell The rear door of a Russian-built cargo plane burst open Is the aircraft carried police officials and the relatives across Congo And a hundred twenty nine passengers were sucked out That sucks The fence minister, Oro'n'Awam, confirmed there was a technical problem What a plane's rear door, if they provided no details Did not confirm any debts among the two hundred people on board This is what I don't understand After the accident occurred some forty five minutes into the flight The palace managed to turn back and land a plane in Kinshasha The plane with its rear door missing could be seen on the airport's tarmac Two officials at the OIC, two officials in the International Airport in Kino's capital Kinshasha independently told the Associated Press that a hundred and twenty nine people were feared dead Nine survivors were being treated for minor injuries in psychological trauma How is it possible that nine people could survive getting sucked out of a plane? I mean if it's forty five minutes into the flight, those are the ones that weren't sucked out Are you sure? I'm pretty sure. Are you sure? It says a hundred and twenty nine passengers were sucked out A hundred twenty nine people were feared dead So we have to assume the nine survivors are the ones who weren't sucked out And that what you just said? That's what you said. Well I don't know, it just came across the wire to just sounded to grow test And when I first looked at it, it looked like the headlines said Over Chicago when it says Congo And I can't go like crap Greg and Sunrise is my single most watched movie is Raiders of the Lost Ark I'm assily my favorite. I've seen it about thirty times Also I missed your favorite sings pool. You know that a my favorite is why don't you go back to Canada You do bastard. I go to Hollywood quite a bit so he's pretty often He goes to Georgia's neck of the woods In fact, Greg from Sunrise ever sees Georgia probably say Why don't you go back to Canada to you bastard? And we didn't even know George was Jewish like Dave Johnson. I'm taking classes now Break down Kurt Russell and Liar Liar Jim Curie. Somebody sneak two on of this. That was one we want to put on either one Whatever Well we can't put them both on. Also not put either one of mine. Okay They're not going to get any votes. What movie you watch the most times in your life? Godfather one seventy seven star wars fifty one. I totally this morning star wars tonight Yep, was it about thirty nine airplane twenty five Christmas story twenty two clockwork or and fun. That was George's I vote for the godfather Now how come how come nobody has said godfather two? Good. Good. Should we put that on there? Sure Because there are people who do like it better and spite of my opinion my opinion doesn't count on us pull. I need to do his yours. Beiner boy. George twenty candy shack nineteen first viewers days off seventeen. It's a wonderful life sixteen actual And pull invocation sixteen scar face thirteen the ten commandments twelve. He got a couple extra wholesale. Fast times at which about nine two thousand one space Odyssey nine the good to bat in the you glee. Seven animal house seven blazing saddle seven a Christmas Carol seven the blues brothers without the Post of you. Thank you seven. Multi-stalkens got the six the exercise six never watched any movie more than one still me five. Why do you think that would be they lie a lot? No, I think maybe because they just never saw that could have a movie. They've got to be movies that you want to see more than once if they're really great or maybe they don't have a TV maybe They don't get out much. Yeah. Cook was next five life a brand five a Spencer a petty take to five. For about October five the dirty dozen five the road warrior four space balls for a beetle juice three also three for gone with a win two votes for cat blue. Groundhog day two side of music a pair rainman rainman's only got to the outlogios he whales to oceans eleven's got a pair now. Little faith the matrix has two and one a piece for fear of moving in Vegas pretty woman preference activities Bachelor party history the world part one of this is spinal tap and what's the bottom time in America. None for ghostbusters going my way catch twenty to the greatest escape beast master u hf mesh the warrior is the rocky or pictures shown in a And oh just went up but don't have any yet. Are you smitten me nope. Slingley don't have any. Despite who shagged me JFK pulp fiction cool hand look don't have any out of four and seventy but they will. This is the poorest Friday should be up there all weekend long to also come pouring in that out that they find the guts of the particular Francer you think they'll come pouring in you watch. Twenty to one at five sixty wq and mother's day of Sunday. Let me take a drink okay. If I would I should do before the spot is I should sniff some more that package it's in the trash again. Mothers is this Sunday the good news is that there's still time to send your mom wife and grandma something extra special is here how about we send something to what's your name. Goal for a circle farm. Yes, you need something some pills show them how much you appreciate the most sending authentic for my teddy bear She'll receive a beautiful bear personalized just for her and over with a free card in gourmet candy and a couple gift box They've got great bears like the spa mob bear the mom's biggest fan bear or the new queen for a day bear and please keep in mind Dad's it's your job every year to get a gift from their kids to mom and the mother and cubsit is a knee-eyed Is many little comes you need with their names embroidered right on the outfits. They've got guaranteed Saturday delivery So we're bear will still arrive in time for mothers day if you act today So a lot more creative and thoughtful and flowers which die and wilt in no time at all and this gift lasts the lifetime So call 1-800-829 bear and a friendly bear counselor will help you take our bear just for her social. You put some real thought into your gift This year ordering is quick. It's a piece of cake one easy call 1-800-829 bear or shop online at Vermonteddybear.com This year. Thank mom. Proshie does free with a Vermonteddybear. Be sure and tell moldy authority to call 1-800-829-B-E-A-R Horton gives out Florida a major bloge ma Cara Is I'm gonna call you Now they're being due Where's Wendy? All there need is to There's a me a conferry So we gotta get married There's a fairy and me How can they still hate him home? Now we're gonna get married So tell the white house home He's a fairy and a dark British love We need the go up the door Up the darkness doors Thus what he stole for That's the brown hole And we never reach to the on our road There's a free, free, free, free, free, free, free, free So he's gotta get married There's a fairy and me How can they still hate him home? Now we're gonna get married So tell the white house home How can they still hate him home? How can they still hate him home? How can they still hate him home? How can they still hate him home? How can they still hate him home? How can they still hate him home? How can they still hate him home? How can they still hate him home? They still hate him home That's right, if you want to become like Sarah Goldfarb Instead of popping pills in your post you'll be popping scorbids S-K-O-R, I can't believe nobody ever had a scorbar Now being a boon like it because it's a candy bar Oh my god! Why do you ever think about singing for your supper, haven't you? That's where that song came from. Seriously, isn't there any kind of real candy like beside chocolate? There's like, help me out here. What other, like, those slices, those fruit slices, then butter scotch. Right. Okay. I like those jelly-y. Yeah. Jelly-y is long as there's no chocolate. Right. Jelly-y is scar bits will turn you loose, baby. If you want a new edition, if you haven't, don't go blind to me because I'm morning you. I'm put like a little astrus guy and a adult warning on this. If you're one of those people, the addictive problems, like all of us, do not start. God, they're good. Hmm. I gotta get that thing out of the garbage you. This is almost as good as farting in the shower. You don't know how to steam each shower? Almost. Let's see, Todd and Hollywood says, speaking of the taste of dog crap, the second most ultimate midnight movie is Pink Flamingos with Divine. But that's not his choice for the list. His choice is, it's a mad mad world because it came out when he was a kid's in the movie. He's been released 30 times. Also, it says, P.S. It's obvious to me why Joe Costello sucks now. He got married. Every married guy knows an effing idiot, including me says, Todd and Hollywood. See? That's what happened to Port Joe. He's been pretty good. Not great, but he was coming along. And now he got married and his whole act has gotten. And you warned him. Did he all warn? I tried. Oh, yeah. And you know what? It's not too late for Miguel. I keep warning him. I was he gunna get married to that, uh, fine young lady. Yeah. It's too late. No, it's not. What do you mean by that? Well, they're engaged. Go get him off. Go, they're engaged in a pee. It doesn't go follow through then she will cut him off. Well, yeah, we'll see. Here's my thing. What does a guy like him have to worry about being cut off by some broad. I mean, she may be very, very nice, but he can get pretty much whatever he wants. Right. What if she cuts it off? Well, there you go. Here's the Fashimwally in Brower who says, I'd like to respond to the Fashimwally for claimed catch 22 to be a great movie. Catch 22 is a perfect example of great novels that don't translate to the screen. And I will say this 99 times out of 100, the book is better than the movie, including Godfather. Joseph Haller wrote Catch 22 and arguably is one of the great modern American novels, suck this movie. Way too complex to capture how his message, thankfully no one made how his second novel something happened to a screenplay. Talk about your one-hit wonders. It says, I've re-read Catch 22 numerous times over the years. Maybe that's a future pool. No. Now, while he then comes back to a senses, he says, no, then they ought to have to read books. He wants to nominate Song of the South. Song of the South for the pool. How do you like that? I snore. Keep that blueboard out of here, Wally. And, John and North Miami Beach. Did you read this thing? Did I? About the censored bits in the CD. The answer to John is, to make a long story short. No. Can we be intimidated? Are we been putting our place? Yes. We need to work. What's some of this other stuff we can? Whatever. This John and North Miami Beach has got three on here. The warriors. Did we put that on there already? Yes. Yes. That's on there. Greece and murder by death. Let's put murder by death because Greece is John Revoltah. And even if he has seen it a whole bunch of times, who else is in Greece? Olivia, new Tron Bomb. Oh, Olivia is new Tron Bomb? Oh. Do you know if she was very Demantla pansy? I guess you do know that. Right. Oh, now there is a movie I've seen several times. That's in a running with Godfather. My tutor. Okay. It's a cutesy movie. And Matt Latansy looks real good. And so there's Watson and whoever they plays the tutor. Yeah. Do you know that movie? I know what. I do. It's a youth tutor. Yeah. I'm sure you would. And of course he's run a night like mostly Nick and most of the movie. Matt Latan. What ever happened to him? H. Very Matt. Olivia Newton, John. Oh, Jesus. You know, I really do need to read this. Speaking of that. Nick, Chris, does article in the New York Times today. No time to get squeamish. At least part of it. Because it should give you an idea of just how and I'm not exaggerating. It's getting more and more frightening by the day. And if people would just open up their eyes and ears and listen and do a little reading of their own, as opposed to like reading the two crap fish wrappers down there, they'd be starting to get pretty nervous too. He says most aid scientists are terrified these days. They described which hens by neo-puretons in and out of the Bush administration. And many are so nervous that an email and research abstracts the avoid using words like gaze, homosexuals, anal sex or sex workers. So scientists at the National Institutes of Health and elsewhere are devising their own secret code. I won't give it away, but one term stands for gay or homosexual, another for anal sex and so on. I would recommend avoiding all electronic communication to any NIH office, one scientist born in one of many emails, notes buzzing among AIDS researchers. Phone communication does not appear tapped at this time. Even so, I'm advising staff to speak in code unless an NIH staff member indicates you can speak freely. In short, assume you're living in Stalinist Russia when communicating with the US government. As my Times colleague, Eric Ericka Goodnode, in breaking the story last month, researchers have been told by NIH project officers to avoid sensitive language in grant applications. A university at California Researcher, for example, was told to cleanse the extract of his grant proposal of words like gay, homosexual, and transgender. Since his research was on HIV and gay men, this was a challenge. How can scholars investigate how AIDS spreads without using words that make a religious right blush? Perhaps this seems like an obscure issue, it's not. The fundamental question is whether elements of the Bush administration are politicizing science, using budgets advisory committees in the fear of embarrassment to chill the way that science is conducted in America. And it goes on. In fact, there are one more sentence. If I can, can I do it? Please. He says, especially in the case of AIDS, which kills more people in two hours than SARS has killed in total, that numbers of human lives are worth stake in America alone, 12,000 people by every year of AIDS, the difference between solid scientific research and pseudo science will be measured in millions of lives saved. There you go. Yeah, the careful award you say because we don't want to alienate the Christian right, they're very sensitive and touch you, et cetera. It's still killing mostly targets, right? Oh my god. 254 at 560 WQAM. If you've been thinking about buying a new barbecue or any barbecue accessories, you must go to a great place BBQ's galore. Here's your self ahead start on the BBQing season with a perfect grilling accessories all at the guarantee lowest prices in the universe too. Now through Sunday, this Sunday, um, Mother's Day, by any gas grill over 149 bucks and get free assembly and free propane. That's correct, free assembly and free propane. And don't forget it is Mother's Day, the Sunday in barbecue's galore has got incredible gifts for mom. Everything from a new grill to backyard accents that will make it a nicer place for the family to spend time together. Don't forget, please, for all your barbecue needs at the guarantee lowest prices anywhere, shop BBQ's galore, everything you need for barbecue, their implementation and university drive in a fountain shop. Skull 9504-4231400 in Carl Springs at 745 West Sample Road Corner Sample and Rock Island's call 950-475-76668. Got it? 75766-8 and don't forget free assembly and free propane gas on all grass gills over 149 bucks this weekend at BBQ's galore. We're sports video 560-4-8-8-8. Thank you, Miss Merry Christmas. The Middle Eastern world will be exploded to dominate people killed with the gas that we sold him. First time a griscer nation had they only won that's going. Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil going. Forget about Korea. The notes they're told to answer. Right wing is feeling it over and over into our head. Okay, that Iraq has some weapons of past instruction. 3,000 people killed. I'm now forgotten. Let's exploit them instead. Ain't their soil to be content. Going after some time too. Plank Keto Samma. There's no longer mention of the name in law this. But no one seems concerned about them. A man complains that believe in every word of this cartel of administration that controls us by fear through media and manipulation and a right wing. His drilling is over and over and over to our heads. And Iraq has some weapons of past instruction. And he's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man