Anyway, good morning, Neil. Morning, Scott. Yeah, thank you. You're right about that, dude. You could have, uh, that was like the atomic clock man. When a little hand hit the big head, it's in a clock. Wow, that was exciting. I'm just ready. I'm trying to keep things on track for you because, you know, if it wasn't for you and I, they wouldn't even have a station here. So I'm thinking again for a five time. Now let me ask you this question there. Uh, are you doing a special thing to baronite at the game? Yeah, but, uh, 14,000 will show off. Well, what kind of crap is that? I'm looking into paper this morning. I asked George's, Austin this morning. I asked George before a duck came in and was crying about gone or re-appust. Uh, I was asking George, was it raining last night or is there like some kind of a natural disaster? No, no problems. 25,311 for Don Trell and the Philly's in the wild. There are all these things. It's pathetic. That's terrible. I mean, they're playing for the world and no one goes, I mean, you're right. This town's full of losers. No one cares. I mean, it's going to be as bad as being a pirate fan when the pirates were going to play us. They have like an entire upper deck open. That's where you look like in the marlins play. This is pathetic. It is. I thought, I thought, sure, they haven't least 35,000. So listen to this Fox National, you know, Joe Buck and Tim McOber, they're doing a national piece on on me for this weekend's games. Really? And they're talking about how I've inspired the marlins fans. And if they only knew that there are no marlins fans and that the whole thing's going to be in the game. They didn't inspire them all as fans. You inspired them all in team. When you came to town, that's when a marlins turned it around. When Jack McEen turned 85, he came to town on the air. That's when all of a sudden they turned it around. It turns out it's firing them all in fans. They're saying, we're having a party in a cemetery. Yeah, it turns out that Jack McEen for the first time in five years is regular. Now he has a regular dump every day. Every moment. All right. He has a good role. He was real constipated until I came to town. Now he remember how much fun they made in him when he first went and first hired him. And then that crap about wow. And you know, there's the race discrimination. And they're fine. And all the other crap. And it's just a daughter of a Howard today. Howard so desperate. He puts on the kid and calls like the kid's going to be on today at 730. He's going to be their guest. And he called it three minutes to 80. Still put him on. Absolutely. I mean, my God. Oh, and just to piss off Howard even more, I moved like a mile from his June neighborhood. And I'm moving in. And I'm going to have parties. And I'm going to have naked women and yelling and screaming in live bands. So that Phyllis can hear me rocking over in. I moved into the fancy place, Boca Chay. He was in the open seven. She's had about 20 years. He lives in the limited income neighborhood. Yeah. He lives in a villa. I live in a neighborhood. And a golf tournament with sponsored on a station with your name on it. And they behind your back arranged to fly an OJ Simpson to be your golf tournament in Burst and Humileau. You help his stuff. Would you be at that? Oh, actually Greg Reed did do that to me. He has something huge golf tournament going on. He shut down my golf tournament in Burst. Me with all my clients. I'm ruined my bus. So man, I go cut a deal behind his back. And see how he likes that when I do business with a bunch of dirty Costa Ricans with millions of dollars. And a legal cigars. And a bunch of dirty hores with simple as to give power. Because he's just, it's definitely one other thing Neil. Today has got his my witness and Josh Darrell sought Howard David trying to grab my sack and was within one inch of my balls. When I jump back and smack his. He loves your baby. Yes, man. He has man boobs. And he tried to grab my sack. I love a nice day. Absolutely. You am.com. I don't hear no music. Well, no grams for the old Ferrell sack. I don't hear no music. Great opening. How do I get there? My cool. Well, Scott Jr. has done a lot of stuff. Badness. I'm out of the money. Isn't it funny how some days just take you back? Like when you were a teenager. Remember sitting on your porch and I cool summer evening. Fapping a zit with your fingers and then eating it. Well, the great taste is back at the Puss Palace. Yes, delicious creamy soms serve plus in a cone or a dish with your choice of toppings. All the great taste of your body you enjoy is a kid. Like warm hero acts. Scaff chips. Editing who book her bits. The Puss Palace. Ice cream. You scream. We all scream. For us. Thanks for the inspiration. Muff Muff. All lens here operations manager Kim and early this morning. Right, nearly. Head tears in his eyes was very emotional about gone or we have Puss. Yeah, well, I get emotional about that too. Well, we all have our problems. Okay. We all have our crosses to bear it. Okay. Give them what's the name. Dr. Oben. So I got an extrapolated. Well, I'm really whipped up and the sleep well got me all whipped up. I said that the cross over this morning. No, it's seriously. I have extrapolated it in this last two trends. Yeah. I'm figuring that he's already beating out. I'm Paul and young Ron and old Ron by handling him in. But even Howard sperm. Because Howard sperm. Even though he still number one would have six two in men. Mm-hmm. He, uh, he's down about two points from like the usual eight something. And it had that happen starting like in June. And for L1 on between eight and ten. Sure. So I think that when you extrapolate when we get the hour by hour at next month. I think you're going to find out that he's already eight to ten. Beat now Howard sperm and handling. Beat now old Paul and older Ron or whatever their names are. That pretty excited. It is exciting. I'm going for all. Okay. You're perfect. Sure. Was on a seven. Sure. Was you getting, yeah. Was she was on it six? Oh, can you begin to imagine what numbers we'd have. He was on it. I think most getting older and five to six sounds good to me. But anyway, George had nice bonding experience with mode this morning. I'm just moving the team room. He's right there and you're sacked to side by side. No, we were washing up together. We were. Yeah. In the same year. Like surgical gloves on or no. He uses a low get too close to a guy that picks Dingo. He's a single bruise out of his button front of everybody else. While they were so always commissarating with us even more who hates us like poison and try to get both of us can. Even more commissarates on an O.J. goth herm thing. That was one of the lowest moments in the history of a broadcasting. He said, only a skumbag station would consort with murder like that. Right. See even more can stand you. O.J. hate you like poison even a low life skumbag old you like more Howard David. Can't stand O.J. Simpson. H.U. which is you would die a wicked death. Wishes you get in return with you gave to poor Nicole and Ron. You murdering son of a bitch you. And in a meantime Greg and screw in and fill us in a bunch of our sports. There's a they're still obsessed with O.J. they would rim him if he came in right now they'd look his ass. I'm I'm telling you right now there'd be a fight to see you could get to the crack first. And his ass too. We we asked yesterday. The best fast food chain. We got two polls that we don't have time to dig around because it's Wednesday. We did a big noon to one or not. Seriously for all got me all whipped up to a frenzy there. I don't know why we haven't even gotten into the bus yet. We haven't even gotten into the bus all over. Dubs working on it. Oh, what a pussy he is man. What a well I guess that was a bad choice for words. In the same context. Well you know the verb upset about those bodily fluids. No they're not. No they're not. Okay. Maybe I'll draw your diaphragm. Okay. A pustule. A pustule. We asked yesterday, which I guess is probably not a good the time to give the pull result and context with that. The best fast food chain. Now we did this you know a long time ago. We can't do a different one every goddamn day. Although we have two polls today. We never done either one of them. How do you like that? Huh? Yeah. Pretty good. How do you do that every day? How do you come up with something new and innovative and exciting? I don't know. The best fast food chain is hands down your pants when these 277. It's juicy. It's delicious. What's not to light, right? Right. Dave Thomas is crelling somewhere in heaven. Somewhere in a hamburger purgatory. Dave Thomas has got a big smile on his fat post. 277. Everybody liked Dave Thomas. Didn't they? Did you know anybody who didn't like him? Nope. And you know all kinds of good stuff in the community. He was a soft food a boy and gave all kinds of money to charity. The only bad thing was he was friends with Tony Segrenno. 277 for Wendy's Taco Bell 127. Stake in shake, which got a late start. We apologize for that. How can I forget since I'm going to turn everybody on to it. So we did. So you're moved way up and they got 90. They moved into turd. Just edging out 91 like I said edging out quiz knows what 86. Quiz knows done pretty good, which is a good sign that we got a real afternoon audience out there. And speaking of how often when you are coming to so cheap when you go to the Ambrac County Convention Center. Let me forget to talk about that for several hours. No, seriously. That's for us. My ask is I thought nobody showed up there of our audience. And then the girl says after the show, when you're trying to calm me down since the only day, 20 bucks for a band in Paris, and he says to me, well, no, there were a lot of people line up for the free Marlon tickets. Spinning to deal for the free tickets. But nobody was into to quote McGill. He says, oh, nobody wants your CDs this year. Thanks McGill. That's a real good. The ringing endorsement. Those were his exact words. You heard it. Yeah. Nobody wants your CDs this year. Well, blow it out your spick ass McGill. How do you like that? It. It. Quiz knows 86. Play a tropical. 67. Boston Market 54. And that's amazing since they're like just barely hanging on. People like it. They just don't know where to find it. RB's 52 subway 52. Now you might should have made that RB's is made a nice comeback. At least the one by us. I can't speak for the others. They're not using that shade cardboard anymore. They're actually using real beef and a roast beef again. Right. Always a good stock food. And they got the potato cake. Because I love the potato cake. I rather have that than price any day of my life. RB's in subway, E.T. 52, Jared. And by the way, Jared, you're still ugly. McDonald's 50. That's disgusting. Kentucky Fried Chicken 40. The chicken kitchen had 39. I never heard of it either. But the chicken kitchen had 39. So must be a secret thing out there that we're turning the audience onto. If you like chicken, go in a kitchen. Why castle 38? Burger King 36. See, Elmer Fud has 2D's. Fud records has only one. But then again, see, you're. You're a bad. Fud. You're your bad. Fud records 34. Just don't let him butter the bun if you have a sensitive. Uh, Pupic. Checker 33. Einstein Brothers Bagels had about 30 men. And also Sonic had about 30 men. I never had the Sonic day. It's yeah, it's great. I not hear. Up north of the south. I had it and it's great. So there's no Sonic there. No, they were here like for five minutes and then they shut down. Hmm. What was that? They were real good when that was there and it would shut down. Rally some. Huh? Rally's. No, not Rally's. That's another one. You're getting warm. And just north of 79 on the right hand side on the east side. Okay. Back in the IOD days, I can picture it. Yeah. And then that was great. A great place in the last two long. The really good places don't stick around. Miami subs 24, which used to be a lot better till the side of they want to be in bed with the donor places. The ice be in ice is a urge. Yeah. They merge with all these other people and it's gone downhill. Miami subs 24. Hardies 21, which we only pray that they were all over town. I love hardies. I love them wild shrunes man. Sure. Popeyes 20. Pizza Hut only 20. What a burger 19. Bojangles 18. Nathan's Hot Dog 16. Are they a kosher by the way? Oh. Crystal 12. Long John Silver 11. Churches cheek and had only 10 votes out of 1300. They had a 1310. They had the 10. Churches cheek and never right there. Do white people lead a church? Oh. You think? I wouldn't know. Well, why people lead a KFC? What about Bojangles and the churches? I guess white people must be at that. What's the other place that the chicken and a kitchen? I just want to stand there. Oh, I like it. Chicken kitchen. I mean, if I remember that other place where he used to serve all the soups that used to be on the skin of our. Oh, yeah. They were like a super salad. Yeah. But it was they were famous for their soups. Right. How many days did that lie? I heard a man. That was a good place. And it was one of those places where you paid by the pound. The salad. Something like that. Like, why? No. You, you, you, you waited. They would take your, um, they would take your plate and we'd pay by the weight. And it was great. And then they also had soups that was their special. The all different kinds of great soup. Man, I love soup. I could like to come both in soup. When O.G. Hey, look for the QM van today. This has nothing to do with us again. I don't want to get all excited like I did yesterday. And it was my bad because it really had nothing to do with us. I just was confused because it was while we were on here. This one is a while we're on here. The QM van 2 to 4 this afternoon. A grand-tare in auto located at 2025 Northwest, 67th Avenue, Miami Lakes. Miguel will be there. You can squeeze his privates. Stop by to get your grand prick pre-tickets. Also the best of me all stuff will be there. We know that nobody wants in this year. The C.E.S. Cacets, those more hard key change. Absolutely. Over like, Colava on the South Pole. That's a grand-tare in auto 2 to 4. Miami Lakes this afternoon. Please, please, you know. Well, we need his 10 bucks for 20, oh, I see for 20,000,500. I was thinking for 24 grand. We're not even... We're not even... We're not even... We're going nowhere fast. Because nobody wants my CDs as you. That's what Miguel said. Well thanks, Miguel. Shmuck. 10 or 13 and if I remember we're going to do when I get back to town, we're going to tie him up and let the Reen have her way. We're going to tie him up, Starkneaking. Let her just paw at him and claw on Grab and Squeeze. I don't think we can. Okay. Hey, if you're underpaid and overworked and treated like crap and a really marginal job, if you feel like you're working for peanuts, It's hard to like to get yourself a new high paying career, and you can still do it even on September 24th. You can still 23rd, whatever it is before the end of the year. Is it 24th? Yeah. Fast-train can have you train in certified before years and so column today and get yourself started on the road or real life in career. One, eight, six, six, fast-train. The demand for computer professionals continues to grow. Those no butter time and right now, to get you a new high paying career. Fast-train offers job placement as systems, convenient day-ning weekend schedules. With six floor locations including four in south Florida, there's bound to be a fast-train near you. Fast-train offers financial assistance for people to qualify as well. So what he got to lose be set a crappy dead end job and a real measly measly paycheck. By the way tomorrow's payday clearance, I just mentioned that in passing, you knit with, since he's not going to be there tomorrow and Friday tomorrow's payday clearance so today it'd be a real good time to make sure the check is in the mail as they say at measly. Call fast-train today at 1-866 fast-train, get out of your dead end job, and start making a big fat one. Check them out of the web at fast-train.com and call them tool-free. Please be sure and tell them that Todd Dreck told you to call 1-866 fast-train. For you, Drudge Packen? What's the matter, pal? Prozac now working. Lithium just doesn't seem to do it for you anymore. Are you unable to cope? Then you need to talk to your doctor about new? Fugget all. It'll all be coming for the holidays. Fugget all. Boss riding you again. Fugget all. Wife being a pain in the ass. Fugget all. Fugget all has been prescribed in Europe for years and thanks to a loophole in FDA regulations is now available in the good old US of A. Patients using Fugget all should be aware of the following side effects. Oiling discharge. Spontaneous air loss. Genital shrinking. Historic of Linus. He needs dogs. Uncertainly now, Fuggets. Correct the bleeding. And worms. So when the pressures of everyday life get you down. I need this on my desk by seven o'clock. Fugget all. I'm really curious because the that was in stereo from our best of CD. Okay. Now with those words dropping out when it was coming from one channel or the other did like monowow. Not on this I know. It was fine. Sure. Because I was really exciting because here with my reading nifty great expensive speakers it's not a fantastic. Anyway, the first pull is up this hour. If we had an election for president today and these were the choices. I think you vote for it. Ted Kennedy for the Democrats and George W Bush for the Republicans. First twenty votes people will discover that it's on there. Ted Kennedy nine. I wouldn't vote six George W Bush five. That's how it's going so far. Now you know there was a lady on there Scott and I was going to go to her first because then the ladies are very impatient. On the phone. And she's already gone. Yep. What was that all about? I don't know. God. You know, speaking to my family online seven. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Hey Neil actually I was I mean that's nice talking to you but I called asking you how can I send a hundred bucks to your abandoned pet network cause and they just put me on hold and I guess they're sending me to you now. Okay. Well we'll we'll tell you a hang on a second. I appreciate it. Hang on. Okay. Tell him what to do. Are we going to tell him what to do? Okay. Excellent. See there you go. Well that'll put us over twenty two thousand five. I mean this is really embarrassing. And I understand and you look at that Marlon attendance and it's easy to not but it's just this year. I was telling Martha this morning while he was in the middle of all those tears about the gastrointestinal of pus or what your gone or whatever he's got. That it's scary. There is really just nobody there. I mean there's enough. There are enough people there with a kids in school and school buses and the traffic nightmares to make it held driving. But they're just not enough people there to accomplish anything and it seems to be like a new phenomenon. It's not just during the summertime it goes all the way until the so-called season starts. The only people who are there kids that they got people with punky kids in school and that's it. Right. Well people would just kick it down loud. Hold me in. Oh, what is this? North Army based chicken kitchen hopes to have spanned into Chicago and Las Vegas. How do you like that? Never heard Mr. Mr. the bird that, well, what kind of a name is that? The older this thing. Mr. the bird you're right. I never saw that with a capital E on the end with an ascental. But what is that? That never saw a name that's got a capital E on the end of it. Did you? Nope. It's obviously a French thing. Mr. the bird. But a rate. City thought his doors needed to go to the gym and put on some lipstick. So chicken kitchen offered a great product but allows you look he's spending your in a half and 150 to 200 grand to give it a facelift. All the stores are going to be refashioned. The franchise is going to have five years to upgrade. Menu prices will hold steady. Still as cheapest traditional fast food he said. And Yadiyani Yadiyani. So the trend was spanned away to go to Chicago and Vegas and according to some of the people in the audience it's sensational. You're all chicken kitchen. Never heard of it. By the way, this poll we're going to be doing later. Which wouldn't start on any time since it is Wednesday and we got that one to two comedy vids are which really frost some people we don't care. Who is your favorite sportscaster of all time? I wanted to do it because we could have done a series of those too but because we have a lot of people in science don't care about sports that would be bad. So I'm like the dead people. Let's stick with. You know, we can have dead sportscasters on here but sportscasters covering play by play color god guys. People at talk sports on the air like the hump or people like that. So that's that's the list I started with so far. Who's your favorite sportscaster of all time? This will be the second poll today. The main event. Here's the list so far. Rick Weaver, Mel Allen, Red Barber, Jim Manage, Hank Willberg. I hate sports. We have to have that on there because we get a lot of votes. I hate sports. Job Bullon, Bill Hewitt, Fred Cusick, Bob Prince, Vince, Gully, Foster, he would or Sonny Hirsch. That's a good list so far. You even George would agree with that and he wouldn't know what it now we're talking about. What? But you know who a lot of those people are. I know what you're talking about. Sports. Right. So that's going to be the second poll. Fifty votes on the presidential poll. Just close your eyes and pray and wish that we had that election right now. I'll tell you one thing for Fath Ted Kennedy. Set and Shabba Quittick in that dead bitch aside. Mary Joe, Komenishi still dead. Set and that aside man. He's had one of the few people that had the balls. Him and Howard Dean to open up a mouth and really blast this this lying son of a bitch that we got there until it like it is. Poor Teddy. Yeah. He paid his parents. He could have been a contender. If we had the election right now today Ted Kennedy 25 I wouldn't vote 13 George W. Bush 12. I didn't like that. How do you look then Green apples? I'll take it. I'll speak to the misfudge. That's the reason I play that to the drug reporting. Guess what's on the top news? It's a raccoon naked ass. I guess you miss a naked guy's ass. Miss Fudge probably really into that big time. So to speak. Figured to be speaking man of course. Man. As the final days of the historic California we call election year another historic development is unfolded behind the scenes behind the scenes and then we'll play the one words probably. Campaign operatives are scrambling to contain full nudity, ratic photographs taken by controversial Robert Maple Thorpe, full nude photographs of Arnold Schwarzenegger. It says controversialist. Yeah. That's what it said. The controversialist. The shocking news of Republican Schwarzenegger have been kept under lock in the estate of Robert Maple Thorpe in New York. The Fudge report is learned. The Fudge report is a political tharp who's infamous self-portrait with a bull whip inserted in his aim as a spectrum as well as many photographs of chemises and men engaging in homosexual acts. I'm sure of which Matt has a large collection. Consider Schwarzenegger one of his favorite subject court sources posted late artist tell Miss Fudge. I do like that. There's a picture. Well it's kind of like blurred out. You know there's a picture of Arnold naked from the ass end. Hello. Yeah. What an ass. Oh, speaking of that. This will get Miss Fudge all whipped up to a frenziesian. He's just listening obviously right now. And by the way, you're welcome Matt for a given story for me immediately about the California the courts in I.S. I know that's where you got it. Because we had to be forheated. Students cut off penis and tongue after drinking hallucinogenic tea. Are you ready for that? No. A student cut off his own penis and his tongue after drinking an infusion of the latest drug crazed to sweet Germany. The 18 year old named only is Andreas Dubbedier from Halle and Germany drank a tea made with the hallucinogenic angels trumpet plants. I guess he ain't got no trumpet no mole. No. His mother said Andreas was behaving normally the whole day until he left the house and disappeared of the garden for a couple of minutes. When he returned to the house he was wearing a towel wrapped around him and was bleeding heavily from his mouth and between his legs. And she said, you call that a penis? Emergency doctor arrived a few minutes later said the students cut off his penis and his tongue with a garden shears and it was impossible to reattach the organs. If they were going to reattach him I sure hope they put him in my place. There's a look for him. Can you imagine that? I'm the man now. No. Quit rubbing your tongue. Andreas could get a job in the movies with that. Dr. Andreas Minero says I guess they're all named Andreas there in that town. And the local psychiatric hospital, the student was admitted to said Andreas will have to receive psychological help for years. Tea from angels trumpets is extremely dangerous as the drug cannot be dosed. Hey. I don't know what that means. Angels trumpets known for their fragrant and trumpet shaped flowers have increasingly become poppillers and alternative drug in Germany. I'd air like that. I suppose crazy kids. But those crazy Germans cut off their penises in their tongues. 560 pound 560 on a AT&T will build that other folder with the sportscasters to them sure to be like a whole bunch of 30 minutes. 200 names on there. In the meantime 91 votes on a presidential pool were have an election right now this moment. Ted Kennedy's got 50 votes out of 91. George W. Bush 22. I wouldn't vote 19. And the fact that George W. Bush's got 22 votes is enough to make me. Pearl. But that's a way. That's why we take the polls. 26 after 10 at 560 W. Q. M. We got the mad dog at 2 the humpers on 4 to 630 another tough 2.5 hour show for Hank this afternoon. And we got Marlon's on deck at 630. This is it, baby. To fill these at the Marlon's if they went to night they're in a driver seat. They can then you. They can come with a whisker of clinching at Wildcard with the wind tonight. If they don't have more than 25,000 people tonight, we're going to make Scott Junior into a human sacrifice right on the show tomorrow. Don't you think that's a good idea? Bernal Ivour. Yeah, the carbonated set for him to show up. Any candidate based ball game Joe and Mark overnight 2 to 5 at a.m. before the moment. You know, everybody seems to be on a low carb diet today whether it's atkins, sound beat, die, sugarbubbusters or countless of others. The one thing they all have in common is to eat the best tasting lowest carb, sugarfree foods. A visit to Delights a Westbook and your search will be over because I've been talking about these people for a long, long time with good reason. It's your low carb store. They've got over a thousand low carb products like bagels and breads, cheesecakes, muffins, brownies, chocolates, pasta, sauces, cheese, chips, dips, soups, ketchups, carbolite ice cream and lots more. And don't forget to try this once new items like champion light drinks and five delicious flavors. Champion light is back. That sounds like some good freebies come in George. Walnut brownies back in Troll Carb. Other than the light chocolate chip cookies, carbohydrate, candy, coated chocolate, covered peanuts, peanuts, but Apple cinnamon granola by carbsense and crunchy, pinchle, a pretzel by carbsense. In other words, Zidians are great items with low carbs or maybe no carbs. Don't forget to let the Westbook even try each and every product before you buy it through open every day, seven days a week, 10 to 10. They're on the Northeast corner of glaze and 441. Right next to Boston Market, George, like I always say, but you're not paying any attention. But thanks to Boston Market, or Colin Tulfrey at 1, 877 low carb, run away with low carb.com. The lights are west book, and this is your official Atkins retail center. You call it is so freaking cold. And I cringe every time the wind blows. In my pants, something is shrinking. I'm so cold, I can't lip-sync. That's because it's a little baby. And I cannot feel my toes. There's a tingling in my fingers. And my pride, the parts of the room. Oh, my nose is about to fall. There's a cloud every time that I call. And my hands are blue. They are turning home. They might have you dead. My thoughts are right. Let's be calm and feel baby. I can barely move my mouth. I'm a red hot lock in love. But first I need you be the one I need. And if I need you be for the out. That's the girl's. Rectom. 1033. At 560 WDQM we got 123 votes at the election for President. We're being held today. Right this minute. Oh, there's rum spell. The way I would respond to your questions. Senator Bird is this. 123 votes. 10 Kennedy 66. I wouldn't vote 29. George's WDB 28. So, Teddy's got 53 in the above 0.6% and George WDB is got 22.7% and we got like 20. Some would lay out. It just lay it out. Who's your favorite sports cast or all time? Can be a play by play guy? Can be a color guy? Can be like a not colored guy? I got it. Does a sports show unlike a radio? Like a Humper? For example, I just use him as a example. Right? Right? 560. 560. On the AT&T line, here's Westchester. Hello. Uncle Neil. Yes sir. What's up dude? I don't. I have a couple of godfather comments and then I got an awesome movie for you. I've never heard anybody tell you about that. It's the best. Mama. Mama. Yeah. The best part in the for me. The best part in the godfather is when Michael shows up at the hospital to see his dad. And he finds that all the guards have been sent away and then he has the Baker stay was him next to him. Yeah. No forget when he goes in and hears the record is stuck. Right. Christmas music. That happened to him and Godfather too by the way. But the thing is he likes to cigarette and he realizes that his hands are shaking and that he's actually cut out for that line of work. That's like for me that's the best part. The other party realized he was cut out for that line of work. That's kind of the way I see it like he sees that his hands aren't shaking. He's like, hey, you know, maybe I could be a gangster. Bobby Dan. My question about the godfather in part three until now I thought it was to tag about Varginia all along to tag with a parent of tagdia. Whatever. In part three is Michael's son. Think to him a song. He like does a little solo there on the guitar. I forget that he was song. I've heard a couple different ways. What I can. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. Where can I just whatever hurt or for you? I'm very important. Has anyone ever heard the recording that's actually in the movie? Because that's like a different kind of a version from that. Yeah. He'll put Reno. I have an version to that version. He'll put Reno is the godfather. Anyway, let's go. For a sound of the godfather. There's this, there's a movie. It's a Cuban film. It's called Festa, Chobolati, which means strawberry and chocolate. And it's about a Maricón and Cuba who hooks up with this guy who's real cat, orchestral. And he starts to like seduce him. And at the same time he guy corrupts him. He starts giving him a little bit of Western influence. Like I think he gives him a shimmest regal and he gives him some other stuff. And it's a great film because it's like, you know, you have the parallel, the guys. And at the same time he's corrupting him. It's a really good film. If you can see that one, you're going to love it. Well, what's the name of it? Festa, Chobolati. Oh. Strawberry and chocolate. It's instant. So you've got to read the subtitles. No problem. If you could check that one out, you're going to love that film. My highly recommend it. If anyone else. I've seen it, tell them to give you a call. Watch out for them. I'm a singer's brand. I'm a Romano team body. Okay. I'm a star. I'm a lady. I'm a crazy girl. I'm a crazy girl. I'm a crazy girl. I'm a crazy girl. What are you saying? I said, could you go away? I'm a crazy girl. I'm a crazy girl. Oh, say, where did you say? I love you, piano. I say, fart on your piano. Oh, man. But I was all down. The mystery man. The music. See, how did we get started on the godfather again? I don't know what I mean. Oh, I mean, I wrote a piece of paper for it. Huh? I'll wrote lead to the godfather. I'm a damn man. A music is so schmolsy. It's just everything about it. The music, the acting, the characters, the old photography, the old old, your leave. Keep binding for your father. And it was a canola man. Such canola. Anyway, here's a call from Viral Beach, hello. Deal? Yes, sir. Good morning. Where's your book coming out? Uh, we from circus. You're still having trouble, or what? How big you're for? You're book on the buffet. Yeah, we from circus, like I said. Okay. So, get that area carried to your list. Carry carry. How can I love carry off it? Or what is your problem? Why? When did he lie in? I'm good. Okay, thanks, pal. I have a great day. He was like a little, you know. 567, 0560, my good close personal friend, Harry, Kary, do I remember that trip to Chicago when I met you? Remember because you were there about 10 minutes, right? I spent more time on my busily over in Chicago than I did on that trip. Oh, this Elpadino thing. It's just Elpadino. Elpadino, still playing. I'll be dancing. Hey, new. Fuck you. Yeah, Harry was trying to say that. You'll be dancing. You're the only opera singer we're still singing. Don't forget, by the way, you're a Jeff Irver and Denise Potpan, Bobblehead Dolls. For those of you who are really desperate. The Panthers are peddling something about that. We heard yesterday. You hear that? No. 567, 0560. I understand that the Irver Bubble Head Doll actually reaches out in Graham's money out of your wallet is what I'm hearing. 567, 0560, pound 560 out of the AT&T in Verizon, wireless line. I would pay for one of them Denise Potpan, Bobblehead Dolls. I'm sure we can get one. How seriously it was realistic? I'll say it. And if it would say little things like... I feel really, really happy. Yeah, some of Denise's great drop-ins. But just pull the string. Here's our West Palm Beach, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I want to put a pole. A former Ranger and Giant announced a Jim God. Jim Gordon was great. Not well-known outside of New York, but Jim Gordon was sensational. And he also did a great job on boxing, too. Yeah, he was a great boxer. I just wanted to add him and then also Lindsey Nelson for baseball. You like Lindsey Nelson yet? He had those neat sports jackets. Yeah, he had a plug and didn't have any night to recharge it. Yeah. Okay, thanks, pal. All right, thanks a lot. Lindsey Nelson, I didn't like him. He was... But I mean, he was... He lost, we better put on our Kirk Gaudy because people of Ophoram. But Lindsey Nelson was... He was just there a long time. Had like Bob Murphy in a mess. Did they lie in dry-up? Yeah, really affected Southern Cornpone. Lion drive. I guarantee it was his name. Dave Van Boing won't be on his list. You better not call that in vote for Dave Van Boing. You clowns, because I won't put him on there. I mean, he's exciting as the Marlin Season has been and all this tremendous. And how to help we must have manufactured those promos. The one thing we just played for about five minutes, 30 into the break. But when I forgot about a half an hour, you must have manufactured that. Because he never got that excited. Even when he had an orgasm with his hot wife. He never got as excited as on that promo. I just wanted to run the other hand. Booster should be doing a whole game. You're right, Dave Van Boing. Send it back to Montreal. The team that's going to be extinct. I can't go to have Boogon here. He was on there. There were some boogster calls. You better. No, no, no, no. Talking about on this poll. Oh, Boogchambi. Your favorite sportscaster of all time. Okay, put him on. You know how he spells last name. S-C-I-A-M-B-I. Yeah. I know how to spell Boogchambi and Sunny Hirsch and Harry Carrey. Every other name that gets mentioned on this poll today. But Jim Gordon. This is going to be difficult. Jim Gordon. I got Jim Gordon. Lindsey Nelson. Kurt Gaudy. Kurt Gaudy. What? G-O-D. W-W-Y. Should be able to handle that. How about G-O-W-D-Y? What did I say? G-O-D-W-Y. G-O-D. Oh, good. D-A-M-N. 10-41-5-60-5-10-M. I'm all whipped up from a forerlder. He got me inspired after I saw that crappy crowd. At least see him all lie about it. He won't cover up like somebody other people. And I'll even say that for Mo. Okay. I can't say much for him. But I'll say this for Mo. He signed the O-J-A-Kama, which he was right about. And also about the attendance man. It's-Bushly would be a compliment. And when any K-Goes-Zunner, well, we don't care about the crowd. You know that's- Well, how to grab his ass? No, that's a cop-out. That's trying to cover up for the fact it's a bushley town. And that time won't support anything. And it's a bunch of hurt-running phonys. Okay? And all this crap about building a stadium and all- For what? For the same 25,000 people at max. And that's about Dull Lake and G- Unless they're given away some goddamn free Bobble head though. Or some freebie crap? Man, oh, man, oh, man. You-you people ought to be ashamed in South Florida. What if the disgrace have no shame? You're right. Just like yesterday at that Brewer County Convention Center, it's one deep buck sweet raise, but at the meantime, Miguel had a line of assholes standing up for freebies to spin the wheel for free Marlon tickets. Yeah, big Marlon fans. So they went in the last 50 people deep standing up to spin the wheel. Out the wheel, reach that big aback. Asholes crappy wheel to them. Yeah, crappy wheel. Try to view it's the best in the city. That's what Miguel says when it comes up in spin the wheel, he says, try to view it's the best in the city. He can't 40 to 560 and then the full market between the eyes. VIPsportsbook.com is the best in town, maybe South Florida's best sportsbook. It's not located in some 80-fifth world country like Costa Rica or Guatemala or Inca Raguah. Or one of those is like, what's that British guina? What do they call it now? Look at back to you. Yeah. And anyway, it's located in the Netherlands. 100% legal and licensed the biggest and oldest in the most famous sportsbook in the Netherlands. Amsterdam? Lots of holes? Listen to me and call VIPsportsbook.com right now at 1-866 VIP. That's lasted drugs. Cause VIPsportsbook.com is South Florida's best sportsbook. You'll be an ecstasy when you do business with these folks. Sign up now and even bet all year long in the South Florida football and basketball teams. You'll be a good news free. That's right. Positively, juice free. Like we pray that all the future golf tournaments will be juice free. Whoever on the dolphins is 100 to 100. You want to bet on the hurricanes is 100 to 100. So forget about the vigorous. All signups get a 20% cash bonus. Not some funny money cranky match play bonus. It's probably bogus in the first place. A legitimate 20% cash bonus. VIPsportsbook.com. That's where you find them online or call them tool free at 1-866 VIP bets. That's 1-866 VIP bets. Be sure to tell me what about it here on sports neurotic. You'll be the VIPs. Rhy and local. We're sports radio 5-60's U-A-M. For these titties. I'm just a very ordinary kid. If I had trouble scoring, got you cursed if my fly. I'm a very ordinary kid and a big guy. We live extraordinarily privileged lives. We spoil our kids. And she never wipes. We all went drinking at a cocktail bar. Men of few girls. It drove them home in the car. We're just very ordinary kid and a big guy. Very ordinary kid and a big guy. One try to get away. I chase her to the yard. She used some cute cheats too. It made me so hard. The co-stops are there. Wimps is there. We're outside the wall. Inside the compound. We're just very ordinary kid and a big guy. We're just very ordinary kid and a big guy. A lot of kids. We're just very ordinary kid and a big guy. We're just very ordinary kid and a big guy. We're just very ordinary kid and a big guy. We're just very ordinary kid and a big guy. We're just very ordinary kid and a big guy. We're just very ordinary kid and a big guy. I mean, I like Bill and he was good. He even finds it humorous. He's laughing at it. He was good. He was good to the solid job. No BS. No new Rogers comments during the game. Here's sunrise. sunrise. Hey Neil. Yes sir. That sportscaster George Kelp. If Rocky could get a hold of one now in storm and Norman hit one, the Tigers would be right back in it. Tell you what you knew was summertime in your dead voice. He was just awful, but I'll put him down for you. I want to put only Harwell. Ernie, Ernie, Harwell too. Okay. Let's say we're going to put George Kelp on there as kind of a joke. Let's put only Harwell or any of us. Okay. How come Leslie Clark's not on your pole for president? But we were just doing like one against one right now. We'll do a pull Wesley Clark against a bush. We'll do that. We'll do that tomorrow the first hour. Wesley Clark's demand. Okay. What about your restaurant? She never put braised burgers or wubs on there. No, because they don't exist no more. Have a great day, pal. See this guy's, you know, he's okay. But he wants he likes George Kelp. What does that say? George Kelp is the most Yahoo. Another ex-Joc, you know? Ex-Joc. I mean, if Rocky could hit one now. Yeah, just a drooling idiot. But I put him on there. And Ernie Harwell, the great Ernie Harwell would just retire last year. How soon they forget, huh? Even you know Ernie Harwell. Who? The great tiger announcer and former Orioles announcer. And formerly the Dodgers announcer. In fact, Ernie Harwell also called the Bobby Thompson on more than 1951 on a radio. But nobody or on TV, I guess. I know one that Paul A. Everybody's forgotten about it. But the worst hide is one from the radio is the one everybody else got. What? I know one that Paul A. Everybody's forgotten about it. Should probably be on the list. Okay. Neil Rogers. No. Okay. Now that's self-aggrandizing. I'm not sure why we have dead sports night at the UM Games. But that's just as tonight. No, I'd say I don't like doing that. I'm not. I'm not looking to bend over. Sir, you might can look my Toshi. Okay. I don't like that. No, I have a minute. He just started to heal up right now after all that bacon. I'm not seriously. My words are just starting to heal up right now. After all that 40 pounds of bacon, I ate that one day. It killed me. Turn my kishki's out. And you want me to bend over like I'm licky licky licky. No. You can borrow the whole thing. I don't need that. I don't need that affirmation. I know I'm damn good. That's what I wanted to pursue. I could have been the best play by play guy in the history of the human race. I'm telling you right now. You'd rather made some money though. I'd rather make some money. I'm not going to compete with a bunch of a liter of jocs like dizzy dean who slud into third George Carell. Only Rocky could get a hold of one now. You know Rocky, Colvito? No, you don't. How about you? Scott remembers Rocky, Colvito's name. He didn't know Rocky, Colvito. Huh? Sure, dude. Got hit in the eye. Rune is career. Storm and Norman Cash. No? Huh? 200. I bet. I bet. 200. Seven votes on a pull shut up. 10. Kennedy 109. 52.6%. I wouldn't vote. 54.1%. George W. Bush 48.23.1%. Oh, oh. 23.1% of the audience would vote to reelect George W. Bush. Shame on you, people. What the hell are you thinking about? Are you crazy or what? Yeah. Rough your rocker? Yeah. You're not. Some kind of a county pickle lunatic. Yeah. You like massive kistic? Yeah. You want to see the world get blown up by a bunch of parvisant or right wing born again. Yeah. That explains it again. 560. 560. 560. 560. On the AT&T in Verizon. Wireless line. So many names are going to be on this list. And then we only got to one o'clock because we got to. And this this pull of this presidential thing will end at 11. Okay. I. Well, we got over 200 votes on there already in just over half an hour. It's pretty impressive. He acts me. I think it's clear cut. And tomorrow just to make this last group pop in this last guy. I happy. We'll do Wesley Clark and George W. We'll keep track of how Teddy did today. We'll see how Wesley Clark does tomorrow. General Wesley Clark. Retired. Retired general Wesley Clark. We'd a former commentator on CNN. Maven all around the good guy. Former Supreme Allied commander of the NATO for the last. He's not helping once upon a time. And then he said, well, I'll be a Democrat. You know, whatever you want. See, I don't care about that. If we anybody that we can get in there to beat Bozhe. I'm all for him. Okay. I don't care about it. Wesley Clark Clark Kent. Lois and Clark. Here's Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Hi. I wanted to add a couple of names to that. How about a holy cow and also. Down goes free. My boy, Howard Co. He was also a great man. Well, 102 and Betzuma Zuto and although you see a holy cow, he still has Mary Kira. But that's okay. Fobazuto the scooter was awful. And Howard Co. So that's probably the best. Remember boxing line from all time. Down goes free. You're right. Okay, Neil. Thank you, sir. All the less cater was a better boxing and answer in Howard Co. So we could put a monitor. But no, be remember who that is. Hank remembers less cater. I guarantee you that. And I've actually more remembers that. Let's see. Oh, here you go. This is a good facts. Excellent. Van Miller who's retiring after the season the 800 year voice that he buffalo bills. That's a good one. He's great. Here's what it says. How about the legendary Van Miller who by the way is returning after the season. And he's on there. Right now, do you get him on your Van Miller? Got it. Great. Broadcast. You're outstanding. I was at the Marlins game last night. It'll be my last one ever. They had only one concession stand open to the line wrapped around like a ride at Universal. I waited for 45 minutes online to get a hot dog in a beer which both were margin led best. I had no choice but to wait because I skipped dinner went directly to the park for work. They had no vendors walking around the aisle either. Screwed the Marlins. Their bogus playoff run and their fully effort to supply a solid product. This team only has two to three players under contract for next season. Where are they kidding? I know I sound bitter but keep in mind that Colonel resideness out for it. Well there you go. I understand. It's a great touch. This is. Help get me out of here. I wish I could hit the rest of the recent button on my life. This is the resideness of Jay but I do love the show. That could change it like you. There's Greyhound buses leaving every 20 minutes. Get on one. Best movie you'll ever make. Get out of that horse and buggy town. Yeah, you can't beat the winners at the pp park. Because what I'm here. You can't beat the pp at the winner park. 1056 at 560 WQM. If you're trying to beat the fat. If you try to lose some weight. Here's something you ought to really try. You ought to consider it balance for life. It's working for the beast and of course he's a marginal human being anyway. And lots of real people are listening audience are losing weight like crazy. You'll start seeing results within a matter of days because they figured out a lot of four year time based on Dr. Barry Sears' own diet. And they prepare all the food. The only choice you have to make is fill it out that menu once a week. You pick between two choices for each meal and snack every day that you're on a program. You've facts them the menu and that's it. They do all the rest. All the cooking all the preparing. They deliver right your door by 6 a.m. Every day. A little black sack. And in your sack is all the food you need to keep you happy and full and satisfied. And healthy. Three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks. And I do mean delicious fresh. The best ingredients money can buy nothing frozen. No preservatives, no chemicals. No crap. So if you really sick and tear to be in fat. If you're really in truly one lose the weight once and for all. Here's the delicious easy way to do with no calorie counting. No carb counting. Let them do all the work. Balance for life. Call them today at 954. 56683229. 954. 56683229. Or check them on at wickedweb at balanceforlife.com. 955. And low. This is sports video 5664. You're a new man. A bad. New one fox. From the producers of the OCE comes a new drama that you'll become obsessive compulsive about. Introducing the OCD. We need to get something straight. You want to break up with me? No. I want you to help me straighten all the food items in my refrigerator. I love you. The OCD. It's Fox Television's new number one. 23467910 show. You have such big, strong hands. Do you know what I want you to do with those hands? Uh, watch them five times in a row with water that's exactly 111 degrees Fahrenheit. And a counterclockwise circular motion. Yes. Yes. So grab a nice cold beverage. Sit back and enjoy the OCD. But first make sure your cat isn't stuck in the refrigerator. I wonder if the cat's just sneak in again. Better check it again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. Don't miss any OCD. Hopefully on Fox and catch a special encore presentation. Next week. And it's been edited down to three minutes for those with ADP. It's 111 at 560WQ and I love that. That's great. So here's the final total from our first poll today. And tomorrow we'll do Wesley Clark in the first Oregon surdw. If I'd maybe fertile out like the next few days, we'll do a different democratic SWH day here. Just to see how our audience is doing. Alright. I use some real winners too. Like, Joe Lieber, Mike Caramel's Lee Brown. Yeah. For Julie Lieberman? Sure. Any of them. I'd love to do that one. Let's see. I think he would lead for it spelled very badly here. Kay would lead for it was the longtime voice of the Kentucky Wildcats. He would also was a racing answer. I do believe in Kentucky, wasn't he? I think he called a Kentucky Derby one time on a radio. So how do you spell it? Um, because I already bought it that way. I guess you can spell it that way. I guess maybe that's right. I don't know. I never saw his name in writing. Kay would lead for it. I'm surprised anybody knows who that was. I remember his kid here in those Kentucky Wildcats games on here. The Kentucky Wildcats. What the Wildcats. That's what you used to say. He was good. A very stintory in voice. Thanks Rick and Keylar, go thank you. A name from the past. Kay would lead for it. Anyway, 251 votes on a presidential pool. If the election was right now. And you had Ted Kennedy against George W. Bush. Teddy gets 134 votes. That's 53.2%. Power, 53.3%. Like I said. Uh, wouldn't vote 59, 23.5%. And George W. Get's, uh, votes he got. 60 votes. Which is 23.2%. Just think he's changing. I mean, don't you hate what happens? Hey 250. I guess I better print out the last one there. One moment please. Okay. 258. So let me say it again. Kennedy 135. Wouldn't vote 63. And W gets 60 or 23.2%. Of our liberal county, pinko audience. Okay. Which we're very proud of by the way. You people would vote for Bush. Shame on you. We're going to make sure. Next year election. We're going to make sure you can vote this time. Last time you made sure the dark post couldn't vote. We're going to make sure you're not allowed to vote this time. Oh, you're one of the Bush people at back home. Now can you imagine if it turned out to be dick ham heart against George Bush? Hmm. You can have like tube gigantic tube bumper stickers. Let's lick dick in 2004 or let's like Bush in 2004. And the surprise out of Republicans is the only votes of counter in San Francisco. Oh. There's a yellow way around. I'm certain. Oh, look at this 800 pages. It just came up here. I just printed that thing out. I hate when it happens. Don't get it. It's way it goes. 258 deaths. The final vote. Now we get to the important poll. The main more than they let me just stick that over there. My uh, things to do calm. Because they my pile. The main one today. Who's your favorite sports cast or of all time? Here's the list we have so far. Rick Weaver. The great Rick Weaver. Boy, sure Miss him, you know. All right. It sounded to me like you were starting to like suck around with more a little bit. I think you're starting to like change your time. Yeah, I'm going to go to lunch. We're going to golf together. It sounded like that to me this morning. And I'm starting to rethink my position on the whole thing. You know what? Do you believe me? No. Oh. The past beginning to blow the blow that he, uh, pull the place election. I miss Rick Weaver. I love Rick Weaver. He was a, he was just something about that voice about the whole thing about the way he smelled, which wasn't too good. Rick Weaver, mel Allen. The great mel Allen. Red barber. Highly overrated by the way. Jim managed the great Jim mad dog mad. Oh, right. Best your favorite sports catcher. Not necessarily play by play could be the color guy. Uh, Hank Goldberg could be a talk show guy like Hank. I hate sports. That'll be on here because we have a lot of you people out there that resent sports that despise it to probably a bunch of pansies. Joe Bowen, the great voice that he threw out on Maple Leafs, Bill Hewitt, the former great voice Fred Cusick. The Boston Bruins, Bob Prince who has my, from my money, the greatest. Who am I going to vote for? I don't even know. I don't even know. Huh? That's not a good idea. Well, what tell you, you don't know he's going to vote. Well, you already said you've been a vote for Hank. Probably your boo. Well, everybody I like. Hank appreciates that very much. But you're doing that. But you're even listening to his shows. See, that's the part of the interest. I have that. But just because you know, he's not going to be there. So there you suck in his ass a little bit, you know. Right. The few seconds as well. It's that fucking of the lead song. And go to the fire wing. The almond. Almond is set up to the right. He's back. He's back. He's back. He's back. He's back. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. See, when you're a Toronto Maple Leaf fan, just like it's being a dolphin fan, you have to live in a distant past. Because that's what a good stuff happened. 100 years ago. That's a great bill, you know it. Bob Prince Vince Scully highly overrated very boring. Foster you it. Sunnyhurst. Perry Kerry. Oh, too bad. I don't have that Foster. Henderson. Oh, he just was awful. Harry Kerry, Jim Gordon, Lindsey Nelson, Kurt Gaudy, who's Shambi, the ghost who's really moving up in the world, which again, I should probably play just a little bit of. Yeah. A little bit of. Huh? Well, no, we do like Boogalai. I do. And look at that. Just knocked it down on the other side. Oh, I got a little carried away there, you know. Harry's carried away. Yeah. So excited. We love Boogalai. Good guy. Orange here though. Look after us. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. This is a deal with all the apologies to anybody who's a literate and articulate and can spell their name. Mohour David. He'll get some votes. I want to give you a kiss. That's a good thing. Goes in for George Carroll, or any Harwell, Phil Rosuda, the scuda. Only Kyle, he didn't say with an H. He sent only Kyle. He was awful. Howard Cousel. Don't go as frazier. Don't go as frazier. Even George remembers those words. Any? Nope. Yeah. Fan Miller and Keywood Ledford, the great Kentucky guy. I'm sure he called a Kentucky Derby once upon a time somewhere somehow. Some old fart will tell us. See, we got to get the old farts because the younger people are all on the time anyway. They got out. They left. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello? Hello? Yes sir. Howard Cousel? Yeah. And Canadians are whimps and so are you. You tacky. Okay. Thanks a lot. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T in Verizon, wireless line. But thanks for listening to the top right in the Arragile Show on 560 WQ8M. Thank you so much. That was Orlando Elzagiri doing a voice. Oh, good job. Good. At least he heard that Spanglish Baby Talk sound. Nice going to the big. Oh. We're not putting him on there for obvious reasons. Here's Pompano. Hello? Yeah. Yes sir. Okay. I've got two for you. Well, no way. Wait a minute. Let me say it again. Because if I allow you to do this, I am asking who is your favorite sportscaster while they're not who are your two favorites. Not who are your 10 favorites. Okay. I just want to have one for two different sports. That's why. A wonderful for hockey. It's Dan Kelly. Dan Kelly was great. And by the way, his son John Kelly with a Colorado Avenue. He starts. And that's what's always great Scott. Race Scott from the Green Bay Packer of Packers. And if you want to have a little joke on Joe the Gacky. He's really pain. You have a listen until you show. Race Scott had a little bit of a inviting problem, but he was great. He's terrific. I remember those wonderful days when each team had their own announcer Chris Shankly used to the giant schemes and King Coleman did the grounds. Race Scott was the of Vikings. I mean, I remember a Chris Shankly very much. Yeah. The others. I'm not too familiar with. Like they put the Gacky on it. You'll get a feel for how many they're doing. You know what I'll put them on there. Just as the joke vote. Okay. There you go. Thanks, pal. Other great day, Neil. You too. Joe's a Gacky man. He's the best. Okay. Let's see. Here's what it says. Oh, I know. That's not right. That's not the correct spelling. Without a why. I think it was. You can't spell. K would without a. Why? Right. Wouldn't think so. That's like Eddie Haywood without a. Why? Hey. Remember Eddie Haywood on deck of records. Some are breeze. No. I bet your book of Brian does. See, this is one of the great things about being an old fart. You have all of this unbelievable information. It's all useless. It's all embarrassing because it makes you seem real old and I am. And I'm proud of it. I'm pleased. 567.0560. Pomp 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. I'd rather be an old, drizzle old fart than lay on punk light. Scott, who thinks that the cubs are going to win a goddamn pen. Let's see. Who's your favorite? Oh, that's right. He's a parents fan. No. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Front runer. New York Yankees. Oh, Jesus. Christ, like I said, what's wrong with a pirate's? He's a crazy. Who the hell is all Annie for Terry's? Been doing a Paris a long time. He's awful. He's not awful, but he's his very, very weak. You know, on the heels of the Great Bob Prince and Jim Wood, Stavigar like Lani for Terry and Rosie rose well a hundred years ago before you were born. Open the window at many here at comes. Anyway, who's your favorite sport? Who's your favorite sportscaster of all time? I don't know whom I'm good of all four. Yeah. Huh? I voted for Hank. I already know. I voted for Boob just to be different. Oh right, I like that. Well Boob's a great guy. We love Boob. He's a great talent. He's one of the good. He sucks on the talk show. But he's a play by play. Lost all that weight. He's got to hurt. Lost a lot of weight. He looks like a human being. He's not some kind of a fag. Jim manages got four and Howard Coastal. He ever seemed to get it? Oh, I tell you. I think Jim manages to be a incarnation of Howard Coastal. That'll go as appreciate. Down goes mold. Down goes mold. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. Pound five. I voted for Boob. He was just because nobody else is going to. And as a young lab growing up, he came a hockey fan thanks to listen to the Boob. He would on CBL Toronto. Find the face off. Let him get out of the belly. Kick him. Oh. Lainey McDonald with that big handle bar mustache. Remember Lainey don't you George? Oh yeah. Five, six, seven. Five, six, seven, five, six, seven, five, sixty. Pound five, sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Why sure where's they were hearing me doing a show in Toronto today? Because these people least know something about the hockey and ounce using something about sports and about life. Just besides blowing up the whole rest of the guy. They were all like you're in the 70th of voice. Yeah. That's all he merkin. I was about now is violence and killing people. Just ask Michael Moore. He'll tell you. Leafs one last night. Yeah, at least one in Montreal. Two to one, a meeting with sex division. Game a couple of the kids from the AHA, scored the two goals. By the way, just in case you're keeping track Scott. Scott's keeping track of the exhibition hockey games. Which were very proud of that. Because once hockey season starts, are we going to be a hockey intensive on his show or what? I think George is going to be doing like a whole bunch of hockey shows with the rumor. Look at him. I'm pretty sure why. Get's beyond anything. There's Leafs TV. They got some hot babe under just the running around naked in the ice. And there is the racing from George and downs. I'm sure that all you people want to hear this stuff. Don't you hear it? Oh, he put it up. No. Oh, look at this Marvalbard. As the best sportscaster and cross-dresser. Marvalbard. He's not a cross-dresser. He just likes to address up a little bit. Marvalbard's good. You know, he hates him. I give up. Absolutely. No. Because Marvalbard's now doing money and football. Oh, oh. So I guess maybe a little joke. Also as a joke, Dennis Miller. No, we're not going to do that. I like it with jokes. Those are the gankies and stuff of the joke. Okay. Okay. Here's a listed judge. He says, before I moved to Florida, Stirless and Neil God, I used to spend my time listening to Ned Martin and Jim Woods calling a red talk scene. Jim Woods, I'm going to put Jim Woods on there, George. Okay. He was never the top announcer, but he was with the Yankees, the Pirates of the Red Talks and he was excellent. I love Jim Woods. Oh, brother was he good. Jim Woods and Bob Princeton are a pirate games and Jim Woods melaline red barber on the Yankees. Those were the days when we didn't have all these little red dots on there. And all the junk. When we had like real broadcasts, it was great. Even George wishes he'd have been born and he might even become a sports fan. Yeah. But I doubt it. Well, he'd rather play it than look at it. Oh, great. The pens on who it is. It was Brittany and the Christine Agalary. You might look at it and play it. Play with it. 11 14 at 560 WQM. Hey, speak in a plan with it. If your kids in your pets have been playing with crap on a floor in your carpets are a mess. Here's the answer. Dry concepts. They've been doing in my house. There are two dogs. I had a mess all the time. And every single year, sometimes more than once a year, I have dry concepts coming air. And it would make even the schmutziest, most hopeless looking carpet look just like brand new. They're the same thing for you. They're the number one carpet cleaning company in the world. They've been doing it like I said in my house over 20 years. And they only company in the world that actually dry cleans your carpet. Same deal with the new to the dry cleaner clothing. And I've got concepts continues off for new chances to say 15%. On your next carpet cleaning. Just call dry concepts toll free. 100. 248. 507. And ask to be put under stand by list. And then dry concepts will call the next 10 to have an opening in their schedule. Just like when you fly stand by, if you're available when they have an opening, they'll not 15% off the price for you. So call dry concepts today. Don't forget to give your written, guaranteed price before they roll up their sleeves and start to with a job. Your carpets will be drying a couple of hours. They'll look like brand new. They'll smell like an fresh. It'll be a miracle right on your floor. Ask them to put you on the stand by list. They might even have an opening for you today that you call. And they'll still give you 15% off the regular price of the job. Toll free it's 1-800-248-5071-1-800-248-507 or 1- check them on the web at dryconcents.com. Bye bye. And low. This is sports video by city. You way away. You way ham. All the zampus 3-y is that I got off the web for breath. So I'm sleeping goodbyes. To those songs I've prized. So they said free songs on a loud. So I'm playing farm now. Mama listen. Seen your reach. Or are A A soon. Got to sleep now. The fun is over. And now we are soon. No more free songs. Shaving our music. We can't even let any heart get in her no one. Now, if we use it's cover. Come play some air up and arm arm arm arm arm arm arm arm arm arm arm arm. Holy Macanon. This is Joe Bowen the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs. And you're listening to the hockey authority. Nehoga. Yeah I should have voted for Joe Bowen. But yeah I just couldn't do it. He's the best in the history. Who's your favorite sportscaster of all time? And you know I screwed up on listener Georgia's facts because I was so excited about Jim Woods and I didn't read the rest of it for his real vote. Did you see it? Nope. Oh. So since I could only vote for one I choose Johnny most. The precursor to Wolfman Jack and Scott for real. Johnny most. Have a checkstone above. Even Scott there remembers Johnny most don't you? Sure do. Great voice of the Celtics. The greatest the Celtic announced I should mention. What I'll do rather respect to. Absolutely. Well Howard David and who couldn't carry his dark strength. Hey since I'm a steeler fan can I add one? Oh wait a minute. Huh? Come on you know it is. Oh who the hell is that? No don't tell me the guy that they didn't do the play by play. He used to do like the Cornball stuff. I don't tell me. Don't tell me I remember Bill Curry was the weather van a KDK with a vote tie. Uh huh. And this guy used to do the sports on KDK and he was like the oh geez. I don't know. Give me time. He was very very famous in Pittsburgh. Probably only Bob Prince was more famous than this guy. What the hell would give me what was his first name? Give me give me the initials. MC. MC. MC. MC. MC. Damn. Damn. I think my this is the first sign of my mind's going George. I'm slipping. Oh wait a minute. I just had it on the tip of my uh uh I left your your low. Uh okay give me get I will come back to it. Okay. Little ring of power. I'm serious. All right. He. What? I said all right. Frank Goldharris. He was a good night. He's kind of like a Howard Cossello kind of guy. He was real a caustic into the sports on TV in Pittsburgh on KDKA. Uh oh. It'll come. Still does. But it's fun. Remember Bill Curry used to do the weather with a big vote ties. Five six. Did you live in Pittsburgh? Uh no. I spent a couple of winters out there. Oh how sad. Did you ever he did the mountain view in in your Pittsburgh? Yes. That was good place. Still is. That's a great place to mount review in. God. And he drew it. It's so great to know a bunch of crap that nobody else knows. Five six or tears about. Here's a full side. Joe is it? Fort Lauderdale. Yeah. How you doing now? Pretty good. Um Marty Glickman. Marty. More you. I just want to be old for a train. You got to say it right. Morty Glickman. He was great. He was. And I couldn't get evidence of nurture. I'm sure you guys missed the ultimate nerd Arnold. Dang. Oh that was good. He was excellent man. Right? I think he got chocolate. If you look up nerd in the dictionary, Arnold's picture is this picture. Victor is there. It's either Arnold's thing or Arnold's thoughts. Thank you. Thanks. I'll tell you. Marty Glickman. You know that. I met Marty Glickman once. He's speaking in the name droppers. I'm sure he's dead by now. I met Marty Glickman in Ithaca in New York. Yeah. I was going to go to work at some radio station. Ithaca in New York. I'm 100 years ago. And I just changed. I don't know what it was. Like the first 80 years. Marty Glickman. New York Giants football. Let's see. Let's come back to a Miren Cope. He just struck the lead. Huh? He's on the phone. Or he'd be applauding you. He'd be applauding. He'd just hit me. I told you it would come back to me because I haven't heard his name in a Cooldzade. Miren Cope. That's the Pittsburgh. I get him on the list by the way. Co. Okay. Miren is in Miren Cone. How do you like that Scott? Sooner or later I know it. I'm sorry. What? Miren Cope. Tim. It just came back. 5, 6, 7, 0. And I realize a lot of these are first grizzled first. But you know the interesting part of this is just like everything else. The good stuff. I know this sounds awful. But the good stuff was a while ago. You know? Now that you got all these little redjocks doing the ball games. I mean, how many great sportscasters do you have today? Really? When you come right down to it. With the exception of all our colleagues on WQM sports obsessive nerds sick radio. How many of you got? Huh? About 30 minutes. Yeah. And a lot of those guys are guys that have been around for 100 years. Like Vince Cully still around. He's still doing those games. Even though he's highly overrated. Got to see boring. I know. Hit it up. Perfect game for a sandy co-fit. Oh my god. How could we forget that? And you really slipped up there, Mr. Mr. hockey fan. My close personal friend Mike Lang. From the Pittsburgh Pendling. I'll put it on. I'll put it on. Roll it out. It's the same from the Big Zelba Crabbing Jam. Go into color. Come on. Move it to the side. Hey, show time scar. Little chromatine. It gives up. Big one. The lady for it. Bring. In whole parade doesn't know whether the cry or wine is watch. Ha ha ha. What a guy. Mike Lang. How could I leave Mike off the list? He'd be really pissed. How do you? Alzheimer's. No seriously. I mean from Pittsburgh in the sky. You're sitting there with Scott the make-believe Scott. He's supposed to be a Pittsburgh guy. You don't mention Mike Lang. This was supposed to be a hockey maven. I was answering the phones. I'm sorry. Oh my god. And we left off. The facts are coming in now. Bill and four Latterdale says, Check her. Check her. I think that most of the interview Check on the air tomorrow. Of course, you did a while back. But two months ago. Check her and he was there for a long time. Not a third man. For a hundred years. I don't know what else goes. Check her and you got him. We got him. I already said it. Okay. Here's a two. I mean, we were nearly leaving it only one. But and you can't. Well, I mean, we have to separate them as individuals. But you know, Pat Summer All and John Madden. Okay. And since we're putting these people out. And I don't want to get the hump or upset. How about his post personal friend, Al Michael. So he ain't no chop liver. I personally think he's overrated. Especially since he did that interview with Mo. But I think he's a little overrated. He's good. He's good. Do you believe in miracles? No. No. That blind is also highly overrated. It was no. Henderson. You know, it was none of that. Does anybody know what I'm talking about? No. Good. Here's another one says, my client. Thank goodness. We finally got him on it. That would have been really embarrassing. Oh my god. He's humiliating and degrading. By the way, the penguins are going to really suck this year's guy. They sure are. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. The votes are coming in now. Howard Co. So that's a good choice. You know, in a lifetime. There are people who come along. And I'm not saying this to be flowery. But there are people with all respect to my good friend Dave Johnson. It was one of yours. By the way, George. He's his family. Oh, I see. But Howard Co. Because he hated Howard. But Howard Co. I guess to know almost a hit him. But he was one of a kind. There was nobody like him. He is what made Monday night football. What if he came out of care? What anybody else tells you boys and girls. He was the one. And that's why all these desperate attempts they made. They tried to be kindled the previous glory whole of the years. And they could never work. Because there's only when he will not be born again. He was Jewish. Howard Co. Soil 13. Jim Man that choose almost Jewish because he works with the real professional Jew. He's got 11. I hate sports eight. Told you. Harry Carries got eight. Mel Allen eight. Vince Cully eight. Kurt Gaudy five. Never going Kirk out he was in an IOD. No. By the way, his name is spelled with the scene. I just mentioned that prayer. I could as want to be looking. Look at the little bit. Hold on. David's got four. Moes got four. All right. Moe man. Now he is wife voted who else. Fred Cusick three Bob Prince got three. Marvelle Bertree or any. How else got a pair? Sonny Hershey's got a pair. Red Barbers got two. Highly overrated. Rick we were two. Joe Bowlin two. Van Miller two. And then downhill from there. And then he said, move. Got one. Oh, that was you. Me. Oh, out of the first nine years. So votes. This I like this poll today. You know, because I'm interested in this graph. If you're not like George and you figure. Oh, this is really boring. I think you need. Even you like it. Kills some good time. That's what we're here for. 27 past 11 at five, 60 WQM announcing the big humongous. gigantic. 2003 Neil Rogers blow out sale going on right now at Hellapan. The X EMC Joe creator. Tom and all our good buddies over there give it give you the lowest prices anywhere in the Universe. Neil, the yield number one. Waitin for your right now. Save up to seven grand with the highest rebates of the year plus deep discounts. Neil, the number two. Get yourself 0% financing for up to five. Count them five years. And you can lease a 2003 Pontiac Grand Prix GT2 right now at Hellapaniac. For only 279 bucks a month for 36 months. With 12,000 miles a year and $2,000 out of pocket. That's correct. Only 279 bucks a month. OK, Hellets also got great deals on you cons and Denali's as well. And Hellets also got a great selection of certified pre-owned cars trust us you've ease. If you've got credit problems, if you have a blemish or two on your body and on your credit report, make no difference because they'll work with you to cut you a deal. And hellet that's why they're in business. It's the big 2003 Neil Rogers blow out sale going on right now as I speak. At Hellet Potiac GMC, 134.1 South, Tixie Highway. That's on US one right across from the prestigious falls open every day seven days a week. And for one Neil deals called a special Neil deal hotline tool free. One triple eight five three four forty two oven and don't forget all these Neil deals. Subbed to credit to publicity to post it. Half-row than tails. That's at the one and only Hallet Potiac GMC. When you go on it, lot the very first time you'll agree with me. They really are professional great. I bet local this is five six years old yours. You win. Say Tom Decker. No, I'm not. I sure hope not. No, no, no, that's way too a poor deal. Or Bill Miser. No, Bill Miser is good but another guy that did get his stuff right here. They're a fair and you work for him, didn't you? Yeah. But the last I was listening, you had forgotten your favorite play by play guy. Jack Bob. Yeah. Did you hear that? That was in stereo. He wasn't my favorite play. He was my favorite rock sister Redwing play by play guy. He hung out of the time Decker by quite a bit. I call it and Joe Colony was pretty weak. Joe Colony was weak. I like them. But I used to, I love listening to ZD when I was a kid. Well, three ducks on a pond and dooses are wild to out to on to. Oh, hell, that's it. When he started with that slot into third man, that was just the, that was the end for me. When the game's got boring, he would do his rendition of the Wabash cannonball. Yeah, I remember that. And buddy Blattner tried to jump out and pull three different times. Well, P. Week, you did the game with P. Week or Easter while? You know that well, yeah, but that was after Buddy Blattner got screwed over. You do know that story, don't you? Well, no, it's that. Is that on CBS originally, Buddy Blattner, who was great. He went on the few X-Joxos, who was a great rock character to the same. He was a host for years on camera. I came, like, yeah. And anyway, he was the main guy on there. But they thought that Dizzy D was getting kind. And Dizzy and his agent pulled some strings behind the scene and they can. Buddy Blattner, they've stabbed him in a back and got P. Week recent. Other, he literally juck in there. Yeah. The noise was the Buddy Blattner from the house and Rochester. And I get the KMOX because you could pick up the signal. I listened to Bob Pettett and Cliff Agen. Yeah. The host, I'm Hock's fan. And those days, thanks to Buddy Blattner. See, I've great played by a play-in-outser can make you a sports fan. Yeah, yeah, absolutely. And speaking of great announcers who talk much too loud, there was an interesting piece on a racing network yesterday about Roger Houston. The first voice at Pompano Park. He was the first voice. We had to turn out the speakers when he left. He was the first voice and allowed his voice. Oh, wow. Wow. They were playing some of his calls from the little brown drug. And man, I thought my speakers were going to pit it was so loud. It was brutal. Oh, he's great for the jug, but I don't think I could see any 18 races back to back to back to back. Little on the loud side. And what a mammoth ego, man. I'll tell you, it's just scary. You know, he's really a good guy, too, in person. You see? Yeah, I kind of like you, you know. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. A gigantic ego, but really good guy. Thanks a lot. I'm telling Buddy Blattner about you. Oh, buddy. Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob was the bowling. He was the baller, shaking for a strike with Spring Joe Wilson. You had to put him on there. There you go. I'll take a bite. Good bite. See you soon. Alright. Dick Fiber from Pompeo Park. I wonder how B Farber's doing. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. My mind at this late stage of wildlife is putted with absolutely useless crappy information. He don't forget this afternoon. The same crappy at the marginal. Look for the QM van and lovely Miguel 2 to 4 this afternoon. In a grand-taren auto at 2015, North was 67th Avenue and prestigious no-spigeting place Miami Lakes. You're like a minus. What? He just walked in and asked. Did he read that yet? And then he started. I guess they don't want your CD this year. How magil? But stop how to get your grand-preet to get you. You can also get your best in the aradr CEDs. Because since N.A.R.K.Tain. That's a lot. Don't forget how I David it. That's a little bit. You can't imagine a Jim Mandage. Oh, right. He chain. That's a grand-taren auto 2 to 4 Miami Laced. He's 20 bucks more than 20 today for best of Neil and McGill ain't coming back tomorrow. And there's a screw in his off-in forever. His score was Scrawley. It's giant tire noto. Oh. While where's the dot on the eye? He just dotted it. He just came in here and dotted it. Where's the dot on the... Like I said, giant tire noto. It's the giant. Oh, you idiot. He's a spick. 560560, pound-560 on the AT&T line. Howard Co. sell 21 votes. Jim Mandage, the wildly pounder. Oh, right. 18. I hate sports 16. Well, good luck to you. We're having a good time. Harry, carry 12. It might be. It could be. It's Malalan with 11. Vince Gunna, you know about Mel. You know that he had a. I for the boys. Vince gully eight. Mohour David in seven. Kurt Gaudy six. Or any Harwell four. Sunnyhurst four. Marraver four. Rick Weaver four. Bob Prince three. See what I don't understand. Remember we did the pull on your favorite dolphin play by playing answer? No. Yes, we did. Not that many weeks ago. What I was down there. We did that thing. And Rick Weaver won hands down your pants. Well, how come if that's the case? Of course, more Howard David has done just more than the dolphins. He's done the NFL and all kinds of other stuff. But how come Rick Weaver is sucking wind here today so far? See, I don't get it. It's called freepers. Or maybe no. Or maybe just our audiences all gone. That could be positive. Maybe that's why nobody wants the best meal CD. Maybe the audiences all gone. But do you think Rick Weaver long gone, man? They're busy listening to the what's his name? What's his name? Stit. Right. Oh, not spit. Roomy. Roomy. Oh, oh. He could not get right. Yeah. 5. 6. 5. 5. 6. 5. 6. On the AT&T line. Here's Miramar. Hello. 2. 2. 2. Did you get the DVD for small girl? No. I didn't even know there was one. Yeah, the season 1 came out of DVDs just yesterday. Wow. Yeah, got it. And by the way, don't forget, next Wednesday starts the new season on Smallville on WB8. A clock. I was going to be my next question actually. Okay. Thank you. Do you go? You got it. See there's my second power. He was going to ask me when does the new season start. Next Wednesday October number 1. It's the evil Clark. Would that red cryptomite ring? Oh, there's a lot of things. I would all kinds of things and whip it out and do not. No, I think. She's whipping out that. Trauser snake. 5. 6. 7. 5. 6. 6. So it's giant tarin auto. I mean, you know, it would probably help if you give us the right name or even a beam of Galls for people to like. I know you're nitpicking. Yeah, exactly. Anyway, 24 noon. We got the mad dog. The wildly popular mad dog was read on Howard Cossill's. Wow. That is. I'd like to have a picture of that. Now, if the flip for Howard's wig. By the way, Dave Johnson hates Howard Cossill. Like Gordon said he was a real prick. But that's what he said. And believe me, David. Oh, those is wigs. By now you've been hearing about laminated Sir Us. And is this the right spot? No. Or you see, you know, you see what the problem is? No. See, she know it. Take a look at the law of sky. You see what he did? Yes, I do. She put it as the second. Whoever this draw is who's doing all she may be a very nice lady. But she doesn't know it. We'll say the laminated Sir Us for next spot. Keep that in mind. Keep a subliminal thing in the back of your mind. Folks about the hardwood flooring and how expensive it is. Okay. What? Well, no. It's not the right spot. I want to do these in a right order. But she's sticking like live spots in the middle of brace. Chan again. She probably had a poor teacher because Phyllis was too busy dealing with her. OJ Simpson blow up though, huh? Try to hump it. The frickin' water not to. Don't mess with my log. You know that bitch. Anyway, VIP sportsbook.com is where it's at. Baby, it's on for his best sportsbook. And of course this time of the year. All of sportsbooks start claiming they're the biggest of the best. And make misleading offers. 99% of these bookies that hear about especially on the sports of Notchistation are in the jungles of some 85th world country. You might never even see your money again. So this year, move up in class and plunge your guts with confidence. I mean, it's your money we're talking about. And dubious with VIP sportsbook.com. The oldest, the largest sportsbook. And the Netherlands. When you call out to say, I'll stably. And you'll say, huh? They're 100% legal in license too. Listen to me and call VIP sportsbook.com right now at 1-8-6-VIP. But because their soft load is biggest, the best, the people you can trust. Sign up right now even that all year long and all the soft load of football and basketball teams. Juice free. You want to bet on the dolphins? It's 100-100. Don't bet the house by the way for them to win. What about the hurricanes? It's 100-100. So forget about the vigorous all-sounds. Get a 20% cash bonus. Not some silly funny money match play bonus either. VIP sportsbook.com. That's how you find them online or call them full free. At 1-8-6-VIP bets and tell them that the old plunger kneel totally to call 1-8-6-VIP bets. Tell me what you heard about around QAIM. Marty Perrino, the great left-headed border from Syracuse, New York. VIPsportsbook.com where you are. The VIP. We're sportsmenio-56. You a-a-a-a-a. Ireland's win. Ireland's win. Ireland's win. Ireland's- Ireland's- Ireland's give me another beer. Bird. It's a terrorist wand, eh. So as you drive on to the world, be aware. The Guis blackhouse says what you've now gone round. Kim B- 사실 between mikes amongstCRIAC andyes. I can make a year where never streaks cause of all of the stress From fences we've been in watch out He used a word I feel nuclear It's a tear as for an air I'm alive The government says people they're innocent They say not if but when now No, it's just a secret to the truth Yeah, I think there are hopes they could give me a stroke I think that I just will ignore it Yeah, live my life Enjoy the ride, my life I can't live my life I can't live my life Terrorists, make it seem cold I think that the government's the way that good start a bit easier We took it with me 14-tonet 5-6-tetti in Kendall has probably the biggest ass sucker I've ever encountered in my life He's first spent all summer looking your butt which is fine He's entitled probably tastes good to him And now he's looking to boosters but I don't know how he's got room Maybe he's got like a fork tongue Can you see that? Oh, look at both back though At the same time But anyway he has a fancier about movies becoming the greatest sportscatcher He said, who was the hammer for the fun because I guess the hammer is the one who uncovered boob in a dumpster somewhere Back when boob was big and fat and disgusting It says just listen to a rain delay spectacitor and as long as it may be you won't fall asleep The boosters, I don't know how to boose good he's very good They oughta get out of dump but because they've missed manage the broadcast on a whole thing They screwed up a joe angel to make room for Dave O'Brien and then like a couple of weeks later Dave O'Brien Oh, I'm a real star, I'm going to ESPN screw you guys and so joe angel went out to San Francisco And then fellow to a bucket of crap and got with a giant so why don't you win a world series And our winner division by 100 games this season Nice going to angel good guy man. We like to angel So Dave O'Brien who was highly overrated They made a way for him that was out of the giant Henry regime And now they brought in this turmerly boring guy that used to do the games on the internet month You all Dave and boring who's got a really hot wife and a bad hair piece And he's up up in a way as well they oughta send him with a fist dimension And Marilyn McCook who cook who cook where or chew And anyway, look at that the man and see we got some bad spellings on the pool which we apologize for that But that's because we got to us guys and don't run the bus force Cossels like got one S Eric only won us and Harry carry on pretty damn sure spell carries C-A-R-A-Y That's probably George's fault my fault Well nobody would know that except the next word like me Jim manages moving into first place Oh, right Mad dog 32 Howard co-cell 29 I hate sports 23 Harry carry 15 a matter how you spell it smell it melalan 13 for goutty nine I always hurt was good who was the guy that used to do Paul christman wasn't it with that the color guy on the football games And the old AFL one Kirk out into the AFL on NBC Come on Scott before my time before my christman AFL And then it was a lute de regatus or that was his name Louel Aldi regatus Boy, I bet you're the hopper knows these names We're gonna have a show one day Scott and Hank and I were gonna sit around in the 80K And we're gonna end the end and mo and we'll sit around and we'll reminisce about it for it for it But you have to be over the age of a hundred to listen because all the punks they don't know when you these people are like Scott All they all they anybody under 100 knows that no who these people are I'll be great you missed a good stuff I can't help but I'm sorry No, seriously, hey, we'll be better than one of those stupid hockey shows Oh, whole all right. Yeah hockey show in South North that's like having a show on god damn kosher food in Siberia. Yeah, but they like it Although they do sense of the juiciness I've been so that's a bad example I guess Kirk out of nine vincally eight more Howard David had speaking to some of those juiciness of a long in Siberia eight Now I actually wish starting to get cozy with more. I think there's a chance there don't you what George was saying this morning that they were peeing together Well, we were washing they said that they were going to be in field and stream together. I was actually pooping Rick we were seven is right on mosaes Bob Prince's got six or any harwell five. This is tough. This is a tough one or so many great ones Most of them from way back Sunny Hirsch IV and Miller IV red barber four pet summer all four tick hern tree Fred Q sick three I think I got some for Q sick and here, but it's not very good don't I I don't know it's not really great Runs able to keep it in shot by Heinz is wide The effort put it on that is out taken by Heinz shot He's got one for a two-to-one ruin's leave and that wasn't very good. He was great Fred Q sick was sensational. He's still alive by the way Still alive Fred Q sick and certainly a lot better than those awful guys that got through the brooms games now. Oh my god The Dale Arnold he I think he's a pansy. He's awful and who's the other guy that doesn't with the heavy. Oh, and we will ask him Scott you know nothing brooens. Yeah, now Rangers. I got John Davidson John David JD would be good. I guess absolutely. Nah. All right. I'll put him on her Put on John David's and JD JD JD. rumors got his tongue so far. I'm JD's ass man. I'll ever find a good need to have like an operation Yeah a freck you six-three bills infrastructure three I told you belong down there. Al Michael's too probably hang in somebody else Joe bones got a pair Hey, we must have some leafs friends listening All right Leaves two Montreal wanted to mean well sex evasion last night. Both teams look flat They don't care. Bill he would Scott my vote foster he would Scott one. There's another somebody Lindsey Nelson one Marty Morty Glickman one Johnny most got one we got wrong But the hairline text all the ball that's one of the great one of the you know, they'd be a good pulse someday Which you really put you guys into a calm when you have no idea the great calls in the history of sports No listen to me Have a text all the ball I was Johnny most do you believe in miracles? Al Michael's in the Olympics US team wins Uh Bobby Thompson hits on Marrosa how does goes crazy the giants when the pen into giants when the pen even judges her that Hmm, do we should have that my red coke one busy dean one and everybody else got the Humper's got one. I was oh you voted for Boob Well that's his vote You go booge Jim woods don't have any and either does my my client has no vote engine Gordon Ovo Timberk's in the right no vote George Kellowotes. Thank God My god, what a Mike Lang has no votes shame on you. Where's our Pittsburgh people huh? They're all gone Yeah, nobody wants your crappy CDs no more near whatever your name is. Yeah, let's see. I know you hate basketball And most of South Florida probably hasn't heard his work, but my pick is the legendary Laker great chick rings. Nobody on there Tucker Tucker generally a pretty good fashion, but Tucker is mother today It says an innovator and something talent true talent PS used to be a basketball fan, but he did easy. I agree with that. I was a big San Luis hot span just because of buddy blatter Guy tried to retire two different times in a fan's road in so many letters and telegrams of protests that he extended his career Buddy blatter was great. He was sensational Do you remember that don't you George on K mox Here we go somebody votes rejoined Joe. Let's put him on here Joe who actually acknowledged my existence remember that time Thank you the broadcast mavens or whatever I said about his getting screwed by tomorrow. Oh, yeah It says for the first few years at Marlons. He's the luck. Joe angels is Kevin Also enjoyed Mark Vandermeer on a hurricane broadcast. We had a put Mark Vanderberen on he's a good guy Audit although who was it that turned him against me barking my band member. Oh, is Jose again always Nobody knows his wife remember that Didn't happen his wife used it didn't happen Mark loves you But I his wife they always said it was his wife that would call him you pick on Jose Gaki all the time Well some broad maybe good Dutch boy Mark Vandermeer man who's a family came from Amsterdam great guy good Dutch man excellent talent Went on to broadcast the Dallas tech they they are Houston Texans Who beat the dot then they beat the dolphins in the first game where I'd be mad Scott was I thought I just drank that a little girl's name beat the dolphin zeo for the game of the season Could have been like a nightmare Wow, and it was in Miami of P.P. Park know us. You're probably turning over in his grave and the shoes mice there must be life and up his leave and even Jimmy's got his Johnson out He's so excited See one thing about the S coaches everything they want their their successors to fail don't you sure sure Cuz that that was the whole thing because Jimmy Johnson set up Shua for getting a can which he didn't Everybody said you know he they made the deal. He resigned which he didn't he got can and And Jimmy of course felt flat on his hat. What and no, that's true. No, it isn't true Nobody else talks about it. Nobody else on this stage will talk about it But you look at blown out behind a scenes and then of course They made that big thing about oh no, he announced the SP and then I before they call them a camera crew He was yeah, right because it would be too embarrassing for the shoes mice to get canned Then they'd have to change the picture on his footballs and his restaurant Probably have to work on his meat a little bit tenderize it put it anyway So then Jimmy Johnson came in to tell flat on his ass which I love because I don't know see and of course The people on the station suck ass so much because they hang around these people and they interview these people in a buddy buddy and they suck up I mean like once that there's a guy just you know He's like one step away from how it's smelly burger if he asked me Here's a call from Pinecres, Tellow Yes, sir, I got on the answer for you haven't Okay Who a Chuck Thompson was great. I know Chuck Thompson's there's an Indra John Miller's good. He belongs on her. You're right. He's a man. I'm not that big of a fan Yeah Because the famous free ain't that bear cold. Yeah. He was great. All right. Thanks a lot, pal. Yeah In fact, he's the one that called on was it on TV or on radio. I guess on radio The Bill Maserowski home run in 1960 when they pirates beat theankies in the semikim to win a world series Georgia members that like who's just yesterday and the the most famous part about that call Which I mentioned Scott doesn't even know is that Chuck Thompson called a wrong picture He said art did mar throws. There's a long fly ball above a by a Maserowski film run He said back to the wall goes bear right itself and a fence on one of pirates win But see how how can I remember that almost like a major we remember your name with all that color is isn't that annoying to you I remember like word for word right name It is frightening back to the wall goes bear it's over the fence for a home run of pirates win But anyway, it wasn't art didmar was Ralph Terry who threw the pitch that Maserowski at the winning home run in 1960 world series And he said art didmar throws with been in the game earlier for the Yankees, but nevertheless now you wouldn't know that would you I meant to even not that you even mow even our Nemesis the mole man is impressed with my knowledge of sports My new show crap. I bet you he's like squeezing himself like a little spots packet So he's squeezing his own he's reaching for trying to find it out of boy mow you and I man. I'll tell you a couple old farts 1156. I think we're gonna start closing up tomorrow. What do you say come on George is start minute many his friends is pick it up We've got a common enemy Who's that oh Like an O.J. and a man's been a QA and we both hate him like poison by now you've been here to about laments Sir us on this program. I certainly hope if you're listening more than like I once in a great while and how laminated wood flooring from Laman the Sir us is the easy the intelligent low maintenance choice to a very very mutual expensive natural wood flooring Laman the Sir us is the best place to find lemonade wood flooring from the top names in a universe perid or a pervo Wilson art uniform and quick step They've got all the top names at laments are us all installed by pervo certified installers to and here's another reason why I ought to be call These folks because their prices are so low. You'll be on the floor. They'll flore you right now You can get there's a temper kickoff special for just 1995 bucks that's absolutely correct just $1995 gets you up to $380 square feet of beautiful Laman a wood flooring positively Oh, where for I positively Unberlight box right next door. For a and don't forget laments are us will match any legitimate ridden offer to for a free and homestimate call Laman it's a rust toll free and tell them that crusty scene out old meal Totally to call one eight seven seven seven seven thirty three thirty six couldn't be simpler if you add for it Freak up into sposal pre-purniture moving they give you a 25 year warranty and years and years and a lifetime of beautiful Easy care limited wood flooring Calamons are us today toll free at one eight seven seven seven seven 33 36 My This is what you fight This Dick Kenny I like the relaxed by having Mary Magdalene massage my balls while listening to the new Rogers welcome on our Hey you love her She loves you and she's also loved your best friend the male man and During one impulsive moment somebody your dad plays golfway. Hey, mine a vibe way through How make it a whole one She's a loving person and she's given you so much So often this Valentine's day why not give her something that says how much you understand what she's given you Give her the all new STD bouquet The STD bouquet is sure to ignite her burning passion or at least a burning sunset The STD bouquet The one gift she'll have long after this Valentine's day is over Now you're probably realize I've paid a wrong but there is this the one it's got the Merlin or Smurlin or Yes, CD I'm I'm Berlin you feel it all right you're covered with running so I think I'm going blind to sounds like syphilis Merlin good Be somebody just sent me this lovely STD pick it up bouquet The STD pick it up bouquet that's right Bob a selection of P-Tree dishes each containing a virulent and highly contagious Essentially transmitted disease who would send you something like that? Oh X Y Disgruddle girlfriend good be any number of people you know I played pro ball for a number of years and there's a lot of casual sex in the road Well, it's nice to know that somebody somewhere is thinking about you Spread the joy and the germs with an STD pick it up bouquet STD it's the next best thing to be in there doing it anyway The reason I played as somebody facts about Dick and Berg we couldn't leave dick off as list He's done everything out of the sun from tennis to baseball and football. He's all over the place. You can't get rid of him I used to like Dick more than I do now Height out that what about Dick and Berg always become a little scene. I can't remember what game is hot And it says he worked with father Murphy I am or Lnol some which is why I play the SKD We got so many bits in here then Kelly somebody mentioned before but we had other the facts because I don't see it on there I don't see a lot of money, but the airco get around whenever you get around with I'm up the date you are Are you taking a shot at Eric there? He's on right so long time. I'm just relax relax Here's a facts from Todd and Holly with chronic facts. This is what I miss about Jo Angel is his daughter Natalie who was so hot She could melt the bumpers off a gold post from 100 yards away. She used to work for sunshine network and it says God on here It says remember the voice of the reds during the 60s, but not his name Marty Brennan is here looking for by the way Todd My old memory of shots is Todd Marty Brennan Who's on Todd Brennan? Oh, is that his name Tom Brennan was with a cubs for a while with a hairy and I think with fox Tom Brennan You know who that is got? No, oh you don't Should I remember you don't know either one of them Marty Brennan? I know that's I know Marty. I don't know who the son is Tom Brennan. He was there before us. He's told was there You don't miss Steve Stone. Yeah, I remember he's by the way He's still in the ship's carry Steve Stone 25 and nine with the Orioles. Yeah, yeah, yeah You're about her own shit anyway. Here's a fantastic sister for the greatest sports call of all time. What about that? Dave Halbersdomin Hardaway left one yeah, I'd like more Lee three point He hit it Oh He hit it. I don't mean that was a three. I mean that was from the moon From the moon from his restaurant about three blocks from here. What a great guy Dave Halbersdomin got screwed over big time I'm gonna blame Pat Riley for that you're an asshole, Pat. Okay. I don't have the goodies show what? He still sends you bags of goodies. Oh, he's a great guy. He and his wife are super people they help us to Not to be confused with the politically oriented Dave Halbersdom. How can you forget about the great Gary Thorne? Well first of all because he's probably not great He's good Gary Thorne is is is okay. He's pretty good Gary Thorne with an E on the end. You got a THR any Gary Thorne. Yeah ESPN guide is hockey. He's a very pretty good solid They the only thing I don't like about him is that every goal sounds the same. There's like that that Very predictable pause and then you know, it sounds like somebody shot him in the ass with a cannon 560560 the mad dog is running away with it. Let's hear it I want more mad dog. He all he's he goes gonna be like puffed up man. He'll probably come in here like a guy Damn my bull frog. Look at him. He's a racist man There you go. Who knows would say that huh? I mean, I do remember Chris Shankle saying he fake them out of his jackstrap back in 1956 Back in the days when you just couldn't say that when a chance for playing a redskins He faked him out of his jackstrap and then there was a pause of pregnant pause when he realized what he said and he said He faked him out of his shoes Is if somehow by saying that it would cover up what he said the first time. Yeah, it didn't work didn't work Jamanditch. I am a pussy. Yeah, but you're leading by leading the Pac man by a mile Your favorite sportscaster all the time and I bet you'll have these people wish that Moe would just let mad dog be mad dog Yeah, they like him. They're not too crazy about you Moe Howard co-cells got 30 we still got two wesses on there I hate sports 29 Harry Kerry we spoke to right though 19 male Allen 13 Moe Howard David it's got 11 how much he voted half a dose Kirk County 10 Rick we were nine Bob Prince nine Vince Colleen nine Mark Albert seven Al Michael seven Pat summer all six sunny Hirsch five van Miller five is return after the season Only her well five retired after last season Fred Cusik required to many a total of two soon Four for Fred for Fred Barber overrated. Luke Shommie's got three George one of Miss yours Right Bill's in for three Chuck your chicken three Joe Bull and two Jack cock two What about Joe buck now he's boring easy good. He's good. He's like plastic you know I mean yeah, he's like most of the baseball stadiums you know for a mother that era when they build on it like Crosley field and Forbes field not Forbes field What was the other one? Onion fields no the one that the pirates got through over stadium But they were all like prefab they all look the same they were real bronze stadium right they all look the same Chuck Thompson two Marty Gordon two myron Cope Scott a pair myron Cope Mark Vanderbrand and then one for a Mark Vanderbirlons. He Nelson Hank Goldberg foster you up bill he would dizzy Dean Mike Lang Johnny most Amolish actually all about and no most for George Kel Tim Gordon John Davidson Rick generate or Jim Woods a ghost destroy him how many big hockey fans we have in South Florida Rick generous got no votes. Oh my god. I guess fat boy has voted on the podium get one that fat boy You idiot you fat top of crampie probably can't get over the keyboard, you know all This is a puppet is in the way he's got a pole that he reaches with I bet you can't find it though 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line Ed McGill's got some mirror asking that I read this promo today Boy, you are such a smuck Miguel I'm starting to like we need to turn on you know under during more touch that thing no mole Here's a call from dear field hello Pretty good come on that all You stole my thunder a Chris Shanko was a and that call was be called with at the giant games. Yeah back of the Kyle wrote Let's put Chris Shank a liner. You know what else Chris Shank? I'll use the broadcast which is embarrassing and not that long ago. Maybe he's still doing it. Oh radio Bullying really I'd know he did it to the ABC thing for a long time You know you might remember in the old days when it was just hockey night in Canada And there was one regional broadcast used to get the US right Who was doing the game for that time? I mean I did you remember Well, I'm gonna be the one you're talking about I'm going back in the mid 60s early 70s Bill he will be doing a Toronto games and Danny Gallo with Viny and Montreal Canadian Yeah, that's the man right Danny Gallo and was great Okay, thank you sir. Have a great. Hey, Kelly Chris Shank. I'll buy to waste. Yes. I think it might be a C. S. C. AT and K. E. L. Got a George I beg a pardon. I'm a spell it wrong 5 6 7 0 5 60 we don't care pound 5 60 on the AT and T. I'm most of the audience has no idea who these people are They're just fascinated by Hernandez toss them on all of these names. What are you what's he talking about that? They like this is a bit No, seriously, that's when I like to show the best when I haven't got any idea who Harold Fisher is or suit Sandy Fisher or any of these people or Charlie Farber or Gordon Norris 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT and T and Verizon wireless line Jim made it 47 Howard Coast cell 30 But that's amazing. I'm going to show the phenomenal popularity of the mad dog. I want to give you a kiss Here's Hollywood. Hello Hollywood Long time long time. Listen. I finally got to I'm I grew up in Ryan New York and I grew up listening to Phil Rosito on journal 11 or watching me go in it. I don't know if he's right This is the same breath as he's breathing down. There's that you know I grew up in the 70s and I always enjoy you know He's a broadcast You know the whole week how he was pretty famous for all that yeah, only calm about the H But I knew it changed the subject. I know that you you've worked in Rochester I don't know how long you actually live there, but well, what am I doing for singers? As long time You might have heard of them from foreigner Luke Graham he's from Rochester And I just wanted to know if you ever had a chance to maybe interview him or had him on Never heard of All-new grandma leaf singer from foreigner No, never heard of all those from foreigner. Oh, okay. Yeah, I don't know what they I don't know the singing before I love foreign and raised in Rochester. Are you kidding me? Did you know the Graham George personally? Yeah We already you guy. Oh, yeah, great brings his own stash That's mustache. I'm talking about I thought he was gonna be I didn't know I thought he was kind of a I think it was a foreigner myself Yeah, and you don't contort with them furters. Yeah, okay Have a great day pal and get a new phone your phone really blows Well, I learned something there right there. How that's pretty interesting because he's saying Luke Graham Am I supposed to know I don't even know who the drummer is for aerosmith. I'm supposed to know the name of the singers in foreigner I think it's Billy Graham's son. Oh No, just dropped a whole bunch of CDs on a floor here. We heard it man. Could you hear it? Yeah, it's under the open Oh, no, I thought one of them was the foreigner CD too. I was gonna damn it. I was gonna stick a little bit on there But you know, oh, no wasn't what a propitious thing that was kind of pitched me off I love foreigner don't you of course. I think anybody who's not a big foreigner fan is probably a communist is some kind of a big wedding pansy If you are an order I wish they Got a big rate. So what's the guy's name Billy Graham? Yes Yeah, I realized that they music sueds. They think that every you don't know anything about music unless you know the name of every Member of a band of every band right the band ran the roadie to right exactly And I'm just I just not that deeply into it. It's just I have more important things on my mind like Like red Ross and That coward Niles and willard Niles and Archie Niles Jr and Archie Niles. You just think of the foods Huh you sport foods. You think that people don't know You know who wrote that's right. You think if you don't know who want to have autonomy in in 1842 You know if it I think it was what's his name Fabian past noon at five I think it was all Tommy win with Valley victory remember Tommy win Huh remember what he was like 89 years old and he wanted to lose the race so bad He jumped right out of the bike onto the track but I think he lost remember Edwin and Keenan right Don't forget make you Miguel's gonna be somewhere to staff no, but I can't find that promo anymore He just he just got it in my ass. No, I don't think that's it I think it's teeny tiny tires but it and now reality another time, but he just didn't want an ass What a jerk. Nobody wants you see these this year Neil. What's going on? There's nobody there you expect take a look around your course. He's probably still 11 in the middle of a little Havana somewhere Close guy from Chicago. He's living in the middle of his people right Tens your audio mortgage shopers out there the following message could save you tens of thousands of dollars Interest rates for home loans are shooting up dramatically, but they're still interest rate available It just 1.95% that's right you heard right Don't have waxy build up or maybe you do one point 95% from financial groups so call them today Tool free no less and 1 800 9 for Oland it's truly economy's changing so be even thinking about refinancing home Or if you want to move up to a better real estate investment call financial group 1 800 9 for Oland LND was just 1.95% your payments will be so small it'll be like a laugh If you have a hundred thousand dollar loan your payments are only 360 a month if you have a 200 thousand dollar loan your payments are only 736 month so call financial group right now get that low 1.95% interest rate you've been praying and dreaming and hoping for 1 800 9 for OLE NV the Renequel housing lender credit restrictions apply rates up to change monthly right now It's 5.19 APR They think their product has been slender and so their slip slide into court David speed has a film It's called Dicky Roberts It shows and skid not a slip and slide into it When the lawyers saw that it filled them with joy It's not every day you get this you want to be happy Water toy Slips slide into court A ride if filing a tort You know that well always be old and now this slip slide into court Slips slide into court It's a new watersport Another frivolous not suit is gonna slip slide into court Oh my god I didn't court From I 10 at 5.60 WQM we're looking for your favorite sportscaster Well time whether to play by play or color or a sports talk shows or just the guys are like to play with balls Here's a facts from Richard who says love Rick we were in Bob Prince and a mad dog, but my favorite is Jean Decker off How come he's not in a list yet He just celebrated 20 50 and a year is all sports radio voice at FSU And Jean Decker off screen in fact at one time he did the Tampa Bay box did he not? Maybe he stole us on a radio. I don't know I'm sure all these things come on Scott get whether Jean Decker off is he to the box on a radio? Yes, he does see says he's fantastic and believe me. He doesn't go Says the evil mice your facts are That's a good point because Jean Decker off is excellent. He also did the Lotta shows on TV remember when we're doing those shows whatever that was all about Okay, he hosted that well he's been around a long time. He's very good. He's excellent He knows Rosa Gackie. Thank God Here's this whole thing about about Nicole Kidman. I don't have any idea what I don't have time to read that Did you read it? Yeah, that's funny. Oh, good. I have time for it Here's one it says another ass-talking fact you are so hockey knowledgeable and intensive I'm not hockey intensive at all we rarely ever discuss hockey on the show because we know it's a kiss of death in this town I think you should be the official voice of the Florida Panthers why to hold not okay Neil Rogers on the official voice of the Florida Panthers All right Sure, I'm very important. Yeah, you don't throw make a hell of a team. We would be great He could do what we could like alternate periods okay First then I know a couple of people probably have a period 567.0560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line how can we a left Jean Decker off of that's that's shameful And of course they're show you we don't have any FSU people in the audience Called in long time ago, but we don't have any Who's your favorite sportscaster of all time? This is a good poll today inspired George is uh, I mean remember what happened in a bird's dare acting up a lot 289 votes already How do you like that George? Jim managed 52 Howard Coast sell we got this spelling right now school in area Howard Coast sell 33 I hate sports 30 10% of the audience hate sports while you're entitled whatever That's why we put it on there so you had somewhere to go Harry carry 22 now Allen 15 Bob Prince 11 a great Bob Prince kiss him goodbye But do they screw him over and Pittsburgh or what man? I was nasty that was brutal Kirk County 11. Mohour David is got 11 But now Michael's Vince Cully and Rick we were our right on mosa us each have 10 they're right on mosa us In fact what a now Michael's just went up to 11 he's on he's even with the mosa us Now mode just went up to 12 though. It boy it's nippin tuck Marvavinsky all the tendons. I say that You're a Albert 9 patch summer all's got 7 pat was so damn good until he got seen all about 20 years ago Sonny her 6 van Miller 5 red barber 5 earning her well 5 myron coke for Alfred Cusik 4 bills in for 4 Hank old bird 3 the boosters got 3 check herns got 3 martyglickman 2 Foster he was got a pair they're kind of old and wrinkly now jack buck 2 Joe Bowen 2 truck Thompson 2 martyglickman Then everybody else got one or none Which is and guess who doesn't have any none for George killed the great Dan Kelly the voice that amount for y'all Canadians and say Louis blues Dick and Bergnan David Halberstein none John David sin none Jim woods has gotten none the possum Tom bret him and we didn't want Tom bret him who wanted Marty bret him I start both Did Marty make it on here because nobody knows who Tom bret him and is that was just see this happens all the time What did Marty on there now see Marty didn't make it on there. Yeah, he has he's got one. Thank you. I like I said good job And Chris shankling Jim Gordon don't have any which is amazing with all the New Yorkers we have out there how about win Elliott win Elliott for the real old timers like me in fact rich W i n win Elliott who's the CBS sports of he was like the Howard Coast cell CBS radio sports Win Elliott he was excellent two teeth yeah, no one Elliott ELL IOT Got it got it ELL I He was good Win Elliott a bunch of fabrics is excited about that he's probably trying to squeeze it. Let me lost all that wait Maybe confided 560 560 pound 560 on a AT and T and Verizon wireless line on a great the Wednesday man This is a hell of a poin a mad dog is kicking ass Doing it they love you mad dog I'm obsessed they want to squeeze your parts right here's Hollywood hello Yes, sir I am trying to You actually like Joe Dodgeola Yeah With the most going up get a check. Well, he was your leader, but I'll put him on here for he made a lot of money I'll say that for a little bit guy from a greaser from St Louis you got a new thing thanks, paling Joe Gerard G. Ola and I know you know how to spell that no G. A. R. A. G. I. O. L. A. Got a coragio a Joe Garagio land of course he did all his a crisis spot so I always call and I had a friend of mine and make it up called him Joe Dodgeola Get a check get a check. He was kind of like the Arnold Schwarzenegger of his day only. He released he was from this country He was a grease ball from the a hill in St Louis. We're all the Italians live with a jammed them all up there on the hill Okay 560560 pound 560 on the ATM and how could any well this guy said he grew up with it? You know he can't help himself So obviously grew up beyond the era when we really had good sportscasters Very sad. I feel sorry for all you punk shot there. They've never heard of really great Because you're in a bunch of you live with the NNL sound the same now Dave will Brian and Joe bucking Joe bucks he's okay, but they sound like Jeffrey fabricated. They don't personality there Once he'll carry crook and you know how about skip carry in Atlanta She would put him on there. Why not sure? Why not now? Let's get skip carry on here. We got a couple of brave stands up his skip carries very good I mean he's not as boring as Pete Van Weir and some of those other weirers. They got an awful all just horrible I know that somebody put an Ed Martin on there. Koma inducing man Koma inducing there's nothing worse than a boring broadcaster Like Dave Van boring that's criminal People should be on death row for putting you know if you're gonna make the game exciting get excited a little bit okay Even Joe's a gacky knows that as bad an amateur and bush leg as he is at least he tries to get excited Much to excited Here's the lady until Ray hello Hi how are you? God I haven't heard the whole show so you probably already mentioned number to John mad not the left Yes, yes, oh okay, I didn't hear you said. Okay, he's the best he's a hoot. Okay, and This is for comic relief. I know you hate on but dick by towel Oh, you just you just inscribe me to play a bit. Okay, sorry, bye. See you have everything Dick by towel is put dick on there, okay? Okay people out there like dick VIT Ali by towel just like it sounds okay like Italian oh good attention and boys scream or yellow or bald guy Dick by towel or he makes me nauseous. Hi. Oh, but she said just for comic relief How's John mad and doing by the way he must have a few votes, honey John mad and I'm looking I'm looking Pat summer also. I don't think he's on there. Oh To good things. He calls to your slip at man who's pussy John mad? No, I'm what did we say? MAD and we did say it would Pat summer all side by each we did a back-to-back See she's psychic she knows you screwed up John mad and then dick by towel Well, we got a mark on the toilet and a brain to match. Have a bigger part when did we say Pat summer all he's on there Is he even snoring through having a show? I know this is a bag but you've been taking the catnaps 27 past noon at 5.60 W to QM if your job is for crap for the birds if you're not making any money If payday comes that doesn't change your life a bit by the way tomorrow's payday clearance Call our friends at fast train toll free at 1 866 fast train because they can really change your life They can have you trade and certified for a computer career before years in and the demand for computer professionals is gigantic There is no wind and sight so there's no better time than right now to get your life in gear and get yourself a new high-paying career rhymes with gear and other things fast train offered job placement assistance convenient to evening weekend schedules with six photo locations It's including four right in south Florida. There's about to be one close by where you're hanging out hanging it out Fast train offers financial assistance for people to qualify too So call right now this moment and change your life forever in a positive way fast train toll free at 1 866 fast train is No obligation they'll explain it to you be sure much in Tom Greck when you call there's no excuse to say that it And job working for some schmuck one more day when you can really have a real career in a big fat paycheck that goes with it Check a lot of the web fast train calm and call them toll free 1 866 fast train way This is the most disgusting program I urge everyone to complain to this station Yeah Most of my kids most of not just the most disgusting I'm surprised the Italian American League doesn't complain to get them off the year Okay, because what a stereotype you represent you know Nuscious who's your favorite sportscaster all time the mad dog Jim man did 62 He is killing him how are co-cell 36? I hate sports 35 hate we got hate like in big big bull letters. Hate hate very carry 25 melalan 16 Kirk County 14 al Michael 13 more Howard David and Bob Prince her tie with 12 a piece That's a joke Rick weaver and Vince Colley 11 a piece Pat summer all marve Albert my nine a piece my one co-scots six got So I've heard Scott six bills him for six or any her well six red barbers got five and the things just change on me again The votes are just pouring uh Booch on me five and Miller five Fred Cusik four chickens got three Morty Glickman three the Humper's got three Joe Bowen's got two Lindsey Nelson two and then you know what is it's small potatoes out Right, I just want to check and make sure we got John mad on our John mad immediately got a vote see that But the people would know vote so far Jim Gordon while I close back after being old far to Membridge and Gordon he was great though. He was multi-talleted Did the Rangers did the next did boxing in the Yorkie was sensational Jim Gordon Nobody knows who that is Tom Bradman don't have it any of his Chris shankled Jean Dequerhoff Joe garage Yola skip carry dick by towel John Davidson Dave Halberstein don't have any in Jim woods on an out 346 votes That goes to sure what the people in this town know about sports nothing's it but he do that Zipity a what a day you know like Remus would say U.S. try U.S. TV shines away from racey sitcom This is from the BBC news they're getting a little carried away because it's only two stations WNDU in South Bend home not coincidentally of Notre Dame You see the you see where we're going with this Notre Dame What are it's about the banning that show the coupling the sitcom And the other one is KSL and Salt Lake City Utah. Oh, so see the connection It's a Catholic church in Notre Dame No, it's big in the boat the philosophy just and the more WNDU in South Bend in the NKSL Salt Lake City are fully a national over NBC which made the show but they ain't shown it because of its sexual content And we don't want no sex in Notre Dame do we and certainly not in Salt Lake City those moron NBC's we made the cult hit British comedy about six friends with the first episode of be shown tomorrow night WNDU said the sexual jokes pushed the envelope well beyond the boundaries of our community standards They might even say penis The stations managers said they were disappointed uncomfortable with the content and we see it admitted the show is provocative But said the show was appropriate for national broadcast This is more about people not having sex the writer said as opposed to people screw in her brains out Well, we'll see you there. Watch the show about people not having sex, huh? Not me In fact don't forget smallville next Wednesday Clark's gonna be so yeah brains out the zoo. They don't have any sex on that show No, not yet. He's gonna discover it though, and then man. Wow. I doubt it Friends so chocolate pie somebody facts me this at the end of the show yesterday the recipe for French sopais if I'm gonna be baking I'm telling you it must be steak and I think they're their History I think the point is that French silk pie is a popular Concoction that is available in more than one place You're not I do understand that but there's a soft food or restaurant that's kind of like a staple of the soft food Assume were one of their most popular desserts with French silk pie that's the point I'm trying to get across and I think that the only ones whoever made it or that they invented it I think I'm gonna use the dance We don't have the mother butler. I think I've seen a mother butler French silk pie. Oh, have you ever had those? Yeah get it Man, oh man, if there's melts in your mouth if you like chocolate French sopai. Oh my god, it'll change your life Here's their Glenn and I won her regular fact she says and if we're good point how could we leave off? Whoa Nellie, Kitexon even George knows that because we got about 85 Kitexon bits. Yes, we do Whoa Nellie, Kitexon the first horse money at football So girls get him on there Along with your dodgy all on these other uh, go in Okay, oh, on 67 votes Howard co-cell 37 and after that it's kind of like mediocre sized potatoes. What are those little potatoes called again? Here's for a lot of Dale hello Oh, Nellie, I'm really sorry to show thank you I just want to make two comments and ask you a question One I think the Howard co-cell in the last Third of the 20th century made more of a difference in sports and any other announcer Right, I mean the best announcer right but I mean in in terms of boxing and supportive mom and I'll we Monday night football In the commentary son is radio show too. Oh, I loved it and Marty Glickman um Was a great track star and was not a lot of participate in the 36th of one that because it was Jewish brand And could broadcast it also did harness raising the occurs rate that is correct And I was just gonna mention that different kind of a racing right and my last question is I don't know I I'm only ever to play at once when Don Chou is fired and They let try to blame it on you Larry King called down and sort of screaming yelling and Where were you working it was still Henry been right it was that a bit or that Is that the yeah, that was a bit that was a meet-up thing and where he did all the course you I did know actually But you know I think that you know when Jeff's to look voting It's hard because they're guy is how every story learning hard work from what I said have a great day thanks pal. Thank you. So Thanks honey. Okay, Don How's the brain stem do you remember that day? I remember like the only yesterday Hank was interviewing Schula at Not a true I don't think was a true was right. He's ever even somewhere Work and it's right before the change it to a clock doesn't days when Hank used to do two to six and I was talking about and somebody you brought me a stupid and order something thanks interviewing Coach Chula and next and I said oh Hank's got the brains stem on today, you know I'm a little bit like realize he was sitting there with a headset on and of course it was wouldn't be a good No idea, but I was alone now Oh that meal he's really funny as he's still on your station Yeah, he's a good guy. I old shoes myster, but he'd been seam off for a few years About 30 man, but a good guy never stole a free train 1240 20 till one and five 60 WQM the mad dog is off all alone man like secretary in the bill On 1973 winner by a zillion lengths was it 25 lines. I believe in that race Georgia. Oh yeah, what and what about chick Anderson? Well he was in the sportscaster. He was like a race call or before he was good chick Anderson Affirmed in alley dar will test these two to the wire. Remember that? Oh, no, no Go out of our with a fluffy pink card junior and a firm would steve coffee house cash ask me send to him 19 till one at five 60 QC. I would know so much if I could like I need to reach inside my head and scrape all That stuff out there. It's just if need to put it. It's taken up too much womb Brandeases and taken up too much from all the I will say this to get and figure all the time because they've got over 40,000 pair of great name brand shoes in there 8,000 square foot mega store over 25 years ago Brande's start days like a little mom and pop family shoe store and they've grown and grown because they have an unbeatable combination They have all the top names in a business unbeatable everyday prices and they've got people who work there who really care You're friendly personal service even if you're feet stink to make sure you get a perfect fit every time They got rock ports echo is Mufisto Timberland Clark's essay is floor shun you like it. They got it The courses for as your sizes are concerned. They got that too men size 6 to 15 women's five to 12 Whits from the very very narrow and petite to the big wide disgusting size too So if you're looking for a great fit on your foot This is the place you'll find at Brande's shoes at 12. 90 North federal highway and pop at obits open daily 99 Sunday's 10 to five and right now is an even better time than usual to shop at Brande's because all this week Men's and women's famous brands are on special sale take 20% off on brands like rock ports naturalizer And say yes, Timberland and much more stuff into Brande's or visit their website at Brande's shoes.com Hold up in this book what's on George I got you there Amen, I have no idea why I played that right there. I just don't think I ever played that before. No, you have it Well, I'll be dinged. I liked it. See you thought I was gonna play I got you down into I gave it the tease there the lead in the air and then the fill thing and then do that right anyway 1246 Okay, come down Joe 67 votes for the man dog your favorite sportscaster all time Howard co-cell 39 I hate sports 38 and even 10% of this crowd hate sports. They don't want to know from it They don't want to hear from balls or bats or anything maybe balls Harry carry 26 mil Allen 16 Al Michael's 15 Kurt Gaudy 14 Who very quietly has moved up the list Bob Prince 13 how come we didn't put Al Vigados and Paul Christmas on her like I said well, we don't want to know who that is now heckle Who that is and I'm gonna sure mo You think in a mo most got 13 tied with Bob Prince like I said that's an in familiar Vince Gully 12 Rick we've 11 pet summer all 10 our Albert 9 myron cop eight Bill's in for seven sunny her seven red barber six or any her well six boob shamby six moves up to six All right time with any harwell and red barber that's so good Van Miller five red music for John Madden for and he went on their late unfortunately Apologist Morty Glickman three chicker and three Dan Kelly three dick and bird three three for dick three for the Humper Keith Jackson three and down from there Somebody's facts is John and Tammy and the airport facts is and I find it's most amusing We'll put it on there. I guess if you want because it's a challenge spelling it. I'll do you better right there you spell the right wait Huit Was a great picture for the reds and then he broadcast their games for 25 years the most man-notteness monotone One of the the ultimate ex-Joc horrendous who used to sit it's his famous terrain to lay broadcast book for hours about baseball How much sir the make or who was arrested? Yeah, yeah, and so I have the only problem is he would do it during the game too And he always did the game in the past tense. Oh He would be tell one of his stories from my 20 years before oh and you could hear the crack at a bat in the middle of the story And the crowd reacting and then like 20 seconds later We'd say oh and Johnny bench this hit the ground ball of the shortstop and he threw the second for the first down If you'd have first bases it'll play anything is over in the past tense See what I'm saying right exactly Wait, wait, wait, you got a minor. He was awful man. He was bad bad bad. Wow. Was he bad? I'm surprised nobody said vent Patrick yet the great the broadcaster for the Detroit Lions who put on WSR F on here in four-laterdale 100 years ago We put in a minor now vent Patrick and they fill it up the Eagles How little later you see the problem with some for now? I've talked about this many many times Is that it's so shelter geographically that Unlike when you grew up in the north or midwest and he had the luxury at night time of all those great 50,000 lot signals coming in Oh, it was fantastic even Scott knows what I'm talking about sure KDK and Pittsburgh and WWVA and Wheeling West Virginia things like that And came auction saying Louis all of these things W ABC New York which at that time had some minor on some ball games So anyway, there you go five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&D And for rise of marvelous line Howard Dean and vote Boston's revolutionary legacy on yesterday's year is the Americans to dump their lighter day king George W Boosh when we accudes of threatening democracy and carrying only for the very rich and he is You go Howard. I'm still a Howard Dean man myself a lot of people. Hi, he's got he's got a big pair And he's also smart enough him and his supporters to use the internet to build grassroots Important race a lot of money and they just shocked a holiday establishment which is why I like him, you know He's not handpicked like Wesley Clark by the little rock mafia the Clintons, etc. and plucked hand plucked Here's South Miami, hello Yes, sir. Hey, yeah No, yeah Road the roads well Open window and many here Come thank girl bargon I'm green bargees, he hit the home run those nice. Hank Goldberg and Greenberg raves. He's the guy. No, same person Road the road well. He was great. He was a Hot Prince was his understudy right listen I need a I want to do something for your charity what I need is your address to mail I'm the mayor. It is blocking everybody's got dogs cats Right Chicken duck We hope the neighborhood gets money for you now. I want that. I need an address. I'll put you on hold and discover Give me the the info, okay. Yeah, thanks a lot appreciate it I'll take care of it. Thank you for your pardon. I'll take care of it immediately. Take care of it immediately. If not sooner Fieset maybe my own couple handled for your 560 50560 pound five60 on the AT&T course It's Wednesday so we get our big one to two comedy, but sir, which is a nice rest for us here Yes, well not really a rest, but it's just you know like a respite Yeah, from the hectic from the heavy duty pressure. I guess I better plug that promo again there for him a yell Or he probably won't put out no mole look for the QM fan today two to four a giant tyrant auto at 20125 North West 67th Avenue I mean, like stop I get your grand perch tickets You can also get your best in ELCDs because sets and key chains please that's at the giant tyrant auto from two to four the sack known in prestigious Miami Lakes No sad list by new old key, but uh, yeah Here's a North Miami Beach, hello Hey, you know how you do sir, okay You just went and then Patrick you remember you did the Red Wing games Do I remember who did the Red Wing games? Yeah, but Lynch and Bruce Martin Bruce Martin. No, I was terrible Yeah, you know that quadlent Venus the mile the one arm guy. He's still doing the PA at the Detroit at Joe Lose Arena Yes, he is Oh my god, but he wasn't really I didn't think he was all that good. I thought but Lynch was better I grew up with George Kellon TV, but uh, only Harwell with the man. He was the man you're right. I bloody have good day You two thanks some Detroit people there you go. He tried when he used to be a great city Oh, it's a long time ago till they burned it down That just seems to have the funniest way happening, you know Yeah, that's what when people decide to burn their own city down all the sudden it turns into a toilet and often it just stays like the big bold Thomas Craprow would be proud Detroit is just like an outdoor toilet bull except of course at 11 mile under Kunder Hazel Park home of Jack Rings Five six to I don't want to hear about how Jack Rings is boring You know the the first time that I my friends from Detroit stepping to the racetrack which is a bad day in my life in 1960 that's 43 years ago Okay, Jack Rings was announcing the races at Hazel Park that night About $2 to show on Eldora Janko number nine or my old Donald Macamor who's now dead He went to raise pay $260 to show but any great Jack Rings was the announcer Do you know who's still connerations at Hazel Park? Jack Rings excellent choice there you go All right, you're it see George that was his crap He still signs exactly the same little monotone along the boring side not to excited you know He's no Frank Silly he's no what's his name that's for sure from who we talking about before with Dick Feinberg what's his name? From the meadows Tias Yeah, they got it screams it Roger Houston. Oh, that's for damn sure But you don't have to be screaming and yelling there's enough stress already watching a race in screaming You son of a bitch wall. He hit it again. You bastard you thief, you know there's enough and I stress with that Without having any announcer screaming and tuking is guts out You know about that you've been to the track twice twice. Here's Carl Springs, hello You know how are you pretty damn good good? I had a hockey announcer. I wanted to add to the way okay? He didn't get any child game of the week back in the 70s also did the ranges in Ireland is my favorite hockey announcer ever Tim Ryan Tim Ryan I remember 10 years I don't know I think he's dead. No, he's still doing tennis on CBS like I said I think he But I thought he was a terrific hockey he was pretty good you're right he was good He was a dude. I don't know. Fred Cusik you remember when Fred Cusik did the games on national TV on CBS Yeah, Fred Cusik's great one of the guy wanted to throw in gene heart also dead You see hearts of flyers fill off your flyers. It's another taste to tasty cake. Yes Great hockey now and you know that is daughter of course he died a few years ago Do you know his daughter sings the national anthem at the fire games now because I heard it right? She's good. Yes, she is thanks a lot pal. I have a great deal. Thank you. You got gene heart down there H-A-R-T got it. Gene is GE and he don't put like no Too many tasty cakes. I think for gene He bulked up just a little bit is is Rick down to right on at poor not That's it. I bet she doesn't have any votes So helping got a fetus never any votes is gonna really frost my ass. I don't see a monitor. Do you? I'm already an email stuff. Oh there it is he's got one. It must be fat boy finally voted nice going platform for you to a crown Gary Thorne we said you're he thorned that we not put a monitor TH or an e- There's a thorn on the outside What he's got two votes Gary Thorne's got a pair. How do you like that? He's good He's like a little bit too generic for me, but he's no Joe born He's the greatest sportscaster in history mankind. You got a shadow, but I even George would agree with that. Oh yeah 1250 well he does the promos for me so how do you gotta well you know suck his ass a little bit He's great there ain't nobody in the world like Joe born man. I'll tell you right that go leave Scott And he's aggressive without in there you go with the Harry Neal ain't no we've got a bad chase either Is the best color guy when you agree with that? Yes, yes 567.056. You have no idea why I'm giving the numbers out again because we're all number of calls for the eight Because we got the one or two hour. We got all the lines lit up there with more sportscatches But I think we got a nothing to pull down Yeah Now Before go to what you're at the type and listen there's like a lot of great sportscasters and a lot of great dead sportscasters Wait till we do the pull on who's the worst sportscaster of all time Who's the most boring sport you know? Nobody mentioned Dave and Horne today. You know what I say? No, no. Yeah. Oh my god I mean a marlins are just kicking ass all of some unexpected excitement and it's guy up up And I'm exaggerating. You didn't quite that excited He's probably saves it all for his lovely wife, you know, hey it's that time of year again when the mattress showrooms and furnaces Doris run those phony ants hills speaking of where you're gonna be doing it Dalamacris asked this if you double the price then offer half off what kind of a deal is that? The fact is that these kind of stores that pull like crap Have to run a sale to come even close to the every day low prices at Dalamacris during the 65 days a year So for discount prices on dozens of top models in the world from celi Sort of tempered pedic Simmons King Coral or Stewards and Foster hewitt you need to call this toll free number 1 800 mattress no nonsense no bait and swish no house brands no phony promises invest of all You don't have to pay any premium at all for the best service on the planet You'll get service like you've been dreaming about from delivery team rank number one in customer satisfaction When you called out a mattress at 1 800 mattress it's the truth you picked the day and time You're delivery when it's convenient for you when your ass is gonna be home with an any two hour window seven days a week from eight in a morning till 10 night And they'll be there and it'll be sleeping like a baby the very first night I've been sleeping on a mattress in Dalamacris for years and so is George and so is Miguel is just screwing his brains out on it And you'll love it with low prices same day delivery free set up and move. It's easy to see Dalamacris is ranked the best in customer satisfaction anywhere Don't be fooled by those mattress your homestphony sales they can't match even come close Or you get every day from Dalamacris call them right now You'll be sleeping in real comfort and style as soon as tonight call 1 800 mattress 1 800 mttr ES or online its mattress.com I'm Andre Dawson of Chicago Curves and this is the new Rogers one to two hour gocubs As you as one for the car, you can take one For those sports fans I'm Ozy Osborne the prince of f***ing football this year looks like it's gonna be exciting in the NFL One team to definitely watch out for other green bay packers Not packers Okay, okay In the IFC Central you have to watch out for the upstart Cleveland Browns Prones what the f*** is a brown How about those New England guys the fucking Patriots or something like that? That reminds me of when I was growing up in England right here Birmingham we were poor family I'm the Prince of f***ing football Shit In the NFC you have to like the Falcons the bears the Panthers and Lions Jesus Christ I feel like I'm in line It's a f***ing suit well these f***ing Falcons and Panthers and shit It's just football of the neutral of Omaha's wild f***ing room Cut it It's all the time the cue code man. What do you want me to do about it? We can farm Ozy Osborne the prince of f***ing football Tonight on CSI fire island agent butts and agent cheats work hard to solve their queries case Agent butts begin but Cheats get down here now. I thought it's good Did I bring the wine? Oh, what you just can it girlfriend? I'm talking about a dead body. Yeah Necron now now CSI fire island party fire skin Richard sitting star as TV's newest not so ambiguously gay crime solving duo Check out this but I can examine the physical evidence let's get physical physical What it's a put up plug in it, but now I've to do is to be a talent prefers entering to the back door Great that narrow down the list of suspects. Capile CSI fire island with special guest our rooper to ever be Till my heart love him don't miss CSI fire island coming soon but not too quickly too serious Do our ex condoms Ultra thin so each time feels like a very first time If you're making love to our foreigner you better put one on Do our ex condoms Out Out Step them on fire Out So it on the TV The plan in more attack Of those laundry heads, not all this smoke and crack Yeah I got a pun if feeling It won't be too inject If we take out all those maniacs So I'm singing out cattle Out cattle I'm so damn tired About cattle Build my cool guppling up From now blow them up Bow them guppling up From now blow Out cattle Anyway Out cattle Out cattle Out cattle Ready, aim, fire Out cattle Out cattle Blow them up, blow them up, blow them up Up, blow them up, blow them up Up, blow them up Out cattle Two days You're Out cattle Out cattle I'm so damn tired About cattle Change my diet again last year I gave up pizza I gave up beer I earned what's easy But everything has changed Now it's yellow baby So I'm cleaning That older spray That steady streaming You're through my aim Inside the coal I seen Sunny sparkle old I have yellow baby Yellow baby Yellow baby Yellow baby And he's fine mine Now it's coming up fine Yellow baby Yellow baby No people can't sign No yellow don't learn When I went out in lovely toilet It's a thrill I could shake and buy the rate With we pleasure children Yellow baby The streaming and burning Was not a good sign I thought it was wrong Oh girlfriend of mine Dr. Sello just changed your diet And your fine You can get low We weed There's something wrong If it's hazy or queer Just stop eating junk Booth and put yellow me up here Then you can't see proudly Without any fear You'll have yellow weed Yellow weed Yellow weed Yellow weed The sight is the hole Yellow weed Yellow weed Just look at it low Now I'm feeling fine Chelsea Victoria Clinton arrived Three weeks early on February 27th 1980 at 1124 pm While I was recovering Bill would put his foot on my throat Yank me by my hair and say Woman Don't spoil her I said okay Chelsea was sold by her opium Addicted father when she was eight years old Chelsea looked at him and said Bad things about her daddy That sealed the decision for Bill I didn't know whether to laugh or cry But even more frightening At the age of 15 Chelsea had come back to haunt us She escaped and returned home Only to be sold again to a horse Who would want to do that to kids who had never done anything to them Me, Hillary, Rotten, Clinton Chelsea said come on mom don't do it Oh yeah right I said Looking like a days boxer had just been pummeled in the ring She leans toward me and whispered in my ear You bitch Maybe from gunman? The brothers who failed One, two, three, four, five We're all together now Because we found their hiding found a back dead And now best that I don't feel even a bit sad Sped the things that were sold down sick I'm not sure if they're going to be the best I'm not sure if they're going to be the best I'm not sure if they're going to be the best I'm not sure if they're going to be the best I'm not sure if they're going to be the best I'm not sure if they're going to be the best I'm not sure if they're going to be the best I'm not sure if they're going to be the best I'm not sure if they're going to be the best I'm not sure if they're going to be the best I'm not sure if they're going to be the best I'm not sure if they're going to be the best I'm not sure if they're going to be the best I'm not sure if they're going to be the best I'm not sure if they're going to be the best I'm not sure if they're going to be the best I'm not sure if they're going to be the best I'm not sure if they're going to be the best I'm not sure if they're going to be the best I'm not sure if they're going to be the best I'm not sure if they're going to be the best I'm not sure if they're going to be the best I'm not sure if they're going to be the best I'm not sure if they're going to be the best I'm not sure if they're going to be the best I'm not sure if they're going to be the best I'm not sure if they're going to be the best I'm not sure if they're going to be the best I'm not sure if they're going to be the best I'm not sure if they're going to be the best I'm not sure if they're going to be the best I'm not sure if they're going to be the best I'm not sure if they're going to be the best I'm not sure if they're going to be the best I'm not sure if they're going to be the best I'm not sure if they're going to be the best I'm not sure if they're going to be the best I'm not sure if they're going to be the best I'm not sure if they're going to be the best I'm not sure if they're going to be the best I'm not sure if they're going to be the best I'm not sure if they're going to be the best I'm not sure if they're going to be the best I'm not sure if they're going to be the best I'm not sure if they're going to be the best I'm not sure if they're going to be the best I'm not sure if they're going to be the best If they're going to be the best I don't I don't think it is I can get it now Yeah look at all this If our Historic Winns disappointed two governments are selling But to billion dollar Now thank you telephone sale. Yes, I saw that on the crawl. In a ruling filed yesterday, the District Court Oklahoma City said the FTC acted without statutory authority in creating an implementing the National Do Not Call list. Pasterd. The rulemaking process requires agency to fairly apprise and listed parties of all significant subjects and issues involved, so they can participate in the process the court paper said. The courts said it ruled in favor of the plaintiff's claim that the portion of the final amended rule had pertains to the National Do Not Call registry is invalid. The FTC had signed up some 50 million phone numbers for list which was due to take a fact October 1. And FTC official declined a comment to the agency as a chance to examine the ruling. We've received that we're reviewing and we're sticking it up our ass at FTC's spoke woman, can't him at far-learned order orders. I don't like that. I don't. It's nice. Very nice. As once again, the American public takes it up the old Act of Shoot. Anyway, if you're tired of taking it up the shoot on your mortgage payment, saw the mortgage shopper's out there, there is a good news for you. The following message could save you a crapload of money, man, tens of thousands of dollars, a Schmidt load. Interest rates for home loans are shooting up dramatically, but there are still an interest rate available at just 1.95% from our good pyzons at financial group calling today if I don't want to call a boot. Call 1-800-9 for Oland, L.E. and D. It's true the economy's changing, so he even thinking about refinancing your home or if we want to move up to a better real estate investment. Health and age of group toll free 1-800-9 for Oland. With 1.95% you'll get payments like these. You take 100,000 dollars on your pay-only $368 a month, up to 100,000 dollars on your payments only $736 bucks a month. Amazing. Health and age of group today can get the low 1.95% interest rate that you've only been dreaming about in the past. 1-800-9 for O.E. and D. It's the number to call this new obligation. They'll split it all to you. There are an equal housing letter, credit restrictions apply. 8-7-7 to change monthly 5.19-apr. 1-800-9 for Oland, L.E. and D. It's the number to call a boot. 1-800-9 for Oland, L.E. and D. It's the number to call this new obligation. Phone conversation. I talk to Peter North the other day. He tells me your real name is kneeled down. And he's still ain't interested. My candidacy is all about big changes I commend him. What about those orgies you have? Out of gracious. What do you call a vacations? I have no experience, I'm a woman nice and that's the trouble. A terrible guy. What's your plan? He is my plan. They've decided to get a bikini wax. And then we end the crazy deficit spending. Oh, it really comes down to this game. Oh, no. When summer rolls around, there's nothing I like more than sitting on the front porch with a mass cold glass or country and moment lemonade. The only thing they can make it better would be a pretty little girl sitting next to me. No way to say, I'm pretty little naked girl. Yeah, that's what I mean. No, no way. A pretty little naked girl who puts a hand on my thigh and starts rubbing real gentle like no, no, no, no, I got it. A pretty little naked girl rubbing my thigh, talking dirty in my air. Those down the porch and has her way with me. Yeah, that's it. She just starts pounding me, man, riding the hog, screaming dooby baby, dooby. Give it to Mama. Yeah. Oh. Oh, forget the damn lemonade, man. Just give me the naked girl. Come on. I need to go riding. Are you going to watch another boring show this weekend? 4 are you going to get serious? This Sunday night on ESP. And it's the event of the year on WWF City Pants Clapdown. We'll be at Shreyman. No, not in our field, the energy. No, you're not going to escort the world's beacons. Come get와amnaeee!!!! It will wachaattoa I really solution What now? Who will swing the time? And whoo! Why don't this Saturday night on BSB? Coming up tonight on Inside The Behind, the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story. We take a good, hard and stiff looking to start him. Their success will delight positive side of people, then burst like the pops of it they really were sending a blast of oily bodily fluids smacking against the mirror of short-term fame. We're the fix. Well, we couldn't have known how right we were when we came out with one thing leads to another, the fixed lead vocal aside current explains the law of cause and effect. We had a big hit song that we met a lot of money. We got later, law. And then we put out another record. And f*** thanks. We went broke. We couldn't get laid to save our lives. We realized we'd gotten down a rear from getting laid before. We took jobs in convenience stores, started shrinking, threw up. I mean, threw up a lot. When in the rear had we realized we had to do something. Got back together. Then now we're okay. Playing one thing leads to another at county fairs for all the losers who like this back in the 80s. The fix. If you must do what they did, at least try and incorporate the getting laid part. It's a big juicy, stopping with look at show business tonight on inside the bind. What if Bill Clinton did indeed get his own TV talk show? What if he's a gentleman? What if he's a gentleman? What if Bill Clinton's show? What if he's a special guest? Yoffer Fatt, Canadian character and former speaker of our house, Nick Gingrich, a mirror lamp for Al Gore. Now please welcome the Prince of Fumming from Master of Memories, looking up Crotch, one man who knows the Tauri of Fucre, Bill Clinton. Thank you, bygiver a bunch. Well, it was hotter than a Chubby Intern on a Fong yesterday. Alright, so that. My first guest is the leader of a PLO and his favorite group is ELO. Please welcome a sweet cock and man, Yasser Arafat, everybody right here. So, Yasser, yes sir. Is there any way we can solve this whole thing? I don't think so, sir. Let's say I send you over a couple of queens of kings. What do you mean? I do not understand. Yarr you do body? I'm talking about bluesies, hoocies, zipper monkeys. Well, listen to your tablecloth and think about it. meantime, Scoot over my next guest is here. Thanks, Bill. Our next guest is the former political machine. He's got snow on the roof, a fire in the furnace, and a bug up his butt. Play for welcome, Luke Gingrich. Alright mate. Welcome everybody, houselings by you, Nudy. Hey, well my new wife's got a cold swim leave in her. Good for you, you stole his bastard. Well, they're right back with Kairtop, stay with me. Did you suffer from feminine itching? Then, try vagi-sil. Think about what you did today. And spread it. That was yourself. But what up home, you need some tips on improving your career. The tool into the end of the hood and garden channel. Each week, I see trades in his net nine for a nail gun and re-models a crackdown. That's right. Boots all the crack holes out. Didn't get busy with this old his hour. Thursday night today. I shall show you how to custom design a kitchen for cooking up some crack and create a comfortable little room to court. Just perfect for cracking a couple of 40s with your assicin' and then you know his bitches over the couch. So join us each week as he fires up this mobile. He's just old his ass. He's on the inner hood and garden channel, be up. Boot up. Let's jump with all I want to have a for you to eat. Let's jump with every sentence spoken. I'm seeing some complete ends. And everything that I see just makes me laugh. Who this be the stuff I'm smoking? He has it's the grass past. Boys really, glad to see. I'm all the way to the floor. Just like we were with a mama with a doll. I'm here. I'm all the way to the floor. I'm all the way to the floor. I'm all the way to the floor. Something so nice to be. One, two, three, four. Of course, both. It's a bomb world. One, four, four, four, four. Like a bomb world. It's a bomb world. It lives in a Sunday, 50% of all papers. City's at Chalk, hundreds of these babies. One, two, three, four. One, two, three, four. One, two, five, five, six, six. You don't speak at a blow in and out. Look at that mad dog is blowing out the competition. You do believe that? I believe in mine to pull a question. Who's your favorite sportscaster of all time? Not this week, not between now and circus, but of all time. Jim Mandage 82, lead in the pack by a mile. Oh, right. Howard Cossill 49. I hate sports 44.9.4% of this crowd. Here he carry 31. Bob Prince 18, the gunner. Kirk out of 18, Mel Allen 17, Al Michael 17. Rick Weaver 16. Then Scully 15, how he'd dated 14 or any hardwell 12, Pat Summer 11, Marvalbor 10. Myron Cope 9, Bill Zimperate, Boog Shambi, and Red Barbaran Sunnyhurstwood 7. John Madden, he checks in six apiece. The Humper Hank Goldberg 5, Fred Cusick 5, and Miller 5. The Scura, Phil Rosato, for his awful. 10 Kelly Ford, Dickenberg 3, Gary Thorne 3, Chick Huren 3, Morty Glickman 3, Chuck Thompson 3. Mike Langs, only got a pair, no hockey people. Joe Bowen 2, we have no hockey people. Johnnie most too, Lindsey Nelson 2, Jack Buck 2, Foster Hewlett 2, how's Paul Henderson doing Foster? Mark Vanuwears appear and everybody else either got one or maybe have a nun. He's just for 20 or five six. You weigh in. He's a self-worth. He's a self-worth. That's the Scura, I know she's really, and she's really died. She's got to kick ass smile. And a woman booty that's real fine. So I stepped up to her and I'm more than my skills. I'm back to the girl to my best. She was something special with those melons you call friends. But she has be a winner, Fred Cusick, Jacky Chan. She smells like a cute light out in the desert. Her under arms are hairy and the prehistoric men. She has be a worth and a foreign chasing death. They say our love is taboo. That what we're doing is wrong. But I don't care what they say. Because my love is so strong. They tell us we should be ashamed. We're not those but in life. But I cherish each moment with you. I'm so glad you're in my life. You're my prison bitch, my prison bitch. You're not like a man. Oh right, I'm glad we share a prison cell. When lights go past at 10, I can't accept who I'm alone. Now that will appear bright. As long as I am doing you, I don't mind you and I. You're not like a man. Call for my prison bitch, my prison bitch. And I have no regrets. Welcome. I got you for a candy bar and a pack of cigarettes. At first you were resistant. But now you're all my friends. I knew that I would get you in the end. Oh, my prison bitch. Prison bitch. I guess that you were sent from above. Prison bitch. Prison bitch. You're all my prisoners. I'm a prison bitch. Your prison bitch and your heart's transmission. Only half of the request. How about some of us, a leader? I'm tired of this prison cell. I'm here to get away. The sentence made to seven years. Not the servant of the gate. I'm your prison bitch. You're not like a man. You're not like a man. You're not like a man. I really hate these nuggers. That you've got to stop you from my back. I thought that I could break away. But now I lose and hope. And God, I'm part of the pain of the soul. Prison bitch. Prison bitch. I've heard of the life that I can hardly believe. Prison bitch. Prison bitch. Prison bitch. When I get out, I'm ready to go straight. I know my prison bitch. My prison bitch. I'll never say goodbye. You're not like a man. You're not like a man. Too bad they had to die. On the second thought, I think I'll stay. If you want me to. Your prison bitch is never leaving. You are not like a man. Then first you will myself me. But now you're my sore man. So put me in the trash. All of a sudden. No, no, no. You're not like a man. I knew I was a woman. I was a woman. Please, no. You're about to find out when you call this the Pooh Gye. I filled my tank up. I was right in the eye to help the 10th 9-11 by giving money to Unicall or Abacol in the car lounge. I turned my lights on last night. I was having a nice day and a big, great thing. I made two days today. I was excited that I was providing bath water to the middle east. Well, that means a man again. Every time you buy the marijuana cigarettes, you're helping to finance run-over lords and breaking a law based on the old movie Reef Remedness. That of Jojo on a... is the Skid, it's a woman guide. I just thought no Reefer joins you. Now I'm white man, you know. Oh, now I'll jump up this window. This message paid for by the guy who to keep a man away from the dark areas. Reggie White, for a scandal suit. Hmm, plain nothing like our hot bowl of soup. You know what's in the vacuum at home, and my man had done it all whole neighborhood? smell like canned tomatoes. We're nearly like that no more. With all the new famous problems, Gamble Soup. Like kick a boot stew. With cookie rat balls and modemellet pit. And by favorite, Kremo Bule. How good would you go, poop the naked juicy? Oh, and I am a little bit in luscious samples no more. Call stabble soup be good. Hmm, good. Hmm, good. That's what's Cabo Soup be. Hmm, good, good. I'm the bloody club. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Everybody's loud Yeah Yeah I went to go to the state and something wasn't right I took the wrong phone down the street and I took out my flashlight And I suspected something funny when I saw father's blood Then I jumped over the ball and the knocked on chaos door Don't need that I'm from see her so I looked around some more And I suspected something funny when I found a bloody glow Everybody's loud Oh, father didn't tell me that I was a bloody glow Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh That's the thing we knew, oh, Jay went on a low speed, run go right Now he's in and I'll let you just recover on the side And I believe it's the first degree murder is guilty of it's because Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Your favorite sports cast of all time is only 21 minutes away The man dog you managed to talk at the apron for what? Lake Scratchett's Joe Rose Well see this is what happens it goes to their head they win the thing by Ziliman and right off the back They're taking the day off That's unbelievable so the guy wins hands down on our pool and run off the bat doing it the QMF in way He takes the day off because maybe he's got a big heart on it might be it from seen those pool results So to speak Anyway, man dogs got the 91 votes Howard Cousin of 51. I hate sports 46 9.2% Harry scary 34 Bob Prince moving up there rightfully so 20 al Michael's 19 and the melalty and small potatoes after that 20 till 25 60 QIM My You're sports video 56 2 a UAM My rear end Okay Raccoon Some of them are proud And some are great And some are great One can't walk up and pick up Six foot eight Six foot eight And one of them's its girl And likes the scrimm in a lake Like the scrimm in a lake Like California prison And a free show A free collection day Swords and nigger holds a nigger He doesn't self-term any He doesn't self-term any Harry and your husband live I'm a star I'm a star Like the TV I'm still not late And for Gary Coleman But almost in on your place Almost in on your place California prison And a free show Yeah so we're the lectured say Things on the weekend I don't even dare Look at the golden state Nor the golden state And I don't remember I told her to sell it We're inside the face, I've had faith I would both pretend to break it It was hell today It was hell today California prison California prison It's such a freaking state You're a Mr. Lecter Say me a piece On this appointed you past Посclaries Say leading people right after you kill him I need a name, a big behind a tiny crow To the lecture Big girl again He cleans the people Taste just like you again Just like you can, if you see it in a full-on street Better honor you, I did me Miscuit lecture, I've got to ask, how tell you we think through that funky mask? The film looks good, you can't move your jaw, the first cannibal to use a silly troll lecture I wish I saw her, you pay up is it, I've to jab her call, eat the clips and turn your next brain Just remember your past that is it Next week, I'm a Supreme House, Gammaa, I'm not a Supreme of my neutral bank, booze Sony, you gotta stay, you gotta stay, you gotta stay, you gotta stay, you gotta stay, you gotta stay I'm gonna say the same, you gotta stay, I'm gonna say the same, I'm gonna say the same This is my depragoos, the Supreme House, look at the impression my diet is, my diet is soft, look at the mirror on my diet They just do a lot, it's hard The Supreme House, who would the last to knowly, I had my most that I never could only AJ, you fat woman, did you eat the last cannoli, that would not be when, oh, I've seen the one in the cannoli Yeah, I had it, I really, the Supreme House, Christopher let me talk to you Yeah, so, the Chicago pays make my butt look big, what's all of my butt? But I don't think it's Chicago pants, I'm only in a wax and lying We don't do that anymore when it shows, all of our financial pay For since it's an oldies and infrastructure and it's a brand-new This is a brand-new, should've been me and that cock I love that But we can, if the body can fix this and chicken myself, I'll have some, couldn't galee I'll have that passion beans The right gen, it should've been me and cock I got it I got it This is the brand-news David Chase has done again Who could believe he could take a fast pace, groundbreaking series And make it look like blossom What? Remember the girl with a big horn in the kid who said, well, a medal She might own the pants, why on the pants? We's my own the pants Why on the pants? Why on the pants? I thought Christianity was fairy tale This is the biggest thing was not for me They held a big convention Let me in for three I had no idea what I was about to see All they were speaking in tongues That they thought put at bay, be a boar, boar, boar It was kind of fun, black, black, black, black We got to stick it out of my mouth We got to go to the floor, speak in tongues They got me believe in my tongue, as we did from size to size We got to go to the bathroom We got to go to the bathroom We got to go to the bathroom We got to go to the bathroom We got to go to the bathroom We got to go to the bathroom Oh, right, those now I speak in tongues That makes me a very good, good, good, good And I'm having fun Playin' round with mine now Let me in tongues I'm gonna go to the bathroom It's just a first, the first way, 20-15-19-25 Sixth year, forget little dog for the mad dog A two-clock, a late scratch I'm actually sad of the poor results, you think? Maybe, he thought he was right to his head He's speaking to your head, if you've had no hair on your head Or like very little, you'd like to have some mole And look in good, as boys to like mole If you don't want to dead, must grab a wizle on your head You want people looking at you saying, hey, he looks pretty good And a lot younger we thought he was Charles Alfier is the only guy in the world to make you do that There's 80 billion guys out there I want to send you some hair system and pills and potions And I'll see you look in my scratch stuff like that Charles Alfier has got the natural hairline system Looks like the real hair that's going on your scalp That's a difference So instead of having people fall down on their ass laughing at you And realizing what a phony piece you got on your head You look like I said better when younger than you ever dreamed again You got nothing to lose But that shiny reflecting bald spot, because everybody gets Charlie's 30-day guarantee, where the piece for 30 days If you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells If you're not getting more action than you did when you were like 16 Charlie give you a full refund, or less like you're 17 Call the day and take advantage of that $200 meal rages discount When you make your mind name too Don't forget Charlie also services and repairs All types of hair systems, while you wait for only 25 or 30 bucks And just about always can make your look better like a real bench Call him tool free and give her to that bald spot 1-800-321-2413 That's 1-800-321-2413 A lug on it was most prestigious website Charles Alfier.com My life and low This is 4-3-5-6-4 And we're in the way of the day And Howard from Boca Oh that ass rolly please go away Like the way to attack the book they go home And eat your whole homes Until you explode Just like your backpack showed in ladies Have you seen some of the planes? Spilling your fingers that have got those steam from Cheetos And see your tools Faster piggy who knows How to be back this disgusting and tasty Oh You make the trouble when it's mild They like a cow's scattered snazzy Think smelly bad so repulsive and mild Your body cheese smells like a gramma Appler it was occupied by head Pass their data she wants to get into your car Doesn't you dot him why? I can squeal I can squeal I can squeal fat lady You live in with your number let me Fliver in and start to the tree Between the trees and the grass Let's continue Bees It's most fishy to me Happened up with two and a net's voice And taste me Hey They all buy some same stingy eyes Sex is different today I hear every drug is safe That he needs something today to get it up By the way And though I'm not really ill There's a new boy I grew up ill And as soon as daddy takes one There's no need for mom to fake one And it gets me on the ball Get me standing straight at all Dr. Please the vote and see I want to score And he for more They all buy things I'm 16 years old Then just add and gather clue What we like and what we do So heart to satisfy It's the last to watch your cry We all running for the shelter of the fathers Little help, but I could throw this every night Be a bonus though Yeah right Dr. Please more potency Come back today She wants me dead They all buy things I'm 16 years old How old are you? How old are you? How old are you? He's fine But look at them I can't hear you Like cause I was a teenager In 1945 he was a war hero And then he lost everything They're gonna freeze a human being I have nothing left to live for I'll volunteer He expected to be frozen for a year But there was a horrible mistake What is this in the back of your freezer I don't know what's like a guy or something What's the check saying? He's been frozen 50 years He's probably got freeze a broom by now There's freedom Mel gives him And his most control performance yet Oh we have ice again Oh sorry He did the sketch tone You drink Mel gives him stars in forever frozen Forever frozen Coming soon to an air conditioner feed on your you Bye bye Bye bye You're so much so I'm trying to keep on You can't make me fall on you So many f*** ups who monsters do it again