Oh I'm going there Thursday night. Wednesday night. I'm an Uncle Funnies and Davey. I could have been a first I think what he just got to have like the open the pot. That was really nice. Yes, so that's because Robert Greeper's not here today They're little sniffling and so he never he never works there. Where are you right about him man? What he's got a personality like a dead man. Did you fruit fly boy? He is a fruit fly boy. No, I just like so but are dolly today Yes, I'm on a way out. I said you mo He's pretty good. Yeah, you might have worked in angle. I missed him He's the rumors he wants to have a meeting with me in private, but I think what he really said he'd like to squeeze my private I think that's what I heard And let me say this to you because you must have been psychic I heard your practice morning about my answer whatever was my answer I don't know my answer is so sore now that opens up all kinds of avenues for you right there Now most people of less balls wouldn't say that to guy like you could just hop right in there And the opening but the my sister because it is irritable bow Oh, if I didn't have 20 visits. Hey, ma, guess what? 20 visits to the old magic room. Yeah And I woke up this morning and all this stuff I've had for weeks. It's all gone so I think when it does it out There's nothing worse than a touchy-ish. Oh, man I gotta achy-reco-y-roco Yeah, should be a good game that I meal. I think all weekend. There's some pretty good games I heard lightning man and the panthers and you want everyone to stay with you. How do you think that'll do? He these you gotta put the dud and Dudley I just thought I'd stop I mean what do you think wants her remember? I think he's a real asshole if he has to me. I think Alan Cohen really hasn't got any clue what he's doing Nobody who's got some money can buy a sports franchise just like you got to watch me that doesn't mean they know what they're doing Yeah, do you think they did a good job Then when the fr... well if he did such a great job how they come they blew him out and how come after he left all of a sudden it got so good If he was doing such a great job He got maybe has something to look how well you will give him credit for that and They've agriculture which anybody could have gotten him because he's 80 years old and pretty moody in which elician never got a record Your release should never got rid of was stevey Sullivan man as he a player or what don't you love him? You know what the problem is in an NHL and that is they got all these size queens like Ryan Murray Oh, it's too bad shoe barns the liver would big enough to be a good player. Oh, they don't like the little guys Ray Whitney and Stu Barnes and all these little players So he's rolling right it's stevey a solider all great players. What's wrong with little guys? We're tough and zee-palfy right. Yeah. What's wrong with him? Who now wouldn't want his a you're right about Whitney? There's a lot of little guys And a number of Rafe or arrow at a long career. He's gonna hot the wife to by the way Bridget Did you think Ray for our was decent? Yeah, he was good. He played a role of Ray train. What you think of it? Did you didn't guarantee paying talk more than me? See this this is conspir- oh nobody talks more than you just pop pop pop pop pop pop Even did he's Pac-Fan don't talk more than you know I'm gonna be watching you with a game than I watch and to see if you talk I bet your coach Coach Neil what does that mean? You'll be sitting there coaching him from the scene. Oh, no, I will not be coaching him. I'll be there watching again I don't really have a little idea either the game when a leaves coming to town That's when I like be like you know you need to get him Any other crap it's over priced it's garbage food in the macaroon. Have you ever bought well, of course You know by any way you get three bees. I get everything given the me oh brother the food There is so freaking over price. They keep making a portion smaller and the prices higher every year I mean people just think will have tonight for that game upwards of 4000 you know, I think it's a lightning area in it. It's got to be three thousand. I think it's a it's a Tuesday night Yeah, there'll be seven people from Tampa right next come over from Lutz Can you imagine try to lynch your answer to the game? I've done do you got to be to drive all the way over? Yeah, for that. I won't when Tampa had the team before we got one I used to drive over there when the leaves would play the lightning and just kick their ass You remember the play you probably wouldn't you weren't down here? They had a place like in a cow pasture that they made into a high I went there to the fire to see Didn't take it that year when they played at the state fairgrounds. What was that Brandon or bar store? Whatever they did it's not like a cow dunk. Yeah, it's not like the dolphins performance on Sunday like the stench of Kalmanour Yeah, but everybody around here You know, I'm still taking sexual pleasure in that dolphin tennis game. I did I can't begin to tell you how I'm squeezed myself Over that game it was so because you know that if they won oh, and let me also say that you know Steeberg there's not so good. It's just that he's black and the media wants to make him seem good Because they're desperate to have a good black He can win if he was a washwood tallya. That's what rush would say he'd win if he was purple Not looking at Brett five last night with his broken thumb. I didn't I only want to first half and I went to bed The other second half starts it to in the morning. Yeah, so it was a final score The Eagles were in 174. Oh right now. That's that Randall on our Randall cutting him down and again He's black. Yeah, I'm not black. He's not too good because I want to start all the Boxing like he will bring a boxy cotton to him. So he sucks. What do you say? Everybody needs a little cable restore That's right. Everybody needs a little bit of your I'll be right them gets better Neil. How many I said he loves Scott? Yeah, we know about your agency scam now Scott That great looking piece of ass over there in section 147 Have you ever been involved in a construction accident? Yes, let poisoning. Yes, flip flip or fall To the scaffolder ladder happen to bronch you in the head. Yes. Have you inhaled a special? Yes You have a birth injury. Yes. I've Islam your thing. You're in a car door. Yes Ever blow you know so hard it blood. Yes drop a toaster in your bathtub. Yes Ever get shot in the head with a pellet gun. Yes. Well, we can help. Where's we so gold seen? Caputo and was now skiing and we'll get you your money even if you really don't deserve it big companies Have lots of cash why shouldn't you get some a turny-shell and gold steam? We believe the best way to get your money is by lying hey no one ever got ahead in this world by telling the truth A zuckless way although this may sound a little shady. I Bruck not to worry we got more judges and our pockets than you got lint You know when you in your pocket have you ever been punched one lactated? Yes Follow your own teeth as your love stick ever blown up the three times as formal size after a night of passion with a street hoochie Yeah, well we can help. Where's we so gold steam Caputo and was now skiing will get you your money even if you really don't deserve it Say I was by you. Oh Go talk fast all those we who goes to in Caputo and was now ski face 47 separate charges of fraud Their doors remain open come in See a stock Well, we you don't pay a set let's wait a day pay hey pay you won't pay a set. Let's we get you your money But they only get about 10% do you hear that 1007 at 560 WQA. I'm happy Tuesday to you So I guess we're almost to forgot to bring that check and you can bring me the check at the hockey game tonight Scott Just make it out to a band-in pet rescue in fact make it blank off a little in Abandoned pet rescue got a thrill. I see you forgot to remind me to tell him on the cross over this morning But bring it I check I was blinded by Clarence's presence with a check today Ecclerance actually produced today and a check too Maybe that's why my ass is so sore and when we asked asked yesterday Which ethnic or racial group they hated this pull again? That's two in a row. I'll try to break that today All the way got a really great thing. We've been taking some time to read. Oh, you're not gonna read stuff on here today Are you out after we take an important call online six I'm out there that way had to be him didn't it? I thought it would be able to had to be him Well, it would be called me before we even sat down and got my ass warm in the seat my ass is killing me because too many Yeah, as you see there's a silver lining in the dark cloud mom even no matter how constipated you are At least you're not gonna have bad roads. No, that's not true is it because you're squeezing real hard Then it's another reason why you get bad roads So just don't ever take another BM that's my best suggestion everybody out there just explode 1185 votes that was our Podious today which ethnic or racial group is most protective or paranoid about about its own Blacks and of course Mary of elephant must add something to do with this one would think Blacks 571 Miriam OJ anytime, you know black people commit any kind of a grotesque act or our incompetent or whatever Or have a job just because of the color of their skin right away. Oh, we got it You know and the ministers they had how many people sure up for that about five We're gonna say about 30 but not even close about 11. I thought Not even close corn the papers small handful Is what showed up for that big meat few rally for olifid is the article in the Sunsetville How many is this a show up? I think it said 11 a dozen dirty dozen Showed up there and then that's that speaks well for the black people of brown county because what it says is that unlike the preachers out there Of those snake roll salesmen most of the black folks in brown come to realize that she isn't competent And if you want to wear like an elections and have any chance to be push next year Maybe let's get somebody in their who can count higher than their shoe size You're done Miriam by by sweetie good luck to you Blacks 571 Jews 329 votes who's very paranoid Cubans 228 which should have been higher I would think Muslims 46 and of course who knows any Muslims and Italians 11 Out of 1186 we're gonna put on the other group stupid Eric was busy eating Well plus I didn't have you column yesterday I could call today. Oh no, I don't want to watch it to call. I don't want you to call me should be listening You should be glued right to this show. I don't care what other business he's got going on 10 to two that's where it's at Right and you can handle it for a few days when we're a little short-handed here Here's our pull question today Sexually who are the hottest people in the world and I got a short list here. I got my favorite on top Colombians Oh Anyway, I get weak at the knees just thinking about Colombians man. Just amazing with that smooth silky skin Irish I'll always thought that Irish were pasty but there's some people I know who aren't Just aren't into that yet Italians and Americans we got Americans on there and of course we probably need a category for some people out there How would I know I'm well we'll get to that we'll expand it and the poll too FCC releases in decency enforcement against opian entities if we're on the obot as yeah Yes, that's old news actually. I thought we already had this. I thought I had this on like two weeks ago Well, that's fat boy brought this in to me. What brings it in breathlessly here you go, probably hearing go palli This is your right it is old news. I Howdy, I'm already had this on like two weeks ago, right? What the hell is with you fat boy you tub a crap Jesus Christ you and Rick Jenner read at least he's got some talent anyway. What's your story? Tubby just sucking around so here you go pal. Are you see this? Yeah, and president Lincoln died to see if he brings you story that's old enough being this feeble an old design You forget that we headed on the year already so I was like given him credit. Oh, thanks a lot fat boy now We your ass out of here and hobble out and by the way to buildings on fire. Oh Brother it's all it's almost enough to make you wish that the building would burn down You know what him being on here. I purposely don't ask him for a bed because by the time I get I'll probably need to get yeah so I would like his bed from down on mattresses we spots that oh I'm working on it I'm working on it Anyway that you fat tub a garbage but thanks for the information about Todd Reckon Till this day I never knew that That he has his own agency and as a result that's why we have no copy for his accounts and it's all bogus It's all bogus. He's running his own agency just like Pete Lenny. He's running a business out of this business Wow, yeah, how do you like that? That's he's another scam artist Todd Reck That's why I will never get any real copy. That's why his clients never get service because he doesn't give a crap He just writes a bunch of stuff on a piece of paper. Here you go, and that's it. You know I'll never haven't seen him because he hasn't given a dime to abandon per rescue I want everybody out there know that Todd Reck doesn't give a crap about animals I sure hope there's no animals in his house. You don't have a dog because he doesn't care about him. He hasn't given one dime And when you know how much business that he and his Foley agency are siphoning out of their show shame on you Todd you jackass Fat chance Speak of the dollar mattress and of course so for all his Jones and why does he want a dollar mattress because you know Factbook of violence here earlier. They came to his house like three different times Three different times no extra charge because he was having a little trouble getting head Well, he's got that little ball. He was trying to trouble getting his head against the headboard or something I had to be like a just it and being picky and opiniony as lucky is they well No problem. We'll come back again. He's like a poster child for dollar mattress because most people don't require them to come back over And over again, but they will they give his service that's unheard of anywhere anymore Dollar mattress there are no phony promises no bait and switched great discount prices great brands the top and the business You know that now even cloning stirrens of an antist foster and when you call Donald mattress They give his service like nobody ever heard of in your lifetime you picked a day in time for delivery You'd just pick a two-hour window and it's convenient for you when your ass is gonna be home like one to three two to four and you have to know whatever Seven days away from eight in a morning till 10 p.m. and they will show up on time into a great job Take it away the crappy old bedding and setting up your brand new great one honest sales practices fantastic service Unbeatable everyday low prices same day delivery and free set up and mobile so it's easy to see why Dalamacris gives you an unbeatable combination and direct number one in the world of customers satisfaction Don't get sucked in by those so-called giants in the mattress in three or the phony furniture stores They can't match Dalamacris no way know how calm today and do a George B. doing in Miguel and Volca Brian and Fatboy and yours truly I'm what for let's try and desperately to do get you a great night sleep from Dalamacris calm today tool free 1 800 MATT RES 1 800 MATT RES online check them out when in doubt at mattress.com Neil God Amacope T Tell them Ellen Child I love her to new to Calcio Brana G Northrop and Ron MCI world-time figure and bought sale are in here, Mickey Can lock brown and roof our lily and the rented roof murder doc spots news and writers on your book choice point democracy by data based technologies Chuck Bagel side bold blocking out your book George Bush is a liar Exploding nine eleven four-minute global Empire George Bush is a liar The więks Richard perl another kick Andrew Card car farming mark right we can coolbum Hu, Bush, get busht your t in daddy bus depressed a Lenk Glenyon Western uncle Lamban no well not mention Park greater Bob Babnall back steps he unintentionally back brunt fell says all as Weller, mother soder d ice And handsome damned Black, in the mail, they gotta interact And in direct, burn a hand, well-somed, and before their time. George Bush is a liar. Like all his poor Britney, Oh, comes with that's he hard on. George Bush is a liar. And the sinister media, as you believe in his George Bush is a liar. The song is something that'll never get on to your channel. George Bush is a liar. A traitor and a lady in a criminal basis. Oh, I'm a liar. Oh, I'm a liar. Oh, I'm a liar. Are you done? Well, thank you. Speaking of a book of brands, so he tried to send me a couple of weeks ago. I won't have his discs up into Ronald FedEx. And it was a little bit of a problem. He went to FedEx and I said, Oh, we can't do that because he's been using the station account. Of course, which natural they should pay. It's part of the operating expense, a dual-in-bin-ness. Oh, we can't do that. That comes been closed. What? The beeslies didn't pay the FedEx account. They cancel the account. They closed it. No, seriously, that's the nature of this company. People think that making these things up. That's a true story. My hand to this guy. They closed our FedEx account. And that's why he had to pay out of his own poor pocket. Little baldy. They're had a digged in their deep, had a bar of the money from rumor. And that should give you a real good clue as to what this place is all about. They're raking it on the one side. But they don't want to set it out so fast on the other side. Except, of course, when it comes to me. Which I do thank them for that second paycheck for the same peer-pure, but anybody else, anybody of less canter than me, they'd have said, oh, thanks a lot, Duff and shrubbed right deep into their pocket. They'd have put their hand deep in their pants and squeeze a little bit, because when you get an extra paycheck, they're not supposed to be getting. Don't you think most people would have just pocketed that? And then try to see if, well, maybe they'll catch it down the road, but maybe they won't. Maybe they're so dumb, they won't catch it. Huh? I think most people would have been dishonest. If your boss, anybody out there, your boss gave you a second paycheck that you didn't have to do it. And for the same peer, you already got paid for. Wouldn't you have to take in it? Yeah, or stuff in your pocket? Yeah, we've got out and spend it before they can ask for it back. Yeah, we'll let you sweet ass you would have. Speaking of ass. Oh yeah, Larry Flynn, I saw that this morning. The only difference being Larry Flynn brought the purported nude photos of Jessica Lynch, but he says the reason that he bought him was that soon, but nobody would publish them. Yeah, he bought him up. They're not going to put him in hustler. That's what he says. Larry Flynn. He said we were going to move. That paper. That's what he said. He was snorting when he said it. Why he's having a little tough time these days. Why are you going to be a look like that? Aren't there other copies somewhere? I don't know. He says he purchased in order to keep them out of circulation, not to publish them. Flynn, no friend of the Bush administration or a publican said the president is using Lynch to justify the war in Iraq, and he is usual is. I say, let's have very Flynn for present. We already had the FDR in a wheelchair. Why not? I want really great president got elected for fricking times. They might even undo that constitutional amendment. Let him stay in there hell at least to provide porn for everybody, and then maybe he'll show us them pictures. I'll have to watch this egecica. Oh, I know. She's got smaller hooters than what's in him under the solely dad. She's got like raising its. Soly that a Brian is the anti-Christ make no mistake about that, and he's certainly not news network. Here's Martin and Miami in regard to our pulses. Argentinian women are on fire. They're flaming. That's what Martin says. You ought to know. So we'll get Argentinians out there. I'll facet it and I see Eric takes everything serious. I was just joking about that. He's right away. He calls up Scott. Oh, wow. You know. I got work to do up here. I can't listen to every middle of the show. All for us to have to fact just relax. Eric, okay, while I'll sit here. I'll make a list. I got Argentinians on air. We'll make a little list here during the break. I'll fact you with additions on air. Just calm down. Put down your breakfast burritos and your lunch. Which you have on the other side and just calm down a little bit. Tone it down a few notches. You asshole. You fat tuba bull crap you. Okay. And by the way, on the weekends, we'll be nice to get the new bedtime stories on there before like 340 afternoon. I mean, you're doing a great job. But I just just a little more to suggest. And it would be nice to get the bedtime stories on there on a weekend before like 5-6 in the evening when everybody's going to bed. Since I've faxed them since I email them to Eric like in a wee hours. And usually the night before he has them all by early in the morning. But he's busy eating late into the night on a weekend. Has a lot of indigestion. And what's it a great while his Japanese his lovely wife allows him to service her I understand to the great fine. Once in a great while. And if you saw what he looked like and how big he is, you'd understand yourself. Is he a large man? He's a gigantic, he's a giant in the internet industry. Ignore what's to take about it. So we don't want to bother you, Eric, because we know you're very busy now with your breakfasts. Well, I got a great article here. This George Sorosk, a common thank whoever faxed this to me because I didn't see it. I want to thank them profusely and usually we're bitching out people who send us like six page articles. I'm going to read it about George Sorosk a little bit. Or if Cubson it's dead, you know who ever cups and it was? No, you wouldn't cause you not from Chicago. Or if Cubson and very famous as Chicago Comics who had Cubscom in Chicago sometimes. He also had a TV show in Chicago. He was a very famous kind of guy. Big celebrity in the Midwest, especially in the Chicago area. And for many years he competed with Walter Winchell. And maybe with Mr. Edge, Mr. Edge, how you doing? Mr. Edge, you little little faggot, you little flamer. She's probably putting on tron on some of Anne's clothing right now. She want to think if Anne and the Mr. Edge move in together, they can wear the same wardrobe. Oh yeah. She wore the pants in that family. I'll guarantee you that right now. Mr. Edge, you try to summon a little skirts, you know, some little outfits. Probably brawn panties to him as fudge. She's packing it. I hear Anne's packing a big one. So why do I herb Cubson it's dead at 91? He died. He won his old enough when you say it would most of us like to make it to 91. I'm hoping to make it to 61. Yeah, well, I did. I mean like that. And look at me. If you rally for all of it, let's hear that. The news, like I said before, that's really good news that the shfarts is out there. Aren't getting sucked in by these preachers out there. See, one thing which most of you, I'm sure are aware of is that most people in the black community. Don't you love those terms, the black community. Most black folks in America who can't get like an honest job they become preachers. Right, having ever noticed that how many black churches there are Haitian churches into make-oen churches and black churches. Every street corner is like at least a dozen. And that's because you've got to have a place for the preachers, the self-appointed preachers to go. But third man. Here's Reverend Jackson and here's Reverend Al Sharpton. See, one thing about Al Sharpton, I hate to say this, but it's the honest show. I hate to say it, but I'll of all the feel like democratic contenders. Al Sharpton is by far and away and don't get me wrong. I wouldn't vote for him, I would vote for anybody against Bush. But in the primary I wouldn't vote for him because he's a evil person and a racist. But he's by far and away the most forceful speaker. He's got the best sense of humor. He puts everybody else in their place. I mean, Sharpton runs circles around the other ones. I saw a lot of them up in New York. A lot of what? A lot of Al Sharpton. I saw a lot of Al Sharpton's in New York. Are you making other racist comment? Pick an image out of your buddy for else the song book. Nice going, Scott. You're fired. Few rally for elephant. Task force expects to have ready a report ready for Bush this week. That's Jeff Bush. We gotta keep our Bush's straight. Broward County election supervisor, Miriam elephant, rallied in private Monday. Look at that Irish have only two votes on our poll. Those pasty Irishmen? Generally speaking Irish people are not attractive. Of course there are some people I know who aren't into attractive people, which is good. Good for me. But tonight really is good. But Irish pasty Irishman would have bad compulsion in those. What do you call those things in the like freckles? Not just freckles. You know I'm talking about. Yeah, deep red cheek. Oh, geez. Like Prince Harry and you. Oh, man, are you growtest? Anyway, proud county election supervisor, Miriam elephant, rallied in a private Monday with a handful of supportive, a small handful about a dozen. Although black ministers urge and see people think I'm making that up. They don't read the newspaper, which most people don't. And I don't blame them down here. Although black ministers urge their congregations over the weekend to turn out by the hundreds to stand behind the embattled Miriam elephant, doesn't show up at the government center. Oh, yeah. We watch it email the governor. We want hundreds of people to show up. Did it happen? No. Is it ever going to have no? No, because they're on to work. And they're on to all you phony preachers to try to make a racial issue out of this. Which it isn't a racial issue. See, here's another reason why there's so much racial hatred in this country is that people who are somebody who's totally incompetent or somebody who's clearly a piece of crap like OJ, and then they try to make it into a racial thing. And like the caller said, on Friday, I have a very good point. When you try to defend somebody, when you hire a black person and they're incompetent, and then you have all kinds of a source when you try to get rid of them. Other people aren't going to be so anxious to hire a black person. If they got equally qualified black and white people for the same job, they're going to hire the white person because the white person never got to be able to say, oh, you can't fire me on white. Nobody ever said, you can't fire me because I'm white. But the other person like Miriam for example, oh, you can't fire me because I'm black and we'll get the NAPP and all these others and the preachers in the organization and all of the said the crap will bring back Peter Warwell. And we'll make a big stick about it and beat the crap out of everybody if they don't go along with us. They will get big number eight to beat up on everybody. That's what we need is number eight back on the path is what do you say? No, not. See, that was a good move that they made. You know, nothing about hockey. I'm embarrassed for the organization that a guy like Mike Keenan who's got, you know, Stanley Kevin the York to his credit, which almost nobody else in the history man kind of, at least in modern histories got to can say that. Almost said one same list. That's right. Then you're head one in San Luis. Mike Keenan, he's been around, gets candle out of place. It's just like your buddy for real. He gets candle. It does mean he doesn't have any talent. He's just a hard ass. That's all. He's difficult to handle. And the Panther organization being the Alan Cohen who knows nothing. I was bringing closer. I do it by the way. Yeah. See, him lately. Also, you should have been here the day that they made the Brettless announcement about buying the team and Bernie comes in here and he opened the door he was gigalling up a little girl. Wasn't Bernie co-star quarterback? Yeah, for they Browns in the Dolphins, yes? So, what does that have to do with hockey? Nothing but he's got a big nose. My life and low moose is where he stood in the 420560. 220. 220. Yeah. That's, and I saw my opponent. Morten Morten and he's new y'all city bosses. Brown over a monkey. My opponent, Mary Ellen Fishbox has her period three out of four weeks a month. My opponent Morten got fired from the mall for sexually harassing a mannequin. Well, my opponent Mary Ellen Fishbox eats leftover fruit from bot classes. My opponent Morten Morten, who eats it? My opponent Mary Ellen Fishbox never offered a reach around. My opponent Morten, my botanist, Sarah! Your frigid bitch. You can get laid and manage feelings if your spongebob was a cure for a pain. My hero Lesbon. You're a piece of crap! You're a no good stink! My dick spigger! And for, by friends of Morten and Mary Ellen Fishbox. Thank you. 1032 at 560, WQI am happy Tuesday to a 61-photent appole. We'll get there. We'll get some more categories on there. Eventually, I notice Eric already got Argentinians on there. Nice going, Eric. He must be in between feedings. Sexually, who are the hottest people on the world in the world? Americans 21. Well, it's probably because many of you have limited experience. Yeah, should have figured that in the beginning. Because Americans tend to be very pericule people. Although we have all these other invaders here. Does mean you have to do some of these other people on their turf. See what I'm saying? Like I've never been to Colombia. But I have been well. Colombian 16, Italians 14, Irish 6, and that's those pasty Irish and Argentinians 4. Already, just went on there. It's already got 4. I got 1. Yeah. Russians. Russians. Russian women especially. Really? Well, I... Russian, I would say Colombian men especially. I mean, yeah, that's just, that makes sense. You're going to say Russian because I'm assuming it never had sex with a Russian guy. Not even Pavell Brey. Not lately. Or Sergei Fedorub. Who's she bearded for now? Oh, that's right. It's in Riké. That anocornal hordias. Isn't that the new deal? Yeah, last year was Lexi Yashina. Now, have you ever noticed how she tends to be a beard for every closet? I mean, I love you N Riké, but let's face it, man. You ain't full of nobody sweetheart. And he already told me it's really, really teeny and tiny. He is even the guy's happy with me. It's not not in public, but behind closed doors that he is just hot. Super, super hot. He's flaming. Here's the faction that Denver fan again. Just don't get carried away. We kicked your ass last week. There's nothing better than a honey glazed Brazilian woman. Oh, yeah, but can you be sure that's really a woman. That's the question, brothel. Uh-huh. Yeah. Russians and Brazilian Zerik put him on there and don't play hard to get. Okay. I mean, I can fact you to him. But what's the point? He's listening. Let me say it again. Let me interrupt your hard work that you're doing. Russians and Brazilians, Eric, you've got it? Good. Get it. Russians and freaking Brazilians, the women. Well, we're not, we're not specifying. Because we're assuming that since our audiences put on my email, they're talking about, man. I mean, women. And this crowd who now knows, they wanted to see endless summer over and over again. And let's loop. It wanted to see that surfing flick with Bruce Brown. Any guy whose name is Bruce, be very, very wary. Okay. Be very under wary. It says their hormonal imbalance also makes nice, uh, treat in the avial sacco, the Brazilian women. Trust me, get one of those Brazilian honey's in the sacco. Find out the meaning of, mouikhaliente in your case. I guess you need to think of a Brazilian guy with the mask. Ocassana can be the last line on here. See, it's like that. Which is probably just as good. Probably to mask Ocassana is, you know, something. No, it's the Denver fan. He's a little bit out of sorts after the Patriots. Kicked and res asked with a great company. I nice one. Tom Brady. How about in New England? How about the hot guys in the England? 560, 560, uh, uh, 560 on the AT&T and for Eisenhower was the line. We'll take a few calls here today. That's an important reason to do this George Soros article is sensational. Billionaire Soros takes on Bush to which we say, Alright. Yeah, nice college, George. You go, boy. Good work. Here's Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. First call of the day. Make it very good. Miami. Yes, sir. Good morning, I'm going there. I'm sorry to call you a little bit late for your birthday. That's okay, so we're with our, and this is already the yellow. By the way, happy veterans day. All the veterans. We appreciate your efforts. The reason why I'm calling is not to rip ass and not to kiss ass. Yes, go on. Kiss away. I will. Go ahead. Kiss, kiss, kiss. Come on. Give me a little kiss, right? Brian. I know he can change her. Like I said, don't do it again. He's got a champion. The reason why I called is that called by the guy gets their stolen from me, Russian woman. Yeah. I'm married to one for 10 years. Yeah. The most fabulous lovers in the world. Are really? They got a big ass? Not a big ass, a fantastic. They're letting women, they're letting them to your tiny women, other ones with a big ass, right? No, sir. But the Russians are the best. Okay. And I want you to know one thing that you are. The gentleman next to you, I profusely enjoy every single time when I listen to him. Oh, great. Well, put him on by now or sounds good. Beautiful. Have you ever loved the day? And have yourself. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Go have yourself. Fancy. A Russian Russians, Eric. Russians, Brazilians. Where we are. Just hand-version, didn't we? Like I said, Russians and Brazilians. The hottest sexual animals in the world. Americans, 22, Italians, 19. Yeah. But there's a tag in women have all that armpit here. You know, it's a little bit gets in a way. Plus if they'd ever like, you know, be the base once in a while would be good. Attangents are not the best when it comes to hygiene. Norton like in Milan, course Milan is more like New York. Milan is like a more industrial. It's not even like Italy. It's more like Northern Europe. But the rest of Italy from South of Milan, I mean, it's a little on the game aside. Ooh. You know, it smells like they've slut that you're clothing for like weeks and months at a time. Some of them. I'm just telling you the way it is. Especially when you get on a crowded bus. Oh, baby. It's really exciting. And then of course you're also like, you're at your hand on your pocket because you don't want the gypsies to steal your wallet and then you try to put your other hand on your nose so you don't have to smell the aroma. The scent. 72 votes Americans 22 Italians 19 Colombe and Z18. Trust me, all you people of any persuasion out there get ahold of a hot Colombian, which sure that's redundant. Oh, wow. Mm-hmm. Trust me from very much personal experience. Iris 7, 7 like those pasty Irish, Argentinian 6, Russian 0 and Bravilians, have got the big, so far. He said, I got a big one. Oh, it's big and a crazy Italians. Well, he's really a polock. The Pope. The Pope does it again. See, oh, the Holy Father. The Holy Father. You people in a medium man, you all belong on death row, you're crazy people. I'll tell you that right now, ladies and gentlemen. Crazy people out there in a me. The Holy Father was very free. Oh, but his tiny 15 visits next year. Yeah. Don't plan to far ahead, Pops. John Paul II yesterday and by the way, you're doing a beautiful job on our website. I love the way these stories print out. Now, see now they all when you when you click on him. They all have like the Neo Rogers logo on top and you put him up. You can go to the original link for it to find out from what's a game. But it's a beautiful thing and erected that. All by himself. And that great. He's doing his job. He's doing it. By the way, if you got right, he's got him on there already. Russians and Brazilians. He just calls the bitch. That's all. He just is a bitch. Eric, quit being such a fat bitch, okay? Because if you're so busy, how come you're getting the one? I'm just doing them one at a time. Not going to make it like a long list of every and like a stony in Zarka to be under or like lathe in. Anybody ever school a lathe in? Probably not. That's why they got such a small population. Same with the licked and seen. Spoke John Paul the tooth yesterday. The announced as morally contradictory and I bet you what's his name's pretty pretty pissed off about a dude George Reeves. I mean, Steve Reeves. I mean, what the hell is his name? Can't or Reeves? No, Superman. Christopher Reeves. Christopher Reeves. Well, I got all the other one for you. By the way, speaking of fat people, look at Zack ballooning up like a cow. What is yours? No, seriously. I think that you people need some help. No, because I'm not here for you off of them. What I came in yesterday morning. I saw that gigantic tub of food on the table there from how he's. How is your, listen to me? Don't tell me you're not eating any of it. You're a pig. You had like a sandwich in each hand and a strawberry milkshake. You were sucking the straw on the table. He was bending over. And of course, Terrence came in and had his eyes are rolling around like a pinball machine when he saw you hunched over like that. Look to me like he was ironed your back. Oh, ass. But a name. And I'll see you now. Listen to me. You know, listen, you just, it's a waste of time. It's a waste of effort. You're going to wind up just like Josh Friedman. They're going to be stapling your stomach. You wind up like the beast who's already hit the beast is how old like about 26 28 something like that. How old is he? Oh, 30. Oh, seriously. He's like in his, uh, Bop, 30 man. And he still running while I could overgrown child at UM by the way. Nice game there, Beast. But in any rate, uh, he's already had like every guy that I'm procedure. And you're going to wind up with the same thing. He's not listening to what we're doing. I'm saying he just wants to eat. Just shovel it in there. It's the Jewish way, man. Just keep shoveling the food in there. Probably his parents keep force feeding and they sit in the corner when I think they do. Oh, here eat SSS. It's good for you. Yes. All that fatty stuff, all those blinces, man. Moxiballs, nothing but pure carbohydrates. Oh, by the way, I got a great new sponsor coming on. I am so ecstatic about these people. It's called enterrex diabetic stuff. It's a drink. It doesn't have nearly as many carbs as, uh, slim fast, some of those. And actually taste good. People nice guys, they wind here this morning. And I drank a couple of those. Probably shouldn't have had a couple, but they're so damn good. But anyway, we'll be talking about that as soon as they start paying for it. In a speech to scientists, yet today, Pope said research in the stem cell technology has understandably grown and important in recent years because of the open offers of the cure of ill-seffecting many peoples. John Paul suffers from Parkinson's disease. One of the ailments that might benefit from stem cell research. However, he reiterated the Vatican position to show what a moron is. That stem cells for purposes of experimentation or treatment cannot come from human embryo. Oh, God loves those embryos, baby. Vatican teaching holds that life begins in conception, not contraception, God forbid a conception. Any treatment which claims to save human lives yet is based on human life in its embryotic state. And logically, morally contradict, we as is any production of human embryos for the directive indirect purpose of experimentation or eventual destruction of Pope-Cold participants, and a stone age meeting organized by the controversial Academy of Sciences and advisory body. And the immediate continues going on about the Holy Father said this and the Holy Father and you idiots out there, you crazy people, when your rosary beads and your virgin Mary's in your crucifixes and your wolf-been, what is wrong with you? Like that. Man, oh man, oh man. If you could just set your brains free, what a great place the world would be. And that a great saying, what a great place the world would be if people could set their brains free and be more like me and the and go take a good pee. God, what is wrong with this world, huh? So simple, there's nothing complicated about it, it's simple. And poor Christopher Reeve out there was pissed off at the Bush people and I was probably really pissed off at the freaking Pope-2 because the guy, I know it's really asking a lot, but he'd like to walk in his lifetime. We'll be nice if somebody hundred years from now can do it, but he'd like to be able to do it himself. Can the Pope still walk? Yeah, excellent point. Stam cells, baby. Send him to the Vatican right now. I bet the local V6 is 560. The radio's on yours. Oh, you a- Yeah. I picked up a f***ing guy's neck. Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? My Emmy has the violence. Earl Champion, baseball team. Not long before the series. No fans were ever seen. Not that their chance they have the fans surrounding them like rats. Who went to celebrate over? One refunds for their husbands. They're just crumpling fondies. C'mon, you'd better hold on to support them to stay warm. Yeah, they're just crumpling fondies. C'mon, you'd better grab a b***o one. My Emmy friends have been talking about him. I'll swear. Put all around the boring, cavern. No one really cares. Forhold that they can understand supporting their own team. We'll call them for a radio to get their tickets. Because they're just crumpling fondies. I'll have crumpling fondies. Short on support unless they want. And they're there. Come on. Come on. There we go, home now. You never know what him. I thought maybe there might be a little something to attack on on the end. It's a 1047 at 5.60 WM. The highly weighted, the highly touted Jim Matedcho from Schullis Day 2 today. The Humper Hank Goldberg at 4 this afternoon for three solid hours. Haven't seen Hank in months and months and months. You think he's going to come in early to say, oh, say hi. Give me a big low five. Rob Conrad hour at 5 to 6. So I have really only has a two hour show. I'm sure there's just a few hours show. Give me. And then you got pants and people would seven of Panthers in a lightweight to seven light near for real. Maybe they got the most wins in the conference of Lee Bate. Mike's right. Haven't lost one game. They lost one game. They played only 12 games and they're like eight one two and one. I believe. Let's see a nine. Yeah. And they're like, they're on fire. They're for real. They're a hell of a team. Yeah. They got real good real fast. Yeah. What happened here? They got real bad real fast. And they stayed real bad real fast. They keep getting worse real fast real fast. And Tampa Bay will make the playoffs this year. In fact, it looks like probably they're going to win the division. Them in Atlanta. One two. I think the Panthers going to make the point. No, the Panthers will not make the playoffs. I hate to break the news to you. Just like that thing. I just got through a planer that poker Brian, but you see, you have to be a realist. I like the Panthers. I love hockey, but the fact that the matter is Alan Cohen hasn't got any idea what he's doing in the first clue. Should have been when they said, oh, well, we're going to keep build. Torrey on because we like the way he wears them bow ties. And we don't know nothing about it. He's the expert. Well, as soon as they said that, we knew they were full of crap. Because Bill Torrey's expertise kind of vanished once he left the honors about 100 years ago. Long ancient path, silly man playing too much comedy when I'm young girls. So at any rate. And that was the end of that. And from there, I'm we went downhill. Not that we want Pawville, Brewer, Ray Wittney or Scott Melambier, Mike Syllinger, and those guys because they were like too good. You know, this all the calls we had yesterday. And this is supposed to be the hockey. And even here, all the calls we had about Mike Keenan getting fired. The big, oh, none, zero. Anyway, we got the game tonight for you. If you can't go, you should be going lightning in the panther's 70 30 at the Macarena, a really entertaining team the lightning. You're fast, they're young, they can stick the biscuit in the basket. They got nickel, I hobby bull and that John. Now what's his name? Graham is pretty then good too. He played unbelievable the other night in against Carolina. And at one one time, he was phenomenal. And you got Eddie Kaff to the hockey game in Joe and Mark in the dark two to five over night who hate mole like poison, but they're too afraid to say it. Here's the facts from Marty who says, I'll tell you what Saudi Arabian women are animals once you take off all that towel that they're momma fight in. Just say, Mummy, Mummy, they're so sexually deprived and he prayed that when you get them, they can be furious, furious. I think if you can get past this stench, you'll have a nice time with them. You think a tiny woman don't shave it says, now that we bombed all of their men, they'll be hitting our way, they'll be really extra horny, I guess. Saudi Arabians, let's get that on there. Okay, that's what Osama Yamama says. By the way, aren't you glad we're wasting 87 billion in Iraq with this war in Killing all these people including all these American kids? Instead of fighting terrorism with all of that money? Because now all this crap in Sudan and Saudi Arabian all over the world, and of course here we'll probably have some more crap again, no doubt. And we're just not doing it. Have we got Osama yet? No. And Osama who's saying, and Mullah Bala Omar and all these other go and all. No, we don't. But we sure talk a good game. Here's while I was away, a birthday card from Rita, formerly of green acres, Las Vegas, and now visiting on a bench in Del Rey. You're now sitting on a bench in Del Rey. She's here. Thank you, Rita. You're the one. She's at plus the Van Lady lift mine in my mailbox. That was it. I've been on here as in years in this market. A trillion years. About 30 man. To tuber take cards on the audience. Does that tell you a lot about this stuff? I mean, usually every year it's like, you know, 9, 11, that doesn't 15. What's up like that? Two count them. There's your well-wishers on the air. What does that mean? Anybody on this call? I mean, that's for free. Well, wishers, my ass. Oh, no way. Oh, and here's another one. I take that back because I forgot about my buddy. Pete from Michigan State. Thank you, Pete. Pete runs a place called Kekis. It's a Spartan on restaurant in Boca. And by the way, if Mo comes in here, kick his ass out, Pete. If Mo comes in here, looking for a freebie snoring around. Kekis discussing slimy old ass out. The room around the building is, and it's not just the room where he came in dressed up like a clown or something this morning. And I was at all about. Yo, I was shoes, big red nose, backwards hat. Yeah. Beard. And what do that mean? I don't know. Was that his disguise? Maybe he put, I still think he put his hairpiece on his chin. I don't think he has a nice name. Because he plays a mean chin ball at Mo. I don't think he was under the hat today. He wasn't wearing a hairpiece? Oh, God, I missed that. I don't know. I missed that. I didn't even have anything to see that. Two days in the room. I missed my close personal buddy Mo. Man. Because one thing about him, the Mo I see him, the more I absolutely despise him. And absolutely. Anyway, here's the happy 60th birthday. Plus it was 61, Pete. Get it right. From the SMSU alumni's sound photo, hope you like to share it. I love the shirt. If you don't insist, pick it up your ass. Kekis is Spartan on restaurant in Boca. Ask for Pete. Go up there and say hi to Pete. Tell me why I said you buy. No charge your double. And it's a beautiful thing. Look at that. Let me say. The guy in the restaurant got their ass kicked by Ohio State on Saturday. We don't care. That's all right. Everybody in on campus is still getting laid four or five times a day. No problem. They're drinking at Nice to Brown. Nobody can drink like this Spartan's. I'll tell you that right freaking now. That's pretty swell. And so is this shirt. Yeah, it's swell and right now. Just thinking about it. Hey, I went to a couple of classes in two years. Maybe two or three. And they said, Oh, please don't come back. And I said, All right. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line. sexually who are the hottest people in the world. Americans dirty. Americans have got 30. But 30 man Colombians 27, Italians 26, Italians have got an Colombian ass. Residents 24. The Irish did paste the Irish. You got 10. They're second win. They're way in the behind. Argentinians have nine. Brutal Russians have got six. And we're as Brazilian. So 24. And Saudi Ravens just went up on their out of 132 votes. Residents 24. I guess that's for guys who aren't picky. They don't really care as long as it's alive in a warm. Because with the Brazilian seriously, from what I read and here and seen, you can't really be sure what you got to hold up. Kind of like any Murphy and what's his name all over again. And that's why they invented that wax. You grant. Yeah, that's the they have why see build up. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T. I'm good news about my health. By the way, for those people praying that I die. Too bad you lose. Thanks to my good close friends. The rumors I was like all set up to be doctor. And again, I don't want to go running to doctors every time I'm here. But I've had this irritable bowel for like weeks and weeks and weeks and weeks. Oh man. And then I had that wonderful experience yesterday. I mean, when it does 15, 25, 25 visits. And I think I got to all of my sister. I woke up this morning like a miracle. And it's all gone. It's all gone. I feel like a new guy. Just amazing. Thank you, God. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah, good. Thank you so much. Here's Pompano. Hello. Happy to late at birthday, Neil. Happy to late at one of you too. I'm currently doubling one. My birthday was last. That's Reverend Jones. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, see. Put it to a sock. You can try to filter it to a soup can. You're still the same asshole. Okay, Reverend Jones. Go away. Wait till George comes back. I've recovered him. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes. How's your feet? Yeah. Here's for a lot of Dale. Hello. Fort Lauderdale. Oh. Yes. This better than day of day or two. What is it? Wednesday. Up in Toronto. The Mediterranean. Yes it is. Hey, you like it, hey, Trader? Yeah. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. You might not just take any calls that he just a bunch of assholes. Here's Kendall. Hello. Kendall. Oh, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? Okay. Hey, listen. I think you got to put Greeks on there. Greek? Yeah. I mean, if any coal ethnic group would take it up the, uh, okay, great. Okay. So we've had three in a row and they all have basically the same thing in their mind. Correct. What they got. That's all you know. 5, 6, 7. Oh, this is really special to the end. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. It wasn't mind once working. Call from Gano because I had fixed it fixed it. Gainesville. Hello. I knew it was up. How are you doing, sir? I think you got to add French ladies to the list there. Yeah. You must. Okay. We must. French. I think they'll have good one. Okay. That's a very good. My husband's phone is being tapped there. See I attack you could hear it. French, you put the French on your, okay, eras, right immediately. Cooking a French toast. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T. See Jimmy Alton. He's the only engineer we got that really cares. And if you say, hey, this is broken. He magically goes and does something. He fixes it. What a concept. Hey, man. Unlike George Corso and Bob Vermoath and some of the other slackers we got around here, who quite frankly, don't give a crap. I'm not a liar in the world. We're sports with you. 5, 6, 10. You a, M. God. I can't believe I'm the winner. I'm the winner. Well, it wasn't even close. I found my day that's all all great. Hey, Chris. Don't people didn't see to clear I grabbed the movies hard and little bit. Can't afford the ice, smoking at the weather. Lots of women said I fable them in all it was like 33. But that don't care. And the water's okay, because now I'm done to hope a data for the candy for the animal. Alright. Well, I used all of my muscle. And I used all of my sex appeal. I'm very hot. I guess the borders didn't care that I made all those people out. Who she's been screaming? Ha ha ha ha ha. Well, eat your harness with your public. And you tell them you are the final scream. Trust me. Therefore give you like it means at the lecture to the GOP. Is a key change in the song. Who's the man? Say little fat man, swamario brother. Never had a prayer. Herobles. The boy who starts about to take it. He still had man on the way. Oh, certainly because he's tiny holes. I'm the big star. I'm the winner. And my heart wide is a candy. Ha ha ha. And now I'm done to hope a data for the candy for the animal. I'm embarrassing. 11.2560. Here's a fact that says verify what I told you. See all these homophobes and lunatics and right wing bush likers out there calling in. They're just jealous. Too bad. And also really upset over the fact that I'm feeling so good today. Man, I feel like I just though was reborn. Too bad sounds like I've had 20 years of me on a year. Rip in your ass. Facts as I have a little Jewish guy who happens to marry to a Colombian girl. Oh, and yes you're right. Colombians are the hobbyist. I think so. Together we just produced a bouncing baby, Jewelumbian. It says, P.S. check your spelling on a website. It's Colombian with an, oh, as in, oh, as in, as opposed to you. That's okay. Our spizzy's got a lot of other work to do. He can't be bothered about spell checking and stuff like that. So we're doing the best we can. And in spite of his bad spelling, Presidents in Colombians are tied. Numeratonal 309 of P.S. Merkins 31. See, I mean, Americans is like, you know, generic. That could be like people from Indiana. Could be like people from Kentucky, Yahoo's, people with long ponytails like fix it. Thanks, fix it. You're the best. No, seriously. This is one of the few people in the world like in the engineering department. You say, there's something wrong. And there's a, oh, I can't handle it. I'm leaving. I have to go to the doctor now. I can't believe I saw that. It's actually fixed. Well, come on in and stick it in there. I mean, uh, oh, you're not that good. No, I'm still pretty bad. No, there's the, there just, just stick my cord on it. Just stick that thing right in the slant. We got our, in one day, see this goes to show you George Corso. And I, too bad it wasn't both of your legs. We had to get, we had to get done Corleoni. Seriously, done Corleoni in a break both of his legs. That piece of crap. You know what I'm talking about? God, is he pathetic? Just a slacker is what he is. You know, wake up and get with it. You idiot. Thanks to fix it. You're the best, like I said. And by the way, before you leave, it's a good. Take it all. So we got everything fixed. We got line one working again for the first time in months. And we got the office phone and he'll work. Because we got a real engineer who cares, uh, sends it very best as opposed to a bunch of excuse making goofballs who never sure up all the time. Oh, well, George got a bad leg and he's out of crutch. Yeah. Never stopped fat boy. He's wild. And look at that. And now the phone is ringing. Oh, no. Did you hear me now? Yeah. Okay. No better. What? What? I was you calling my office phone. Now how do I get rid of it? God. Yeah. Like I said, I hate that fix it. I like things better when they're broke. They don't make all that noise. Anyway, uh, Brazilians 39, Columbians are 33. Americans 31 Italians 30. If they don't, uh, if they shower once in a great while. Maybe a little bath. Maybe like a sponge bath would be good. But I'm going to continue in 15. The Irish have got 12. They like that Irish spring that Irish springs theme. Russians 9 Saudi Rabin 3 and a French have got one. The freedom people. Well, we can't say the French no more. That's another example of the silly kind of mindless things that Americans do. The dumb ones, you know. Oh, well, the president says the French and the Germans are enemies now. So let's call him freedom fries. Oh, okay. Makes it to me. Oh, yeah. Sounds good, Rufus. Make me have the back to them. Freedom fries and hold them. It's, uh, a scary thing. But when you take a take a look at the map, everybody in the audience go get a map. Go on the internet and find a map of the US and take a look at the states like look at Wyoming and Idaho and the Dakotas in Montana and Arizona and Nebraska and in the Ander and Kentucky and Mrs. Sippy and Alabama and Louisiana and Texas and Oklahoma and the Carolinas and Georgia and Virginia. And you start saying to yourself, this is a mudwamp country. Yeah, a lot of mudwamps run around out there and loose. And then look at like an outside of San Florida. Look at the right. Well, just look at this. But look at the rest of Florida. There's two eggs. Right. And there's temple terrace and there's lutes. I know, holy, moly, man. Y'all come back now here. And there's Gainesville. And there's Lakeland. Why, why, why, why. A lot of trailer parks in the state of Florida, man. You're in T of that. Seriously, every 50 yards. And most of the rest outside of the neighborhood in Palm Beach, there's a whole bunch of trailer parks. But third man. True. I'm going to read this whole article when I get time back to the break about George Cero. This is good news. Just to give you little teas, this will get the right wing as all been out of shape. George Cero's one of the world's richest men is given away nearly $5 billion to promote democracy and the former Soviet block African Asian. He has a new project defeating George Bush. I saw a George baby. I wish I would listen to him. He was one of the first people who said back during the dot com crash in the months before it happened. He said, all of this stuff. Most of these companies are going to go out of business in a few months. Most of this is a paper tiger. It's all built on the deck of cards. It's going to come crashing down. And I, you know, I wish I would listen to him instead of. You know what I'm saying? I wish I would listen to him. I remember. I can say seven or no the other stocks crash. No, we're not talking about these seven. We're talking about in 2001. Just tell me. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless 9. See, I don't think about Scotty. He may not be good, but he's consistent. Here's Boiton B. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you doing? Pretty good sir. Okay. I have a nice little race coast of Reconchick. They like Puerto Rican girls, but without that attitude, Negro attitude. Negro attitude? Yes. You know, they'll knew you're re-confied, you know? New Greek in, yeah. Yeah. Okay. Great. What are you saying? 560. We're still looking for our first real call of the day. We've had a bunch of well now we had the first guy was okay. Whatever he said. I forget he's stuck my ass. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. Here's a call from Boca. Hello. Boca. All right. Neil. Pretty good. Thanks. Got a great category for free. Yeah. Swedish women. Swedish of course. Why not Swedish men? Just because that Swedish porn is ancient history. Don't overlook them. Swedes man or hot. Can we get out of here so much? Don't forget the Swedes. How about an important holia? That's right. She's Russian. But Red Aquinas of good days. Yeah. There you go. Got a great story for you. My brother is a New Year's doctor. And his primary practice is people with hearing loss. Right. Well, you have yesterday, so you wouldn't believe it. I just had some sort of disson of priest coming to see me today. So they take this medical history the day's on every hand side to press and under the sun. Hmm. But when I asked him what huge chief complaint Reffinfu is hearing loss, God's honest quote from the guy. God's honest. I can't hear the little boy. What does that mean? That's what my brother couldn't figure out. Even said to the priest, what's your biggest promise for us hearing goes. I can't hear the little boy. There's no fact in the church. Okay. Well, thanks a little. Well, we'll ponder that for a little while. He's a, I guess when the door opens, he just can't hear them coming. Scourge score. What it means. I'll probably in their case. They're too little to be doing that yet. Anyway, five, six, seven, five, 60. You figured that out? You haven't had any idea. I think we got a bunch of purverts on the phone here today. If he asked me. What show was that? We were listening to. Resetians 44, Colombian 38, Americans 34, Italian 30, about 30. And that's it. After that, it's small potatoes. We've got to grab these faxes, man. And pour in us. Here's another chronic chronic faxor. Just unbelievable. Venezuela's, oh, let's give Venezuela's on here. The Latino people, huh? Latinos. Venezuela's, especially the women are the most beautiful. Supple creatures on it. Just look at the number of misuniversitals they own. By the way, did you find a curious that the US evacuated its people before the so-called Alcatacan Saudi Arabia? That caught my ability. And we had that article on the website. Just Saturday, and we had that article on the website. Just Saturday morning, and then of course it happened later on Saturday. We had it on there just hours before it happened. So they were tipped off. The thing was something was coming. And then of course now in Sudan, they're saying the same thing in plus more in Saudi Arabia. I don't want to see anybody get injured. But you almost have to like have a little bit of glee over the fact that societies are having us come up and bite him right back in the ass. They nurtured it even on the newscast, even on the propaganda news in America. All we're going to ask, does found not guilty of murder in neighbors that I haven't been found that story. Fred Durst, I didn't know he killed anybody. But the Saudis have been nurturing it and funding it and supporting it like that CBC documentary. I played a couple of times with is on our website still. And all of a sudden it bites by so many ass. Somebody drew a good analogy. They said, just like if you raise a pet snake. You raise a snake and all of a sudden one day when you're least expected, you know, you feed it, you help it grow and you encourage it. And it one day it just snares up a tent and bites right in the ass. And that's what's happening in them freaking Saudis. Maybe this will wake up and get them off their schmothas, you know what? 11 past 11 is 560 WQM if you need to get some help for your head. If your head looks like Boka Brian, but I tell you one thing he lost a lot of weight. Most of them is head. He lost about 40 pounds of hair. And you guys out there you can empathize because most of us have that male pattern baldness that the world likes to dispense. freely just hands it out to almost everybody. So Charles Alfier is the guy you ought to be talking to because you can go to a lot of people. There must be a thousand different ways that you can try to fill in that spot on your head now. And most of them in fact almost all of our ludicrous, the holes in the head, the magic pills that supposedly make you hear. I love the guys that take the pills and then like every day they're like in the bathroom they're looking in the mirror. Oh, there's a follicle maybe. Well, I ain't going to get the job done. If you look at me 500 of my work. For over 25 years, Charles Alfier has been helping guys look their best to rich the, not so rich in everybody in between because they know that no matter how much money they spend. They can't get a better look and head here than that natural hairline system. In fact, Moa so upset with his piece he just didn't even work this morning. Now he just went and down he threw the old musk ran out. And everybody gets Charlie's 30-day guarantee so we have nothing loose but that ugly glaring bald spot. If you don't love the way after 30 days that looks and feels and smells, if you're not getting late at least 15-20-30 times a week. Just give Charlie the old hair and hugged your money back. And right now if you mention the arrages when you make the call you can extra 200 bucks off the already low price. And if you don't have the toll free number to call to get your hair back and look better and younger than you ever dreamed you could again. 1-800-3212413. That's 1-800-3212413 or look them up on a way by Charles Alfierry.com. I am old. This is Portweeting of my city. You way, yeah. From the producers of American Idol. From the heartwarming collection of favorites and interpreted by America's sweetheart. Very shy, old. I'm of course she loves to sing. Look how she's smiling. I'm of course she loves to sing. I'm of course she loves to sing. I'm of course she loves to sing. I'm of course she loves to sing. I'm of course she loves to sing. Yes, it's Terry Chival, live from Room 2-4-G.C. Another exploitation available now from the sub-lethint breath. Ever known as how much he's had by Eurics, first on that last one, which was like that. That's Terry. 1118-560 WQA. Anyway, George Bush's 3-day visit to London next week is prompting tension between US security agents in Can't Livingstone. American officials are demanding an exclusion zone around a prison while the London mayor wants to keep the city as open as possible. Metropolitan Police are planning a 4... I don't know what that is. A security operation to cope with an estimated 100,000 anti-war protestors. I see 4 million pounds. God, almighty, that's like 60 to 6.4 million dollars. Scotland, the Arts is a little facilitate lawful demonstrations of a campaign to say pullways are trying to block them. Activist planning a stop bush march protest march to sender London November 20. Police are planning to seal off large parts of Central London. So you think you got problems in Miami just wait. And you do have problems in Miami on week after this next week. Meanwhile, Michael Moore calls out the British to shout down the bush visit. Let's hear it for Mike Morgan. Michael Moore author filmmaker and satirical nemesis of George's W. Bush urged Britain to take to the streets by the tens of thousands to protest the president's visit to London. In London, the promoting is new bookdude where's my country more quickly was the advance man for next week's first ever full address state visit to Britain by US president. Bush has been using the British people now for the better half of a year as I cover it essentially to say, see it's not just us, the Brits are with us in Iraq, more told reporters at the offices of British publisher Penguin. You need to expose the line by your presence and by showing the American people that in fact, the British people don't support this. I'll give the best selling writer. I think Brits citizens have a very important job helping us to remove Bush from office next year. White House planners reported Monday to be pressing British authorities to virtually shut the most of Central London, which I just mentioned in the other article. I wonder if while they're there, the president's going to have a little maybe cup of tea and some crumpets with Prince Charles with Princess Charlie. You think? Poor Princess Charlie, man, in that as shame. There are most definitely our several queens in Buckingham Palace make no mistake about it, okay? Much of silly Brits. I've been telling these people for years that they're all a bunch of pansies over there and I'm not at Neil. He thinks everybody's a flag right. I've been telling you that. British men, Fags. Redundancy. 567.0560. On the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line, Brazilians are off to the races. Baby 52 of Colombians are hot on their ass with 44. Americans 40. Mixed and match. Here's Del Ray Beach, hello. Del Ray Beach. Del Ray Beach. What a money. I've ever heard of my life. What's that? Oh yeah, and she's great. I have never heard of the I almost wrecked my word truck. Terry socks out to hits, baby. That was a great. If anybody doesn't like it, they can go through their stuff. They can kiss my ass, right? They can kiss both of the brats and balls, fun. They can kiss everybody's ass and mine. They can look my genitalia. They can kiss Terry's eye, though, that's right. I was going to say that was the best thing ever heard Neil. Excellent. Okay, get back on the road. Thanks. I drove off the road there from a book of Brian. He's a real hoot. But no one would like that. She sounded awful. I like Helen Keller. 567. I can't believe we got line 1. I just wanted to hear the dial tone line 1. That's great. And that's because it fixed the best because number 1. I'm here for a while. And number 2, fix it was here. And I said, hey, this needs to be fixed. Okay. I did it. Like magic. No time at all. Like in less than a half an hour, the office going back there. Now that works. See, the rest of you fakeers around here. It's unfortunate for you. It's lucky for us, but unfortunate for you. That Jim Yelton came to work here at WCWM because he goes to show the rest of you. What a bunch of incompetent lungheads you are. And I don't want to hear the excuse well. You know, we got kiss and we got power 96. Yeah, kiss this. That's my response to that. Okay. All they do is make excuses. Excuse excuses excuses excuses. It can't be done. There's no way to fix it. We don't give a crap. Which at that last one, that's the only honest one. They don't give a crap. They don't care. Now you notice how you saw all of a sudden. He just very businessmen like he would disappear out of here for half an hour. He came back in line 1 was already working. He handed us the phone. He hooked it up. He stuck his thing into your right place. And by the bang, there was. That's the way you get things done around here. You got it. And by the way, mo nice outfit. I am so sorry. I missed it. Maybe he wore that just for me. Huh? You think? Trying to impress you? Maybe he was trying to impress me with his garb as often. Maybe he was trying to match my sloth andliness. Hey, by the way, mo, I'm still a slob and proud of it. Here's Kendall. Hello. Me, oh. Yes, sir. I need to arm the list. And you for about 100 years, man. Yeah. Seems like it. I'll take it then. Well, thanks for turning me on to the Michael Moore. Both the other day I was driving around and you were talking. You were reading a little bit out of it. So I went to the bookstore, picked it up. I'm about more than halfway through. I'm at the section there where he teaches you how to speak to your public and brother and wife. Right. By the way, I have been as well as getting her. I've been as well as an error. Come, sir. Go ahead. Yeah. I know a couple of ass. I'm like that. So it's going to come in handy. That's it. Well, thanks a lot, Neil. Okay. Palin, glad you're reading it. And I love it. This way, along with especially the women is this chronic facts. You're thinking that we've decided. No, it says that most beautiful supple creatures on earth. Just look at the number of misunivers titles they owned by the way. Did you find a curious the US evacuate? It's, but yeah, I already did read it. Well, so long ago. Easy to forget. How we doing with that best of Neil stuff. We got in the parents, sir. You had lined up for this week? No, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know what's going on. I saw my girl briefly yesterday. We just don't know. I did see some checks though. Come floating in here yesterday when I came back. All these people I want to like handed to me personally. Don't forget hockey game that I'd for us. You got to write that check. Bring your checkbook to the hockey game. We're just a pull out of check. Just pull it out for real. She passed it. Let's go. Let's get with it. Abandoned Pet Rescue. No excuses. No more excuses from the people around here. I mean, if Dave Hagen with his wife and everything could afford a nice check and Curtis who doesn't make like two nickels, if he could afford a check. And some of the other poor slepherds around here were really give a grab. Who tried to help out be a part of the thing. We just don't have enough team players on this radio station. We got too many superstars. I'm a star, you know. Evening anxious mole mice to even him. That's right. Even he let us do the thing with his key chains. Even him, even the anxious mole Howard David who is reviled and despised by all. Absolutely, but nonetheless, even gripper boy check in. Did he really? Yes he did. I still unlike him. Me neither. I mean, mole. I mean, that's a different category altogether. But gripper he's just he's creepy. He's got the perfect name. He is as creepy. They don't come no creeper than gripper. And if I've told him once, I've told him, BYE, times to get his politics straighten out, self-hating little right-winged you. Spore little brat, been working here for ten years, shows up when every hell he feels like it. Joe Costello hates him like poison, which is he would die a wicked death. Which is like a Mack truck would run over my dog in the parking lot. Hate him. Because he can't stay in the fact that this little pot, he must have naked pictures of Greg with every broad that ever came into building. He's got a gotta be. Oh, by the way, it's big of a Greg. Wasn't a nice a Greg read to come by and say, how do me yesterday was he here yesterday at all? Because I think he was. Yeah. Never came by and said, hey, Neil, how you doing haven't seen him in months. Didn't bother come by here. No way, Jose. He just missed you. What does that mean? You left him. He appeared. Yeah, I'm sure that must have been just an accident. I guess they forgot at the time the show ends. Schmuck. There's watching your car leave it. And I don't kind of because, yeah, he was sitting out there waiting for me. He was around the corner waiting to see when I pulled out on a 441. Because they're all even the Italy today. You know, the brain trust John Jarrison Greg and a power 96 out of the Atelier. Why is he you have Alzheimer's at such a young age? We talked about this yesterday. It's their big trip to Italy for break meeting their quota, whatever and sales. I'm power 96. Probably the AM people were about a two of Todd wreck. Wasn't running shows a scam back there. What is the leg? Pro agency business. Man, I'm so delighted that fat boy told me about that. And I realized what a figure Scott Todd wreck was. Yeah, that's right. Fat boys will win a told me. He out of you. He said that Todd wreck. Hi, apparently. You're a schmuck, is what he said. He said you're so full of crap. You got a PD-Lany like little boiler room going back there. What are your own phony baloney phony agency. And that's why we never get any real copy. And I got one thing to say to you again, Todd. Greg, who hasn't shown us face one time since I'm a back and I don't want to see him. Cause he hasn't donated a nickel. A lot of dime to our charity. Nothing. Hey, Colligan man. That's what I have to say to you. If I could tell you the story again about how he screwed up that account. This man could screw up the pulp, your wet dream, a goddamn wedding. A wild sexual experience he could screw it up, believe me, Todd wreck. Colligan man. What's that? If you're underpaid no work like Scott because he's a moron, maybe you'd like to have a new high paying career, but you don't have four years to waste and cause to get some training. Here's the answer for you, Todd. Pick up the phone call fast train, toll free at 866 fast train. If you tell him the Todd wreck called, they'll probably hang up on you immediately. Fast train can have you train and certified for a real job. Unlike Todd, just suspect there playing 40 million games are right in the pony contrast sliders. They can have you train and certified for a high paying computer network professional career or high paying medical computer specialist career. And his little last four months. That is absolutely correct sir. You can be fully trained already for a new career in just four short months. And fast train offers you a day evening a weekend classes. Job placement assistants financially to people who qualify as well. And with six convenient floor to locations, make no mistake about it for him here in South Florida. There is bound to be one. Ehhhhh. Close by where you live. So column today, toll free, one, 866 fast train, do yourself a favor, say goodbye to your dad and job. And at horseball bossiers is a real smug who don't even take the time to come and say hi Neil. How you doing? Nice to see you. Thanks for that great book and those big numbers again, you're the best. You know, some pony balloon, anything like that even though he doesn't mean it. Hey, Greg, you're the anti-Christ, make no mistake. And he hurt cut, people are laughing the rass off after. Check them out on the web first at fast train.com and make that toll free call and change your life. Get a life called 1-866 fast train. Live and local and here sports radio 566-U.A.M. David's a bitch. Give it to the director. Pick your bad day, wait sniffing glue. Eat with a rastra-glimba. Dancing up the walls and really have proof. Eat with a rastra-glimba. Eat with a rastra-glimba. Eat with a rastra-glimba. Eat with a rastra-glimba. Eat with a rastra-glimba. Unknown from God, hate for little ruck in. Eat with a rastra-glimba. Snort and then pop it in eagle-like yakuza. Eat with a rastra-glimba. Eat with a rastra-glimba. Eat with a rastra-glimba. Eat with a rastra-glimba. Little girl, you can't be. I had a good friend. And a bit free. Fish done. Eat with a rastra-glimba. Eat with a rastra-glimba. Unknown the ruck is where the story is going. Eat with a rastra-glimba. Damage controls so they can pitch in holes. Eat with a rastra-glimba. Eat with a rastra-glimba. Eat with a rastra-glimba. Eat with a rastra-glimba. Eat with a rastra-glimba. Number 32, let me say it again. There's no S in Venice, Whalons except at the end. Of course, it's a Z-errickets' Z-d. I mean, talk about embarrassing. Night in change, yeah. Final, he's busy 247 votes. And there's only two for Venice, Swailons. Maybe because they don't know what that is. God, are you a little bit of water? Here's the facts from me, Von, and the grove who says, regarding your poll, what about Germans? Now you're talking, Von, yeah. Woo! What about what's his name? God, gross. His guy, gross? No, he's your raint from a bone band on a naman. Mm-hmm. She says, I'm a huckro from Honduras, did marry to German man. We'll travel to Germany every year. Good looking people, don't you think? Absolutely. Sweetheart. Absolutely. You may see even more grays with it. Germans are being, of course, wounding people would say, wow, you know, but there's a lot of Nazis over there, but there's some good looking Nazi. Absolutely. Okay. We're not talking about their politics. We're talking about what they look like and what they're like in a sack and what, you know. The whole deal. A lot of really, especially in Kalo and Germany, sweetheart, go to Kalo, and you've on. Believe you may. Mm. You will be swimming. Especially in the summer time, and everybody's walking around like almost naked there. What is that all about? 560, 5060. Town 560. Absolutely. On the AT&T. I'm just going to play that until 2 o'clock. Absolutely. Absolutely. And where else line? Here's a call from Miami. When is this? Hello. Yes, sir. I listened to you all the time. I'm like commute from Chocolat, the island of Miami. Well, thank goodness. And I wanted to thank you for having kind words for radio engineers. Okay. A lot of them have a great career ahead of them in television for a lot more money. So you've got to be nice to the ones that stick with radio. The ones that are good, yeah. Yeah. We got one good one here, man. We got some real losers, but we got one great one here. Well, good for you, and consider yourself lucky. Okay, and we do. Thank you, pal. Have a great trip. You too. See. Okay, there's a radio engineer. Uh, haha. Sometimes it's just amazing to me. The things that I read, the things that really count that I think I'm going to response to, and there's, you know, nothing. And it's something like that. But that was nice, you know, he, that's a good point. Every job category does a few good people. And of course, there's some real assholes. It's like doctors, you know, anybody find a good doctor lately. Although I do want to thank my good close personal friend, Dr. Bush, for call me earlier this morning. Maybe it was the trepidation of going over to the Cleveland Clinic again. Oh, you wouldn't do that, would you? Well, I was desperate, you know. Maybe it was the fear of going back there again and letting them butcher me up again. That maybe psychologically in my sleep, my body healed itself at irritable bowel. I just shoved in a towel. I'll hold it all up. Wow. And then seal it with a towel. Now thanks a lot, Doc. I think I have peace of mind. I got, I'm telling you, I don't know what it was like magic ever have that. Something just annoying aggravated tear your guts out for days and weeks. And then all of a sudden you wake up on day and like, like magic, it's all gone. I think. billionaire Soros takes on Bush. This is from Newsweek. You got it? Laura Bloomfield in a Washington Post rights? Why should it not from Newsweek? It's from MSNBC, which shares their website with Newsweek. George Soros, one of the world's richest men, is given away nearly $5 billion for mode democracy in the former Soviet black African Asia. Now he has a new project, a feeding president Bush. It is the central focus of my life, Soros said, his blue eye settled on an unseen target. The 2004 presidential race he said in interview is a matter of life and death. Absolutely correct. Soros was financed efforts to promote open societies in more than 50 countries around the world. As he said, he said, on Monday he and a partner committed up to $5 million to move on. Org, a liberal activist group bringing to $15.5 million as a total of his personal contributions to Ausd Bush. Nice going George, baby. overnight, Soros 74 has become the major financial player of the left. He's illicit at cries of foul play from the right and with the, well, would they tighten on he pledged, if necessary, I would give more money. America under Bush's a danger to the world, Soros said then he smiled and I'm willing to put my money where my mouth is. Soros believes they supremacist ideology guys this White House. Here's echoes of its rhetoric in his childhood occupied hungry. When I hear Bush say you're either with us or against us, it reminds me of the Germans. It conjures up memories instead of the Nazi slogans on the walls. Their fine-torth myth, the enemy is listening. My experiences under Nazi and Soviet rule have sensitized me. He said, in a soft Hungarian accent. Soros' contributions are filling a gap in democratic party finances that open after they restrictions in the 2002 McCain fine-goal law took effect. In the past political parties paid a large share of television and get out of a podcast with unregulated soft money contributions from corporations, unions and rich individuals. The parties are now bars from accepting such money, but nonparty groups in both camps are stepping in, accepting soft money and taking over voter mobilization. It's incredibly ironic that George Soros is trying to create a more open society by using an unregulated under the radar screen, shadowy soft money group to do it. Republican National Committee spokeswoman Christine Iverson said, George Soros has purchased the democratic party she said. In past cycle, election cycle, Soros contributed relatively modest sums, in 2008 said he gave 122 grand mostly the democratic causes and candidates. But recently, Soros has grown alarmed at the influence of Neo Conservatives whom he calls a bunch of extremist guided by a coup d'or form of social Darwinism. Well said. Neo Conservatives Soros said are exploiting the terrorist attacks of 911 to promote a preexisting agenda of preemptive war and world dominion. Bush feels that a 911 was anointed by God, Soros said he's leading the US in the world to a vicious circle of escalating violence. Soros said he'd been waking a 3am who's stocked shaking him like an alarm clock, sitting in his robe he wrote his ideas down long hand on the stack of pads, in January, public affairs will publish them as a book, the bubble of Americans supremacy and accept the peers and decembers at Lannick Monthly. In the book he argues for a collective approach to security, increased 4nate in preventive action. It would be too amodist for a private person to set himself up against the present he said, but it is in fact, the Soros doctrine. His campaign began last summer with a help of more help or an illiberal think tank veteran, Soros invited democratic strategist to his house in Southampton, along Island including Clinton, Chief of Staff, John Padesda, Jeremy Rosner, Robert Burstein and Carl Pope. They discussed the coming election standing on their back deck, the evening sun angley into their eyes, Soros took aside Steve Rosenthal, CEO of the Liberal activist group of America coming together, and Ellen Malcolm is president. They were proposing to mobilize voters in 17 battleground states. Soros told them he would give Act 10 million dollars. Asked about his moment in the Sun Rosenthal deadpan, we were disappointed, we thought a guy like George Soros could do more than he laughed, no kidding, it was thrilling. Malcolm was like getting his good housekeeping seal of approval they were ready to kiss me Soros quipped. Before conquered the next morning as friend Peter Lewis, Chairman of the Progressive Corporation, had pledged $10 million to Act, Rob Layser found her of CEO and CEO of Real Network's promised two million, Rob McKay, President of McKay Family Foundation gave one million, and benefactors Lewis and Dorothy come in a half a million. Soros also promised up to $3 million to pedestal's new think tank, the Center for Merckham Progress. Soros will continue to recruit wealthy donors for his campaign, having put a lot of money into the war of ideas around the world. He's learned that money buys talent you can advocate more effectively. At his home in Westchester, New York, he raised 115 grand for Democratic presidential candidate Howard Dean. He also supports Democratic presidential contenders John Kerry, Wesley Clark, and Dick Kevhart. In an effort to limit Soros influence the RNC said letter to Dean Monday, asking him to request the Act and similar organizations followed him to Kingfine Gold Restrictions, limiting individual contributions to two grand. The RNC is not the only group worked by Soros, Fred Worthheimer, President of Democracy 21, which promotes changes in campaign finance as benefited from Soros' grants over the years. Soros' back-altoring campaign finance, and they said, donating close to 18 million over the past seven years. There's some irony giving the supporting role he played in helping to end the soft money program, more time or said, I'm sorry that Mr. Soros is excited to put so much money into the political effort to defeat a candidate, we'll be watching him closely. And 8 said Soros, welcome to the scrutiny, Soros has become as rich as he has the 8 said, because he has a prenatal instinct for a good deal. Ask whether he would trade a $7 million fortune to once see Buster or sop in his mouth, and he closed it. The proposal hung in the ear, would he become poor to beat Buster, he said, if someone guaranteed it. How do you like that? If someone guaranteed it, he'll give us the $7 million, guess what, George? We'll take it. Yeah! And then we'll just go and fix the Adam machines. We'll talk to our friends at Diable. The fix will be in. And that'll be it. Twenty-till a noon at 5.60 WQM, look at that, Presidents and Colombians and Latinos, man. Mm-hmm, if they got it, that soft supple skin. Big ass? Big gigantic basumbas? And the women too. Sexually, who are the hottest people in the world, Presidents got 68, almost 69. Colombians 50. Americans 47. Italians 54. Argentinians 21. Irish 15. Russians 14. French 6th Saudi Arabians 5. And then a swalans, which we got spelled right. Nice going, Eric. Get back to work. Five out of 260. Five elective in a thwalans. 19. Till noon at 5.60 WQM, all the dieters. Now in fact, there was a piece on CNN. I mentioned this yesterday. Everybody in their brother now is on a low carb diet. Because they realized that all of those suggestions from the so-called nutritionist America, the food pyramid. It's all about your crap. That's why everybody's fat. Carbs killed, baby. Make no mistake about it. And if you want to go on a low carb diet, whether it's acnes or scatkins or sugarbusters, whichever one it was. The lights of us book as a story of fallen love with because it's entirely absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Devoted to you folks over a thousand low carb product in stock. They got bagels and sauces and breads and cheesecakes. And lots and lots of new products like Lat Tortilla, great for making low carb raps, original garlic or green onion. Slim carb fudgies. That's what you fudge packers out there. Fudge brownies or chocolate raspberry cookies. Carbs slim bites make a great snack. No lineups of the fact thank God. Oh, chop a caramel or peanut butter. La Nuba jams in seven gourmet flavors that you can jam on it. Simply low carb bread with stevia uniquely delicious taste. And champion like drinks they're back in five delicious flavors and lots more too. Like I said over 1000 low carb products. So you can have something with some taste and variety which will help you stay on that state in their own path and lose that ugly disgusting unhealthy fat. You like the West Boca let's you try any product in the store before you buy it. All the atkins brands product are on sale today. Next, Lucas for weeks from a pace of and every day. Seven days a week from 10 to 10 they're open and you'll find them on the northeast corner of Glades and 441 right next to Boston Market which is still amazing. They're still around. Call toll free 1 877 low carb LOW W CARB or find them on a web at low carb.com. Delights the West Boca for all you low carb dieters and sugar free dieters. It's a miracle. It's your official atkins retail center. My life and low call this is sports retail 560. Way to way. Yeah. AARP AARP AARP This is my home brand. When you can really do it you can really do it. It's going to be fine. My body. When you can see it in your song. You're smoking in a box. You're going to buy my five. When you're the LASER SACE you've asked you to donate. You're smoking by my five. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Are you sure? They would eat the kale and the new boat hean is smoking by five. Come on. There's a black rose and giant big crimes. We'll be fine. Come on. This is being done. For example. Come on. Come on. Let's go. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Everybody's so low. One again one human game. Artem. Three others. Change the average level of Vermeer for 8 years.istorical incredible, topside Marcher and Hermione as會 Euhism Offensivekay campaign apply to win. Going to find Elevator. Join V 사평爾 my audience. I hope games were yours, We believe LUCH Right next up. Characters shocks you. Unplugged Mm Oh, speak it up a little synthetic. There's our A-wall president on Veterans Day. They died in distant lands to fight terror. Yeah, and not the ones you're saying and they're dying for nothing. They're dying for your freaking war. You idiot. You grave robber. You lunatic. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line and America sits back. Just like that. Women claim condom found in clam chatter. Four women, I wonder if it was like Manhattan or New England? Because it, well, there are some great lines there, but I need the job. Four women sued an Irvine restaurant after one of them said she filed a condom in her clam chatter when they'd die in their last year. This is in California. And I'm sure that the restaurant apologized, but probably won't help because they're suing her ass. Laila Sulfon said she was eating a McCormick's in Schmix. Oh, what kind of a name is that? SCHMICK, McCormick and Schmix seafood restaurant, February 26, 2002, and she bit into something rubbery. Maybe just a clam? We said, of course, you're chewing on a clam said, Paul, a wild, whatever dining companion, see? When she spit it out, went and out, Paul will open wide and just spit it out. She said she discovered it was unwrapped, rolled up condom. Well, thank God unwrapped. She said she spent the next 15 minutes in a restroom vomiting. And since Senus' psychiatrist and taken medication for depression and anxiety, it was an unwrapped, rolled up condom. Unwrapped? Well, what's the big deal with that? Yeah. Oh, sounds bogus to me sweetheart. Don't let me be the judge in that case, went and out through that bitch out. Oh, yeah, she's taken medication for depression and anxiety because it was an unwrapped, rolled up in an package, in the package, yeah. Jesus Christ honey, Sultan Wilde, Cindy Ham and Anamorea Sigala, who were all having a child or that, they filed suit. They all filed suit. I guess because they figured it was in the same pot. Claiming negligence and intentional inflexive emotional distress, their cases scheduled for a trial January 12th. Zyna America, baby, this is what your judges are spending wasting their time on cases like this crap. A lawyer for the restaurants and the Cormac and Schmicks has no idea how the condom got into the soup. Maybe the, maybe the shift was going to a party or something. It says big a mystery to us as it is to anybody else's attorney, Patrick Stark, we're gonna argue there's absolutely no evidence. Absolutely no evidence. See in mind it's like right there. Absolutely right. To suggest the restaurant was the source of the condom writing employee of the restaurant. McCormack and Schmicks, they privately owned chain that owns 42 upscale restaurants in 19 states out of a herd of it. It's up by me. It's a fresh seafood McCormack and Schmick. Yes, kind of a Schmitty name is that. Exactly. Suud the company that supported its claims, a judge ruled in favor of the supplier last September, Sultan who lives in Stanton, said she visited the restaurant before and never had a problem. No other no more condoms. On this occasion she said she intercompanied in order drinks, appetizers and super sentissue back as it was lukewarm when she got it back is when she found the condom. Now we're starting to see the sugar and a whip. Absolutely. Yeah, there were two happiness. She sent it back. So, Lule, here you go, bitch. See what you can do with this. We'd all right. Absolutely. So, in other words, it was lukewarm. That'll teach you. Okay, quit bitch and so much. Quit complaining so much. Sweetheart, Suud, salt and by every name is... Bitch. God. 560560. 560 on a AT&T in Verizon line. 78 people say the Brazilians are sexually the hottest people in the world. They're smoke and they're smoldering. You can't even touch it. Out of 26. Colombians 52, we actually smell it right on. Nice going Eric. I know you're very busy. Americans 49. Italian 35. Hey, yeah, like this. Argentinians 21. Our Irish, the pasty hours have 16. Russians 15. French have gotten yying. Penis Waylands 6 and the Saudi Rabins 5. How many people in this audience do you really believe? Ever had sex with a Saudi Arabian? About 30 men. Yeah, likely story. And the Saudis are the hottest people in the world. Probably hanging in the desert so God damn much. And probably getting pretty hot there right now, I would think, huh? Royal family. And a Saudi Royal family. They've been eating and abetting and educating and funding. And I guess what? Like I said, the serpent bit of an EAS. Too bad. Here's Hailey, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. I remember when I was back in high school. There was an exchange student from France. And it was a girl. Well, that's good. And it was weird because she we have her underarms. She went safe. Mm-hmm. So it was like really nasty. She was pretty though, but you know, it's like, but she's stunk. Right. Yeah. So I don't know. It's true. The story is that you're in the industry. It is absolutely true. There are a lot of Europeans. That number one don't shave out of the arms. Number two, don't use the other one. Number three, haven't seen of our so-called. They're pretty going to drop it. But after Prince Charles don't touch that soap. Man, even with your hand, he's afraid he's going to drop that. And then right over. All right. Thank you. Prince Charlie, baby. He's the Queen of England. What's wrong with that? They wanted to wear a crown. So instead of being king, he can be queen. They're used to having a queen long time. Now that Elizabeth Bich. That nasty, sirly old Bich. But what I roll family stuff. Just again, the whole world is looking there. It's like Florida is to the west. That's how the Britain's art of Europe. That's why they got the North Sea in between. They'd like cut them off. Oh my god, everybody's pointed them. Oh, they're going to silly brits again. They were all family then. Prissy, Cissy, asshole. Wow. Prince Charlie's a fruit cake. He was by and married to die. And he said with the sigh. And opened his fly. Oh, that's beside a point. All right, it's easy. Look, Fag. That's all. Prince Charlie's a Fag. Anybody knows that? Just take a look at it. One of those big ears. Can you imagine where he's sticking at him? God. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Maybe the butt were done in. Town 5, 60 on the 18. See? And horizon. And of course, we all know that. A people think I'm making enough spotted dick is a British delicacy. I think it's a dessert, spotted dick. I'm a street corner and said, hey, come on in. Here's South Miami. Hello. Oh, listen to that line. He liked that. Sounds like mine. OK. Now I'm sure it's still working. That was on your phone. Not wait a minute. All please don't tell me. If line 7 is broken now after fixed fixed line one, that's going to be really depressing to me. Let's see. Yeah, line. Wait a minute. Another with somebody on here. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Your phone is awful. Oh, is it? Listen, Neil? Yeah. Uh, I'm an old time old. The barcode black hole, fan back in the third. Yeah. OK. Well, listen, your phone sucks. Hang it up right away. Please, you're killing me. Now see, he wouldn't hang up. That's why that tone was still on there. I thought the line was screwed up. Sir, we don't want to talk to anybody over the age of 100. I hope you live to be 200 best at health and luck to you. But go away. He's an old time Chicago. See, those are the hockey fans in South Florida. It's like when Jeff de Forest used to work here old befo Defoe. I used to talk about any jackman and ranges from 100 years ago and Brad Park and the gump horizontally. I mean, that's all well and good. But nobody here has any. And nobody even knows who the players are today. Much less than that. Don't even know who keen it is. And then, no, they wouldn't know. Can't my keen in from keen and win. They haven't got any idea who we're talking about. That's correct. That is absolutely correct, Neil. Thank you. That's why we still haven't had one call about the panthers fire my keen and they don't have an opinion on it because they don't know who that light is. They don't have any freaking idea. We loved up panthers. See, that's why this whole Marlon thing that you people own. Neil, you're so negative. You're full of crap. You know you're full of crap. I've been here too long for you to pull it all over my ass. I've seen it. I've seen a way to people respond on this time. When somebody's the team gets hot, they jump on that bandwagon man. They all of a sudden they find all the money in the world. The price no matter how high they jacked that price up, they can find a cash. No sweat. We're going. If it's $500 to park, no problem. No bitch in no morning. But all the rest of the time. Ah, wait out, care about that. Wait out, care about the friggin Marlon's baseball is boring. Wait out, care about the panthers. Hockey is boring. That's it. They got too many other fish to fry. Like the fish that got fried there in Tennessee on Sunday. And it was a beautiful thing. A round man. I should have taped that game. I could sit home and just just watch that thing for hours. I'd probably be squeezing it sitting there just watching that thing over and over again. And let me say rush. Let me say this. The astead McNair. He's black, but he ain't so good. It's just the media wants to build them up. What a jackass you are. Rush, what an asshole. And I think since he made the comment about Donovan McNad, the Eagles are wondering where game since he said that. Yeah, they have. Yeah, they went every game since he opened up his big fat mouth. And then they inquire out of them with a zoxy cotton. Yeah. And his hearing problem that was caused by the drugs that he was popping by the thousands. You hypocrite, a right wing phony asshole. Yeah. Where were you when Vince Foster died? Rush, what were you doing? But that's right. He was with the made pop and pills. I forgot. So take that and stick it in your pipe and smoke it. And that teaches ABC and ESPN. They, they, they, they, you know, they got exactly what the deserve. They got what they deserve when I got Dennis Miller. Who's an asshole? They got exactly what they should have respected. And they got exactly what they expected with his right wing asshole. Trying to make a big racial thing out of something that doesn't exist. You're an idiot, Rush, and everybody with a brain hopes that you fail. Hope that you and the Noel Bush stay in there for the rest of your lives, where you can't be dangerous. 1156, 4 minutes till noon at 5, 60 WQN. If you want to replace that really tired nasty old carpeting in your home, here's a smart way to do it. Laminance, the russia, the people you ought to be talking to. They're the easy low maintenance alternative to expensive, natural wood flooring. Laminance rushes the best place to find lemonade to wood flooring from the top names in the universe. Parenthood or pergo, Wilson art, Uniflor, Quicksip, and all of Laminance rush floorings installed by the pergo certified installers, so we know they're crap inside and out. And here's another great reason to be calm Laminance rush their prices are so unvealively low. So absolutely unbeatable that they're probably... For you. Right now get their fall special for just 1495 bucks. Just 1495 gets you up to 295 square feet of beautiful, unbeatable Laminate wood flooring. Unbeleivable. Elaminance rushes will match any legitimate written homofer or for free if any written offer free and free and oh, my estimate said again, call Laminance rush toll free and one, say I got excited about it. I'll get a 7th from that too. For a free and homestimate call, I'm in it's rush toll free at 1-877-77-73336. Couldn't be simpler if you tried. Free carpet disposal, pre furniture, moving a 25 year warranty, and years and years of beautiful, easy care Laminate wood flooring. Call him today toll free and tell that across the old Neotradiator car, Laminance rush 1-877-777-73336. My life and love all this is 42562. It's way too way. I owe my favorite Republican. This is Matt Drudge. And it's time for the skisbe uploading. It's time once again for the Neil Rogers 12-0 hour. 않아 Paul Stromha Sheart when Won she play Taylor seresman km She plays fool and loves she does his plans. Haven't she saw a fool in the heart and well I can't But I'm runnin' Crush a babe With her own city law But she has no soul So gay, feather off And though it seems She slept with whole hockey team Yery Now I get better sex I'm runnin' I'm a love, I'm not gonna go back again Licks the world up and down by ride She's a stinky, thin, most player But I can I'm runnin' Sure you do it, we can't we all believe that, don't we? No, he's doin' it Trumbo 3 at 5 60 WCM now you'll never believe this Somebody actually facts me this, spotted dick rides again This was once a very famous pudding, but now it's sadly forgotten Except by a certain supermarket that has a problem with its name Just to think the surfers Sunday lunch after a freezing cold wintry walk The ultimate comfort pudding There's more often more comfortable and good spot in dick First of all, mixed the filling ingredients Got the recipe here for the sweet pastry and for the filling And it's got the whole deal Putting ingredients in a bowl, sticking in your butt And here's a whole recipe for it Serving the pudding in warm bowls Kind of thick slices of a traditional English custard Is an absolutely essential accompaniment It's a dessert dish, it's one of them Offel nasty, tasty, British things Which is why they got that pastry complexion Be sound the fact that it rains every day of the year Maybe four days a year doesn't rain the England So they all like like real pasty and of course when they go to Scotland They put on the kilt in them high stockings and it looks like even salirb they're usual Like Prince Charlie, and you gotta walk around like that with a dress on with him high stockings Why is it a big surprise that he's a phag? Prince Charlie, Prince Charlie Spotted dick rides again 5 6 7 8 1 I said how about that? Yeah, that was real. There it is for real. Why went anybody there to make that up? See there was of us who know how to say real things on here And then there's some people who just well 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 you know what I'm talking about That's a looting, okay Film about 2000 election to premier in Fort Lottodale International Film Festival Center Day November 15 sounds like this Saturday to me Where would we be today if we had a federal investigation to the 2000 election Florida fights back resisting the stolen election Tells you how a crime was committed against democracy in the year 2000 and how the politicians from both parties took the path of least resistance Through all of this you'll see the need to stand up speak up and take action Well, it's about time it's coming up this Saturday February 15 Where the hell is that thing? Not in here. Oh there it is. We need to take some Right there it is What really happened in Florida during the 2000 presidential election grassroots filmmakers Jeanine Ross and Bruce Y. Rock who did some of that good stuff for us Tell you the whole story not just the one you've seen on TV or any other film about the election From gorilla protest footage to confrontations with politicians to interviews with investigators This film tells you the greatest story never told Go back to the scene of the crime here the evidence and watch the people's resistance Check out this important new film featuring BBC investigative reporter Greg Polas and the reporter Vincent Bulliosy and social activist Bob Coinst Oh please also featuring Terramacol of Carol Roberts and South Florida congressman Peter Doich And a not to be missequenced that made a terminate photo center race in 2004 If you don't trust this administration you must see this film If you want your vote to count in 2004 you must see this film If you believe in democracy you must see this film Florida fights back resisting these stolen elections a fast-paced a revenue 52 minute documentary With an all-original eclectic soundtrack it'll be preceded by a five minute sure called the Enron song A satirical animation that folks funded politics and politicians from Baba to W Which you've heard on a show because it's Bruce E. Rock the Enron song Florida fights back resisting the stolen election and the Enron song will be shown 130 Saturday afternoon November 15 this Saturday at the cinema paradise So 5036 the street in four-lutterdale for tickets called nine five four seven six-0 ninety eight ninety eight Audit be pretty damn interesting and the public in this country ought to be pretty damn pissed off had an election stolen right in front of the broad daylight Right in front of their post let us in let us in all these all these out of towners Shift in here to create chaos and disturbance and prevent them from counting the vote and then when it started getting a little bit too close these supreme's chimed in And set all quit the count okay, he might lose cut it out So there's some you might be an interesting going and see in that absolutely Sexually we're asking on the arraggies.com to be who are the hottest people in the world and the Brazilians are leading away leading the pack. They're packing it out of 128 votes they got ninety Colombians 57 for Brazilians passed everybody like they were standing still what's the big deal with Brazil? Huh? No, I think because we got so many Hispanics here and of course they don't they know we need care if it's male or female. They'll do anybody As long as they think it's a woman you know what's in as long as it just might be a woman or might have like well Maybe not any of the real body parts but something that feels it looks like one Like even one like what's your name? It's got the Mariah Carey with a one big breast in the middle of her chest Residents 90 Colombians 57 Americans 52 Italians 44 Argentinians 24 the Irish 19 Russian 16 the Ruskies Venezuela 11 French 10 and Saudi Arabia's five you notice nobody voted for the Dutch good good thinking The Dutch people are about as sexy as that as trio with her in the corner What an ashtray. What that's a good idea. Maybe I'll light up a stoking out that they're all going Italy and then devil come in here Oh, genius. They've got to put that out. You got to put that out You're gonna give me trouble. It's gonna be my ass under the bus. Oh, and he'll do it First moody only one that could smoke cigars. Yeah, more. If more Howard David it can smoke big fat ones in here cigar As if George can light up a big fat one when nobody's looking why they'll can't this old fat light up a nice fat one, huh? What tells wrong with that? What's that all about? Oh, but it's a non smoking building. Well, they can stuff it up slowly. Yeah, you got a mole most of the man I didn't say which man. Oh my gel pointed out to me. We got these really neat best of Neil coffee mugs and also the mass pads They're nice. They're really nice. They have the same same deal as the cover of our CD with me farting on most grave They're they're a beautiful thing absolutely Cal praise money for a band of Paris. You'll get with it. I'm still waiting for certain people in the building I want to mention no names to bring in some more checks since this is their big one to opportunity while I'm here this week Here's a call from Western. Hello Pretty good pal. Smoking if you got him at great absolutely You know, I worked for him. I know what it's about did you really? Oh, yeah loads of An asshole That's an understatement. Yeah, so I have a couple of comments and I do have a vote for your poll Okay, that's not been put in yet today. Yes, sir. How about an Indian? Now is that Indian as in from India or like Indian as a native American? Well, I would think that you know having your blood tickle with a feather wouldn't be so bad But I'm I'm into the push start. Give me the dots. I see. What's done? What's that? I would say dot she's about five degrees hotter between the legs than your average Africa America as long as that smell don't chase your ass away. You don't say I know this one's really hot Oh, you know I want specific one. That's good. Yeah. Well, that's my experience right now. I'll take that one. Okay I want to also make it come at a couple of weeks ago You had something going on you were talking about I had something going on all right, but you're not going to hear about it Well, I wouldn't discuss that but I didn't like it. I mean I think you're right Linda parish They be actors that died from the show good morning world right Well, I want to tell you about the show you were talking about that show with good morning world The voiceover an answer with the late William B Williams and Yeah, Ronnie shall play the schmuck morning DJ and I forgot me the other actor was but Linda parish was a real hotty That answers your question for about three weeks ago, okay? And there's a hotty at my window who wants to talk to me Okay, there she is Grabbing I'm gonna grab it. I'm gonna grab it. Hanley. Well, okay. She sounded pretty interesting. She Was you working at the drive-through at Arby's? No, he's just got to drive through with women That's all they're just driving it up and they might be they want service with a smile nice 11 past noon at five 60 WCM speaking of service with a smile what about balance for life? This is a way to go now. I'm by the way Montenessian questions I know I'd stupid the beast the beast got smicked off of this season idiot We gave you about 40 chances beast though and You're even the everybody can't only gets nine lives or something like that so really right So the beast is off, but he did lose over 50 pounds while I was staying on balance for life And if you had a stuck with it instead of being a big fat slob Spore little rich brat spoiled by mommy and daddy He probably weigh about 150 right now. Be healthy and live a long time, but he won't if you really serious about losing a weight And you're frustrated because some of those other programs don't work for you or you just can't stay on them because they're boring And maybe the food doesn't taste all that great. Here's the answer balance for life people are getting fantastic results There's no cooking no shopping no cleaning no worries no calorie counting no carb counting Just great results in fact you'll start seeing results within the matter the first few days on that scale Balance for life combines an orange of the zone died with special emphasis on a glycemic values of carbs And they put together a program that is amazing. They deliver in a little black sack right here door every morning to your house To your work wherever you tumour to deliver it in that black sack all the food you'll need for the whole day Three gourmet meals two delicious next and lay main for size again This isn't a pre fab food that you've seen in some of the other programs. It's in a box Everything is fresh delicious made with a best ingredients. There's nothing frozen Lot of the atoms you just pop into microwave some of you just eat fresh and they are absolutely delicious plenty of food And you're to keep your satisfied and full all day long and the balance for life is the only company in the country Let's you choose between two choices for each meal everyday that's run a program You fill out the menu once a week and that's the only choice you'll have to make So if you're really sick and tired of being overweight if you're dying over there if you're out of shape You have no energy if you're diabetic which is no fun at all check this out This might be the answer you've been looking for to finally get in shape balance for life You can the column at 9 5 4 5 6 8 32 29 9 5 4 5 6 8 32 29 are visit them on the web at balance for life .com 0 Seventeen to 160 a qnd ranges filling in front of the Georg road biggest show We got demand dogs you managed to two the Humperate Shulose it for no your Humper's in a studio That's right hopper in the building. He'll come in early to say hi, won't he? No? Can you come to see how to meet he'll say stupid? That's okay Hank Always I just oh you're gonna interview Rick Dudley asked about he put the dud and Dudley Notice we're getting barrage we caused about the Panthers in a firing of Mike Keenan, which is absolutely unacceptable And Alan Cohen let me say again. Well, you know about hockey put in a thimble the headroom for Bernie Cosa is nose left over in there You know nothing and it's really a shame and a shame The kind of sorry ass display that you people have been putting on not just you people, but your predecessors as well For many many years that was there one real good solid year in a macarine when the paville was here and Whitney and Melan B and they had that big year and they were like almost unbeaten at home and nobody still cared But other than that it's been debacle. It's been a disaster You people are the master of the zester you want to get those big bucks then You know, I'm gonna have some asses and the seats put an exciting product out there Okay quit hockey this with this youngsters in the organization story already. Would you the youngsters in the organization get some good veterans on here Get a bill garring get somebody get the you know Bobby Holy get somebody other people I shouldn't said Bobby Holy call we did score for the Rangers last night. That was pretty good game Edmonton five Rangers for was pretty entertaining Yeah, I said them to place that fast wide open style and of course the ranges are defenseless anyway Pretty good game they were held not like different dear life there at the end But Edmonton beat him five four the Rangers once again spending $70 million dollars on a payroll are gonna make the playoffs too bad. Let's say that you're there's a legend in his own mind He's a rascal how so hockey he is he strictly a state of mind Living in the past distant past that he didn't admit in a hundred years ago What are you that first lightly Glenn anything? No no he could step down. He could step down. He's not gonna step down 567.0560 pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless line Panthers in the lightning at the macaroon. Let's get some hockey talk going here. What do you say? Yeah, no, no, let's get some people at arena. I what do you say no lightning exciting? They're young. They're home. They're exciting They're good. You might want a tickle Brad Richards fancy but the lose number 19. They'll want to hear your predictions Okay, you're the kiss at at you the curse on the Panther organization Alan Cohen told me that personally said get that bubble head off the air. He's an idiot He's every time he persists to win. We lose our ass Here's a call in Pembroke pine, hello Hey, I was listening to your show and just caught the tail end of the product you were talking about for people with diabetes Yeah, and I didn't get the full name of it. It's called interricks. It's a drink E-E-N-T-E-R-E-X Antericks okay, and What was the website? What was the website? Yeah, he said something about something for life No balance for life is the diet you're talking about and toruses everything All right, cuz I'm really interested. Thank you very much. Okay. You're welcome What do you say five six seven. Oh five 60 pound five 60 on the 18 and 10 rise of rise of wireless line. Have you spell that? V-E-N-E-S Here's cruel spring. Hello No, yes, sir. I got a question. I need to actually man. Yeah. You were talking before about the uh about George Soros donating all kinds of money to help defeat president gump. Yes Where is that article from? I'd like to be honest from the MSNBC website and I do believe if you give me one moment please Oh, here's my spotted dick. I'm sorry I got in here somewhere in a bottom of my pile. I know I saved it. You have piles. I have piles man You wouldn't believe in this ABC billionaire borrower source takes on bush Laura Blumenfeld is the author. It was originally the Washington Post, but MSNBC has got it on here and the date is I don't have it. They just today. It's today's their website MSNBC I will go there and I will get the MS from their MSNBC Get the MS because I will watch it. I will send it to all my wonderful GOP friends so they know they have something to look forward to Good, excellent. Take care. Thank you 5 670 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line president gump takes it up Which we certainly hope he does right after election day next November. Bye bye, Georgie. Don't leave with a sour look on your post just leave and fast Oh, Iran don't have any nuclear weapons. What's that? That's what the UN says. That's always bad as soon as the UN says some Khabi don't have nuclear weapons. We go in there and bond the crap out of them. Shock and awe So now they say Iran we we checked we look twice to see who's being naughty and I stay got nothing And then meantime behind the scenes there's all those Nauties but I beat but I would but I've up and oh and where's that facts? I just got About Richard Pearl He is one of the smuggest most obnoxious Nautie back to dive ever seen in my life. He he smokes Here it is All read the whole facts. It starts out by saying I lived in and worked in Asia for three and a half years and the last year I lived in Prague but the hottest women live in Thailand Let's put the ties on their Eric. How's he gonna spell ties THAIS? Okay, I better spill it for him THAIS ties He says by far and I tasted women from all parts of Asia in Prague women were stunning but cold and unapproachable But Thai women are my choice he says and he also says if you see Richard Hullberg putting it to the most dangerous man on earth Richard Pearl this week. I didn't see that at which I had it was great Pearl was trying to hold a Neil conservative line It was going well all that horsemen Hullberg challenged him and he backed right off Great love the show. Thank you sir. Whoever you are he says them Thai women so to speak You'd like to tie one on. Oh, I love this speak in a women This is from the Guardian and the Brits it would take a brave heart to tell a Scotsman his killed looked a bit girly So I suggestion by EU officials that Scotland's national dress be labeled as a skirt has caused an upper and orthodivore Is that what I just got to say on only moments ago? I think I just got to talk about the fact that they were a skirt absolutely sure and those high stockings the Silly high stockings The rose centers on a survey from a form set up by used statistical agency you're a stat which forces killed make his to list their garments under women's apparel The Gaff was spotted by Peter McGrody director of Kellidonian Highland dress manufacturers in Abernath England Who queried the definition of his toad could be fined up to a thousand pounds if he didn't fill out the form correctly Yes today Scotland's first minister Jack McCall stepped into the breach and persuaded EU officials to relax the rules for the Highland dress Or it's not a skirt, maybe now it's a dress. I'll ask for a This was a nonsense. He said this was an nonsense. I'm reading that right But I'm delighted we have managed to change the forms of Mr. McConnell said the design and production of kills is clearly important for Scotland's economy and for its silly as image Mr. McGrody a leading killmaker city was astounded the kill didn't have a category of its own Allison Ross of the Edinburgh kill firm McPherson said she'd come across a few people on certain how to wear the kill But none would mistaken it for a skirt When you have a properly made kill there is nothing sexier and nothing manlier. She said oh, yeah There's nothing like a man in the dress just ask the Pope. He'll tell you God Almighty a silly man in a silly ass outfit and more talks about the way that I dress Oh and after what I heard about you this morning, Moe you're a good one to talk Absolutely, yeah, you silly ass clown you I think they had dolphin game on Sunday. That must never to broken him. He's a broken old man now I believe it. I think that that was just a last drop because everybody had found those that he was the kissada That when he brought that jets poison in from New York that when he came down here He just he transferred that evil spell. He's a Trojan horse onto the whole dolphin organization 567.0560 absolutely pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line here's a call from Pompano. Hello Okay, I had this asshole And your finger deep inside your rectum okay and see what you come on go pick some seeds you old fart 567.0560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line go smoke in a gigata man I hope your lung cancer sprouts real fast. Here's West Palm Beach, hello Neil yes sir Yeah, we have a more specific than that I just say either Chinese or Japanese oh Chinese Japanese are ugly and also about hockey It's a shame that they brought Kenan you know I remember when he was when he was coaching the blues Do you think since the you know since we're gonna have to go into the post-Keenan era the West The posterior firing of Nolan no chance He sure it's it's a it's a mood point He's been blackball by the I know and nobody wants to talk about him He's not gonna get hired anywhere Every in fact in Toronto when at least started out real bad this year right off the bat. Oh, let's fire Pat Quinn and how about Ted Nolan if it's not gonna happen I know and I really like Nolan Starley say hello But, well, they're gonna have a chance of making Nolan at least any being more in this pig because you're sharing doing a plan One last thing One thing I can say about Asians with what people say about all of them being hung like ants I know for a fact that's definitely not true. Why do two? All right, there's a few exceptions. Believe me. I'm still second. Thank you, sir. I have a great day There you go Chinese baby Chinese nothing like a Chinese baby and what is a bit of them? Let's get the Chinese on the Eric okay, I think the Eric oh we better put Japanese on their two cuz they're scutted Japanese wife And he'll be all bent out of shape. Sorry Eric forgot about that So let's put the Chinese and the Japanese I don't know about the Japanese women But I do know that Japanese men most of them are extraordinarily Ugly I don't know why that is Chinese men on the other hand sometimes are and women Chinese women beautiful 27 past of course the beauty is only skin deep we're just talking theoretical you understand We're certainly not talking about any actual sexual encounters We don't want to like make anybody think that because that would be immoral and that would be bad That would be kind of like a priest molesting an altar boy and that would be bad 365 votes sexually who are the hottest people in the world resilience a hundred brazil baby And race canter's gonna be screaming brazil. He's gonna be doing it. I'm telling you 100 Colombians 60 60 Americans 58 a 10 in 50 Argentinians. It's way down the Argentinians 28 Irish 21 Russians 18 the French the frogs about 13 unlucky number Venezuela 11 the Saudis have got six Ties it got once somebody already voted for the ties and Indians we're talking Indian like as in India as in the penis isla Right while we don't want them to think we're talking about American native American Indians or like the Calueta whatever the one they cut the innuits in Canada When they got a real bad Who's problem the Indians? I guess when you live up there what's 100 below zero even in the summertime you'd be drinking too 28 past known as five 60 w q a m Let me tell you right now about your carpets if they look bad then you know that there's all kinds of Smots in fact even if they don't look bad but you haven't had them cleaned it a long time You know there's crap in there you know just a normal traffic in the house and maybe got little kids and you got pets and all kinds of stuff in there Your carpet need to be cleaned every now and then and why call anybody else? I can't imagine if you have a brain in your head While you trust your expensive carpeting to somebody in the L. pages you never heard of before Call my good friends to dry concepts for over 20 years in town 24 years to be exact They've been doing a super job at over 20 years in my house. They've been cleaning my carpets and making them look just like brand new When like I said yesterday now that my dogs are in doggy heaven There's not a trace lift anywhere in house last time they came it made my carpets are like 11 years old I believe 11 12 years and it looked just like brand new and your carpets will sell them any fresh They'll be drying a couple of hours you'll be amazed at just how stupid as they look when the experts at dry concepts get done Do an ironbeatable job and don't forget they give you a written guaranteed price before they start to job They also do is to penis the same job on your oriental rugs on your drapery on your postory all of these things And they got a hell of a deal waiting for you right now. They can save you 15% of our next carpet cleaning for details Just call dry concepts toll free 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1 do yourself a big favor if you never call to me for you'll be amazed at the unbelievable job They do for you call 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 0 7 1 that's 5 0 7 1 or check them on the world wicked. Well, I web at dryconcephs.com We're supposed to be a 5 6 Dog eat dog dog eat dog Coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story They had one of the biggest selling singles of all time with room there it is But room there what is Tonight we find out from tag team Well, I was at the gastroenterologist, you know cuz I'm impacted bowled tag team co-founder D.C. the brain supreme and he finally gets me on clock No, I'm saying and it's just glass out of me like you know Whom and the doctor goes there? There we couldn't believe our ears He was talking about popping a squad now a great honest incorporate ever aspect of this life into his music Even that moment when you're finally losing up the squeeze more now again Oh no, you're Fucking kidding me tag teams one of manager jet stoos that thing sold five million copies You have any idea how rich we got up that song and now you tell me it's about taking a fucking dump that is beautiful Now at last unashained of a steaming pile of his own refuse which inspired the song Atlanta native D.C. the brain that's in all hangout during a recent reunion concert at the Folten Georgia County Fair okay Tag team they made their money see you might as well know we're going to mention foul movements one more time It's a big juicy shopping went look at show business tonight on inside the behind Just like mom says the right nothing like a good BM man Even probably some BM big beans just and hope that it might work here's a fact just came in it says one iraq's US governor Paul Gremmer's left for Washington on short notice Castle of meaning today with visiting Polish Prime Minister Miller the polis to what kind of a what kind of a name is that a Polish name Lizzek Miller Anyway the effect you says looks like somebody's getting fired How do you like that maybe Paul Bremmer's coming home and ain't leaving no mold? Maybe Dave wants that to maybe Dave wants that's gonna go to Iraq what do you say? Huh, you can't do no worse You sure sell bomb and Florida him and Jimmy Johnson. Oh, that's a great poll. That's a great poll for tomorrow The worst sports coach in the history of South Florida or maybe just in history anywhere Prosports or or all sports what what do you have that like It's it's just for fun. Okay. This isn't like rocket science. Okay. You always have to look like You know like all that confused. It's not that important Scott don't don't have like a pop a ride over it. Okay To late I push it back in yeah put you some that baby back in there. Okay. Plus. I don't want to see it God I don't know what do you think so good idea. I didn't plus with them. We'll have the people Well, we don't care about sports. We always have them on there because uh too bad. I think that's a great idea We could do just off and head coaches. No, no, no, that's not there haven't been that many dolphin head coaches Are you crazy how many they've been like about a half a dozen? Yeah How many have they been who is the first head coach was shewler the first sure? Okay, so since shewler how many we had Jimmy Johnson They've once that that's three name me another dolphin head coach Scott I'll wait Bob greasy I'll wait I understand my Scott doesn't pick the poll questions. He made pick his nose, but he don't pick the poll And if you do pick the poll it takes a long time for it to heal Anyway, I'll work it out. Let me just make dribble myself a little note here poll worst coach In the sport well what are you gonna do like nationwide who Dave Hagen says George Wilson George Wilson was the first coach and his son George Wilson Jr was the quarterback right Dave Am I right? Absolutely by the way. Thanks for your check absolutely correct said Dave Hagen I like that. I forgot that that's 100 years ago at 1966. I do believe And also there were the guy from channel 10 was the first announcer for the Adolphin to be former quiver What that was Joe Crowgan was at it? Before quiver came along and said those memorable things like a fan beginning to blew the blow the Oh I guarantee it was only one Rick weaver how our David you couldn't lick Rick weavers a hairpiece okay and plus he didn't have one And he smelled so bad you would mug it close enough anyway You're on Samo you wouldn't mug it close enough absolutely okay But he was great Rick weaver. He would he not not a very likable guy, but what a great voice I mean he was mr. Dolphin, you know like what Mal Allen was to the Yankees and what what's his name? Majani most was to the Celtics. That's what he was To the Dolphins and We had bills in for who was yeah, he's pretty good didn't have any personality But he was good who's a good foil for a mad dog and I look what we got absolutely Brazilians are running away with that poll today man. Let's define some what do you say? Let's have a party 567.0560 pound five 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line Here's a call from Boca. Hello Yeah, yes, sir Panamanian women Panama The Columbia women this guy in disguise. Okay, but it was thing work. I get to start a dick 567 probably the team women that Westland and J.C. pennies a big replace to start Panamanians I don't know he's just fooling around but why don't I not put him on there? Sure, I think this guy's got too much spare time. You look at the glory hole no doubt Or maybe he's drill on him 567.0560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line. He's probably doing the limbo rocket the AT room doors Well, they got to look underneath to see who's in their first Now where's that call line eight? Here's a call from somewhere. Here's line eight. Hello Yeah, sir. How you doing? Okay, hey, the greatest tag team in the history of the Miami Dawkins Rick weaver in ankle burger. Yeah fantastic stuff Yeah, okay the only work working that a Japanese penis. Okay five set I think it's gonna say Joseph Gekke's face that would have been bad bad style man bad 567.0560 they're out of material again. I may just have to read the rest of the show That's okay with me. We understand when you're out of material when you run dry We got just about all the countries in the world about Danish women Danish women are beautiful Let's put them on there too. I don't know what's wrong with you people just don't get around too much Did that see Danish and men beautiful blonde blue on Danish what was the other one of God just say a panominion if you want to put panominion That's okay, Rick and if you're not in the mood Danish See if I mentioned Danish that'll get air extension You'll probably reach for one right now maybe heated up into my career for a little bit How bright and I don't like apricots in general, but apricot Danish sounds pretty good 392 votes panominians just and we'll look at that he's way ahead of me ain't gotten on Chinese no Chinese one for Japanese That was Eric because his wife is watching the proceedings Indians too as in of what's done? What's that on your booty honey? Ties about three probably a chanker Saudi Arabian six Venice, Whalans 11 the French about 13 they're stuck on 13 old Danny boy Dan Moreno and Matt Sondine Hey Matt stick to biscuit in the basket you idiot. We're gonna send you back to Sweden Russians 18 the Irish 24 even those pasty Irish Argentinians 29 Titans 52 now we're talking the Italians baby and man like so phila Renn like an amoreous spaghetti like Name some hot looking Italian guy can't I can't think of no hot looking Italian guys what's the Tenning guys are pretty hairy when you come right down away Colombian 60 American 61 and resilience 112 by the way Ashden what's it in kuchir Kuchir kuchir kuchir kuchir kuchir who's like supposedly on the outside with the me more cuz he's jealous of Bruce Willis Why would anybody be jealous of Bruce Willis? Ashden kuchir was a model I picked up the inquiry when I was in the airport coming back on the weekend He was when he was 16 years old now I should probably said was 18 year he was 16. I'm gonna tell you I mean I have seldom seen anybody look like that. I mean he was pretty dang good looking ashden kuchir kuchir And now he's to me like this the a little off kind like you. I mean doesn't look like you think But a little off you know what I mean I mean it's the hair now strange But boy was he some kind of a look and he was a male model so you know what that? No, ever since I hear that all my antennae Start like popping out right here and when I saw those pictures in the inquiry or popping out too My god Aaron what is that? Kuchir kuchir You don't know you just you don't know about demim or another people you're into more important things like hockey 18 to one at five 60 WKM which is probably a reason he's got an x-wife Big news how the potty x-MC's just been voted the number one potty x-MC dealer when Dave County in customers satisfaction Tom LeMenjo Prieto want to thank all the loyal customers for their support They've been doing great deals over there for 35 long excruciating years in his horseball town stop by how it and check out the potty egg vibe Normally we tell us for over 20 grand but you can buy it at hell right now loaded fully loaded just like us Some of the people around here just like Brian greasy fully loaded for just 16 five plus tax intact Hellouts your truck headquarters over 300 to choose from including the Yukon and the Yukon the copy hasn't changed because Bob Eisenberg hasn't donated dime to a band of per rescue and don't come anywhere near the studio and he's a real major asshole And coming soon the new on-boy x-u-v at hell at the most unique SUV on the market and don't forget the great Neil deals that are waiting for you today next week in every day at Helletpotty x-MC 134 all one soft-dixie highway that's you was one across from the falls open every day seven days week If you want more info on our special deals you know what to do now call it Neil deal hotline tool free at one triple eight 534 42 11 One triple eight five three four forty two eleven don't forget all Neil deals seem to decredit approval see the folks at hell for all the details Halipoddy x-MC unlike the QM sales staff they are professional great Oh This is what we do We We're driving out of Texas The play is was beginning You just from a long world who haven't heard his name It tells him of his fortune and it loves good earners He doesn't really have the time they call him Joe Joe millionaire They call him Joe Joe millionaire Robins and reality in your time as 14 beautiful women from across Europe Just send them an Italian villa for a were a win romance with a dashing stud who may think his worth 80 million dollars I should buy a silver and silver you're going to show me I should buy a little more E-he She bought a silver and silver I don't I don't know to shine me She bought a silver She bought a silver She bought a silver She bought a silver I'm not getting it when we have the guts to actually try to do this again We Oh Come on Come on You want to just make out will his true love accepted for who he is or reject him and search of greener pastures Set it up for another round romance and surprise with Joe millionaire too I want to show you a Five oh like the we we Prop 48 at five 60 WCM tell your friend for well by the way to stop giving away pants and tickets because you see what he's done in South Florida that's all I care about now. I'm traveling to work this morning. I hear oh Scott How many tickets you back? I have a couple of tickets He wasn't even talking about given away tickets he didn't have any tickets to give away But because an occasion he's done that and got sucked in to give away free tickets Oh, and then we're like two or three in a row And I thought to myself there's only on for two freaking hours for coin. I love why should we waste his valuable time with a bunch of free loading asshole Come oh, Scott Hey listen, you're really doing a hell of a job. I love you show I'm out of my you got any tickets for nice game He means well you want to people learn about hockey Let me say it again. Don't give away tickets. Okay. I've already been that route Once upon a time many years ago at IOD I bought up a whole bunch of tickets for a Dallas Panther game at the old Miami arena And I bought them up and I gave the donations that people were given a form to a Commitals house at the time was the charity for our best of thing okay and low and behold People people paid money, but for I don't know how the thing worked, but to make a long story short People got to tickets they either scout them or they didn't show up There was almost none of the people was like in one section almost none of the people got to tickets to actually show it up So they they sold them and made a profit on them or they didn't bother showing up at all It was a total disaster in a waste of your time was that during the cup year and I was I who knows what year was what There was a magnet was not during the cup year woman during a cup year They'd been like it and they're tearing the building down Now it was not during the cup year was during like the T cup year 560560 pound five 60 on the AT and T and Verizon wireless line you will you won't believe this I don't want to get too hockey intensive, but the first year that they went in my mirror rena And they let's see no any anorena Right the goal lights at one end from most of the arena you can see them when a global scored you couldn't see the right line really And I can I was screaming about it on the year there wasn't one other person who complained and I alone and yours truly was Responsible because the guys from the organization came in before the next season and said oh well No, we'll let you decide we'll let you pick which and they showed me the different models of goal lights They have and I picked them out the new largest memorial goal lights But that shows you how knowledgeable the people in software are that 80% of the people sitting in the stands of all 3000 Couldn't see to God damn or I'd come out with a goal of scored Well, how did you go to a hockey game? I mean, what is that all a boot? Huh in the prep public here? Little them like that So don't don't dilute yourself. It's never ever gonna change here. He talked about hockey is like talking about playing pinacle at the North Pole It may even though they got plenty of time to do it. They don't know from it Here's for Lauderdale. Hello Hey, Neil happy horses. Hey, yes, sir Do you happen to read the New York Times yesterday AJ five P.E. O. I. Yes, they would go for a war veteran that had won a settlement from the government for being tortured by a A raptor in the first goal wall. Yeah, we discussed that yesterday sir. That's that's your government in action. Yes That's how the veterans get treated well in America not and especially out of this prison This a-wall president who's got some freaking herb to be up there earlier making a speech on veterans day This man who was missing an action Missing he was a wall in the Marines what kind of a scumbag are you George W. How are you kidding? Evidently too many people but but Not as many as before because now according to associated press I'm in increasing a tax against US forces in a rack of growing number from Americans including men and independent voters Say the war in Iraq was not worthwhile according to a survey release yesterday Half of Americans 49 percent say the war was not worth it compared to 48 percent who say it was According to a survey conducted this month by the NNB Public Policy Center That's a change from a October when 52 percent of Americans said the situation was worth going to war 43 percent said it was not followed the bouncing ball 52 43 said it was worth it not October in November 49 48 say it was not worth it now Leave a survey conducted November 1 through 9 a period when news of US Holocaust is being shot down in Iraq in Nationwide attention and those numbers of growing dead continue escalating day after day after day Shifts in opinion we're seen in most demographic groups but we're strongest among men independence and political Moderates and people within comes of less than 35 thousand dollars a year people like Scott who don't have three nickels to rub together How do you like that so you can fool people for a while But when the body start coming on even if you don't let the public see the coffins They start sniffing it and it don't smell too good 5 670 5 60 and I notice nobody put Pakistanis on this list and rightfully so I mean there's a very good looking Pakistani people. They want to run over have a lot of of Packies a lot of Packers but Some of them are they look pretty good, but you don't want to hang out too close. I just saw them I'm not saying you know five six seven 5 60 I mean when you're going to convene the story and you were in like a pin a nose clip on you know that's not good style Just go down to the Chinese market down to block Here's a call from Miami hello What about the york the ducks juice? Here's Miami hello Nacer Yeah, this is the limo guy I got something to say to you know the saint the limo guy. Okay unless you change unless you develop an accident all of a sudden overnight Ancestral 5 670 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless one this is a limo guy. Yeah Here's a call from Miami hello Oh, that's right. It's right. It's right time. Merchant there. Though he's busy in rehab Call from Papino. Hello Hello, yes, sir. Yeah, definitely the Brazilian And the ugly started Canadians, eh. Oh no, they're not Do not know they're not but what I would you know they would let you cross the border loser Canadians are ugly. That'll be a cold day in hell. I Boy some hot people north of the border baby trust me when I tell you maybe colder this time But there's some hot people there of all shapes and varieties make no mistake a booted Putz Here's a call from Gainesville. Let's probably the same chronic we had yesterday better not be hello Did you call yesterday? No sir. Okay good I just wanted to say that I was listening yesterday online and you just have me and an absolute stick Is really sorry about the the limo problem. Yeah, with the Oh gee, we just had the limo driver on her second ago not and I just want to say that um it really is the show Really doesn't move so much smooth there when you know who's not around When he's on vacation. Well, what does that mean? This is not in you're not in Gainesville This is a local call. This is a guy that hates George. No, no, no, no Come on all the time online line look outside you window. What's out there right now is there a cow out there Because if there's no cows out there you're not in Gainesville Not she a couple of cows in a couple of uh ah you're a you're in Miami Lakes but Neil what did I ever do to you? Yeah, I know it what did I tell you 5 670 560 No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, that's who they all are pound 560 that's what they show us for it's where we have You know rush is going to be a head with what's the name bushes daughter? No well And we got we had for the losers here on a phone every day. It's fine with me no problem I have a whole different altitude now my life has changed and listen when I try to pay me twice each paper it That should tell you something It's 1256 and 560 WCM. See I had to adopt a more philosophical attitude. So tell you 10 for a friend for rail Just cut the crap already okay? Whoopy and such a hard ass just take them out of the bank and just lighten up a little bit Even though he won't do it Hey, I'll tell you place y'all to go wait and that's thick and herbs in four-lot of nail and reason I know if I can So well and so enthusiasmistically is because they started out in Rochester, New York baby Way back way back even before this old fart was born way back in 1934 and the reason thick and herbs is so great is because the burgers and dogs are all served fresh Hot and fast with the signature meat sauce port on it. They jam on it and instead of that prefabricated fast Who'd here's a chance to get something really fresh and delicious? The canors is being brought to you by the same guy speeding you cheaper cheaper. They use the same fresh 100% ground chuck me this cheaper receiver. I'm a menu. You'll find a big fat one man an incredible quarter pound hot dog Went to the get-lips around that piece of sausage and what makes them different like I said is the incredible signature meat sauce that Nobody else in town uses. They got a fantastic menu for example breakfasts. They got omelets cooked to order Don't you love people who say breakfasts? I love them. Omelets cooked to order French toast pancakes all your favorite side dishes So stop eye vicaners and see what all the talk is about Vicaners in south Florida you'll find them right on federal highway south of Bard Boulevard in the tunnel where norm can't use to hang out on the east side of the road And be sure and tell them that old kneel for Rochester baby sent you by two Vic and Irre I'm Judge Roy Moore in the next best thing to watch an end called her spake mad drugs is the nail Rogers Farron balance one to two hour Do nine on box join the original cast of all in the family and the line in the premiere Oh, you can't do that no more Yeah, try to try you tell a Georgie boy can then cable Jackie so lick it. They decide What do you think I've got that bush? I think George President this country ever had What a hell I'm gonna He's so fat What are you thinking at that bush people I think George Bush is the most wonderful president this country ever had daddy Why is my care and argue with somebody I think I'm going nuts Hey, hey, oh yeah, boy. I'm glad to see you They have to see me fly off having had a good argument today Just gotta ask yourself yeah, what do you think an edge George T bush? I think George Bush is the most wonderful president this country ever had why? Bye. I think I'm gonna tell you liberal fact. That's why You can't do that no more Two nine on who for third-odd spa. I don't know what's been for you. I'm gonna have to want to turn big one to two I'll get the man dog sitting by he'll be along a two Humper four to seven including Rob Conrad that should be pretty illuminating The Rob Conrad hour five to six you out your panther preview with seven lighting and the panthers seven third night from the macarina anybody gonna be there No, it should be pretty good pretty interesting because it's Rick what's his name? Dudley Rick Dudley's first game coach and the panthers after a kick in my keen in Zazane. Oh, it's the same old crap You knew there was a battle going out right in the beginning over Stevie Y's that was pretty obvious when it first brought Dudley in and again Another mistake by the cornboy nice going out in your an idiot So when it worked out leave behind a bench and of course lightning a hundred and they've only lost one game They got eight wins their on fire Dominican women very beautiful extra sexy says DP Dominican whatever a name is so you got the Dominican women You got it Eric Dominican Dominican people Dominican something I don't think I ever seen a Dominican except maybe like a nun And here's somebody in Kendall who says oh chronic Teddy and oh If I would have seen who this facts was from I would understand what it's all about you know Too bad George isn't here Because George had a glutton kid is this guy's tongue extricated from George's ass Braccomt Teddy you are so such an ass look right think he's one must probably naked pictures of George this guy from Kendall Teddy Botswana or whatever his name is he is got such a fetish for George that it's scary Well first of all he starts out with filopinos okay, let's put filopinos on there Andrew Quinn and I'd like them And I guess he didn't like a mess why I came here and kill a bunch of people but anyway filopinos And he says one tradition girls sitting naked and they suspended barrel and the barrel so us suspended over a guy and the guy under the bed gets to spin the barrel to his delight And it's an event so up, but then it says god is a nice guy and all but please bring back George without him Your tote show takes on the flavor of Canada dry You know Teddy you're such an ass sucker. How do you look yourself in a mirror every day Teddy in Bob Botswana wherever you are? Jesus Christ every fact he's gotten there. I mean George great. You know we love George, but God all mighty the guys that have a vacation once in a while for a day or two Oh the flavor of Canada dry a yeah, I got your Canada dry over here Teddy Probably kicked his ass out of the filopinos 567 05 60 pound 560 on a AT&T and we're only gonna as retirees plan a trek to protest a free trade pact We're gonna get a bunch of old cochers coming down here like we need more those When trade ministers from 34 nations convene in Miami, November 20th a group of Florida be Tories will also be visiting that city 26 busloads of him. How do you like that? Oh And they won't be cheering the proceedings as negotiators discuss the proposed free trade area of the America's packed Instead the 60 to 90 year olds will be a thousand strong on the patty of the downtown Marriott delivering their own message to a variety of speakers Nob's stopping stopping the FTA I've yet to find an American to ask for this agreement no one asked Congress forward said Tony friend said a Presently Florida lines for retired Americans old cochers association ink It didn't come from the citizen this year from manufacturers it came from multinational companies seeking even cheaper labor markets Oh, brother is that kind of a picnic in Miami then or what? Next week look out See I don't understand by any city would allow those meetings to be held like Seattle or why they're allowed in Miami Why and then everybody has to close down and brace for all the violence in the insanity that's gonna go on why would anybody invite them to come and do it in their city Go to Oklahoma city go to Boyz the Idaho go to Kalamazoo go anywhere go to hell just get that lot of us out for and we had enough problems here already Jesus Christ I mean they have I suppose haven't even finished sniffing Aliens tiny little penis theory yet and these people are coming to start the steering a pot all over again Here's plantation hello Yo, no yes, sir. Listen these guys that collect one of the street what's your feeling on them? I think they suck They're a dam and I talked to one of them just a little while ago He told me the guy was running that he owns the building that they are living right? They collect money to pay him right right He owns the printing press that they print those super little newspaper right John can only baby homeless voice when in doubt Kick them out get him off the streets now get them off the streets now. I want to shy what the down in homeless voice people off the streets now That's the bottom line don't give them a dime and you people that do give them money. You're the ones that are keeping at the scam going Nothing with a gigantic scam is what it's all about and and they're multiplying like cockroaches everywhere Go up by me out there in West Broward really oh sure when you then and what they read like to do is congregate like at the exits And the emphasis to like the interstate like 595 And they're standing just like the newspaper people like the Sun Sentinel people they do the same thing Because they have a captive audience, you know people stop and at the lights and like right up here right up the corner there They're always there at the county line road in 441 When you go to the turn pie the jersey turn pie Get those people off the streets man. It's got nothing to do with first amendment. It's got to do with a scam is what it is The one of the biggest scams and unfortunately this state can't get nothing done right nothing Zipady doda Can't just protect us in our cars in our homes all you know about up there in Tallahassee, Steele and elections. That's pretty much it And they also got the federal government on their backs about their damn About their child welfare program. You see that that's that's lovely So they can do whatever it'll they want and most of the kids don't have anybody go to bad form But Jeff likes that because now we won't find all those other little kids whatever happen at little girl by the way What the hell was your name? Will you Wilson? What ever happened or they were fine her? No now 560560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon. I'm Brazilians are kicking some serious ass on the pole sexually who are the hottest people in the world Brazilians 125 one 25 man Colombian 70 oh brother American 68 Italian 60 Argentinian 30 Irish 26 Ruskies 20 20 Russians France 15 Venezuela's 15 but I wonder about the Russians the hockey players the young guys all always have Zits Like a perpetually injured Nick Antropov and the LLL XI Tone Karaski unleaves great looking guys but they have Zits That must be the westernization of the western food they're eating right? Yeah McDonald's but she's Zits faces Russians 20 French 15 Venezuela's 15 we got a spell right now how do you like that? Saudi wave and seven the ties you got for I'll tell you some rod roti stories now these dead the Indians this thing is it's refreshing and it is mild Indians have got a pair Chinese two Japanese two Danish two Filipinos one the pantominians and Dominican's I like to owe you the spell right Dominican's yeah, I guess you did hey gotten on yet but they will Larby Pubrik and Dominic kind a And Haiti sure in the same island you think they share the same soap no five six seven oh five six Deep pound five sixty on a AT&T and Verizon line here's a comfortable sunrise hello Daniel's going on how you doing sir? I'm doing fantastic miss and I got a couple things here I don't know if you talk about yesterday or if it's on the website yesterday I just got around to the to a today article that you posted with the I think guys by thing was a mar being Stuff there in the Concentration camps right inquiry camps Amazing story I couldn't read and they did not do happy about that a couldn't read a single thing afterwards I am still in all half four hours later that story needs to be on every newspaper in this country Right, but it's pretty amazing about it It's really sad the big involved intelligence that always keep the backpars maybe isn't amazing But we can't figure out who's crazy wrong who's the bad guy who's the good guy? Whether it's an Iraq or whether it's in our own country or whether it's right across our own vote like Vietnam all over again It's a figure out who the bad guys are Let's just kill a whole bunch of people it's like over the weekend when the American troops are given orders now now We're starting to get pissed off over those the helicopters that got shut down all the dust So now we're just dropping these big gigantic 500,000 pound bombs and we're like Just shooting it anybody we can't just to kill a bunch of people to send a message You know, just like Joey Zaza we're gonna send them a message. We're gonna you know and it's it also My mind it's an age veteran's day and I like you said we got any walk-ups and they want to speak And if you speak outing at the American pop You want to wave their American flags and their bumper stickers where they try their little yellow Ribbons around trees Face you know Ribbons and they want to be out there protesting man the man they know these kids be brought back here right now Be right by the weekend, okay? Flod so what's your surprise the flags over there don't give us a full one veteran's their benefits for Reaction point and they got over there the truth just not come out but slowly it's starting to kneel It's seepin man. It's seepin out You're work meal everybody appreciate it's the truth Oh, yeah, just listen to the calls you can tell they really appreciate it Get a new phone Okay your phone blows good call terrible phone 10 past one you can't have everything at five 60 WC We're fighting a good fight our way we're battling a baby We're doing it we're gonna change the world right here on the radio We're gonna put that wrestling ball in his play. Oh, by the way we kicked his ass in last book even before we went into rehab How do you like that? I wish we had the copy of the book that was sitting here George was in here earlier And he said he left me a copy the whole Summer rating book there, but the only problem is somebody ran off with it like everything else in here if it's not nailed down because this is a playground Here it's not a radio studio. It's a freaking playground is what it is Which is very sad we keep telling off the same thing and up a It's just crying like a little baby, you know Then he runs back into hallway and asked Greg to wipe his ass for him and then that's it Then he goes back and sits on his chair and listen to the show the rest of the thing that's it that's what he does Not bad not bad work if he can get it 11 past one at five 60 WCM hate brand these shoes is celebrating the big anniversary this year 25 years of Do-in-it-right an independent family shoes store that stars like a you know just a little corner store many years ago And now they've grown gigantic they've got over 40 thousand pairs of shoes and stuck in their 8000 square foot mega store and people have shop in here because price Selection service they got them all they got the top brands in the shoe business They got rock ports echoes Mufisto Timberland Clark's SDS floor shine don't buy shoes from some snivelly little gangster, okay Buy him from a store they can depend on and as far as sizes are concerned they got them all men size 6 to 15 women's five to 12 and from the very nearer To the very wide no matter how teeny and petite or big and disgusting your feet may be they can stick what on there It'll fit and the shoe to and of course they give you personal service to make sure that you do walk out there With a perfect fit every time it's said like waddling out like that butler and Lakha's your full whatever hell is name was Jacob Brandy shoes you'll find them at 12 90 North federal highway in pop at Obeets the rope and daily nine to nine Sundays 10 to five and this week all this week By one pair of shoes at the regular price in Brandies and get the second pair for a half price the settlers on women's rose Homersom and Vanille and men's and women's new balance stop IR visit amount of worldwide wicked web at brandies shoes.com If I'm an up you wait I exaggerate, but that's only for money Happiness peace A sense of well-being a sense of self-worth It comes from the inside out It doesn't come from the outside Man Why Do you all rise to that don't feel dry You think that you have the right to judge him for getting a few pounds This You one 16 at five 60 WQA and happy veterans day to you. I don't know. I mean it's easy to say it, but I'm think most Americans really give a crap about veterans from the past wars or from the current the FESC would it's going on. And that's very sad. You know, a lot of lip services paid, a lot of flag waving like the last call was said and that's it. Thanks for closed. That's about it. Like that's what most holidays have become. You know, like, well, what's open today? You know, is this a place that post office open? Is the bank going to be open? We have an barbecue or the mosquitoes bigger than polling balls. That's what American hotline is all about now. Even even religious holidays. Except the course for Paisach. Here's an email from my move on dot the org. Whatever it is, you have to move on dot org. A great organization for those of us that left of Hitler. It says, Dear move on, remember it's only been two weeks since we lost our $10 million grassroots fundraising campaign. In that time, over 70,000 300 people have pitched into run ads at highlight present and bushes failed policies. If all the checks come in, we've, together, we've given a whopping $3.6 million. That's why this campaign to expose present bushes attracted the attention to some heavy hitters. Today, George Soros and Peter Lewis to the countries leading philanthropy to announce their strong support of our effort. They've pledged to match every dollar given by those of us in a grassroots with 50 cents of their own. In other words, if we raised 10 million, they'll put up another five million. Politicians, pundits, and all the press are watching the server closely to see what happens. President Bush is breaking in millions in $2,000 checks for the first time more in a position to show that small donors working in partnership with the big ones can counterbalance the influence of rich Republicans. We can't do it, but we'll have to dig deep and bring in more people. Please help however you can. Remember every dollar you give daily match with 50 cents from George Soros and Peter Lewis. You can give online at the links below, which I'm not going to read all the links, but we can, uh, what, where do you find this? Move on.org. Well, that's all you have to go to. This is this is a lobby on our website right now. Move on.org. You can contribute by credit card, by check. And it says PS for more on a match announcement from George Soros and Peter Lewis. Check out today's article and MSNBC the one that I read before and you can find that we're going to have to put that on our website. That's my bad. I missed that somehow. I have to the end of the show. I mean, maybe Eric, maybe Eric is listening right now. Do you think? You think that Eric has put down his goddamn breakfast and lunch in the dinner burritos? And his 45 pounds of Kentucky fried? www.msmbsc.com slash news slash, and not going to have this. 991-865.asp. That's where to find the article. Or just go to the MSNBC website. It's there. It's big. We'll put a link to it on later on. Don't let me forget. Don't let me forget. 560-505060. And the PR Ralph Puerto Rican Ralph says now that you're back in Tauveno, forget to repeat Tiki Show Daily NBC 64 PM. It's a good nap taker. I'll pass out Passo Ralph. Also, any news on the Dave Wayne meeting? No. Where's Wayne playing the godfather music in the background making him an offering can't refuse. That's a good question, Ralph. And this of course, being the sports station, you think we know something about that, you know? But this being the sports station. They don't pay any attention to show. So we don't know if we mean to say, and I'm going to make him an offering down. Or not. 560-7056. Do we got a word on the meeting? No, no, that's supposed to be anything. I said he's not going to fire his ass. That's all. He's not firing him. So probably fire his ass. If it was me, I'd fire his ass. Oh, I would too. Because if you saw the lack of effort, forget about all these arguments about, well, the offensive line and Jason Taylor's got a big mouth. You know, there was no effort. There weren't interested. There weren't the least bit motivated interested. It was like a joke. It was like almost like Tennessee being out there with no opposition on an empty field running a skirmish. 560-7056. And by the way, who's that, uh, Kella Mwins lower. Chuck your mouth already. When are you idiot? You know, there's one thing I cannot stand man is these athletes. I don't care whether they're white or they're black or they're purple. I can't stand athletes with a big mouth, you know. Well, he's a mess of my mouth with my emotions about yeah, just play the goddamn game. Daddy should have talked you better than that. Okay. Daddy was a great player and didn't open up a stupid mouth like that. 5, see we're going to look too sports intensive. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon. I'm going to make him an off-re game. Wireless line. Here's a call from Margie. Hello. Does Howard like? Nick? Oh, I don't know. Here's a call from Miami Beach, I'll go ahead of Neil. I'll worry. Yes, sir. Okay. Good. Yes, I'm watching that. He had about fun and susten. And she comes out with a piece of JFK case closed or something like that. From sitting there and I said, one there and they screw up to 40 years and found the killer of their own present. How in the hell are we going to find been laden or so down? Ever. Right. I mean, I don't understand this country. Everything is upside down here. Anyway, what can I find a piece you had on the last week or your birthday? Working to find one? Where can I find a piece you had on the you put the tape on from the program out of Canada? Oh, it's on it's on a website. It's right on top there. It's conspiracy theory. CBC. It's on your website. Yes, sir. Okay. Perfect. I'll get a copy of it. Just click the link to conspiracy theory. A CBC. When are you going to go to Amsterdam again? One of these days. Me too. Okay. Tootsin. See you. Okay. Do we? Thomas C. Do we? Five six seven. Oh five 60 pound five 60 on the 18 team for rise of world of slumber. You have mostly open lines on there's pretty pretty depressing pretty sad. Pretty sad. How do you do? There's Al Pacito. There's the Godfather. Godfather Jr. What where did that come from? It's Randy Motors from ticket defense. Hey Randy how are you? That must be my birthday present for you're the best. You are the best to keep all of us out of jail. Oh, a rested Russian business man is Carl Al Group advisor. I meant to redisturately. I'm glad I did right now though because you might have a few people listening. The arrest of two of Russia's top businessmen in recent months was more than a distant headline for Washington's well-connected private equity firm. The Carl Al Group party liked that. Where have we heard that name before? Carl Al alone for the glittering roster of former statesmen among its partners and advisors has ties to both Mikhail Kateroski and plateau unlevitably jailed Russian tycoon's. Kateroski, 40, Russia's richest man in former chief executive of UCOS oil company, serves as an advisor to Carl Al's energy group. He's among 15 luminaries who have the firm sought to invest in opportunities in energy industry along with former secretary of state James Baker III former British Prime Minister John Major and we'll surprise when he author Dan Uyurgan. Skippy doesn't realize he's not allowed in here because he didn't give a dime to abandon per rescue so he's not allowed in a building he can't read. Somebody read in the sign on the door he's not allowed in the studio. Kateroski was arrested last month by Washington authorities for alleged fraud and tax evasion because the billionaire seen as a possible public arrival to President Putin his arrest is unsettled a country's business community and worried for an investors. Carl Al spokesman Christopher W. Alman declined to comment on the matter. Sources close to the firm say Carl Al is taking a cautious look at the business climate in Russia, so far Carl Al has no investments in Russia and hasn't followed through on preliminary discussions about starting a boy by-out fund with Russian investment company Alpha Group the sources said. Neither man is playing significant role for Carl Al's sources said Carl Al does not disclose its compensation to advisors meanwhile the firm has lost the services of its most prominent associate former president George H. W. W. Bush one who was seen your advisor for Carl Al's Asia funds retired last month shortly after serving as the main draw to dinner in Moscow to rule investors to break in the big box. The world is a business Mr. Beal though never forget it okay the world is a business Mr. Beal keep that in mind when you're trying to like dissect all the mind Nusha. Forget about that. Just keep in mind it all comes down to one thing. Don't be sure to ask you got it. 5 6 7 0 5 60 we got 80 minute open lines in this board and I'm pretty pissed off about that. Here's West Palm Beach hello. Yes sir. Hey I just knew that from Toronto I was seven years to get my green cards. Yeah. I don't know what's so good about Toronto. It's a used to be a good city. Hey well let me say this if you don't like you don't go back it's very simple. That's what I'm here. How long have you been here? About five months. But I'm all you haven't been here long enough to figure it out you don't know what the hell is all about here. I'm all about those one of Scarborough's not exactly that. Well what I want to be in Scarborough for quite a lot that's like to see New Haven and Pohoki. What does that mean? I mean you got six 7000 people living there you got North York you got it's all the coast. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah they did the population only just went up to over five minutes in GTA sir everybody must be moving out. Yeah but there's no white people out. Why would you cook over the whole place? You know what I'm talking about? Who took over the whole place? That's not a mean. Well let's a no-co-backed it and okay stay here. Bigoted bastard. Five 617 he belongs in South Florida because here everybody's a bigot nobody likes anybody else. Oh I want to say white people out. I see plenty of white people. Lots and lots of beautiful white people. All the time you'd be shocked and amazed at all the white people I see. A so stay down here it sounds like you you're fitting here like a rubber glove. Even side you're back home. Yes. 5 670 560 pound 5 see this is what amazing. I've told you this many times. I don't I'm not selling okay if you don't like Amsterdam if you don't like Toronto if you don't like Colo and Germany if you don't like Berlin if you don't like Rome if you don't like Ballon you have you don't like any place that ever gone you don't like Rochester don't go there it's very simple I'm not going to argue with you about it's a free country at least the used to be here. At least it used to be and by the way sir I hate to break the news to you but Canada didn't participate in the iracatech that's one more reason to be there and today is the mayor or race in the Toronto in Miami and to in Miami in Toronto see I'm confused in a winner land. I say David Miller is going to win that be next May or a Toronto a great city no question about one problem the greatest city in North America and this little butt plug has been down here five months he's an expert on South Florida if I had a million dollars for every asshole like you so it's been here a few months and tough this was paradise and then was gone like a few months later pack in a bag of running anywhere they could go I'd be like I wouldn't be sitting here right now talking to assholes like you but have a great day hey David Miller Polish too. He's Polish. See there's no white people live 27 past one whatever it is it's five sixty wqm the mad dog will be long a two and he's really whipped up into a frenzy about them dolphins man he wants to have one that's as fired now and I just made it. Nobody on the station is going to say that because they're all like part of the you know they're all showing for the organization just like yeldy's showing for the panthers they fire my keen and I know he's too tough on him pairs they need somebody who can instruct the other you're nothing but a little suck hole that's all you are that's all you'll ever be is a little suck hole you're never good judgment on job because even always 100 years old and blind is a bad he still a hell of a better and you'll ever be even though he has no idea what's going on yeldy forget about nobody wants you somebody with a squeaky voice at six o'clock in the morning what a way to get out of bed. Nobody wants to hear that so get your head out of mosaise and mosaise on out of here you idiot you. 27 past one at five sixty wqm hey for relays still waiting for that bed fat boy get on the stick baby instead of running around a building or wadlin around as you do spread rumors about your friend Todd wreck get with it and get a mattress for a for real idiot dollar mattress is the place to call 1 800 mattress the mattress industry is you know it is loaded with phony claims and shell games and it's an nasty thing they try to rip your ass off but a dollar mattress no rip off no phony promises no bait and swish just legitimate honest discount prices every day on a brand name you know and love now including steering and foster hewitt and when you call 1 800 mattress you pick the end-timer delivery to any to our window every day seven days week from eight in the am till ten in the p.m. I've been sleeping on the mattress from these folks for years and eight time the mattress is lumpy and bubbly and we're not you just make them one easy call and it's a piece of cake on a sales practices fantastic unbeatable service everyday low prices same day delivery free set of removal how to how can you beat that the answer is you can't so pick up that phone right now and call get you the best night sleep you've had in years do yourself and you're back a humongous favor call 1 800 mattress 1 800 ma tt r a s or check them out online at macros.com check it pants the radio was permeated with the likes of Dr. Lauraville and Andrea Michael Reagan they call it clear channel custom clearly out to make the message clear they're right wing not to see Republic and Mother they're all right wing not to see Republic and Mother for all the table talking to you to get any summer that are now to whatever they are told to believe and worship George's their king right wing not to see Republic and Mother well the Democrats who prep their pants like a child that is scary booby aftery month call up who should go home and shut up but he don't have a clue what he's doing the Democrats have a death wish when it comes to deciding who they will run and you can color them done if they run jewelry or mine right wing not to see Republic and Mother f**kers they're all right wing not to see Republic and Mother f**kers who get a dignity if it isn't them that's getting a juicy hogbird just remember what I said when a cousin your back or that train right wing not to see Republic and Mother they're all right wing not to see Republic and Mother for all the table talking to you to couldn't get any 133 at 560 WQAM Randy Multashone that took a defense team just brought me in a huge thing a gigantic poster from godfather three I haven't seen anything that big in a long time since uh since i was in uh Amsterdam a you know that that kind of call to men to go and like i said you like what you like and if you like vanilla ice cream more power to you i'm not here trying to force feed anybody anything but that guy will fit in here perfect when you start screaming out we had a call a few weeks ago to send the all the pack he's took all the city up there you know something people are people i like being around nice people i'm a care what the hell were they're from what they're shaded their skin color is if they're nice of lies decent people if they're not running out of a bunch of guns like the wild west i enjoy living that kind of an environment if they're not a bunch of bigots that's why that guy sir i take back what i said you won't be here just a few months you'll be here forever because you're a bigoted asshole you fit in here perfect now let's see what does it say let's talk about Caitlyn favor did she really say no what Caitlyn favor doesn't ring about who the hell is that does anybody have any idea who that why sure is held on i don't know what you're talking about that's a facts here's another fact i think why understand why you wouldn't say anything publicly supporting the administration against the trade agreement in mining next week i'm sure the power is uh to be well what what does that mean i'm supposed to inside people to go out there and write what an asshole another asshole p sma are borrow the qa in vain that might make it easy to women oh i know who this is from this is another chronic brother i'll even attempt to raise some cash for ben and pep rescue by some your merchant s while on there well great have a good time see this business of civil disobedience to a point of like uh busted up people stores and the causing millions and millions of dollars of damage and destroying people's livelihoods that don't get to job done this work doesn't work so if you think i'm going to sit here and support a bunch of crazy people you're wrong and i'll say it again why anybody why any city anywhere in this country would allow what allow that kind of a gathering to take place in their midst they must need metal help 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T big army another chronic facts you says in honor of veterans day i'm working day but it's okay i feel we should honor the veterans by giving all veterans that they offered pay and the rest of us should work not about ID army too many of us don't appreciate what the veterans have done for us in our country i thank them all and we echo that sentiment army the only problem being the ones who are now who are going to be veterans we hope if they stay alive our fighting a uh they're fighting a uh cause that's unjust uncalled for and i'll rages and they're being put in harm's way by a bunch of lunatic nazis who don't give a flying crap about them at all but at any rate 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T in horizon wireless line here's a call from my amy hello amyel yes sir i don't know anybody want to talk about it but Caitlyn's favorite is uh Kobe Bryant's accuser oh they are name and her picture plastered on that lovely yeah but see that that's always the way it is when some athlete when some dumb jock rape somebody was accused of it let's always blame the bitch the bitch did this and she had sex three times that i've before today and she done this let's always blame the bitch and make her look bad you know just like a Robert Blake thing yeah i'm not like putting yourself in a jackpot coaxing when you got all the money into the world you can you can hire whatever woman you want to go on exactly he's got a hot wife i get any damn uh hooker that he wants so right exactly for like pocket change to everybody else and he's busy uh hitting on some bitch another freaking brain surgery right um as much as you and rightfully so you're guilty hard time he as bad as he is i'm hockey and anything else but you were away with prior to the world series yeah feeling like marlin's baseball talk and this guy i mean you might as well put on mad dog talking soccer for crisis or a mask or this guy is just clueless and he's as just horrible as he is an hockey but uh no at least he's consistent anyway yeah i just don't like the way that he always i mean so predictable because no matter what uh no matter who the it is whether it's built or your brand muri or uh uh uh uh the teary muri no matter who the people are he always sucks up to the organization they're always doing the right thing and the players are always at this they're always great and then as soon as they get rid of somebody like burry he always sings the company line oh he was divisive in the room and he was this and which is a pile of bullcraft they just they always made up some bad crap about everybody that they dumped out of here because they didn't want to pay and you remember the $10 million they were going to say would burry there's still not spending it they got a $19 million pair of all which is a joke yeah you know you had one magical season you're out of all right and the rest of it's been crap yeah thanks for taking a call me a great day pal thanks i mean you know i don't expect to you know a fan you go whether they win or lose just like the least i've been a fan for forty or five years but the fact that a matter is uh put something out there that people can appreciate put it on honest product out there plus the quality of the ice at that i mean i have never ever seen anything so bad it's like it's like trying to um i'm trying to think of a parallel like they're trying to skate on sand on quicksand have you ever seen ice so bad when they all again they played a few nights ago all you could see is guys falling down all the time yeah everybody was on the trip by the blue line if you're part of my expression everybody's falling out because the quality of the ice is just brutal now i haven't been there yet this season i'll go tonight if i'm wrong i'll be sure to say that tomorrow but from what i've seen on tv it still looks really really bad you're not wrong at all well that's pathetic i mean what is that when they didn't have a goal i think you could see the first year let's get some people in that organization who know what to hell that they're doing instead of some guy who wants to be a hobby, Alan Cohen and Bernie Kosher what you want to see Bernie no more let's he's up there in a basket and mind to die and here's a fact from Pete the chronic board up belated birthday and thanks for the tickets uh lead the uh king's game what do you go he says it was like a morgue hundred the upper deck was 10% fully if that i saw that tv piece you'll have to worry about it i got the hockey package up there a i saw a good part of that game and it was embarrassing and a king's you know how hot the king's have been lately they got eight wins their first place near division there on fire but in a meantime they look like a bunch of little girls out there was a horrible game because they couldn't escape they kept falling down he ice is bad it's oh there goes Neil complain it again while i'm just talking to the way it is see this is what kills me about a lot of people in this if you tell him the truth if you tell like the way it is instead of saying well gee at least we got somebody honest enough to like uh tell it like it isn't trying to do something about oh all you do is whining complain and stuff like that stuff like that and stuff like that and stuff like what don't you go back to Canada you too fast that who would a great idea twenty till two at five sixty and that guy to call the waddlego it is thing about the Chinese okay i'll tell you one thing everybody into rava the i encounter they all do one amazing thing oh not that they all speak English wow heard the have manners too even though we do have all these Chinese and Pakistanians and Indians a lot of to speak with an accent and uh you name it every yet they grew from all over the world don't hear too much is funny but nevertheless everybody who's there speaking English you don't see any arguments none of that frog stuff like in my show all about uh you know if you don't speak friends probably will up your ass none of that you get along generally speaking polite friendly courteous civilized civilized there's the word that my comor used to get in boarding for columny civilized not a bunch of wild West cowboys like our president want to shoot up every month we're gonna hunt them out we're gonna gather get them out of there hold get the snakes out of their holes he talks like a freaking cowboy which he is like a goddamn Yahoo so far by the way are we getting the big snakes out of the big holes? No not getting them not them too well very very sad the fact that there's more than like 5% of the population in this country that supports the snotsie regime that should tell you all you need to know about a modern earth has become it's very tragic hey listen if you're trying to escape a few books together and make a life for yourself if right now you're underpaid and overworked if you have a crappy job your boss treats you like garbage here's the answer for you get yourself a real high pain career thanks to our friends at fast rain they give it that training you need in just four months not four years but just four short months so there's the solution to all your problems pick up that phone and call one eight six six fast train be sure and tell them that old Todd Drek who hasn't dared show his face anywhere near the studio thank them to these two days totally the call and don't do it Todd I don't want to see your ass fast drink and have you trained and certified for a high pain computer network professional career or a high pain medical computer specialist is little as four months let me say it again is little as four freaking months you can have a career and a big income to go along with it so instead of like being on a treadmill when your feet moving real hard not going anywhere check out this deal of fast train they're off your dating weekend classes job placement assistance and even financial aid to people who qualify six convenient florida locations according for in south florida so call them today check them on the web first at fast train dot com look over the info and call and find out if this can change your life because it just might be what you're looking for call fast train toll free at one eight six six fast train little christian trying to run or not with that fall in their mouth on Friday night good little christians viewing their hate around and power grabbing for a new third right good little christians great washing all their kids grow up believing very tell time were dear to The business leaves checks from you. Got to say, Mark a day too. Good little Christians, for giving instant leave. That's why they never have to tell that truth. Good little Christians, Harry, do staff for a while. They like to spot Ben Swing and keep on telling. Good little Christians, Protecting us from ourselves, From brings a fire in the depths of hell. I'm a little rich or I'm a little old away. Take my hand and kiss me, Time to down the river, And I'll take the rins. And take until 2 at 560 WCM, The man dog, the angry puppy, The hostile hounded two, Giant Gannick got out of the three posted a Randy multi-shoulder to get to Fence Team brought in as my birthday gift. Thank you, Randy. It's a beautiful thing. The thing you put at Brands will only be a nice time. Exactly. Anyway, here's a fast from Bro, And we also, Eric is the best. I keep trying to tell you that. Even though he's very busy and too busy to listen. Ben, your answer always takes on both their sea article that I read And I refer to before it's the lead story on our website of our bedtime stories. Nice going, Eric. You demand. Sometimes, most of the time. Late, late. Anyway, here's a facts from Bruce and Janine, Bruce E. Rock. So thanks for reading our press release on the air. You're welcome. And here's a disturbing to me. We dropped off 2 DVDs of the film for you in Georgia few months ago. Since we don't know if you ever got them. No, I didn't. We'd be happy to get you two more. Please, I'd love to see it. You can fax this back or call us or email us at, Okay. And let us know. Just in case you're not listening, I will email you back and say, No, we didn't. Please, good to hear before we can. I'll just see it. Before I get out of here again. Here's another facts from Michelle. Thank you, Michelle. It says happy related birthday. It's good to have you back in town. Briefly. Last week, there was supposed to be a van. It'd be green shirt and then flamingo. But it was canceled because it was pouring rain. We'll have an hippie rescheduled to hit that location. You betcha. I don't know when, but you betcha. Where are we going to be on Thursday? Do we know? It's probably on our catalogue. I don't have time. I love the mole motif. But we'll let you the merchandise come in the previous years. Pictures. I'd love to have a coffee mug with a cork and cheer of you on a cloud to go along with my t-shirt. Well, that's a good idea. We'll, uh, win a doubt. We'll check it out. As a side note, Michelle says the other day, we're talking about your mom's obsession about bowel movements. You are so lucky that you're not a female because it's a common thing for women to have a whole discussion about menstrual cycles. It's happening to me several times in restrooms, elevators, and just about anywhere that a group of women who don't know each other will start discussing how they have it right now and they're bleeding a river. I never participate in that. I hated. I'd rather talk about bowel movements. And then she says, have a good one. I'm not sure what she means when she says, have a good one. Oh, I did. Michelle believe me last night. 20. 30. 40. Good ones. Wow. Don't get sore about it. But I did. I think I got, uh, may I have been so filled up with gas. I mean, gas up the old ass. I'm serious for two or three last two or three days. Maybe it was the beginning of getting all this out of my system. Because I have, I had enough gas to run my corvette for a year that I've released for my body in the last three days. It's a good idea. You don't need here. Especially when you're lying there and bed at night, you know, all alone. And you, I don't like it to graphic, but you're reach over and you pull because you want, no, seriously, you want to be sure that it's only gas. You know, you're something that I don't want to make a mess and bed. And you pull one cheek aside a little bit and then you're like, there you go. Now you know what I'm talking about? You've done that. Everybody's done it. Nobody else talks about that. That's me. Sure. You pull a cheek aside. You sneak a good one. Or a hundred good ones. You know, you're a good man. I'm just loaded with gas. Load it with gas. Maybe I'm getting ready for the shortage. I don't know. But I wake up this morning and it's all gone. I'll go. I've got tights anyway. If to the rumors, my close personal friends even though George hates them like poison. They've been very nice to me, you're simply. And I'm not going to know dinners, okay? Too late for that anyway. Here's a steep from Davies. Thank you. God of radio being a fan of long time. Love you, man. I'd like to add Puerto Ricans to the pool. Yeah, let's get Puerto Ricans on there. That's my last request to you, Eric. Because you've done a fabulous job today under difficult circumstances. It says my girl is beautiful. She's Puerto Ricans are the lover to death. What an ass on her. Haha. And a boy Steve. He says jail was hotter my eye. She's Puerto Ricans. Well, there must be a lot of people in South Florida who agree with me. Well, let's put Puerto Ricans on there because the South Floridaans do like a big, big fat, lovely. Back to mass. No, Cuba's like the big ass too. Believe me, all the Julios. That's a, it's a Julio thing. They like a big ass. I'm not too sure about Peruvians or whatever, but most Latinos they like, big ass. Five, six, seven, over five, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six. Maybe even fat boy can hook up with some of these people because when it comes to fat ass. Here's Miami, hello. Hey, honey. Anybody calling and tell you about their real injuries, Chad? With the cut and pace king last night? No. Yeah, sister Fudge called it with one of the one who was breaking news stories. Yeah. Ruby pictures of Jessica Lynch. Yeah. The bill calls that drug, the more I'm paraphrasing it. The most significant, the, uh, the profound journalist of, of, of the modern era. Are you sure, journalist? Yeah. All right. God. I got with a cut and pace website. Oh, brother. That's, that's, that's the modern journalism. Yeah, you know something. If I was on here in 50 states and we had the Richard Melonscape money behind me, we began 80 billion hits a day on our website. Our website puts his to shame any day. The week, you're right. I was cut and pace with about 80 million links. Didn't, didn't, didn't, didn't, don't, create a spot on there. No. Later. See you. How do you like that? I'm going to do that. Yeah, but wait a second. Oh, brother. Very sad. So I don't think back what I ever said. No, Phil used to be great and used to like have his head on straight. Now he sold out to the right wing. You know, you do what you got to do. You goose step in line. It's, uh, one 52 at five 60 QAM. What are they doing? We're supposed to be in five 60. You, a, M. The Middle Eastern world. We'll be exploded. Should don't let people go with the gas that we sold him. First time a crusher nation and the only one that's going. Now more blood will be spilled. To get that oil flowing. Forget about Korea. The nooks there towed to NASA. Right wing is drilling it over and over and over it to our head. Daddy, rag has some. We're fathoms of past destruction. Three thousand people killed. Are now forgotten. Let's exploit him and stand. Hey, there's oil to be caught. It's going after some time too. Planked Osama. There's no longer mention of. The name is lotting. But no one seems concerned of. A fee and complacent. Believe in every word of this cartel administration. Back controls us by fear through needy. A manipulation and a right wing is drilling it over and over it to our head. Ooh. Yeah, I rag has some. Weapons of past destruction. We're not gonna be here. The home would be on the key. The loss of civil rights is done. Rice that were paid. We're all suspects now. Not the ash crop is saved. I have nothing to hide. People's partners all are saved. I know Biddy and cattle don't have any reserve. We should build a group of fathom lands. We're the Nio, the Chas. The Nio's ancient, old regime must mulled. And have a virgin installed. With no objection at all. Tell the crackstone of the falls and the right wing is drilling it over and over it to our parade. Wash pants. I rag has some. Weapons of past destruction. Only I rag has some. Weapons of past destruction. Okay, like I said, Eric, we need Puerto Rican's honor. Did you think maybe didn't hear me say that because maybe seven dinner. Well, see if you haven't dinner really early, then you can have a couple more meals later on. Anyway, we asked today, sexually who are the hottest people on a face of the globe, maybe. We got Reckon's honor. Puerto Reckon's get those Reckon's honor. Please, Eric. You idiot. See, I just want to bitch a month and I'll get to it. Uh, resilience 147 Colombians, 80 Americans are 60. Or say 80, 80, 80, 80, 80, 10 and 70, Argentina 33, Irish 28. Venezuela's 21, Russians 21, France 17, Thai 13. Danish, you learn like a Danish. Especially a prune Danish is good if you can't go. Saudi Arabians 9, Chinese 4 Indian 3, Dominican 3, Japanese 2, Filipino 1, Panamanians And Puerto Ricans are coming soon. Can you hear it? Squared Squared? Anyway, we got the Mad Dog. Mad Dog coming up next to the Humperate for the Saturday night. Bye bye! New needs me. Is there a laugh track we can roll in here?