I went on with Mo, and for, I don't know what, 11 minutes of me talking, and then the station went south. And I don't want that, that was the kissed death. That was a bad mistake. I didn't really want it. It's my fault. He's been a one to use you as a crux, your V-guide damn day now. I can't wait to see how our relationship's sour is over the coming months. Oh, it will have to today. I'll make sure that. When you find out the kind of crap that he's pulled in this place, you have no idea. I just think the loading between the two of you is a beautiful thing for everyone involved. Yeah, but there's no, it's all legit. I know that the key is that your hate is so much better. Yeah. All right, we're up. We're up. We're up. Can't believe what you do to him. It's just beautiful. It is beautiful. All I haven't called him a person. We'll try that later on today. So anyway, we got about what do you think? Maybe 10, 20 people listening on the internet? Actually, we've got subtle farts in New York, because I have every unemployed degenerate in alcoholic, drug addict listening from the big-eyed. Yeah, the bad matters. I just think we have a bigger base this morning than you might believe. I have 25 phone calls from New York. This morning, people complain that they were going to sue the station, because it's obvious. Everybody sue the New York if she gets the cab first. But at the time, she gets to her destination. I'm served papers on 57th and Broadway. Let me take a one thing, man. All you got to do is say sue. In the station will be back on in 15 seconds. I thought my wife, she served me on the day of the Yankees home opener in the beginning of the season. It was April 4th and this guy comes to my place. He knocked on the door and asked me a big-eyed Volvo. I thought I'd win the lottery. I guess I was wrong. Yeah. Well, that was a bad story. What was a bad story? I think I did this story. Probably was a bad wife too to be honest with him. Well, you know what happens? They all leave you. I was very... Not like those good ones. No, I don't know what happens. I'm not really a married good Jewish woman. You know, if you get 10 years in with a Jewish chick, good, good effort, luck. I mean, by the time I was in the 6th year, I got laid once a month at best. She started doing her best friend. She went, she went, you know, she just went south on me. She'd started doing women and I was left out in the garage holding my package. And you know, everything, bro, she got all the money. No, I sold to her. I'm she got all that money in California. If you lose, you know, you're a little whatever license of marriage. You do them. You're done. They take everything. The guy gets nothing. It took everything from me and left me up. I'm penniless. I'm a pawn broker. I'm swapping. So even even if you like Mo, which I know you're really in your heart, hate him like Poison, but even if you like the old man, the fact is, the notion of you doing a two-man show with anybody else is so ridiculous because once anybody gives you like the smallest opening, you just hear air. That's it. That's the end of that. I got a small battery. We're talking too much and that goes on. 25. That's bad in audio. I never shut up. I'm a mess. I don't think I'm good at anything. In fact, I think I'm awful at everything and anything that has anything to do with anything, but the only thing I can do is give me a mic and turn it on and ask me a question. I'll take the thing that I find amazing. I mean, I can't even begin to describe you as the fact that see what I've referred to on ESPN and then you were doing a trasher game. Somebody sent me a tape of the trasher game. But and I thought this was sick. And I kept telling George, how can anybody talk like that for four hours or even for four minutes? And that's just because if I try to do that, it just tears the guts out of my vocal feeling. And now I'm listening to you and I realize that's your real voice. You know, the hockey game is the funny thing to think I've been stopped about was I was always in trouble. One of the reasons was that I would call a fight and let's say the fight was down in the corner and the two guys fought and then they separated and they go to the penalty box. Well, typically the game had restarted and they were at the other end on a power play. You know, five on four. There's two shots already on. I'm still back in the corner doing a fake fight. The guys got his thumb and the guys I used to we do radio only games. I would say that the players were bleeding like the X-arm valve. These are their wives at home and Atlanta would be mad at me. And then we lost at a devil's one night. Nothing and I said we were taking it in the ass. That didn't go up every day. Somebody told me about that. Yeah, and you know, I just had, I would call players that had no talent. I would call him slow, plus he's talentless ass. We're close. I make more money than them. He said, what's wrong with me? He might say everything. We have no gold telling no speed, no dep no coaching, no talent, no draft picks, no money, new arena, no one fills it up. I think they thought I was negative. I can't remember. Well, like I said, don't count on doing a Panther games. Unless you talk about a thin skin organization man, you you have it encountered anything like the Panther. You believe that my keen is my friend. I know this guy and he actually is nice. I don't think he's nice to his own family, but he likes me. They are really thin skin no boy. I have to. I can't believe anything. Not as thin skin is when memories were here. I went toary and memories were here. That was brutal. How do you been into the foster? He was pressbox. No, I actually have not been into foster. He had more out seen it many times, but I never been in. It's a great pressbox. All the way. I'm good friends with my buddy Joe Bowen, who's the greatest. Yeah, he's a great announcer. I was honored when I met him. And I always said that when I first joined the league and got to call the game somebody asked me why you wanted to do it. I said because I love hockey more than money. I walked away from a syndication deal that was, you know, I was in like a hundred cities. I was making a ton of money. I walked away for it for nothing. And I was going to love hockey so much. I said if I could be in the hockey hall of fame someday as a broadcast. There would be the greatest thing ever. I lasted one season. Yeah. I was going for a plan. I'm really a plant number 25. There's a chat, Mama Jim, it's not a thing, but it was off the track. That's cool here. It goes to in fact, where it was. It's the leader of the land. It's a nice, not a land name. It's a leaf TV. Did you know there was a leaf TV? I do that. What did I call a yesterday in the CBC and let's see other one up there that does the games. There's two of them. CBC and I think that TSM were the ones that spent the 24 hours with me. They did everything they even took a shot. CBC wouldn't put up with it. They're two. They're two stayed. They're two. Yeah, they got Kelly Rudy as their top guy. He's lowering. I mean that's torture. Well, the funny thing is how they could make a game in November. I seem like the seventh game of the Stanley Cup finals. Yeah. It never games the end of the earth. But I like going like Montreal. I went to the game. I like going into the old Montreal form or whatever. Everybody chained smoke and smelled like wet dank horse cigarette. Yeah, but that's because it were French. I like it. All the facts smell like that. Yeah, there are about as French as I'm German. Okay. People from Montreal, the thing that French suck. Yeah, you're real French. Okay. They're probably the same amount than we we. Ella Boo. Here's a facts from PRRF. Put the goddamn show on 96.5. Take them off the air. That worthless pieces of crap you'll draw more. Okay. Let's go on FM. I'm power. Yeah, that's a very least get rid of that Schmidt kick and using and put us on kiss until we get to transmitter fixed. All of that chicks, the DJ and the pop station are trying to get him bow with me. I've didn't been here two days. Anybody's listening on the internet? You've been seeing now are you going to check a calls being here? I was, but uh, the internet here wearing sunglasses. Take them away. One on rainy. Yeah, they're coming no more cooler than this. I think my eyes are too red. You want to take a calls boat water. It sounded a little bit too much like work. Is that it? Yeah. George, we might have a fancy audience out there listening on the internet right now. We're off the air, man. I should pay you red to use the studio every day. And the rumor that I'm here is that mode dropped the bomb. He's been threatened to drop the bomb. That's where I'm here. Yeah, he dropped the bomb. No, I can't. I don't want to think about it. Do you think that the muskrat actually moves as he like swarms around on a seat? Do you think the muskrat chamber and I was open with him? I actually spent like eight minutes doing quick looks over there to see if I could count the sand. You do realize that he's got different pieces for different things. You know, the abuse that you hand this guy's family. I think that's why I don't even say it. Yes, I will. That's probably why. I won't say it. It's none of the air. Go ahead and say it. We're not in the air. We're just on the internet. It's probably why it's dog guy. Can't believe you're holding anything back. This is just for the web. I feel horrible for that. I don't know what it's like to lose weight. I'm in a here's a call in my alley. Hello. Is this me? Yeah. That's you. Are you listening on the internet? No, I'm on my phone. I can't get you on the radio. I'm going nuts. Yeah. I'll just talk to us anyway. Just pretend like you're on. You are on. Why don't you like how did you like for else first show this morning? I missed it. Yeah. So did you get the L. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He didn't make a single mistake in two hours. I was proud of him. It was one of this. It was one of the worst co-opson radio history man. He talked about funding at the one yard line. What a goal. It was a family. What is it? What is it? What are you going to be back on the radio tomorrow supposedly? If we got what ever the beastly is going to for to get a new final two for the transmitter. We drop acid transmitter. The orange in air was smoking a glass pipe is the only thing I saw. I used to be a firecube. One side we're really big. What a great start for the new line up huh? That's QAM and we may not be good but at least we're consistency out there. I think at least we went to plan B. We have both TV stations out here in five minutes the work I said I was dangerous. He took the mic back for me. So black guy turned on. Yeah. Yeah. I moved for 12 years ago and you've been God ever since. And fell over where were you saying it? I think I'm going to like YouTube. Thank you very much. It's for real. Oh well. There you go. It's easy. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I met on the hand. I have a great day. Okay. There's our first call. I can't even listen. He just good. How come you put him on holdbeer? I guess well we'll put in your phone. He talked to us. I need to give me all of his favorite restaurants doing software that I should go to and abuse I get it once not to go to okay. Yeah, that's even better. Don't go to the rascal house. All the old Jews go there to steal a pickles and a coleslaw. Don't go to Joe's son crab. That's a plastic place where people like Mo go to get their. I went to my wounded plant and I swear to God there were 900 Jews and I was the only Gentiles sitting there eating my salmon. I felt like it was a... Oh don't say that you're Gentile. I don't think Greg knows that you never would have got hired if you knew you were Gentile. I told him that I was married to a Jew. I share it. In fact there's a big sign on a front door that says no going I'm allowed. Did you see that? I think I did notice that actually. I mean seriously. Have you ever worked at a station with so many Jews in your life? I see a lot of flavor around here. Actually I'm very interested. It's like a... It's like New England clam shot or red. I think that's Manhattan, right? It's Manhattan. There's a lot of action here, man. There's a lot of things that want to do me. There's a lot of the love she was swimming in. There's a lot of guys in here. There's Latino. Go ahead sir. No, let him be the rep. No, let him be the white people. I shouldn't have been. I couldn't believe it. I kept turning on a radio actually broke one. This can't be possible. I'm not going to stay after all this big buildup. After all the big buildup we gave the first day of this big new schedule and I look over here. First thing I do I said this this lovely amazing high-end expensive studio and I have a big package sticking in front of my face and it's Neil's big hot leg right in my face. It's enormous. I can't even see as a large hot dripping with some morning action on it. It's really rolling over. When you're going to be guys going to be back at the air. I think I'm not going to. I followed you up and down the west coast. I live in California. Nice dude. You look like you start like you're from the high desert where they grow that purple. Wait a minute, you want a west coast? What? I'm talking to him. You want a west coast? No, I'm talking to him. I got to get the show of my net national show. I did from lipstick city. Oh my god. It was nothing worse. Christ. Everybody there was fake the boobs, the doctor, the plastic, the people, the food. I didn't even a drugs out there are fake. Just every synthetic. Yeah. That's a lot of chicks with big huge Botox lips and big fake rack. And I'm a big fan of my life. That's tough. Plastic, just like all the people in Boca. That's another place. How did you land in Boca? Who's the girl that does all the promotions around here? She's got a big rack. The ring. She's got a big ass. The ring. I might get a big ass. She comes on. Yeah, get the flustered. I'm going to tell you something. Seriously, even though I haven't known you that long, it's like a matter of minutes. And I'd lose all my respect if you told me that you got the hot spring. No, I don't have the hot spring. You must not look very close. Oh, I'm warning you, follow me around with her big rack. And I didn't maybe you had a fan of his Holy Noes' stuff up. Okay, I'll catch the warning. My girlfriend is hotter than a pig. I'm going to skill and I call her 34C, but this woman filed me around on morning tell me to take my shirt on and off. And her big rack in my face, I got flustered. And the weather and the lightning and the tower and the antenna and all the spikes and everything else around here. Oh, right. I'm under so much pressure. What a great day, Viewman. I'm going to be good send her. Thanks a lot, Pally. Thanks. Can I listen to the show from on the Smother Joint and Turnier computer? Yes, Smoker Joint and Get On the Internet. Okay, that's what we're doing right now. What Neil, this is not a day you'll never forget is this. Are you positive that we're not on the air George? We're positive you're not on the air. Okay, so first I wanted to say bullshit at least once. All right. She's words why me say the effort, but I don't like to see and I would say it a whole bunch of times. In fact, I'd like to say it on the air, but I don't trust this outfit. And then we don't get on the air and then I'll say, oh gee, we're on the air. You know, I'm positive. That's a couple of times real quick. Come on, bullshit. No, say what? Do it. Yeah. Fuck. Yeah. Fuck. No, stop it. Jesus. We're not right. That's enough. That's enough. Wouldn't that be great though? Can you imagine how wonderful that would be? I mean, see, I haven't screaming for years about what a bunch of bullshit that is about the American public, uh, you know, Pfizer, the word police, the word police, the signing, what words we can say on the air could say, can you imagine if we could just say whatever to help we wanted to? I think that would be great for business. Oh my god. I think you already make a ton of money and all I know is that they let me cost I'd make more. I would make so much money. Do you know, I mean, they'll take any money around here. I've noticed that. They got every stripped joint and power and Christ Joe and marked you their show from two to six. It's sunrise service. It's some horror. Look up on the wall. Point him at the assigned up there. That's our motto. Just give us the F and money. I'm all for that. You know, I'm not that man and corporate that into my show. In fact, uh, when we set out the contracts, when when advertisers sign contracts on the contract, it actually says, don't expect you spot to actually get on the year, just send us the F and all I wear. It was here when I came here. Cardio, the Neo deals. I told him yesterday. I did the order of a car as I wanted. I said, I wanted a caddy, the Sadie's Beamer, Jack, then infinity, then Lexus, and then everything else don't call me. Okay. Does that seem fair that I should get like a, you know. And you should give one to Beener Boy by the way. This is a kid that's grabbing around a car with no AC and Florida. What do you think, Mo Drive? I know. I think you got Jaguar. I'll take it. What he drives me to the last position drives me nuts. That is. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He's got that white expedition. Oh, I don't know. I bet this is a week car stolen one in Pittsburgh, one in Chicago and one in New York City. I just had that when they found it. In fact, now that you know which one is his George. I don't want to say, no, no, no, the way he's a, enough said. I don't want to say that he's the five 60s man every day to go. I don't want to suggest King anybody's car because that would be good. I carry his shift. There's way more exciting things to do with a shake than a key. You know, they got a lot of horse on the wall here. Well, you know, we got more calls now that we're not on the year that we usually do over on the year. That's amazing. We have to take all those down before he comes back. Yeah. And I cornered covers crotch as we break. That's my favorite crotch. That is the bad guy. I got no strawberries. She's a bull back. I don't care what any of you guys are. Whatever. So you better. Big big red one would try to be her butler. And he's got two folks for like, man. I think she's that like important, but what is crotch. Yeah. The hotting. I think she's just a beard for pop. Oh, I'll fight around. Here's my number. He's done all those people. Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, how are you? Great. Say hi. Scott. We're all. When you can say the word shit. That's a great radio. Isn't it awesome? Shit. Shit. That's what I got to call this with that the other day. Only we were on the air. Check. Okay. Oh, that one wasn't on. No, he was on, but he heard it on hold. Well, that's great. It's explaining this. I love this. This is good. In fact, you know something. Yeah. This mode could do is show we could save the juice. He could do the show just have his 10 chronic colors call it. We could put him on a hold and we could save all the electricity. And it can hear each other. Fumble and mumble. Yeah, we haven't even covered the trend yet. Well, we're not going to do the trend on the internet. Okay. Let's wait. Let's save some great Z material in just in case you might actually get on the air. Yeah. I don't think we're getting on here. I think something got fried out there. I think it took a direct lightning hit. And I think something got fried over. But you know, even the engineer already went to lunch. He was out there for breakfast. He's already moved on. He's out of the house. All right. Engineers are permanently out to lunch. Can you imagine working? I worked on a station in Sturgis, Michigan, once in and I can't imagine going off the air. Is that their patoski? No, it's near how Indiana. Oh, my God. I grew up in Valparizo. It's near a cold water, Michigan. But in many, I can't imagine going off the air and just being off the air for hours and hours in the engineers not saying, well, here's what happened guys. You know, this got fried or the final tube blew up or something, you know? I've never seen it go over like 20 minutes. But this was a record. I play in Josh Dero. Yeah. I think so. He's a pussy. I blame him. He's right here right now. He felt up the news camera woman this morning, which is a little shot. Oh, believe me. Anybody in fact don't get too close to him. He'll feel up anything that's very close. He's not just a clown. He's the goose in the light. He tries to feel up most hairpiece every morning. I've seen that move. Yeah. He tries to give it the old squeeze. You want to change the pole while we're killing time? What is the wall? Want to do one? How about the world change it? No, we want to do that. This is this is just a dry run. I don't want to do the stuff around here. Then what am I going to have left? Hey, when you are gone, George copped it for one pole for me. I was two to one man. I was like Vegas. I was up. Six were digging me. We have no chicks. I got a lot of flame after that. Oh, we got a lot of what? Quinn. No, I'm not. There wasn't talking about that. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not going to hear. I drank some of the foulest stench coffee ever 30. I'll bring your own man. I'm going to put your own siv. Yeah, but we'll get you some great free food though. That's one good thing. Yeah. We're going to get the time now. I mean, this is unbelievable. You know, if I were you, I just get up and leave. This is over the days over. If we don't get on by five o'clock, I'm laughing. I've never seen a stage by my final clock. I mean, I've never got a few man. Like how long is it going to go on? Purple guys, I think we're back on the air. Oh, are we? We are. Let me double check. Stop saying, well, what do you mean you think we're back on your? How would you know? I got a quick call. And we call said. Nothing. We're about to be back alive. Take a good morning. What do you mean we're about to be back on your own? I think we're on like four play. Yes, we are on. I just want to hear you on the air. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, let's hear it. Thank you, Neil. I want to think my local sponsors. I want to thank the management. I want to thank the fans. It was one of the great. We love coming back to the community. The course. It's just a wonderful day for a great radio this morning. I thought, Mate, Joe, this morning by the way, Scott, too many of you heard it. Very clean Neil. I thought it was one of my cleaner shows. I'm hoping to use it as a demo tape. It was it was pristine. That's how good it was. I'm going to send it off to all the networks by the end of the day overnight. Now, you playing golf with Moses afternoon or his hairpiece. Let's just say that I doubt I'm going back to the Kujik Club for a trip anytime soon. WQAM, I am a portloader. That was nice. Yes, he was about 20 years. He's only 10, 40. It's only like about three hours. That's not too bad. I did you know Neil that George got me a bottle of jack and I drank it in two after minutes. I told you you were a lot. You're a lot. You know my grandpa used to have a Scotch every day at five o'clock and look out over the dinner coast for 30 or 40 years. So I do the same thing and George got me a bottle of jack two days. Excellent. Have you drink like a lot of diet coke? I just drink a lot of booze and coffee. The coffee here reeks like a sh. I'm sweating. I was in here this morning. A new swimmer were feeling me up. The love she was swimming at work in the station. We're working angles on me. I'm hanging with bean. He's got the hospital to ring by the way. Before you guys get to impress with Ferrell. He's got the house for somebody. I had a first show. I was all fired up. It was the greatest day in my life. I just got kicking it. So stoked. You should have seen him. He was jumping up and down and doing jumping. I mean look at the publicity. You got to look at the buildup. We did the pull on this thing. Yesterday and we had both newspapers, which is a miracle because need to one of those guys own the radio. Very jackass gets all his info from Greg and I'm a sexy guy. I was at the time. I had a pawn. His radio a couple of years ago to pay for his education. So we got people writing TV and radio don't even own radio. You got two columns and we can't get you on a year. I think I'm going out to lunch with your friend Sarnie. Are you serious? Yeah. I thought I'd show him the boat. Well, you think that picture of Moe is ugly. Wait till you see Jim Sarnie. Oh my god. He makes me look beautiful. Wow. Seriously. It's always good going lunch with a guy. It's a lot of the New Yorkers. It makes you feel better about yourself. I think you're right. There was a lot of action here today. Two TV stations. We got a lot of action. Just a lot of, there's a tremendous amount of pressure on me as you can tell. Yeah. Well tomorrow's going to be better, right? Yeah. Whatever. There you go. Now that my boss has shrunk. I mean I got to go home and get 34 c to get me back up to my flated status. Might you go got it today? Like one of the great things we discovered this morning in our little internet show. There is the Farella's a guy. Oh, that's her. Oh, I got time to go on. Q8 the dude. What is it? QM? Dude, ship me on the side of the head today. I'm done. Best debut ever. And then my day Scott. Oh, just awesome. Thanks a lot. Nice. I was good at job. And how about I get a set all morning with big fat beast. Solid man. He's just an air talking about food and booze and naked women at U.M. He's the best. Most stories too, by the way. Beep. He's already mad at me because I call him fat. I don't know what what to look at. I think he's a great guy. Wonderful. He's a big fan of the first. How about crap is he's like he shots beer at each food? I love how he doing nuts. He loves nuts. Sink of my Scott. I'm good. I'm good. I'm on. I have a great show. I'm good. I can't keep it clean. Watch out for the lightning. Oh, my god. This has been incredible. It's been a truly incredible day. A typical QAM day. It's not. Are you just making this up? That we're back on here? No, we are. And the good news is for the people who are listening on the internet. Is there were any movie to rainy? Yeah. There were a lot. Were there really? Yeah. Everybody that I put on hold after that time. He told us said why did I put that guy I hold all of those were listening on the internet. All right. And we got to say all kinds of four letter words several times. Which was very exciting. Don't talk parents that we did it though because he's a real pussy. You know, I get all of them. Okay. So let's do a break. Huh? Yeah. Let's do a fast to make up now and we got to like, uh, I don't know what we're going to do. Yeah. Do fast train. I think we can we can manage it. And then we got, um, well, we're not going to get them all in. Are we? Well, we might. Yeah. I'll get them all in. But then we got to one o'clock hour is and don't blame Philospore because it's not the water Nazis fault. It's the, uh, it's management's fault. We got like a managed hour there from one to two and it's our hours. So we got the wrong spots. We don't know what else going on. It's the typical Greg weed way. Me. Oh, you know, that a do it. Total chaos. And by the way, all our fun sponsors out there in New Zealand whether your spot ran this morning or not, you will be build and are expected to pay. 1044 at 560 WQM if you're bald and forget about fast train. That's not their bag. Sexual performance problem. Call up for well. He can help you out. Don't call fast train. But if you had a dead end job, this is the deal. Call fast train today because they can have you fully trained and ready for a new high-fanned computer career in just four short months. Call them toll-free. One, eight six six fast train. That's one eight six six fast train. They have locations in Miami. They're in Kindle. They're in Fort Lauderdale and in Pembroke Pines. So call today. One, eight six six fast train. They offer you a job placement assistance financial aid convenient evening and we can classes. So no longer should be working for like two bucks an hour working for some puts. A new career is just a phone call on four short months of training away. Jump on that fast train today and call toll-free. One, eight six six fast train or check them out on our wicked way about fast train.com. All right now. Welcome back to the Mohawk and David is showing you a more mucus association where we got a special guest journey this today. Oh no, not all the feedler again. That's Jaype feedler yet I'm scowtow and today and him eat it. Cast it. I'm even tired of dropping his day. But how is the rating party? Yeah I don't want to talk about it. What? Was it? I thought it was an all-nood rating spot. Where it's told me everybody there was going to be in the mood so I shows up naked and everybody ran on it. Yeah because your shoulders are flitted. No, he told Louair the same thing. Oh, it comes off special guest for real right? Oh, what do you know what he's saying? It's him gotta be one of the premier videos shows on the end today. Well you've got the thoughts on the bite. You guys are a fan at that. What thoughts and bites? He's talking about real show mode. Let me tell you something about your fellow Spooch offer that guy there is gayer than lifter. Well got loaded and hooded. I've missed the prawns all out in here. This is a sports station. Ah, button the top of your shirt. I'm a right to the end of that. And you've never found one of my kids? No, I need to pay. I suppose you want to rate me now. Yes. You got it. Everybody else wants me for their receptacle. Why not you? Yeah you're gone. No chance you'll best be. I actually an opportunity to and I'm about every day. I want you down. I come. That's a different kind of rate. I'll have you know I'm the king of the station and you have the four. What is the good? All he has got out of here. Hello, Mo. What's the meaning of this? Please large fellas are here to escort you outside. What? They mean a case for the kingdom of the king? Why of course, Mo. You can always count on me. Miss Carlos and Tim. Come on, Mr. Let's go. It's a puzzle. Drop that entire boat. Oh, and just one other thing before you go. 1051 at 560 WQMA Real Interesting Place. Don't forget that's our motto. We are radioish. That little lightning strike this morning, boys and girls. Have an umbrella. I guess that was the problem? I guess or bird. Or maybe a bird took a giant dump over the transmitter and we went off the air at 752 AM. Right toward the ass end of the debut of the 5-8 AM Moland Gildy Show. So for Rale who, and of course, most band occasion didn't get up real early this morning or you didn't have the stomach for it. Most bed of about 50 minutes in their second for Rale's ass so bad for Rale's said he's been have to go to the proxologist this afternoon. Unbelievable. Just sucking really, really hard. You could do this disgusting. Look at here all kinds of sounds on the air. I'm not really sure what it was. But I can envision. And I hate to write an issue, Mo. But he still can't stand you. He'd you like poison. And came in shortly thereafter once that we went off the air at 752. In fact, the whole Feral show would all have been big build up in all the newspaper articles, Jika and who's the other one and very jackass aka Greg Reed Jr. And the TV cameras winner channel 7 was there was there was there anybody else? Yeah, six or four. One day there were like two or three TV stations in there that have filmed that debut to take the debut of the Scott Feral show on the new QM Moland up. And we're off the air. Boys and girls, that's the way we do it. Absolutely unbelievable. So during that off the air period for all came in and bonded with us a little bit and just ripped Moland ass. He hates you, Moly can't stand you. In fact, he's taken a petition to get your ass tossed out a bokeh. Eric has that part that segment on the archives already I believe. Wow, that's how famous that tape is going to be. That off the air conversation. That'll be one question. I call him a pussy. I said where he lives is filmed with cheap rich old dickheads and they all are thieves and liars and they all are mobs on their head. That's a little bit of what Farah has said to me about Mo. What a giveaway. Yeah. The rest of you can go on our website. Boy, Eric must be foaming at the month. Now how did Eric get it? Because it wasn't on the air. Net. Right. The internet. What? Oh, that's right. We were still feeding back then. Is that what you saying? Are you? Are we? We were on the air but not. I mean, when we were on the air. I see the part that we did on the internet. I thought you were talking about the part where Scott came in when we were off the air. So you're talking about the filler we did on the internet. Which was how long we do that about 20 minutes? About that. Yeah, we did about a 20 minutes segment. That's on the internet. It's got all the awards that you know what love are on there because it is the internet at least at this point is still uncensored. So we figured let's give it a shot. You know? Let's throw an F and a S A and one of these and one of those and we did leave several words out though. So next time we go out the air. Right. We'll make a list. Yeah, see you next time. That was one of them. Yeah, Danit. Because he was the dimension Dorine. Anyway, here's the pouring. The pouring is out from yesterday. What a day boys and girls. What a day. I mean, this company can find more ways to screw up anything. They could screw up out a wet dream. You name it. They could mess up the Pope's outfit. Anything in a world. Because it's just to their nature. It's just the way it is. I guess they probably learned all these tricks when they're up there in the tree. Would I give it a banjo and deliverance? That's what Bob removed told me. Here's yesterday's poll result. We asked the well we're given the new QAM line. At least what it was supposed to be today. And we asked what's your take? 1590 votes. Don't care. Only list a new show. 532 33.4% a third of the audience. You turn only listen to this show. People would extraordinarily great taste. But we'd like them to spread it around a little bit because we need the numbers. Love it. Big improvement. 529 and 33.2% another. You turn. It's okay. 165. Who's more Howard David at 158. Who's Scott for Rale 116. Like the better the way it was. 61 and hated only 29. So if you had those two negative categories, there's only 5.6% pretty damn impressive. If you asked me especially for my real picky crowd like the sunflower to radio audience. Real picky real demanding. Never happy with the matter what you give. Couple of facts is here. And like what I told you before. Remember during that segment we were doing on the internet. We're off the air and the phone is just not granted. It was ringing off the call morning because we were off the air and people don't know what the f was going on. But just during that segment when we came on the internet, the phone was jammed. Right. We ought to do that every day is what I'm thinking. Never have an open line on this show if we did that. Here's the fact that says, dear Neil, my God, please I beg of you. Get the hot of that pretend radio station. The internet radio is fun. No QM blows big chunks. There's what it says here. Thank you. Listener George has a good point. Pointing again to my psychic abilities. It says you did say New York yesterday you'd prefer two hours of silence or a test pattern rather than having hairpiece Howard as your lead in your psychic powers kicking in again. Good point, listener George. I do remember saying that. Right. So you kicked it. And right underneath that facts here. Here is the full color photo. What are we going to have this new and improved mode picture with minus the hairpiece and minus the teeth. Someone told me that they couldn't scan it for me. It's not Brian and sent it to us. We can have it on top. Okay. We can have it on the edge. Yeah. Well, so many big vagina. If they could scan it for me, they told me no they could have nothing to do with that. Oh, Miguel, who's got a big vagina? A little bit of news out there for the audience. People have heard us talk about the lovely Miguel and our promotions department. And they're counted to fight out. He's the one with a vagina in that department. Well, we know what the Reigns God. In fact, I think you guys were fighting within this morning. 1057 at 560 WCM. So we're going to have some publicity on TV. And we'll find out. Heartly. Evidently. So keep till the year at local newscasts. So it'll be a real hoot. Let me tell you about a place that's a real hoot and that's brandy shoes and press these just pompino beats. This year, brandies is celebrating their 2050 or in business, which means that they've got to be doing a lot of things right because any little independent family's shoe store has been around for nearly a quarter of a century's got to be doing something right. They're not little anymore. Now they've got a gigantic 8,000 square foot mega store with over 40,000 pair of name brand shoes and stock waiting for you in your feet. All the top brands in the world. They got them all. They got rock ports, echoes, mafisto, Timberland Clark's SAS floor shyman lots more. And they give you a real good personal service to even if your feet smell real bad. Brandy's a great place to take your feet for great shoes. They were 1290 North Federal Highway in Papua, Vich Open, Daily 9 till 9 and Sundays, 10 till 5. Right now is a great time to buy naturalizers at Brandy's all this week because selected naturalizers normally 65 bucks only 2990 to 3990 right now as I speak at Brandy's in Papua Beach. Stop it or visit their website at Brandy's shoes.com. The next day is a new one. The next day is a new one. The next day is a new one. The next day is a new one. The next day is a new one. The next day is a new one. The next day is a new one. The next day is a new one. The next day is a new one. The next day is a new one. The next day is a new one. The next day is a new one. The next day is a new one. The next day is a new one. The next day is a new one. The next day is a new one. The next day is a new one. The next day is a new one. The next day is a new one. We are in the next morning. The next day is a new one. Sunday is wrong. Last night is a new one. The single day is a new four. I wonder if it's an extra month. Like a guy or something. It happens because my body is simply cooled because someone puts it in a different person's cup. The second day is a new one. River Jill Cap, from over the years. Yeah. That's it. Yeah. That's it. Well, I'm in. That's it. Well, I'm in. Yeah. That's it. Well, I'm in. Yeah. Yeah, that's it. Well, my favorite. Wow. It's very funny. It's Tom Rougat for Emcean Ali News. 11, 4, 5, 60. WWM happy Thursday too. How do you like today? View so far. That they view of the all-new and improved QAM lineup. We could screw up anything. It's a day beautiful. It is a day beautiful thing. Make no mistake about it. Here's the facts from Mike who's a little bit hostile. Why is it that the whole world seems to hate Mohour David so much? Well, we don't have to ask because we already know. We've smelt of him. We know. Mike says, uh, do you need a please pass past us on the Howard David? They're Mr. David. With all the respect that don't care for your program, I believe you are good sportscaster. However, you are a horrible program host. I don't appreciate the way you interrupt cars. No, you're poor attempts at humor. I hope you realize that your program has been deliberately moved back into the night and further into a time when there are fewer listeners. Absolutely correct. I can only imagine that the Howard David show us a byproduct of your play by play duties. You're going to have a little bit of a degree for the accept Neal style and comments as angered listeners. Please remember Mr. David that Neal has been on the year for 27 years in his market. And the only thing late about Neal is his approach to a commercial break. Once again, Mr. David, I mean, no disrespect, but I'm very disappointed. I look forward to the day you're no longer heard left to write on my radio, respectively. Mike, that's what Mike has to say, Moe. And also, what else is your announcement? Well, he went out of great lines about Moe, do you remember? Yeah, he never said, but he wants to show the world that he, you, you, too are a great combo. Yeah, me and him buddies. Yeah. He'll never have me back out there to golf. The first hallway played lightning struck the green. He turned around faster and grand the grid. Yeah. Yeah. He came in and bad mouth and just trashed him for about a half an hour this morning. And we loved every minute of it. And take it, too. And there's great on a Greg, whatever the hell his name is, Moe and the clearance running around. Oh, you better tell him you're taping him, you better tell him you're taping him. Just cool it, okay. Just take a chill you guys. We're dealing with like a real guy here. We're not dealing with somebody with thin skin, uptight, with a big gigantic fat overblown ego and hairpiece. Here's our pull question today on theorodges.com. And a reason I'm doing this pull maybe you're wondering. Remember the other day I was talking about the Showa Song graffiti on Moe All the channel? Right, I'm not wondering. It was pretty interesting. I wish I would have seen it. It was very good. Because obviously this is a visual thing. Now, I'm sure that even though you know, both of you are a little bit on a Perocule side and you haven't traveled the world as much as some of the rest of us do the limitation of funds. Right. You haven't seen some of the places like in Europe for example. It seems to me it's much more of a big thing there than it is in the US. Really? Oh yeah, an Amsterdam is like places where there are like blocks and blocks and blocks of the real big artistic graffiti. Right. Not the gang scum graffiti like we have. No, no, no. I mean you'll find some of that too, but I'm talking about real artwork which we would call. And you seem to see a lot more of that in European cities as opposed to the US where everything, first of all, everything is like so hard to write on anyway, plus to probably take your answer when putting in literature. If they can find it yet. Right. Find you. I'll find it these days. What's your take on graffiti? Is our poll question today? We got the six magnificent choices on the poll. I love to read it. I love to write it. I've never seen any. Only sick people write it. I write graffiti and drill glory holes. And this topic is disgusting. Where can I see some? What's your take on graffiti? I love to read it. I love to write it. I've never seen any. Only sick people write it. I write graffiti and drill glory holes. And this topic is disgusting. Where can I see some? Speak at a drilling glory holes. How do they do that? With it with a drill? Well seriously, stop and think about that. When does somebody find the opportunity? I'll, of course, most of you people have never seen a glory hole. I saw one once. Only once. Because the thing about them is that it's not like somebody is taking some kind of a sharp instrument and inspiration like poking and prodding at the restroom wall and in between a two-termist. Because they're always very round and like very neat. Really, the one I saw looked exactly like somebody had taken a sharp object and gouged it out. I never saw that. Well, you obviously hang out in different circles. He-why park? Yeah. Oh, I can only imagine what's hang out at T-why park. Have you ever really stopped and thought about this subject? This is an amazing, it really is. If you would have seen that movie, it would have opened up all kinds of new avenues for it. In fact, many of the T-room walls that they showed on it that were loaded with graffiti. Many of them actually did have glory holes drilled in it. That'd be covered all the different kinds and stuff like bathroom graffiti and Gang graffiti and... No, they did not. There was mostly bars, clubs. I see. Stuff like that. I mean, what else you can read? Well, that's what I'm talking about. Although, generally speaking, I'm not one of those people that takes a magic marker or my lipstick into the toilet with me, you know? Huh? I usually leave my lipstick in my bag out of the right table and make sure somebody's watching it. But no, seriously, how many people actually take a, I mean, yeah, I got a ballpoint pen in my pocket every now and then. You're quite often. But not for that purpose. In addition, which most people don't write graffiti, at least good graffiti, with a crappy ballpoint pen. Because it like, it doesn't stay. No, you know, you need the same carpy. Right. Oh, I told you that one fat broad, she was a little like Dorine. She had a big Sharpie. It's just right with, it was right with it too. I couldn't believe for Ralph Scott the hospital Dorine. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. He must be really desperate since he and his wife split up. We don't want to talk about that on the area. He told us some amazing things. His wife was Jewish. Oh, he's not. But we're so delighted to have somebody who is a guy and B is under the age of 100. Because basically our station is degenerating into a bunch of old fossils. That's what clearance pointed out. We got all these old Jews on this station. We got Neil and we got Hank. We got the more Howard David and Eddie K. All bunch of old fuzzy Jews, you know. That's good. Somebody under the age of 100 and somebody who's also a guy. And we hit the jackpot. Now if we could just get him on the ear. No, no, no, no. I know. Maybe can't have everything all at once. That's me. I was pushing for a little bit too much. We want to have a really good guy on the staff and also be able to get his show on here. So the the Ferrell on a radio debut was rained out today. Oh, and speaking of rained out. I mean, even funnier than that is if you look in the newspapers all of them. In the box score of the first Marlon Expose game at P.P Park last night. And you look at the bottom where it has the time of the game and the attendance. It says time 2 hours and 35 minutes attendance. Oh, zero. Oh, zero. I realize that weren't zero. There were more like 250 people actually showed up in the middle of the rain and what other excuses they might have had. 250 people show up for a major league baseball game and they showed here. I don't know if they showed them there because generally when they televised the local games, they're like show only the low shots because the the embarrassment factor and management doesn't want you to see the places empty. But of course this was the exposed telecast that I saw the highlights here. And they all they paned back and you see the whole stadium and it was like, then nobody's there. If there were 250 people there, I'd say at least 80 of them had to be vendors. And maybe like 40 of them were lost people from the hood and found their way home yet. I mean, and you're looking and that's got to be an all-time record. It does sometimes it'll say any. You know, not available. The attendance something like that. But this didn't say that. Take a look at it. All you mavens up there it says. Oh, the big O zero. Was the attendance at the Marlins get and there's Moana this morning going on about, wow, we need to get a new stadium. And this is a disgrace and we got a good team and they won six in a row. Nobody cares. Okay. In fact, that would be a good pull question, which is smaller. The number of people interested in the Marlins games or most audience. That's a good battle, you know, because you talk about active in difference, about massive in difference. I think there's a lot of commonality there. And he's going on about, well, we got to get to the new stadium. Forget about it. Moana ain't going to happen. Okay. Ain't going to happen. This week next week is just ain't happening. Here's a call from Boca. Hello. Pretty good. How's it going? I enjoyed that internet show you had going on today. Oh, you heard it? Most of the times you guys in blue the transmitter out that way, you have the highest ratings for the day. That's generally the story. Round of building is we think he dropped a bomb. You've been trending drop a big one. I think for a poll for tomorrow, you should be who is going to be. Who was your worst lead in? You could have a defo mo and a big habit, all the other guys. Oh, that's a good poll. I like it. Excellent. Thanks a lot, pal. We'll put our heads together. Now I'm going to swap these spots around because I really have no idea what we're doing. Apparently seven minute breaks from what I'm hearing. I bet you're pardon? That's what I heard. That's a rumor. I'm doing my best to not let that happen. But I mean, to be doing seven minute breaks first of all. And of course, I feel left out because for all that is whole two hours wiped out there. The mole only had like the last eight minutes. Yeah, it was like everything. He should have done two hours and then we could have come on and done two hours. No, and what I'm saying is that we want to be getting a 40 minutes. Like we had an early Marlon game or something. 40 minutes. I mean, that's hardly, you know, for guys like us who gets a little time on. You think that we get a little bit better break than that. But of course, once it came time for this show to be on, you can be sure that course, oh, and is engineering buddies out there working feverishly to make sure that we didn't get too much time off, you know, because that would piss them off. 1113 at 5.60 W to Q and we got a lot of long breaks today. Just bear with us. Okay, we got the Jim Manis new and improved two to four if we're on the year and Goldberg for the last seven if we're on the year. Fortal 60 in the Marlon crap, Marlon's of a spose again. They'll try it again for a big crowd. Eddie can't do the baseball game. Look at us. They still can't get away. It still says Joe and Mark, two to six on his schedule. Clarence, can you get anything right? You idiot. No. The Neil deals keep on rolling from our good piezons. Tom Lavin and Joe Pareto at Heleponti Act GMC. Here a couple of them going on right now. Neil, the O'N number one, get yourself 0% financing for 60 months on every 2003 Pontiac or GMC in stock. Neil, the O'N number two, get up to a $4,000 rebate on every 2003 GMC in stock and. Attention, current and former military personnel get yourself an additional $750 rebate from your friends at Halibut Pontiac GMC. Right now, here's a Neil and the month deal. Tom and Joe will take an additional 500 bucks off on some Pontiac and GMC's most popular models. But you better act right now because today is what? 29. And this deal is good only to the end of the month. So you got today tomorrow and whatever follows that and Saturday, three days left to take advantage of that. And of course, as always, how does got a great selection of the dependable pre-old cars, trucks and SUVs. And credit is a problem anywhere else. It's never a problem at Halibut even if you once worked with mode. And I'll still cut you deal. And Halibut Pontiac GMC, 134.01, South Dixie Highway that's US 1 across from the falls open every day. Seven days a week for more info on these great deals called the Eudio Hotline tool free. 1, AAA-534-442-11. That's 1, AAA-534-42-11. And don't forget, all Neil deals have to decredit a Proval Cv4 to towns at Halibut Pontiac GMC. And don't forget they do be professional grade. My, my, and love this is for twainl by 64-12.01, who am I? Put out some good reviews on them, we're got away. Sheldown, 20 bucks for a movie pass, a cop in some milky ways. Where the hell full of candy went through the doors of that marquille. David had a first question, what I was like as a man can beat. See, I walked in during my trips. I walked in and I couldn't have run one seat, then I walked out on the matrips. So he did hell away for the DVD. I will say one thing, because I'm reconditioning my brain to this new schedule. Recon, to this old schedule that we are redoing, thank goodness. But at any rate, so it's like 11, 14, six minutes ago, I'm sitting here looking at the clock, we're in the break. And I'm thinking, good, god almighty, we're like, this thing's almost elected. It's almost, you know, just want a clock will be here before you know it. Well, want a clock will be here and so will we. We'll still be here because we're on the two now. Back to 10 to two, do they all who you never know it from the way things are going. Here's a call from Lake Worth, hello. Yeah, I know all the technician I left the scene of the station earlier and there was a telephobom, and there was a loop of it to be a most spread where it's flying a square. Oh, we're going to wrap around the tower. Oh, Reverend Jones again, huh? Wow. Get a lot of calls about graffiti and of course that's because the people who would draw the right to graffiti and draw out of the pictures and what a russ you'd call it. They don't want their voices recognized. Or they're saying we have one of those voice letters, we could let more calls on something like this. We could pretend we had one like Rick and such did. There you go. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. What's your take on graffiti as our full question today? We have 36 votes only sick people right at 22 say that. Only sick people right graffiti. Must be a lot of sick people out there, you know? Yeah. I love to read it 14. This topic is disgusting. Where can I see some? 11. I write graffiti in drug glory holes. Why? I love to write it too and I've never seen any none. Well, that's good. That's refreshing. Okay. We have nobody who's never seen graffiti on T-Rumals especially. Although I'm trying to think of any places that you might otherwise see it. We're not talking about the artwork kind or the gang. We're not talking about that. We're talking about crafted people right and pictures they draw of breasts and penises and vaginas to all of these things. Poo-Bakir, Poo-Bakir. Poo-Bakir, huh? Poo-Bakir, lyrics. Yeah, visual poetry. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Here's Bokello. Hey, you know, the you are catch end of the man that you show yesterday? No, he did not. He was talking about something something needs to be written on his contract. Otherwise, he might not be back. I was just wondering if there was a joke or what that was going on with that. And then if I can add on another thing to your phone question. Yeah? Who's Howard Day with that deck and always is that? Okay, great. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. So it's great to be back on T-Rumals. Oh, man, you have no idea. Of course following 2,000, 40 minutes a dead air is not it's like following a Marlon game, basically. All of we should be used to it after what 17 month or 15 months of following Mo, just thinking that. We should be pretty used to following close to dead air. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line. Here's Pepper Pine, hello. There's called tagging, not graffiti, old dog. Oh, geez. Woody, Woody, all out there today and we got Reverend Jones and we got Woody. These are the same people who will listen to the aesthetic when the station is off the year. That's how lifeless they are. Jackknife tracked a trailer on 95 South and the Ives Dairy Road. All but one lane shot, traffic back to Fort Lutterville airport's as clearance. Thank you, clearance for your traffic report. You can be the next Mark Morgan, nice going, Clarence. Here's a call from Oakland Park, hello. Good morning, Uncle Neoblet, the heavy back and lead. Good morning, Mr. Owl. Back up. I was listening to the radio the other day and something struck me as strange. I never would have thought that this person might be a Democrat, but Don Schul is having a fundraiser for Bob Graham. Yeah, I don't have a friend because I never would have thought of him as being a Democrat. Well, that's true because most of the jack types coaches players, they all tend to be a right wing and very right wing. I mean, you know, all different degrees of very far to the right. Nice going, old shoes, myster. Yeah, well, anyway, I'm just glad that we got you back to this schedule. Keep me a better day in my cab from 10 to 2. Welcome back, Neil. Okay, thanks a lot, Pally. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. None of the graffiti writers will, I remember trying this a couple of years ago, the same thing. There was some other show about it or some article about it. And nobody will talk about it because they all are in denial. And that's why they only sick people right at his leading with 28 votes. I think that's ridiculous. When you're entitled to your opinion, I don't write graffiti. I do read it if I'm in the mood if I'm sitting in a public, you know, troll it, take it and dump it. But what else you're going to do? Unless you have some reading material. I mean, generally at home is where you have your reading material for sitting on the throne. And when you're out there like it, then he's for example trying to cause a flood or whatever you're doing. You don't have reading material with you. So you sit there and you're, you know, might as well do something for that. So read what these people have done. They've taken the time to try to be a little bit creative to like reach out and express them. And to try to communicate with the rest of the world. Is that what these people are trying to do? Yeah, sure. I don't want to psychoanalyze them or anything like that. Psychoanalyze, but it seems to me that these people are trying to like reach out and pass along some kind of a message. Now the ones, of course, that are hovering at over the glory holes there. They're trying to reach it out. And extend like I said, the wander friendship. Well, since the, the one that I saw didn't have any graffiti associated with it. I don't understand that that's normally the case. What glory holes like a glory hole. Does it have a sign or something around it like arrows like insert here or something like that? I don't think it generally needs a road map. That's what Ariel Shiron told me. It didn't do any road map to know where to do with a glory hole. That's what he told me. Oh, I, you know, I was right. Look at this. There's nothing on the board. There's absolutely nothing going on here right now. We were, we were that. Huh? After that great morning. Right. And what I said before was true when Farell was on with this. We're going to have more calls now when we're doing this internet thing. We're not on the ear than we were on the ear. This is unbelievable. This is the typical soft Florida cold shoulder man. It's enough to make you crap your pants with a without the graffiti on a wall. Man, what a bunch of losers. 26 past 11 at 560 W to QM. Are you bald? Don't call fast rain. They can't help you out. If you have sexual performance problems, go get some of that. But if you're in a dead end job, these are the folks you want to talk to because fast rain can have you fully trained and ready for a new high-pain computer career in just four short months. Call them tool free at 1-866 fast rain. They've got locations in Miami, Kendall Fortlottorale and Pembroke Pines. Pick up that instrument right now and call these good folks. There's no obligation. They'll explain it to you. How you can get out of your dead end job. 1-866 fast rain. And don't forget fast rain offers you job placement assistance. Financial aid can be entertaining a weekend classes. No excuse to stay in the dead end job one more minute. And your new four careers just at phone call in four short months away. Jump on a fast rain that ain't called tool free. 1-866 fast rain or check them out on that web at fastprane.com. This is Fortlottorale, 560 W to QM. I urge everyone to complain to this station. I'll just listen to the loud. I'll go to the station. Watch the board of the day. I'll go to the board of the day. I'll go to the board of the day. I'll go to the board of the day. I'll go to the board of the day. I'll go to the board of the day. I'll go to the board of the day. I'll go to the board of the day. I'll go to the board of the day. I'll go to the board of the day. I'll go to the board of the day. I'll go to the board of the day. I'll go to the board of the day. Let me go to the board of the day. You're the other! Let go of the board of the day. How good is this buy to the governments here? Take person to Lush River, next Friday we're going to see thanks for hanging ter Irals there. I join Jueson's community. My mother would cook their food. Homemade beef soup. Welcome to our turning relay station. I have my pillow in some days by time run low and I'll stand here still in the glory I'm 33, oh, it's nobody at all and that's what I had to bear. I hope he knows enough of the brushless tea. I can't wait to get away, isn't it too early to eat? I'll have a hell of a night no more. I'll just walk as if the bottle's too little, or any morning or any more. I'll go on. I'll have a 33 at 5.60 WQM happy Thursday too, whether you're like it or not. Sounds like a bunch of unhappy people down there, you know? Can't imagine why, just because it's got what you have about 30 inches of rain. Right, on last three days. That's why it goes sunny and beautiful here at sunny and 70 right now. Oh, it was only supposed to be 72 or 3, but since it's not even noon yet today, I would be surprised we'd make 75 that day in Tio. Friends came out yesterday, nothing really exciting, you know? I don't want to bore the audience with all these numbers because they don't change all that much. We went up on a show a little bit in men, a little bit. Moe was pretty flat, dropped about a tenth of a point. We didn't know major change. Hank went down a little bit, a little tiny bit. No big changes. Power 96 kicks that ass. WI would kick that ass because of course this was a February March in April including the month of the war. Remember the war? What war? Yeah, exactly. Well, one I was real quick. Quick and painless and very well orchestrated on TV. A lot of heroes. So there's too much change there. Power kick dance like I said, gigantic book. One of us party radio is there disappearing. They're disappearing. You're falling off the edge of the mat. Remember that horrible day when somebody had a lot of mention PD Lenny, I think it was. Put you up to putting Disney on here with me. That's my opinion. I'm like Disney. Remember that? Right. And he was gloating and he was trying to push that thing about wow, power has got all these spots. You know, they were running all the knocking power, but in the meantime, people got tired of the stupid promos and they said, well, where's the beef man? Where's some good music that we want to hear? And so now the party's over. That's my opinion. I'm like Disney. At car's broadcasting. It's a bomb. Okay. So we've had two bombs drop today that want to have more dropped evidently on the transmitter. The problem was a setup deal. Right there just before when Ferrell was going to come in. And of course that's the kind of thing the old man would do, you know? And then say, oh, it was a lightning hit. You know, the hint you see to whether it's a terrible out there was a lightning strike. I don't believe it. I can read the fine figure of Moe in there or maybe maybe, Lourry maze into people a cheap channel. Ah, as a way to get back at a sabotage our plans to break this great new line of a horse. It's only postponing the inevitable guys. Ferrell will be honored tomorrow. 8 a.m. right after the molemeister. And by the way, we're committing. He hates you. Yeah, we'll have the, that, we ought to sense it as a sports station. Put the schedule in newspaper, Ovene. With an extra risk, whether permitting like the Marlon games, where the attendance was. Oh, here's pepper pines. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. I get that jeans to go before about D'you look. Couldn't figure it out. The Bob Dramas is landlord for Christ take down here on my amygph. Yeah. Where's he going to endorse? He probably used behind the disrupt. And he's got to endorse Graham. Okay. Great. 5.6705.60 pound 5.60 on the AT&T. and Verizon wireless line. Like I said, well we had a great show on the internet. I think I'm gonna scrap the... I'm not serious. I'm gonna scrap the QAM thing and I'm just gonna go on the internet. Alright. I'm hiring my own sales department. And just we'll just do a show on the internet. Say bye bye Greg. It's been nice, but my hand really been all that nice. I'm going to the internet and you use whatever to help language you want and you can talk about whatever you want and say anything under the sun and not have to like, you know, all the tippedo on egg shells all the time. Right. That's where it's at. On the goddamn internet. We had a phenomenal response. And now it's, uh, you hear what it is? Yeah. Simple crap. Here's plantation. Hello. Hey, I don't pal- Okay, pal- Two things. We'll maybe three. Number one. About eight minutes, eight minutes, eight or maybe even 20 to eight. Uh, Schmog is given, uh, you know, introduction to the new gentlemen coming on. He's like, give it a moral. He's like, you know, make him his pal. He's like, you know, he would never say anything. It could about you or anything. Right. Now, like, he's looking for an ally. See, he's alienated. Everybody else in the building. That's why we're so amusing that once the transmitter took the end, we went off the air for welcoming and we were talking for about a half an hour off the air and he just ripped Moan ass. I mean, just tore into him like, you're creating hates him like poison. Right. Also left. In an, an addition to where she'll find this most amusing. Mo, see the reason that he did that, he brought him in on the show is to try to convince management that the two of them would work great together. So he's trying to get out of that, uh, late in the night thing that they're shutting him back further into oblivion. He's trying to like work his way back to the original schedule and prove to them that he would be great with, uh, for real. Of course, obviously, he failed because number one for all hates him like poison. Number two, nobody is on with for real. Because once he starts talking to you, he'll get in one word. Otherwise. Yeah, he's actually like you, but he still has a way to go. But our last night on a news, Jackie Johnson was given oral to a, uh, carried into it right notchers. Yeah. And that's one thing. And also, uh, need to get as a pay to see that. Yeah. And also, um, the thing with the cruise lines and the, uh, the newspapers down here, you know, they, they kind of had all that money years ago to write how they'd be gambling was no good because they were getting the soft money, you know, the night later people and whatnot will get the soft money about don't vote for gambling down with the way all these ships are registered in other countries. And they'll wait to scam the way the, uh, inspections go went. That was a sad thing with those people, you know, with the boiler. How can you steam for an, I mean, it's unbelievable. You said to sad thing, how about all the people who had raped on those ships and the fires they have, I mean, you're taking your life into your hands. And I, I just, I gave up trying to talk to people out of go on because people have this morbid fascination with going on these cruise ships. It's one of the biggest scams going anywhere. And the idea that anybody's going to make any money gambling or any real money gambling on those ships, you know, those, uh, they cruise their way to become. It's a joke. It's a fast and they're big part of the reason why we don't have gambling in Florida and have a great day. Thank you. Five cents. You don't want to do a stand-worth hammer thing. Go through that whole rehash. Because it, it, it, it, what's the point? There's no point in that. Not going to happen. You're not going to have casino gambling in Florida because you got a bunch of blue nose, uh, Bible thumping right wing, mudwamps who run the state. And then, of course, you got all those right wing assholes in there. And that's, uh, and that's, uh, and you got Mickey or something. And you got to Bahamas crowd, of course, too. The Bahama crowd. Yeah, because if we ever had casinos in No. South Florida, put them out of business in five minutes. Who want to go over there and get treated like crap? Well, by the way, don't forget about our contest. That's not good timing, huh? Why don't? Seriously, the hot couple's contest number three. It's up on our pool right now. I guess we don't have any new entries yet, huh? That as of today, I just checked. I'll be damned. Well, you guys better get with it. Thursday, June 15th, or whatever day that is. I'm trying to extrapolate from the previous one on June 15th. What day the week is that? We're checking out. Uh, uh, uh, is there really something? I like I said on Sunday June 15th. Monday June 16th pictures will be up on the web of voters to choose their favorite of all their pictures that we get. And then on the following Monday, the 23rd, a couple of the most votes wins. And the first prize is three day two night stay for two of the royal races resorting to seeing who in a Bahamas with the round trip airfare on Lake Error and we just love the Bahamas doing. Oh, well, I mean, it prices right. You have a good time. And then we also have dinner for two of the pizza lofts. One of the other prizes. And maybe another prize, but we don't know. But in the meantime, you can get the email as a picture of yourselves, with your significant other to neo-roaches.com, and get the goddamn ball rolling, okay? No pictures yet? No. Jesus Christ in the... Hey, I don't want to say it. I don't want to put myself into a negative twer frame of mind, because yesterday, yesterday, I left this seat at one o'clock on a high and even mad dog talked about it. I was on top of the world. And leave it to the South Florida thing. And then, of course, this deal with either the sabotage or the lightning strike. Whatever happened to the transmitter and our whole new lineup they've viewed today getting thrown out of the kilter. This is just the South Florida effort. And what it is, man. Five, a new local, this is five, six. Three years old, you're the... A HUGE IN! PURCH! PURCH! Isner? Oh, yes? Mouse! Oh, Mr. Mouse, good morning, how are you, sir? I'm not good, isner. Oh, you're not feeling well, sir? I'm watching the television. The ABC 50-year reunion special? Special? Oh, what an amazing special. What a night to remember. Yeah, night to remember for you. How many times were you on camera? I don't know. I caught it 75. Oh, really? It was all about you. You make well, maniac. You've only been with a company. I've longed 10 years or whatever. And you rented it into the toilet. What did you think of my speech, sir? I thought I was terrible. You're awful. Why did I give the speech? I'm a person. I am the president of CEO of the company. I thought I was... Yeah, I'm idiot. Well, we did have some major talent. I mean, we had a chance of all the Tim Allen. Oh, Tim Allen. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, he must flee. Oh, oh, luncher. Just about 1 second. Just about 1 second. No, no, no, no, no. Oh, is that? No, no one. It's just helping you to say about Tim Allen. That, that are not the remix. No, no, no, no, no. He called in six today. Oh, that's... I got paperwork up to my bidiers. It's remissin' this. Hold him on. No, no, sir, so you were saying Tim Allen? I am on. Is that remiss? Yes, sir. Put him on a phone. Remiss, remiss, remiss, remiss. Stop that, remiss. Oh, boss. What'd you say? What'd you call him? Who's this? What do you mean, who's this? Oh, oh, oh, oh. Hey, you don't look. Did I get you to call eyes? They're boss. Who's your boss? Who's your boss? You're my boss. I'm your boss. You're my boss. Remiss? Yeah. Why aren't you here today? You called in sick. I'm taking some lost time. You know, like, siblings does on the, I mean, what, PD Blue? Lost time. You're working, remiss. I've done tons of things for you. I paid for your rehab, didn't I? I'm a mean to talk to you about that, boss. I got you off a quiet remiss. I need a little reflection, boss. Okay, I want remiss. I'm almost done here, boss. What are you doing over there? What does he call you? I'll call you, baby. It's a beautiful, boss. I'm not going to call you, baby. Hold on. Are you, is he? It's a... Oh, you're closing. Well, it's been very stressful these days, you know, with the false schedule and everything getting ready, I've been very stressed. You don't need a jacuzzi in your office? You're terrible! What stress? Okay, I'm reading the room. I do we have Tim Allen. Well, Tim Allen, a major star for the company. Thank you. Oh, Star, he hasn't even had a show for years. I mean, sure, first of us funny all the neighbor with the mansion, you couldn't see his face. And Tim Allen, maybe all of them. Hmm. The climbing noises, but come on. Well, he is Santa Claus. I mean, two hits Santa Claus movie. What? What? Fire him? Fire him? Fire, fire, fire. I'm trying to tell him. But I can't speak. Fire him. Tell him. It's over. I'm talking to him. Good. Tell him. Tell him. Remus. Mr. Mouse is talking to you. He's looking. I'm no doctor. I can't even read. Not doctor. I'm talking. I forget it. I want to lose her. Hey, man. I love him 50, 10 to noon at your Mickey Mouse Station QAM. How many votes we got on a pool on a graffiti thing? 154. What's your take on graffiti? Only sick people write it. 52. Boy, there must be a lot of sick people out there. You know what? Yeah, thank goodness. God. Thank God. We don't have any of menace audience. This time I'm just discussing. Where can I see some of the 36? I love to read it 28. I write graffiti in jewelry. It's filled with the whole 27. Boy, no one of them can call us their busy. I've never seen any five and I love to write it for. Oh, come on. You've never seen any graffiti five people in the Saudis have never seen it. Do you believe that? No. I mean, some of you folks, I know that it's self-floating. You need a very sheltered life, but come on. Anybody that's ever been to any kind, like a bar, a club, a restaurant, a restaurant, anywhere. Any kind of a public tea room, or even sometimes otherwise, like in a park just on walls, you know, How about at the office, like right here? At the office, what? You mean in the tea room? Right. Do we have graffiti on the walls in there? Not yet, but hey, there's a great idea for you. Take your Sharpies out. Guys and girls are QAM. Yes, start discraping it. There, what's with the menu, Motivate? Here's the facts from Ron and Jupiter says, funny how the beeslies can swallow the fact that one of their big money broadcastes has been demoted with no pay cut. And another town has been added to the payroll, but poor Pesitman George can never get his bonus. And you thought I was kidding me that day when I fixed slides suggested transmit or maintenance in the morning. Right on target Ron, you got your thumb right on it sweetheart. Transmitter maintenance for two hours. I think it's going to be real interesting tomorrow at about 752, 755 to see if we have like another storm that just passes by our transmitter and just like go off the air again tomorrow. Wouldn't that be something, huh? That'd be something. Because I'm starting to really wonder who that was behind that. Somebody I think stopped the bomb on that transmitter. Somebody done a sin. Somebody who's really pissed off and frustrated over the fact that we finally got a line up that looks like we might make some inroads and make some real progress. Here's a call from Margate, hello. Good morning. Yes sir. Uncle Neil. Yes, I am. Oh good. Got your back. A couple things. George and Carlos, is nice job in your absence. I think the Scott's girl thing sounds like a winner. What's a little bit I've heard of him. Yeah. Indeed. And something, I don't know if you are familiar with this, but he's photos of the Pentagon from 9-11. Unbelievable. I'm just wondering if we perhaps maybe some of your listeners are familiar with this or maybe it's a hoax. But there's a, I don't know if this is a station out of Missouri. The power hour dot com 9-11 update. Unbelievable. These photos in the hoax is our government's perhaps perpetrating on us. And with that, we'll host there, in other words, the towers are still there that we're saying. No, no, no. What I'm saying is that what they're saying is that there's no way that a Boeing 757 could have crashed into the Pentagon. And we look at the photos and it's unbelievable. Okay. What's the website? It's the power hour dot com. Okay. Cool. Thanks, Pally. I'm done. All right. He's done. 560, a very marginal response. Although I noticed the phones were flashing like crazy, but being a boy is probably busy trying to like redo the spots here. I'm making a cease for you. Huh? Well, no, no, see, there's something I don't understand. I, you, you, you said, seven minute breaks. And I thought to myself, well, wait a moment now. Yeah. Because all we missed was two breaks on this shirt. That's all we missed. Now, if you're going to tell me that they're going to make up show. See, people who buy morning drive from six to 10, weren't buying 10 to two. They weren't buying midday. That's what you think. Oh, that's what they thought. So, in other words, what we're doing is we're putting a scam here. And we've got poor beater boy in there, tried like you. Because, I mean, seven minute breaks. Based on what we missed two breaks. So, I'm thinking like, you know, a couple of them. We got some short breaks as it is. Just, right, who's right along, you know? Not a QA, man. The old scam, older continues. We'll have people that thought they were buying morning drive. All of a sudden, they're on the new Roger show. Oh, wow. I mean, I can understand if they were running our OS, you know, run a station time. We don't have a whole lot of those. I don't think, you know. Right. They are apparently right now. I see. So, in other words, if you didn't get on between 752 and 1040 this morning, look at John sometime. It might be about 213 in a morning. Right. And you'll like it. And you'll like it. And you'll pay the bill. That's the most important thing. You'll pay it and you'll like it. Okay. And you'll be honored. What do you laugh about? You'll be honored to be, uh, having us run your commercial, or at least pretend that we ran your commercial here on QAM. And by the way, how'd you like some free mentions too, while you're at it? Huh? Look at Neil and Hank and, uh, Feral and the Moll Mystu, to mention your business six thousand times a day. But just sign right here on the dotted line. Okay. We're going to promote like crazy. Just like that promo that Sam made that with him. Remember? How can I forget? Can't bitchen me out. How come he's not reading that promo for whatever the hell it was? And then come to find out they never gave us one. But that's just nitpicking again. I got some bad news about Amsterdam coming. Not just the fact that it sucks. I'm going to the worst story. Did you see the story that I factged? Which one? That's all mom. Bad trip ahead for Dutch joins. Oh, joins. Yeah. What's up with that? The last nail in the freaking coffin. What the hell? We're supporting you five six times. You a.m. Look at and stick it. Well, I got no choice. Because I'm a boy. It's my court voice. I suppose my court. Well, tonight's the lucha. If you give it a hand. When I fight, use it as a baseball bat. I chew. Oh, no. Oh, no. I chew. Oh, no. I chew. Oh, no. And I swear that. I chew. Oh, no. Yeah. Really? Yeah. Oh, no. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. See you around your favor. Oh. Oh. Well, I got no place. And I got no principles. And I got no intelligence. Just back down on the line, mind. But you lose out. Oh, so that. All right. I chew. Oh, no. It. I swear that. I. And so. Oh. Please. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. But. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh, no. No. Oh, oh, Perez. Oh. So, because I'm growth it's still modified. No. It's me who hasn't mentioned it at all. Oh, a passion, you know. I just know is so it's i lead of it and it's good to understand it based on it. It's an old genius. It's a Check from... Because it's my family, a couple of months, and something's interested. Some ah, just a question of question. It is like a researcher. So, it's my family, a couple of months. What's going on there? Dutch coffee shops famous for selling cannabis are about to see business go up in smoke Oh Officials have just put the finishing touches to a measure banning smoking and cannabis selling cafes Do to get government approval soon the law aims to protect employees all companies from passive smoking So there we go with that crowd again If it's not the Peter people it's the passive smoking or if it's not the mad Older housewives Mothers against a life Any coffee shop that has employees will be affected too said 2D prints director of Dutch anti smoking groups the Voro Although cannabis is formerly illegal in the Netherlands. It's use and sell are tolerated under strict government conditions coffee shops Where customers can buy a small amount of cannabis without fear of arrest are a major tourist draw Coffee shop owners were a guest The whole point of going to a coffee shop is the smokes at arjan roscan chairman of the union for cannabis retailers You know what they're gonna outlaw next Sex coffee Just make sure you don't go to the coffee shop. I'll cut that caffeine in it. You know The Netherlands boast around 800 cannabis cafes smoking a joint in the Amsterdam coffee shop Vise with canal boat tours and trips to the flower market for a place on tourist itineraries Honey, I like that so there's one final day limit coffin and that should be the final blow to convince you Was having tried to tell you since I've been back these last few days do not waste your harder money going to amish the dom It's History Was great bottleized in Arizona, baby I guess so you waited too long yeah, oh well although our alvela to use the apartment 567.0560 pound five 60 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line don't forget our brand new line of starts tomorrow Weather permitting here's my any hello Miami Yes, sir You know want to put up the feet on your ass You're fucking oh god 567.0560 pound five 60 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line like I said it only takes the 24 hours or less For the south Florida crowd to bring you down from your state of euphoria into their state That penis you'll on a map that hanging drooping disgusting thing the state of euphoria Yeah, that's the one here's Miami. Hello Yes, sir, are you here me? I hear you? Good, I'm under like a down for I just want to make a comment on what that guy called earlier about the Pentagon Remember that he was saying about it might be a scam It was never hit by a building or whatever He was hit by a plane. I'm sorry that came up like How do you go on another website called And the theory behind the world that they were trying to cover it up See the ledgerly a suicide bomber and a truck just go right up to the Pentagon and hit it and that would have been so embarrassing Such a lack of security so they're allegedly that was the cover Well, let me ask you this if that's the case what happened to the plane at the disappeared Right, that's the one part can't really entrust too much, but I see you know The pictures are interesting. Yeah, the pictures make you wonderful what happened to the plane? You know, it's like Little inconsistency wasn't that the one that Barbara Olson was on one at the went to West of Pittsburgh and then turn around when back That that's the one Yeah, yeah, and I know you said maybe it just took off. They picked up our bell and they just took off in outer space And another quick thing. I don't know if you're familiar with this little fact, but I think I share with you You have favorite all kinds Randy rep Yeah, there's a next hurricane baby Well, that that answers all the questions ahead Play baseball for the universe for the man. He's from seven And man is he ugly Okay, oh, hey man. Okay. Thanks for the bad news, pal. Yeah, so that plane just disappeared and it was a truck job a truck suicide bomber don't forget the UFOs and the UFO and maybe art belt on it In fact, maybe art bell since he ain't on the air anymore. Maybe he's the one that screwed up our transfer to this morning, huh? Hey, no, I think one I will think done it myself Maybe Petey Volder was out there dealing with our transmitter Keep in a great for a lot of the air Seriously the time that we did on the internet there those 20 minutes was so much more enjoyable than what the this this usual crap that we're going through again now. It's very sad so sad We'll get somebody before two o'clock. We'll have somebody call in an admit to writing graffiti somewhere sometime sometime in your life I'll admit it I'm not like one of those professional graffiti writers, but I don't remember even what that was Well, I do remember one time writing somebody's phone number on a wall. Yeah, remember that and a proud of it for a good time Yeah, and I also remember responding in other words. There was a message in somebody wrote and I responded like Whatever I wrote, you know, yeah because the message moved me to I want to respond. I want to make a statement You had a movement I had a movement and I wanted to make a statement. No, it should please you to know Yes, but in my favorite beer bar the billbong in Hellendale there's a lot of pro Neil Neale graffiti on that bathroom wall Is there really yes, there it's well, we're gonna hell our all those people issues. I'll never call me They're there having a beer Somebody wrote it. See that's what I'm saying somebody wrote all that stuff that you read Whether you think it's grotesque whether it's filthy or it's sick whatever you think it where are they? I guess maybe the busy writing it and drilling or Pretty old or he holds oh my god. You got to go to black and decorate before you take a dump. I guess that's where it's at I'm gonna be a little bit obvious to walk into a public tea room and have like a Power drill after your arm. I guess maybe you bring it to your satchel. Huh. I think they have to use a whole song Because that's the thing now as you travel around this seems to be more and more of a thing I used to think it was like a fact thing and other guys like with a fanny pack Right, but now everybody in their brother seems to have especially in Europe they have What do you call those damn things they're like travel sacks right Strap over their shoulder under their armpit up their ass. They got their sack, you know And got only those what's in their sack maybe they got their black and decorate super power You know whatever they got in there. I know what they got in there water pipe No You're at see Europe says to have that crap with a drug crap even an answer to them are cleaning up from that That's the way they would the past okay? It's over with now all that drug stuff is or except here in Canada Oh No, it's interesting. I mean we also we got a little SARS problem and we got you know that one mad cow and a few other We got some West Namos Qtis but other net It's probably they were moving were progressing and I love the fact that the young crutch in again the other day Basically called bushyabbozo, you know not in so many words and talk about the gigantic budget deficits and all these all of these things Which it turns out now that $350 billion tax cut is really gonna be over a trillion dollars over the next ten years They're doing it with mirrors just really saying and A public continues getting sucked along and sucked along. They're oblivious They've got the perfect crowd man. I only wish that we could orchestrate the perfect audience for whatever crap or spew on Ishower today because we're doing something wrong. I mean we're doing okay, but man to see the way that they're sucking into public with a lies in a bullcraft It's just amazing how many gullible stupid Unsuiticated people are out there and you want to call most of them what American oh Probably it's past noon at five 60 WQM the home of the seven minute break See if I wanted to be really porky if I'm gonna be real pain in the ass I could put a stop to this right now These long breaks because it's written in in granite that there's only 60 minutes of spots per hour on this show See what I'm saying why no it is written Just like Daniel in the di-dions land it is written But I'm not gonna be a hard ass because they're paying me a few bucks a little while care In fact, you know something if they want to run 50 minutes of spots an hour. That's good with us. Oh Let's talk and that's right. Let's work less work more pain. That's what we like just just like the Humper And a lot more cash That's where it's at straighten these measly bastards out in a heartbeat before we show the naked pictures of the beeslies with that Billy goat and Bob Formuth Well, he's gonna really be upset about that story about the coffee shops Cuz he never got to go to Monnet first go around. He was too busy on the phone. He was too busy on the phone trying to get the phone line fixed That breaks my heart that he just didn't have a really good time and Amsterdam 1213 at 5.60 WQM You know memory yesterday you said that Troy Stratford was vaccine me new copy a little additional stuff for your Charles offery Right didn't happen Didn't happen Troy to didn't happen you see so maybe the transmitter had a problem this morning Maybe we were off the air for two hours and forty some odd minutes 48 to be exact But the fact that a matter is that the people in that place they're like in they're like on a treadmill They're fear moving but they're going nowhere nothing is happening at QA You know we got a new line up now we're supposed to have like a whole new altitude about life But nothing changes because we have some people refuse to you know to do it to bring it forth Bring it forth for you idiot Bring it forth you bolt headed geek Anyway, it's been going to bolt headed if you've got a hair ahead like a trust transferred In other words, you don't have any or if it's vanishing if you got a big ugly ball spot You know what you can do you Do we have that picture up yet the most special Not'll be up soon. Oh, well, I can't wait. Are you guys that are getting more and more vanishing here when you take a look at that most special Sans muskrat Then you'll really understand why you need to see Chuck Alphiary because when your hair is vanishing You look older you look bad you look ugly or worse than usual and it's not the way to go if you want to get some action You want to get ahead in life For over 25 years Chuck Alphiary has been peddling his natural hairline system and it's the best That's why even the people the big shots with a big buck's photo Charlie because no matter how much money You've got you can't get a better more natural looking head of hair If you don't want that muskrat you don't want the holes in the head You don't want the dangerous pills You want a real great looking head of hair that looks like the real thing like it's growing out of your scalp as opposed to fell out of the sky on top of your head If you imagine your rages when you call you get next to a 200 bucks off the regular price of the natural hairline system So do yourself a favor and get yourself some great looking hair a call and suck Alphiary call toll free 1-800-321-2413 I think when you see that picture on our website later on it will inspire you to make the call 1-800-321-2413 A log out of their prestigious website at Charles Alphiary.com Bro right wing not see Republic in mother St. Demoni is pony to winter in their own mother's Alphiary gonna save that when it comes to your bag if they bake your board that tray Right wing not see Republic in mother Well, you just ain't enough just have right feeling the airways with hatred the radio was permeated with the likes of Dr. Lauraville and Reyn Michael Reagan They call the clear channel cost a clearly out to make the message clear The right wing not see Republic in mother They're all right wing not see Republic in mother For all the table talking idiot to food and get any Summer That are married to whatever they are told to believe and worship Georgia's their king Right wing not see Republic in mother Well, the Della cracks the crack that paints like a child's at a scary movie Apped every month call up who should go home and shut up, but he don't have a clue what he's doing The Della cracks have a death wish when it comes to the sky Who they will run and you can color them done if they run joe either Right wing not see Republic in mother Boy Right wing not see Republic in mother Who get a dignity if it is a thematicity The juicy horror Just remember what I said when it comes in your bag if they bake your board that tray Right wing not see Republic in mother They're all right wing not see Republic in mother Or all the table talking idiot who didn't get it 12.22 and 5.60. Nobody QM welcome to our debut day of the new format Called being off the year for a couple of hours. I tell you one thing I thought I was gonna feel a lot better about for well being the lead in Well, I already feel he left it let us down today No, too. I was almost like he didn't do a show. Yeah, I feel like he was kind of a weak lead in today So Scott if you're still listening which I hope not for your sake, but if you still are I'll butcher up a little bit tomorrow a couple of notches because this was pretty weak 233 votes on a poll. What's your take on graffiti? Only sick people right at 84 you know just on the surface of it that is so ridiculous to me Why do you have to be sick to write graffiti? Maybe when they read the question they're thinking about all that gang graffiti even though you explained it on the air That's not what they're thinking about they know what we're talking about on T-room walls Okay, restroom walls and Barroom stalls and whatever else you know and maybe on somebody's balls Huh, but seriously, what what does that mean only sick people write at 84 votes? That's by far it away leading In other words because other people do something that I don't that makes them sick. I mean I'm not into that But it is it's interesting. It's part of life. It's what some people do they're sitting in there Nothing else to do they want to make a message. They want to send a goddamn message like Joey Zaza gonna send me a message right 51 people say this topic is disgusting work and I see some 49 say I love to read it. Well, at least that's the breath of fresh air. I write graffiti in in drug glory hole 37 That's from the Home Depot crowd I've never seen any eight and I love to write it 7. I hate people never seen any graffiti God There is something really in the air you can smell the net town. I'm so glad. I'm so delighted So, but do you think of that answered in story? I think it's disgusting and nauseating and tragic and you mark my words that that's the start That's only the beginning next. I'll be cracking down on the red light district I want him to be wanting to make changes there and to make it smaller and to cut a weight down or Will it made it all together who'd I'll know is? That is a city in in the midst of self-destruction self-immolation there. They're just destroying themselves And it didn't take long for the word to get out because boy there wasn't anybody there You could go bowling on a goddamn cobblestone streets Here's a call from Davy. Hello. You know why I like writing graffiti in theavages? Is that a crazy Here's a call from Weston. Hello. Hey. Yes, sir. Hi. You know what? You need your feet for territory. You know, gang. They got to know who we're there. You can't you can't just go in there. We're nuts And uh, get the golden sandstone. Go, boys 560560. I think we touched on a topic here today that's a way out of the our audience don't get it. Well apparently Huh This is not in there a repertoire at least they would like us to believe that there there much their much better than this This is something that only degenerates like Neil and George and Bonerboy. How about Bonerboy ever written angry fetie written no Not a word not one word. Well you better get with it. But good little beater You better get with it. You read it though. You've read it. Oh, yeah. You've seen some Yeah, so the thing to think to me that's where he said is when you go into a like a brand new restaurant But obviously they spent a Fortune on all beautiful new one a very fancy restroom the whole deal And then you sit down in the throne and you look around and it's just that doesn't look good, you know? No, although it has to start somewhere Well But I and wait till the place gets run down a little bit first, you know Well, you put a toilet start breaking and before play the place starts getting a little bit on the Smurmy side. That's no fun 567.0560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and for Ryan's Memorial Slime. I thought I was going to be so Extetic to be back on from ten to two, but actually we are at on ten to two It's ten forty to two. Although a one o'clock. I will give you a little preview. It's so water to two Hour because even though we have many of those that then always seem to me to be the definitive one right now We do have some other interesting ones that will be using a days to come like Oh my favorite Republic is this is my drug at its time for the excuse me uploading It's time once again for the Neil Rogers one to two hours And I'm sure that this week is listening right now. Oh boy. Don't hold a grud drug God right now. This is Pope John Paulillins and if he asks me We only think more fun than playing grad ass with this wish guy is the Neil Rogers one to two I appell this is Rosie O'Donnell and the clock on my stomach says it's the Neil Rogers one to two hour and the way we go Funny how Rosie sounds so much like mo these days, you know, I've ever seen together. No, never seen together Here's a call from Pompano Beach, hello Good afternoon, Neil. Yes, sir. Yes, I've regarding where CD actually So that is mine was but quite a bit of it is very informative. I mean I saw something the other day that said Don't see of the government hates competition and You know, that's more more information you'll get a most news broadcast these days. Uh-huh, but You know, it really it's first it's a matter of expression and again It depends who the artist is so that's very good some of it isn't worth the you paint that's used to predict Have you ever written any oh, yeah, sure I have I get the New York City I mean it's almost hot for them up there Right, let's see yeah, that's maybe soft float is a little bit too uh, I don't know Too out of it this out of the mainstream that that could be but that you know You were touching on something earlier about the president administration and it's really amazing It's me how um here's an administration that talks about supporting the troops and yet now they're cutting their G i benefits for the next 10 years with coincides with nobody cares my friend. I've talked about it to Lamble my and I'm the face nobody cares It's amazing Neil really is I mean if people and I know that are very well educated don't Seems to get it either, but you know down the road. They'll be crying with the if there's something that they used to having it just isn't there anymore Anyway, you have a great day always a pleasure talking with you. Thanks a lot, paling. Okay, bye. See ya Marsal a moment fights to keep on fail for drivers license photo. I'm over the guy to call yesterday about the camel jockey Carver that was bad. Yeah, I'll love him. He had a point Orlando experts in Islamic lobbying called to testify in the loss of of that Muslim woman fighting for a state order to take off her veil for her driver's license photo Soltena Freeman 35 says Florida's insurance insistent on photographing her face Violates her religious rights to which we say bullshit I know I'm veiled because it would be disobeyed my lord pre-mintestified to the at the start of her non-jury trial Assistant Attorney General Jason Vale argued that having an easily identifiable photo in a driver's license is a matter of public safety It's the primary method by identification in Florida and the nation veil said I don't think there can be any doubt There is a public safety interest Freeman's attorneys argue that state officials didn't care that she wore a veil and her Florida driver's license photo until after 911 attacks An allegation to state denies This is about religious liberty. It's about whether this country's gonna have religious diversity So how are it marks an attorney for the ACU of Florida Voteside plan to call experts in Islamic law the trial was continues Let's see well what the hell day does this from this is from today's website CNN and it's just continues Wednesday This thing maybe over for all we know I scolied CNN I think I just saw it earlier court TV showing it still going on her piece What's on court TV it was it has been Well, let me take a puke. Okay, okay, but I know I forgot where well, let me take a look play a lot If that was some time ago But nothing quite with these packs Yeah, yeah, yeah It's a jury on no, oh no, oh no, you won't believe who that is Or does that have to be agreed upon by the two of you? Well, it's a case for a junkie for leave so it's always It's that's bits that's not Larry King every night the fucking bitch and cigarettes. Yeah, that's the one He was Had there been an issue to go to a jury He could do you think this is better tried or better handled by a judge as opposed to a jury I Want to spectrum well, and I must be my psychic powers again because I've had this sitting here in my pile all morning And there it is and there it's on court TV shocking Freeman a convert to Islam previously known as Sandra Keller War her veil for the photo on a photo driver's license you obtained after moving to the state in 2001 Nine months later she got led it from the state warning. He could revoke her license unless you We turn for a photo with her face uncovered Freeman claims to religious beliefs required to keep her hidden face covered out of modesty in that her faith prohibit prohibits her face from being photographed Pilecraft okay Single excuse driving the privileges and what's to prevent anybody else from saying I'm gonna wear a mask like so Or because I have a religion that says to me that you know, I can't show my face in public talking mask like chasing Yeah, like Patrick frog All of he can be wearing it no more by my Patrick don't let the door hit you any ass on a way out you it oh it makes me nauseous Let's see here's a little graffiti for your tea room inspired by George it says this is from V There once was a man named mode David it was funny how much he was hated A rug wearer with checkered pants each morning he gives into rants the morning became lame So QA and button in the new name. I need a better lead in Neil said so now I'm gonna get some an hour earlier from bed Let's see it says we'd love to hear the new lineup sometimes somebody better keep an eye on modemaro smells like sabotage to me Yeah Somebody better find out who he's in touch with because when I heard the rumor was that I want to say who told me But the rumor was he walked out of there a smiling from ear to ear when bolting out of there like at 754 this morning Smiling like the chither cat and you might forget what he has said Earlier about and by the way to the losers on cloud about the bomb about trapping the bomb I didn't forget I mentioned that this morning if you would have been listening who And when now we have a new deal of QM we have the the Miguel George and Bina Boy the three spix we have the little it wasn't bad enough we had the Eric business You're okay now Eric you're off the hook There are pain and attention you anymore your small potatoes now they're into Miguel the spick click Yeah, the spick click has got a little cat fight going on there little spat The spick spat And on a one hand Bina Boy is told me that the Miguel is as a pussy and then George is defending him Okay, so I guess when I go to let it go to treasure our ones that we know who's getting a little bit of a feel from a girl and it's not owner boy Here's a call from Cooper City hello Yeah, sir good dog and back to you. I wait a minute. Did I miss a break? Oh? Hang on, hang on sir. Did I how could you let me do that? Did I miss a break this hour We're checking because I'm a bad bad man. No, sir. How do they do that? We're having a crazy day Boy boy. I'm I am yeah 1234 we just we just sail right on by the 25 break We must be having a hell of a good time nobody told me we must be I don't feel like it but it must be sensational We'll get in it Let me tell you about a really good product. Only a man. In fact, I should probably be taking a lot more Audio Med Softails contain the best olive oil you can find not just ordinary olive oil but super You know what started that it was when we did the internet thing With no breaks and no bits and we just you know we started rambling a lie and I got into the because I kind of liked that anyway You're like olive oil You're like in oil. You're meant because it is super concentrated and loaded with health benefits for you All you made a video can up reduce the risk of heart disease in high cholesterol and there were 14 different Oliomed formulas to choose from each one combining the best olive oil that you'll find anywhere is with vitamins Minimal's and herbal to support specific parts of your health from your bones to your blood pressure to your immune system Just pick out the formulas that are right for you and I've got three brand new Oliomed formulas What to help you sleep? What to help you control your weight Self-quew ten for your heart fix them up today at public's Echards wall greens whole food markets Navarro Sedanos are just about any place order down line if you like at Oliomedamerica.com If you want more information about these stellar products called toll free 1 866 Oliomed That's 1 866 6536633 get some Oliomedians start popping it in your push as soon as the pot My and local your sports video 566 U.A.M The god out Hello I'm In favor of You're probably not me now I'm Me me The white house in Florida. I may love to give pay I have to leave on a snack and suck this earlobe Gosh that's so a He liked it He grabbed my skirt and high get Top off my gloves and spike it Yeah, that's the way He liked it He is a summer I'm 61 That's when I mentioned K Yeah, I'm out and hatched up on Then we went all the way Gosh that's the way He liked it Everybody grab my skirt And high get Drop my pants And spike it Yeah, that's the way He liked it We did it in a remote We did it in a home We may love on every one One time it is made up from school Four Three summer My house Everybody He liked it Go grab my skirt And high get I got my clothes And spike it Yeah, that's the way He liked it Prop 40. I like the way that is Twenty-till one at five sixty QA And we go to a clock don't forget You forget yet? No, no, no If you want to know what the The problem of America is here's a story that you give you like a little clue Boy burn sleeping friend with hot water in jackass stunt Gahana or Ohio A 13 year old boy who wanted to make his own version of jackass to movie through a cup of boiling water on his best friend As he slept causing second degree burns poli said Column Gahana would charge with felony assault Police lieutenant Jeff Spence and Gahana videotape the main 19th incident And others in earlier weeks the boy told police he plan to make his own movie Appranks similar to jackass a movie version of the defunct mtv show Gahana and other boys from this Columbus suburb appear throughout the hour long video Appranks and stunts Spence said no one was hurt in the rest of the tape The MTV show and movie included warning against trying stunts at home Gahana's mother burn our dean the chico Said she didn't know the boys were maintaining these stupid TV shows They did many stunts the column could have been killed at she said luckily he didn't get hurt He didn't get hurt. Yeah, the kid that he spilled the boiling water on him I'd have a little bit of a problem. Massive I'm pedolick and get in juvenile court is confined And they use the tension set her until 21 he's 13 good put his ass away. Okay, right How do you like that? What did jackass? How yeah, seriously how much of a jackass how stupid he have to be 13 years old. You don't know the view poor avoiding hot water on somebody You're gonna scold him and maybe even uh, whatever you're gonna do How stupid you have to be huh 13 freaking years old Dumber then saw dust Dumber then El Presidente and that's saying a lot or maybe getting carried away 567.0560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon my feeling about this show so far today And of course it was my fault there I screwed up in fact, you know something we probably should do another break right now Hey, let's do two hey, let's do two or three breaks all spots radio man. That's the slow way to this god name place all spots radio That damn bitch screw-in was in this morning poor for real is trying to get on here. This is his first day officially in the lineup We've valley hooded the TV people are there the newspapers wrote articles about it and here He's got his own problems to try to find out when the hell we're gonna get back on here, which he never did And here's screw-in is in there a hyper ventilating jumping up and down like clearance or here Somebody else is gonna do something about it. Okay, like they're gonna wave a magic wand and get the transmitter back on So she can get her goddamn spots on a year because like I've tried there spending you people for five plus long years now And nobody wants to believe me WQM doesn't care whether we're entertaining whether we're interesting whether we're amusing whether we're informative Whether you like us whether you hate us we just want the money don't you understand give us the effing money now That's it That's the beginning that's the end that's the middle. That's the QAM F and Philosophy man. Just give us the goddamn money Sunny What are you trying to say? Get the honey junior. I'm trying to say that there are a bunch of grave robbers is what I'm trying to say you should have seen the scene She's got some nerve going in there running around hyper ventilating like like what are they gonna do you know like they need her grief on top of all the other Plus the smell heard would have needs to be smelling her no wonder for else that he was swimming in over this morning Swimming From that bitch God the only person I know of that could even come within 15 feet or without passing out was Roy and he didn't smell too good either 1244 at five 60 WQAM How I want to tell you something speaking of Roy? There are people with fat heads and then there are people with fat puppets Roy had a fat head. He was a fat guy. You say right? We're fostered was pretty fat pretty pretty chubby Balance for life can up or lose that excess poundage and get back into like real clothing and get your health Back that's the most important thing even if you don't give a crap out of the people feel about the way you look how about your health You want to be diabetic. Oh, you want to die in earlier with the no part disease. Oh stroke all of these things So let balance for life help you lose the way the easy delicious way with their little black sack That's the key that their whole program They put together the food for and they have a chef that make delicious meals and they deliver to you a little black sack Every morning by six a.m. to your home your work wherever you want to live or two and in your sack is your food for the entire day Three gourmet meals fresh good stuff and two delicious snacks are in there Which will keep you satisfied all through the day while the wait pours off your body. You'll start seeing results within just a matter of a days So if you tried all the other weight loss programs the pills the potions the a magic whatever one and a Have a work for your balance for life to afford for you know cooking no counting no calories to worry about No carbohydrates county they do all I work for you all you do is choose between two alternatives reach We'll ever do this run a program in the little menu. You fill out and that's it and the rest is a piece of cake So called balance for life and start losing the weight the delicious way nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine Five six eight thirty two twenty nine or check them out on the web and balance for life. Come Alza Zena TV she's a little crazy a little spoken but totally liberated It's the premier of my big fat Kurdish life But Emma and you see my angel I am using it right now using but what does a Kurdish wife need with a razor now that I am a liberated woman I am the woman away the veil and saving my mustache Put your mustache in your fast feature My big fat garbage knife That is the nice of Alzina it's TV To buy for almond you'll need to keep your brother away from the gobs they're producing less milk And she's sleeping in the barn Maybe that brought in Orlando move this she's had in her mustache. You think they just showed her picture on one of these channels and it was from a mug shot And now I know why she's wearing a veil. I see 551 at 560 WCM probably for the same reason that Moa to wear one Is that picture on her yet? He's working working on the Okay 293 votes on a pool and very little response on home. We had a one guy who admitted he writes graffiti and that was it Other than that this audience finds it revolting disgusting they have never seen any of these things It's only in my imagination. It's a fact thing. It's a pervert thing. It's a bad thing and it's unacceptable Oh, and let me just tell you this Since these people are so much holier and better than the rest of us as as always is the case In Florence Italy Which is an old and beautiful city you've been there. I'm sorry Seriously, Florence is beautiful on the Ponta Vecchio which they have all of these bridges across the Arno River And they're and of course naturally they made some of them into tourist traps and the one in particular is the Ponta Vecchio Which is where they have all the glitzi jewelry stores the overpriced gold and and stuff I mean beautiful stuff, but definitely overpriced and it's a tourist trap Anyway in the middle of the Ponta Vecchio There's a place where you can sit down and you can look over to River and just watch people watch which is really something in Florence and And there are walls In cities are thousands of years old there are walls where people have written There were and they've carved the initials and they're written the Dayton and and graffiti and messages whatever and it's all right there In Florence Not in McDonald's not in Denny's tea room. We're talking about it in Florence Italy So this isn't something that I'm just dreaming up this is something at the and I'll say it again I saw the movie. I'm sure I'm the only one that saw that so I picked my interest obviously didn't pick anybody else's interest because they don't give a flying crap They don't know from graffiti They don't know about right in little messages, okay? Or right in for a good time call a scourine Look at that phone. There's this amazing. I realize we got a lot of spots in the for the whole show is screwed up today This is what we had in mind what we talked about going back to ten to two Greg this is what we had in mind Is running like 47 minutes of spotstering the hour and trying desperately to follow two hours and 40 minutes of dead air I think it was sabotage if you ask me. Oh, that's what I'm thinking I See the fine hand of the moment in this don't you? Oh, well, he was threatening I see the big thick hand about dropping a bomb And of course what better moment to take advantage of the opportunity he probably made his contacts out with the man upstairs, you know And the and speaking of our poll about graffiti There are 11 of Sam never seen many 17 say only sick people record. Feety but 11 people say I've never seen any. Well, yes. What what? Don't believe one of you okay that any of them are those like really gargantuan fat people that you see on Jerry that have never loved the house Then might be it. That's our crowd 567.0560 pound five 60 on the AT and T in horizon wireless line. You know what sounds really good? I'm not gonna get it because I got to stop but those climb-like bars. Oh, yeah scores the score climb-like bar I'd like to score one Here's coral gables. Hello the transmitter keeps cutting out still meal. No, come on. Yeah Just for a few seconds at the time during that last story you're reading there the transmitter cut out was at the first time that's happened again I've been doing it, you know often on for a second or two here and there which is understand the vote for fixing it But it's been dropping out for a longer duration as we go here. This is the most Things I've heard my life. Yeah, it is bizarre. I just want to let you know that thanks. Thanks for the bad news Okay, so the audience is informing us of course our other people in the building all morning long a masco mother All running around like crazy and we're trying to figure this for relevant. We're gonna get on here Which you did not and And I'm asking stuff and clearance mostly tough because he's what else are you gonna do? You know, are they telling you or they give you any information as to well well FQ and L is out there But what does that mean? Does that mean that we lost the power out there did lightning knock the power out? Do we fry some of the parts in the transmitter and then nobody will give us a goddamn answer? Well now we know Oh, do we? I'll see answer it was a major power source Uh What does that mean? We got a the the major power source got fried so they were getting no power to the transmitter A major power source you mean like an FPL log power source something like that right got fried and they had a replace it So the obvious question now obviously also speaking since everything is so freaking obvious It must be raining again cats and dogs in my correct. Yeah. Look out your window there. Oh look at that raining sir And so this this could be a new reason for people to tune in all all through the day Right, I'd always QAM on the air. Are they off the air can they get their act together? No probably not Here's Cooper City hello You sure let me first tell you how Joseph I am that you're in Toronto. I'm stuck here I'm ready to come our richest to see color So about that. Yeah, they have the every it's beautiful here now man 70 degrees today the trees are in bloom everything is oh I might even go to Rochester and check out the lilylox I'll live by carelessly through you Let me comment a couple things on the graffiti and One one question the you know the OEL med Now the phone Walgreens Yeah, the fish oil the vitamin E Now is is that is just as good or is it not concentrated as the OEL med It's different stuff. I mean I take all of those things I take OEL med and I also take vitamin E official capsules I've taken every day for years Okay, and they tell that and walring the public right sure Okay, and then a reference to the graffiti There is a gang in Miami called DME destroying Miami's environment And if you drive anywhere in Miami you'll see There's two professional against gangs called chrome and MSG You'll see them everywhere crumbs in individual Okay, but you see him everywhere you chrome And it's the Maybe we're talking about mole again chrome dome and the last thing there Well, I think you ought to be held at the chrome detention center myself Can I just reach something Real quick isn't going to get behind again and be derbors going to have a fit Oh, I'll read a real quick Okay, no how long is it? It's two seconds. Okay, okay Sounds up don't come in to sit and think of this come into Schmidt and stink But I come into scratch my balls and read the writing on the wall Excellent Thanks a lot. Thank you. One. Yep What do you say? I don't know I Just want to scream I think I will Come at tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story. He couldn't make it as a pop star until he became a soap opera star. Then he made it as a pop star. Then he quit the soap opera and he wasn't a pop star anymore. You do the math. He was a real springfield. Hey, you people trying to say I wasn't the legitimate rock star just because I was on general Rick Springfield is still in serious denial about why he sucks. Look you better watch it or I'll or you'll what Rick sit there and look cute at me. What? Bring it on Nancy boy. Hey, hey, I want a Grammy. Like that means you're any good. A taste of honey. Want a Grammy. Who? Exactly. These guys. Oh, these f*** girls beat Elvis Costello for best new artist. So take your I want a Grammy theory and shove it springfield. I, uh, I don't know what to say. Just admit that the only reason you had a hit was because a bunch of women wanted to get in your pants when you played Dr. Noah Drake in general hospital. I guess you're right. What about you? What do you mean? Do you want to get in my pants too? I'm not out of here. It's a big juicy shopping lid. Look at show business tonight and inside the behind. 104.560. It's our big one to two hours. The first one we've had in a couponsay. Now McGill, uh, emailed me the the cover the proposed cover for the best of ELCD. It went, but it doesn't show up. Oh, he thinks he emailed it to me. I think he stuffed it with vagina. Because I can't to open it. It does, does nothing. I just mentioned that in passing. Okay. I'm not trying to stir the pot. First after we've been at Straybout. I'm stood. I'm in a coffee shop. That is, uh, it's the beginning of the end. I think folks. Beginning at the end. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT and T and Verizon, where I was flying. I'm looking at this hour and you do realize you guys, especially Bonerboys got the log there. This is the a jimmanted show. Right. Right. This is the mad dog show. Oh, right. Yeah. Right. To tell, don't, it's not. These are our spots. No, they're not. We're happy to have them. No, they're not because they all say one to three. That's why there are no neo-runs response. There are no livespots. They're on the right spot. And again, it's not because of the water not seeing this particular case. It's not even because of screw-in. It's because the Greg Reid's got ants in his pants. And instead of doing the right way, it would like a little bit of planning and forethought and communicating and letting everybody know what those going on. Always just die right in their head first. You know, just like when they put us on here that first day. And he hauled us with his family. And went off to Chicago because he knew that technically it was going to be a disaster. And he was right. He was right. But on the lighter side of things. Yes. Somehow, some funny thing got on the website right under Ferrell's picture. Okay. One more one please. If you want to see what's got for Ralph's like, I'm having a hell of a time with my everything is slow to that in a while. Okay, there's Ferrell. Oh, like I said, the one and two are begins. Well, we have to jackpot. Oh, oh, oh. I have to see that story yet. Once in about those pictures. Yeah, because I misspoke earlier when we were talking off the air about those pictures. Yes. I broke into Miguel's office with my lockpicks and stole them. So Miguel is a pussy. You were you were defending him. You were trying to do the right thing to defend him. You're fellow spick. And, and, but if he didn't find any pictures, I'd tell him to find out that Boner boy was right that Miguel didn't want to provide us with any of these pictures. Well, he ordered not to. So he didn't. I broke into the office and stole. He was under orders not to buy home. Vig orders by Greg. And so he do tofully obeyed and did not give us any pictures. I broke into the office and stole them. Well, we, why shouldn't we have fan pictures? How we like the other personalities on the station, even the ones that we don't like. We have a right to, we're entitled. Now, there's Scott Farrell who was sitting in my studio and all that's right on the guest mic. With that finger up in the ear, I think he was getting ready to stick it somewhere. And I think the person who was about to stick it into is right. Oh, oh. It says the bad news is Howard and Goldie have been moved to 5 to 8 AM as you can see. The change is not sitting well. Oh, you let's, let's the word. Oh, yeah, with someone. Okay. Or on someone. Or in someone. But that's everybody in this audience. It's got a computer needs to go to newrogers.com right now and scroll down. Check out the picture of Farrell and then they've picked your underneath it. So now look, get back to this hour because we've already got loaded up because we got the Mended Schedule. You know, I'll start to really wonder about these guys. Mended's is on for two hours a day. Okay. Right. And I love the mad dog. Don't give me a wrong or be grudge him. Nothing because I taught him well about more painless work. But I look at the format that these guys run. And this is probably lighter than usual. You know? But by the time you tell me when you do in a two hour show and half of each hour's commercials, Mended Schedule, you know, I'll start to really wonder about these guys. Mended's is on for two hours a day. Okay. We're a kind of graffiti. Well, yeah. I mean, it was funny because after talking to the guys to practice one more and I mean, this guy covered like all of my amy and my amy and speech and we're thinking, you know, what kind of a job to this guy after? They had all these phones, you know? But ever did figure it out. But we did, we didn't have a big kick about it. We saw him on my feet because he was all in there and, you know, I had to get time with that. But anyway, love you on one to two and you guys have a good good. Okay. And back at you. Thanks, Pally. That 13 year old kid. You asked whole. That's our message to him. Now the problem we got, oh, they just came back. What happened there? Huh? The check marks, the dots were out on my phone. When I was talking to that caller and I was hoping that he wouldn't give them. And how they just came back. Our internet is down. It's glitching a little bit. So, could be everything. Lots of glitching and not enough bitch. And that's the problem today. We got many technical diffubles and of course the excuse will be, wow, you know, it's an active goddess nature and it's, uh, we can't, uh, you know, even on a sunny day, when there's not a cloud in the sky and even the pigeons are dropping anything, even on those days, we can't get our act together. Okay. So it'll give me a big saw in minutes. But it's raining hard. And we just can't keep things going here. Isn't this the same engineering department that put that thing about, uh, that big memo under door that day? Right? Not too many months ago, bragging about their 24, seven radio stations. Yeah. Well, today try 22, 7. Try 21, uh, 50 or whatever was, uh, 21, uh, yeah, 50, 40, 30, pretty weak, pretty lame. So now, uh, I'm looking at this, I try to ask you this. I'm looking at the log the way the way the way the one to two hour was, the gym managed one to two hour. Now, please tell me that there are no additions to this. No, I worked it out to there wouldn't be. So there wouldn't be. So there won't be. Okay. So he's telling me that there won't be. Now let's find out what really happens. Five and a local of the 6560, three or the only two. Two and a half week. Did you fucking sing? One seventeen at five sixty wqm happy Thursday too. We got the mad dog two to four. It's part of our new schedule. Oh! Hank Fortillus sixty eighty and he got the marlins on Drek sixty thirty to seven oh five. Seven oh five the expos in a marlins did peepee park. That's gonna be rained out is it? I don't know what's going on up there. We're high-looking in the other room just so you know what you mean. A carless was choking at a flambollin Miguel is high-mlooking him. Yeah, they'll make sure I coughed up the lung. Yeah, maybe National Water looks like. Oh my god. Looks like. Look at that scene. That'll teach him to start to talk and trash about the Miguel Lone. Oh man. You can come. Here's the fact this is thought you would like this to book his graffiti 10,000 years of war-writing by Robert Ryzenor. I tried to call you but had hang up because too many breaks. I appreciate that okay. Believe me anybody hung up today you're you get special dispensation because this is a wash-out literally and figuratively. Just pretend we weren't here today. In fact it would have been a bonus for all of us concern if the transmit was stayed off at least till two. That's my perspective. Oh, we were hoping. 560, 050, 50, 50, 50 on the AT&T and Verizon line. Here's the call from the Redlands. Hello. Good morning. Yes sir. Good evening. Good afternoon. I don't even know what it is. I've been on. Whatever it is. First of all, a couple of things. I think you should be the talent scout for that radio station. Yeah. First you got George. Who's extremely talented and not Carlos who's also talented. He did a great job on Monday. Yeah. I don't know if he might tell you that. He did a great job of what? Oh, you mean putting the shot together? Yeah. The way he did the taping and the talks and the music and the best and just did a really helping me job. It was, it was. Yeah, he's very talented but Miguel says he's a hard ass. Yeah. Well, so it's George. Yeah, that's true. Okay. That's a graffiti thing. The two quite a few years ago I was fortunate enough to go to Egypt and part of the trip. But we took was a visit to the inside, inside the great, the great pyramid. There's thousands and thousands and thousands of years old graffiti in the most bizarre places in this, in the inside the great pyramid. I mean at the very top of the King's Chamber, it's like it's almost impossible to get through. You get to climb all this craft. And there's stuff scrolled into walls that's like, you know, written in 1562 or you know, stuff like that. Right. It's totally amazing. And they're falling. Okay. Thanks. Kind of like something out of smallville. Kind of like the handwriting on the wall. The cave in the bad cave or whatever you have a lot of thing is 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and the Razor Marvel Slime. This is something that obviously a lot of you people need to expand your horizons and develop. In fact, I wouldn't surprise me if people stare right in some heavy duty graffiti in the T-Roobs of QA am starting right away. Yeah. Lots of sharpies in this building. I got to go back to that page again and look at the Farell picture in the 100-neathed not that I need to see Farell again, but it's just kind of like a landmark. The bad news is Howard and Goldie have been moved to 580 and as you can see, the change is not sitting well with someone or over on someone. That's even worse than it was before. Yeah, I try. All right. Wow. That picture is worth a billion dollars. I'm going to tell you that right now. Now who was it that provided that picture to be in a boy? Me. George. George is in trouble again. And he don't mind. Okay, because it was worth it. What if 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line? Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Thank you. You seem to be a little bit too happy about it. It's seen at most of on the radio station, but even though you do us, go for a Sydney between you two. Yeah. Yeah, for Raleigh's bread and bread. But um, what a fuck all the way. I forgot. Okay. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, is this the mad dog? Yeah, it's the mad dog. He dreaded the latins and glad you're back. Thank you. I just do it with my best hour now. Good. All right, buddy. I'll get the. Thanks, pal. Okay. There's a happy camper. We got so many. If excited, I mean, the mad dog people shouldn't be bent on the shape. I mean, he's still got his two hours. And quite frankly, I think he's got a better two hours. Two to four makes sense. One to three is one to three is like nine to one. Neither one made any sense. There. You know, I did numbers. I'd number it. Kind of like five to eight. Right. Five to eight. Also is a very odd number. It could be take a look at that picture. I was just talking about there's another odd number. Don't get much odd or mad. That's an odd ball. I like to see people like making copies of that picture. Like pasting it on T-room walls all over time. I mean, people have got to see that before they die. And it's already up in the building. Now, line four is flashing here. I see, but I don't see anything next to it. Miami. Here's Miami. Hello. Probably something. Maybe we see there was another. If you're screwed. I was trying to tell you. Yeah. Port St. Lucy. Hello. Anya. Yes, sir. I'm an otherwise normal human being that guilty of doing the graffiti thing every once in a while. All right. A couple places that I specialize in. In an elevator, where you open a little trap door and emergency phones in there. I usually write in there if you can read this, your F got H2. Okay. And on the portal port of port of John's portal S, the door bathroom. I see a lot of monstrosion sites. And they usually have some really like stupid races like, you know, things in there. And when they spell words wrong, correct their spelling and tell them to get a bleeping education. Yeah. Exactly. See, I can't imagine anybody sitting on the throne and seeing something that they feel is wrong or is pisses them off and want to respond to it. I'm guilty. Even though that they've even though the first party may never sit there and take a dump again, but never less, at least you're getting it out. Okay. Thanks, Belly. Hold your breath. See, what is this fact said? I'm suing you. The picture of Mo is the scariest side I've ever seen. Can you play Super Mo? Super Mo? Maybe. Maybe zombie mo? Super Mo. That's the Doidoy Doidoy Doidoy that goes at lightning speed. I pee every time I hear it. Oh, my brain. I don't know what I call Super Mo. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Then I probably said the reason I didn't know what's called that because it's not. So there you go. You got the 4th order price to none. Okay. No, no, no, no, no, no. And there's even next to a little bonus one for you. But it's format today. This is for the birds. Just everybody go along with us, please. You always have an opinion that we beg your indulgence. Just pretend to show was never on because quite frankly, like for real show, it basically wasn't. Oh, I mean, we're sports radio five, six, six. Oh, you way, yeah. Oh, I'm right. All right. Oh, hello. I mean, we found a start. It was the summer of 1962. I was working as a White House in turn for the Kennedy administration. A days of Camelock. My duties included filing, answering forms, delivering documents and pulling the president's lap cafe. It was a very exciting time in my life. I was 19 years old and never knew what would happen from day to day. One day, for instance, I might be asked to escort highly Celacie into the Oval Office. The next day, maybe I'd be asked to zip up Jay Edgar Hoover's floral pattern dress. And of course, all I'm a president, I'm so lap cafe. Am I also remember being asked to make president Kennedy comfortable when he finished his daily swim. It was my job to bring him his towel, his flip flops, and then Yang Gown is speed-o and call the lap cafe. But the mood in the White House changed later that year with the Cuban missile crisis. During that time, President Kennedy didn't think about sex till after nine in the morning. My right forearm began to look like papais. And I had to have my blouse sleeves laid out to make room for my taffy puller. I remember one memory very vividly. A president I were alone in the residence watching Beverly Hill, Billy's. He was naked from the waist down and was calling me Ellie May as I pulled the lap tassie. But two weeks following that experience, President Kennedy asked that I wear a rope as a belt. It feels so good to finally have the secret out and to let my grandchildren know I was a White House foolsy. At least now they know like Ramaz Wright forearm to sew damn freaking massive. It's 131 at 560 WCM. I'll tell you the missing piece on the Amo picture is great. But the missing teeth. Yeah, Barney has the greater impact. You can almost hear them sitting in that glass of powder and fizzing in the back. So funny to see goldy standing in the room while this guy sits there. It's almost like watching Tom like a sickness 55 degree vault of depth to him in LA. Anyway, it's a 28 tilt tube. We got the mad dog going up between two and four. And for real, we'll be on tomorrow 8 to 10 weather permitting and transmitter working, but it's dubious. This place it's really unlikely. Here's homie, what? Hello. My name is hello. Neil. Yes sir. They should hire guards and put transmitter to sink in. I think that's not a bad idea. Neil, I got a pull for tomorrow. If you want to use it. Yeah. What will happen first? They will fire more David or more David will quit. Okay, great. 560 is Kenny time. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T of Verizon. I got many, many open lines. It's our big one to two hours. Oh, but the audience. So, and when you think that a whole bunch of people who would see this on the internet would be calling immediately just to uh, right? Just for some kind of editorial comment. I mean, when I open a FedEx envelope from Volca Brian yesterday, I just about peed my pants right there in a lobby. I'm serious. I just was boarding and shortly and there was somebody on the elevator was coming upstairs and I was like trying to restrain myself from just laughing out loud. It's hysterical, David. We're still trying to promote your baby. Mole man in spite of all your denials and your hysteria and your psychotic attitude. We're still trying to promote the holiday is what we're doing. Just take a look at that push. I die, die, right. One thing that might improve the picture. Take off those checkered pants. Here's a call from David, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. What's going on today? Glad that you see on both, too. Okay. I heard a little bit of a rumor floating around about Mr. David. Yeah. I heard that he's got cross crickets. Oh, five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, so one to two hours is awesome. I missed it so much. I have all day and I listen and I want to clock out in giant. I flip around, you know what's out there. Nothing. It goes the CD, but loving you from one. Sure. Love and you from one to two. Thanks, sir. Thanks, Pally. Bye bye. Thanks a lot. Bring it. Bring it, baby. Five six five six seven. What? Why did you get to their clock doing that? You see the things that I just still can't get over. Yeah, in the audience won't believe this. I'm sure that most people believe if they've heard for real at all, that he affects part of that. He doesn't affect anybody. That's just that's his voice. I wish I still can't get over that because when he came in this morning for example, or then even when we did the thing on the internet together, we did like a 20-minute show on the hour because we were, yes, he's a real spaz on or off the air. Yeah. Jittery and Vervist six kind of walls. Yeah. Maybe needs a little Drikki put a calm down. Is what he said? I mean, yeah, it's one thing to bring in a bottle of die cook to work every day, but to bring in that big bottle of Jim Bean, Jack. Damials. Here's what is this? Miami, hello. Waterdale by the sea, hello. Neil, God. Yes, sir. Please tell me that that five to eight for a guilty and the more Howard is five to eight minutes. Yeah. Which is why are you up further away? Are you up further away? Five to eight minutes, that's all I want to hear of them. Okay, thanks. Five, so sure, glad to have this one to two hour back, you know, not not. I say I think 10 to one sounds good. Okay. Sound good. I mean, nobody else is doing four hours anymore. That's past say four hours of this crap is too much. And of course the South Florida audience, I mean, just three hours that try to test their material. That's pushing it. I think we're going to have to go back to those movie shows, you know. In fact, let's pretend we didn't do the ones who was before vacation they forgot by now anyway. We'll just do those over again. Hey, and I got a great idea. We have a one hit wonders. Oh, we showed you that. One hit wonders. Well, be afraid. Be very afraid. Right. We're going to start rehashing all of that crap again. Well, that's all they can respond to. I mean, when you scrape away the vacation time and then a couple of days I badly who this new line up and the for wealthy and all the most of, you know, really when you scrape all the extreme of stuff away, nothing has changed. They still don't have the capacity to discuss. I mean, I don't care what anybody says. I mean, I could have talked about whatever it had not wanted like any other day today, but they don't understand it. But the what the grafini thing I think is pretty interesting. It's it's it's not just some isolated thing that you found in one theorem on a restop somewhere. It's part of the human condition. It's something that people do. It's something that people read. Something that people write with sharpies and lipstick and ballpoint pens and paintbrushes and whatever. Not in Miami though. Here's my M. E. Hello. What do I consider what? I could call anyone but this one. 567. 560. 560. On the AT&T line. Here's my M. E. Hello. Yeah, I just think that a terrible the mad dog isn't in isn't on during my last break. Oh, gee, I have to change your life man. Here you're less break to the three. As whole. 567. 560. Pound 560. On the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Stick it. Oh, rise. Even he agrees. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Yes, well, I love. Yes, sir. Yeah, this is my complaint in beach. You the same Miami. Actually, I call it a park. This is Miami on here. Did you tell did you tell being a boy it was boint in beach? You know, I told him that's where I was from. Well, being a boy screw off. He's a liar. Sorry. My question is I'm just interested in the product shape and light of what you mentioned. What do you mean you're interested in it? Quiet off and why can't find out anywhere? Because they're out of business. They are out of business. Well, that's what I'm trying to find out. A bit to a few stores and they said you have it, they're going to get it to the they are in a business far as far as I know. I think they're they're a couple. Well, it's too bad. It was a good product. It was a good product. And I used to do a lot of free stuff too. So I'm pissed off. Okay, 21 till 2. Now, what are these spaces coming across important stuff? No. And we had one call from anybody who checked out the website on the, see, when I see these chronic writing again. Yeah, there's Christ. Not sure if you heard mode this morning, but it kept going on saying the five to eight time wasn't too bad. It said he gets lots of calls and things it's a good move. He just doesn't get it and can't admit that something sucks. And just before the lightning strike, he had a caller said, I can't read this. Said he had the, I can't read it. Chronic facts, he was just out of control scrolling. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 don't facts me anything else. Okay, please. Please just leave me in my misery. What's your take on graffiti? That's our poll question that I had damn interesting poll question. And interesting topic, but nobody in this crowd gives a crap. Except maybe two or three people had called. There's only perverts like me of senior, feeding in my time. And certainly nobody is seeing glory holes. Even though we have 60 people who say, and they write graffiti in drill glory holes. What's your take on graffiti? 141 only sick people write it. I love to read it 112. This topic is disgusting. Where can I see some 84? I write graffiti in drill glory hole 60. Sure, I've never seen any 13. And I love to write it only 8. You believe that 13 people in the world have never seen any graffiti over the age of like 5. No, we don't believe it. I am frao iliana, Russian laden. And I like scrubbing my smelly grill ass with soap night from tools. And listening to the near rock. I'm gonna use the hour. Oh, story that had ignorant fat ladies clutching their bosoms. I mean this fall on fox. The first of countless TV movies called Saviour Private. We have to surround it release the prisoner. Hello. Hello. I'll clear the boy camera crew. Okay, I'm great, buddy. Let me get a shoulder level shot of the truth. Storming in. She still have the gag on her face. You okay, Jessica? All right, we'll be there in a minute. You'll be shocked and saddened that how stupid you are getting Duke once again by another spin event. Cleverly choreographed by the real brains behind the presidency. Powering Rove. Who's that guy? Doesn't matter. You didn't over it. I'm getting the lighting in that room, please. Where's my gaffer? And I want the best boy. And say we will probably be a watch this far not. All right. 146 at 560 WQM. I think we salvage a little something here today. Okay, sure. In fact, I can smell it. Put it on a button and call whatever you want. Call it a man witch. Here's West Palm Beach, hello. Yeah, this is the Master, we're going to the master bear and I still shall move with it. Here's Pembroke Pines, hello. I don't think you can say Schmat, can you know? Yes, yes. You said Pembroke I said the Pembroke Pines. I mean, I'm in Wolfe Manor. Well, he's can't get away today. What can I say? Well, I wanted to touch upon with that other caller said before about a crotch crickets. I think it's Okay, great. Here's a call from Boca, hello. Yes, sir. Okay. I still have any of those old bits with the James Brown Fire alarm. You remember those? I'm talking like, yeah, the recent 15 years ago. Yeah. There's one of the fire alarm is one called the was a house like for home security system or some of the other. Yeah, we're going to move around somewhere. This is possible. A shameless request sometime during the week. Oh, yeah, I'll play well. Wonder Marl. Oh, actually an excellent. Oh, by the way, I just want to get one more thing in our act. Not in there by a question. Who are you dating? Yeah, uh-huh. Here's a call from Margie. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil. Yes. Hey. Yes. I cannot get up here. Yeah. Okay, back at you. Yeah. You must be the man that's people. No. Okay. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey. I love your show. You were just great. Being a Boca pretty good. Uh-huh. Did you get the city right for Miami? Yeah. Okay. You get them to shape when people don't call, but most of the sales reps, I don't know if field and we can't really use our cell phone minutes. Well, see, I hate to break the news to my close personal friend, but this is a talk show seen and I did cut off the calls for seven months and I had a good time, but the audience hated it like poison. So we're going to have a call and show somebody's got a call. See, I know that that's bizarre, but that's the way it works. You guys can't work out of deal with next door and you feel like that? Well, no, we can't. Does it mean I would call a time? We're inept. We don't how to do that. All right. I love your show. Okay. Thanks, Pally. Bye. Bye. Can we work out of deal with next house? Okay. Just ask him. He wants us to work out of deal. No. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Man, is it still raining? Are the frogs still jumping? Yeah. Is it still raining? Nope. Well, hello, Lou. It's almost enough to make me want to come back. No. Here's Miami again, hello. Who's on first? Yes, sir. Where you call from? My. That's what I just said. Oh, I'm sorry. Don't be sorry. Don't be a apologetic. Okay. It's one of those things. Your graffiti subject. Yes. When I come up with a hero, I was here. Is that graffiti? Sure. It was a good graffiti. And let me ask the one thing while you're at it. Who the hell was kill Roy? I can't get up into that. I'm going to go. I don't need anything. Who started? There's on everything. Well, we're going to. Actually, let's point. We're going to check into that. Okay. I mean, don't push it too far. Because it's a terminal. But let's check that out. Who the hell was kill Roy? Should we do a quick search? Okay. We've all seen that, right? Sure. I saw it. Kill Roy was here. Let's see. Kill Roy was here. CD. Oh, okay. That kill Roy was here. I BBC has got a thing. The remaining places during the war. Here is the country was peppered with installation for its ammunition factories. Most are gone. What does that mean? Oh, you're serious. Yeah. It was a military thing. I see. And the BBC's got one too. Which says, during WW2, the phrase, if Ray's killer I was here began to appear wherever US troops were. It was off in a company with the image of a face with long nose and two big round eyes with small dot eyeballs picking over a wall or a line representing a wall. Everything else except sometimes his fingers gripping the top of the wall was hidden behind a wall itself. Kill Roy is a familiar image whose origin is something of a mystery. In 1946, the American Transit Association had a radio program called Speak to America. This program sponsored an nationwide contest that attempt to solve the mystery behind the origins of the mystical kill Roy. Speak to America, if I'm James J. Kill Roy, of Massachusetts has resutted the search. That James J. Kill Roy was the originator of the kill Roy was here. Currently is the most commonly believed explanation of the phenomena. How do you like that? Wow. So in other words, oh, he's a little guy kind of funny looking. Right. Like boner boy. So I mean, other Robert Stack is near to solve those unsolved mysteries we can do it here for you. Live in local near sports radio 560s you a UAM. He prefers a company of men who tried to forge shorts and speedos if you want to get noticed on the beach. Show up with a sanding Johnson. Sanding Johnson swimwear from men. As the latest looks to get you noticed. That's because every sanding Johnson swims to come with real beach sand sewn right in the crotch. So when you walk, go let you down the beach. Everyone will know you've got a sanding Johnson. And for cows, there's sanding gaps everywhere. Where is Tani Thong? And you'll know why it's a sanding gaps swimsuit. Sanding Johnson and sanding gap available only at the gap. 156 at 560 WQM as we bring to our close are one to two hours. Oh, it's been a pretty week. But then why should it be any different? I noticed you have some appearances. If you want to see where George is going to be tomorrow on Saturday. Look right under most picture. Oh, look at that on our website of coming events Friday, May 30th. Right after the show, George will be at the four-lotter day of Harley on federal highway just out of Oakland Park Boulevard. When prizes enjoy free food from Atlantic City subs. How come that doesn't have like a time three to five because it had to be moved because of the schedule change. I see. What schedule changes that Saturday, May 31st, George and Beiner Boy Carlos will be at Bill Sibles Boulevard of Savings located on Northwest 36th, which is west of 27th. I have a in Miami. You're free food from Atlantic City subs and some free prizes, crappy, or QM prizes. So now what is the deal? Is Beiner Boy also getting paid for this? So you just tag and pay for that? Well, I may have pissed me gull off earlier. So now I don't know. Why? Because you told the world that he had a vagina. I think most people were there. True. I mean, I think we balance it out in our promotion department. We got two people, one mail, one female. One with a penis and one with vagina. Right? We got durine. And we got Miguel. One of them has a penis and one of them has a vagina. And I think it's safe to say never the twain shall meet. Yes. Here's North Miami Beach, hello. Yeah, the National Clicketer Ticket Camping is nothing more than Ashcroft, Nazi, SS guard, crack them through a pool of anybody they want to, a questionnaire, but if they want to. Absolutely correct. I also have to say, you the man you the man you the one you the one you the one you the one you the one you the one you and I can't either man you the man you the man you the man you the man. Oh. Here's Crawl Springs, hello. Neil My God. Yes, speaking. Welcome back to one to two. Welcome back to a living and breathing hour. Oh, it's great. It's great. I only just one hour to get my lunch and it's the treat to have you. Well, this counter balance is the guy that's been out of shape because mad dogs not under his lunch hour screen. You know, I thank everybody and you're welcome back, baby. Thanks, sweetheart. Bye. Bye. Have a great day. Don't forget for a longer video, it makes his debut weather for meeting transmitter operating 8 to 10 in our morning, right after the moment how we're David and Gellyshow. Okay. She missed it this morning. We had some real interesting crap going on, transmitter crap out at 7.52 an AM very mysteriously. I mean granted. We got some nasty weather around some lightning, some thunder, some fruit flies, whatever's going on. But 7.52 just moments before that they view a forwell on a radio, your official one. But I'm being there. We go right off the air and we didn't get back until 10 40. Right. Although, you know, something I think that worked out pretty good. And spread of the fact we had to run like 45 minutes of spots here we are, but other than that, I worked out good for me. So what is that? 3 hours and 20 minutes sounds good. Yeah, 3 hours and 20 minutes shows what would give you every day, Greg. Pluts. Here's a call from Pompano. Hello. Pompano. Pompano. Yes, sir. Neil, how are you? Great. Thank you. Hey, I was looking at your billboard. Neil God, right? Neil God. You know, I was thinking that you're going to bring across all the audience, the people that are thinking that you're walking about the real God. Hey, hey, what do you mean it? Neil, I don't mean it. Neil I mean, I got it. Oh, man. This one at two hours the best, baby. They don't mistake about that. I'm not really sure why, but there's just something about it. You know, the people are different at one to do. Maybe because they got a little lunch in them, maybe you think? Sure. Why not? Or they got a little something in them? Blackthumb. That might be it. Maybe that's why they were in a different frame of mind. Anyway, that concludes this. Whatever the hell this has been today. Tomorrow will do it right. Okay, we'll keep the transmitter on. We'll get for Rellon. And now we got the mad dog. It is great new timeslaw 2 to 4 and a hopper for Phil Marlon's time to say afternoon. Bye, bye, bye. Not that you have to stop.