The crap you could unwrap all the slime all the time There, paints You used to watch me shave now you do stare at the floor Oh, there, paints, I don't like the way You used to pay you and me a paper towel and a dirty magazine I'd show it needed to get back Now it seems things have changed and I think that you're the one Playing their paints He says They're running I don't think I'd let him go There's when you get to drink it People in the places I've never been before They're running I don't like the feeling of looking more I can't wait to just get a grip on our mind The hand-relation The camera turns a truly how we feel If we put our hands together We just stay home forever There's things I like how I can do that to you When running 10.02.05.60 WQM happy Wednesday too But this is it man Tomorrow's the big day tomorrow we got that trend coming out The for-row trend At one o'clock so we'd let the killer the show tomorrow Dub came in told me a plethora stuff What you were out to dittling around with Joe this morning Really? Number one being that your full of crats That the Joe Rose hasn't had that big dollar And sent discussion with Greg Reed yet How did Joe tell you otherwise? Don't play that sound to Regan Let's play it out here You're one of the intel Let's find out about this Let's find out whose town tall tales I don't know Joe Rose asked for too much money That I said got that from him No Did I ever say that was quoting him on that Don't know you're pulling him out It's like where do you get your information Just give me a direct answer and quit the beaten around the board He never told me that Okay, so I think you're full of crap I don't think that had that discussion yet Whatever the amount is he'll get it You'll listen Joe Whatever amount you hold him up for you'll get it I think the stumbling block there is a channel six I think that they're not too keen on that whole deal If you're right, say to them Screw them I mean Joe is just smoking in there between eight and ten He's got some gigantic sloppy shoes to fill there What all at the big rack and a big D in the big good The big rack and 34C He's got a big gap to fill there But you know Joe's been around a long time And the sports nerds love Joe Rose The only thing you know that you have to be concerned is that some of the non sports nerds They may not be able to have a duty sports stuff every day Like that fish guy to call it again today again At the end of the show But nevertheless we love Joe Rose Big time especially because he hates small Absolutely a lot Although we can say that about anybody See that no longer is a qualification for being on QAM Anybody have by the beginning or in Because everybody even the janitor hates small Well that that doesn't say you above the pack Anyway, we got a lot of schedule changes for those who are keeping score at home No, let's see we didn't have any Moves this morning. I thought it was just me I thought I came in at the just a propitious moment The Mrs. Stentorian tones But come to find out he was screwing off again today another day off Zack says by the way Don't pick and fused. He loves mo He just stuck in Now what he told me he just stuck his head and inside Now what he told me he said he hates it like poison That wishes he would die a wicked death is what he told me Oh look at this. I was just joking about this before Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha Oh let's head Scott Junior out with Mark Eisenberg come on Let's do something productive. Make up for his ever in behavior yesterday No, I I You see I say that's the reason why we said Mark by himself So we don't have I said Junior So another was he might actually get there on time And Scott won't give him the bum directions Mark Eisenberg is going doing is going his toy drive This is excellent Going his toy drive something was written by an illegal alien Miguel today from 11 to one if he sears park a lot of the town center mall in Boca also has the best of meal with him too Kind of like an anthra thought he's going Towards you probably don't want our crap But just in case you'll have that stuff on him too You know the CD And the more how we're giving it keychain Stuff like that But to bring your toys see they would probably be a little bit better off You know what I'm saying? Okay I'll write you the three of them in the end Yeah give me a little something more I mean we see if unless there's a sponsor involved in it The sales department's got you so brainwashed and manipulated Unless there's a sponsor showing to get three promos You don't give me any information So we can probably do it a little bit better if you tell us exactly what To suppose to bring and where they stick it and things like that Of course where to stick it Where the toy is going to I'm bigger part of it Who are the toys going to? Oh Joe and Mark Well times are tough you know they're even not making too much cash I don't know who they're going to I don't know who they're going to That's a very good question now that you mentioned it It's probably a scam Joe DiMaggio's children's hospital says Miguel Oh I can't stand Joe DiMaggio man I hated him I mean he's a great ball player But he was a miserable prick he was a bastard So like I said Miguel don't give us too much information Anyway, Boog is going to be on for the mad dog today and tomorrow No wait a minute today and then Boog Boog and Boog How about Boog Boog and what do you say? And Boog Boog and Boog and Boog And Boog? Yeah sounds like a QM law firm But we do have the load will be on it for the staff No in the Humper The load Hank will be at Shulas I were a winderman for the five Today I was a good guy but he's got the worst squeaky voice He almost sounds like Joe You ever hear him on the ear? Yeah Sounds like a little boy You're a good guy We like you a lot but man you are really terrible on the ear Don't put your newspaper job Panther preview at 7 we got a big big game There's going to be a crowd there tonight About 3rd man And speaking of hockey how about those make believes? I think I just screwed up on it I was going to take the highlight there and I think I screwed up Just the ass into that first goal Where are you Joe? Where's Joe Boone? Hey Joe That's enough Joe That's enough hockey that's more than enough for one day Believe me in this town Leaves in their last 12 games out of a possible 24 points Have 23 points are you impressed by that? You ought to be Lose your ought to be really impressed with that They're smoking and they're time for first place in the league With the low care 44 points I don't know why I don't know how just the out of nowhere I guess Pat Quimbs had a virgin in fire to say You guys better boots it up a little bit I'm really in my fan asked can they said okay boss? Whatever you say So we got the booster and bow and then Curtis Stevenson on Friday in that 2 to 4 slot Sandwich in between the load and the low and the low And the low and the low and the low and the low and the low Here's a great letter to the Toronto star yesterday and about the way you know I'm recovering nicely and spread to the fact everybody says I'm a dotoring old man You know what's what a good job I'm doing recovering from this cold that I almost got without a doubt I did get it but and that's a good sign That's a really good sign in my immune system must be sensational Even for a diabetic old fart like me Because it's been pretty goddamn cold lately But I'm used to it. I had the first several years of my life I've heard of man in this crap and it's it's 304 right now Not too bad cloudy 34 right you can add it But I had like the first inkling so that on Monday morning was a Monday I think I had on Monday and you get that thing with the little scratch in your throat And then you figure you're gonna lose your voice for two or three days Now I'm starting to see and sugar plums dancing in my head like hey I'm gonna be I do only probably be in Georgia's on vacation this way Since it's the end of the year there's no there's no working room there. You know what I'm saying In other words, I can't afford to understand where you had to put the beast on it To do the show and I would have been really just a nightmare with you alone Although I noticed that your buddy Joe is you know he's been he's prominent You know it's the Neil and B Show. Yeah, but he won't let me talk in his show But he's smart to the I am in addition to which he didn't have to let you talk because he's got just Non-stop those sports callers. I got to admit to as much as I just reviled sports talk I got to tell you I am jealous because I think back all of those days that I've been on the year How many years in this town? About 30 minutes and the days that I sat in big for calls no matter all the great material I had and the interesting things I had to talk about and the stuff that was going on and just big and pleaded for calls and just couldn't buy a call for 50 bucks And the sportsers we could put Most muskware on the year and get the phones to bring off the hook Hey, what do you think about those dolphins? Can they bounce back on Sunday? You know that crap It just never stops Just the same neurotic in the garbage And now the new thing I heard Joe talking about with the the jukin and driving in the insonio I have these celebrations. Yeah the cell phone thing the cell phone thing which they showed many many times But just makes me sick to my stomach. I mean, I'm not a bunch of jive asked her He's meant the one Schwarzger calls it and tries to make it a racial thing and somebody very accurately pointed out that it was Mark Gaston I was the first guy that they got the fine for that Who happened to be about as white as you are white and pasty and and revile also by everybody like mole Remember Mark Gaston Oh yep, there you go Mark Gaston Oh, it looked white to me But everything's always a racial thing, you know just like just like the network's I guess there's nothing else going on You got 13 more dead people in a bag that 13 died 22 wounded his truck bomber spoke and bag that we'll get to that But this is the important stuff is some jive as asshole in the inson is pulling a cell phone after my left ago post and is the Michael Jackson thing a racial thing Right everything's a racial thing look how the way great letter in the Toronto star yesterday you love this Letter of the editor it says he threatened the peace and security of the whole world with want and proliferation of weapons advanced destruction An unlected desperate he rupal say exploited his people for the enrichment of a tiny elite that prominently included his own family and friends He legally invaded the sovereign country for the sole purpose of grabbing its oil reserves I look forward to him being subjected to international law for his crimes against humanity and when were done with George's W Bush let's do the same to Saddam Hussein Rochon fell into our own nice going John you go boy excellent great letter When we're done with W let's do the same the Saddam Hussein Bring him to justice I could have an other pulls his popularity went zoom in up 6.52 to 58% which goes to show how easy the American public is man there. Much of morons morons There's a few smart people in America. What's a We haven't found him yet And none of them are running for prison by the way Thousands and 30 s.a. some on votes on yesterday's pull pretty impressive. I thought there was a poll at most of our audience wouldn't like because most of them aren't sports nerds But they liked it like the well enough and the duck informs me that the ratings I thought it was a today was last day of this rating period I was wrong Last Wednesday the tenth was the end of the fall rating book. So we're just in limbo. We can do whatever it'll be one I don't you like that. We can do whatever it'll be one. We want to play four hours of comedy bits. Duff said go for it. No power whatever. Just slide your way through even more so the usual is what he said. I don't know what you meant by that We asked yesterday which athlete was the biggest comeback to ever play for a top floor team. We got over 1000 votes and we'll give you the results. I know it's breathtaking momentarily and today's new pull And we got our one to two comedy bits. I mean, I'm thinking that we ought to like expand it a little bit because it is the holiday season right? A lot of good stuff that we need to play Like that like that first bit that Bob and Tom bit later to my penis haven't heard that in a cool zage 1013 at 560 WQAM. I want to tell you fat people out there. Oh nothing personal Oh, I'm pleased All you fat people you know this that it's so difficult to stay on the ackeens or any other low carb diet because even as you know, it sounds great in the beginning You know meat and cheese and seafood butter and eggs and yeah, but how much meat and seafood and butter and eggs Can you eat when you come right down to get's reading the notness? That's why people need some variety something with some taste something with some sweetness to it And that's why the lights are west book is so popular because everybody in their brothers on a low carb diet right now And this story is dedicated entirely to them. You've got to work a thousand low carb products in this one fantastic story including Brad's and bagels muffins cheesecakes brownies chocolate days pasta and sauces chips and dips soups catchups that are citing curbal on ice cream And lots of new stuff coming in every week like Jeff's chocolate vanilla egg creams The Atlass chocolate crisp and chocolate mint bars, which thank god have no Multitall you'll be real pleased about that simply low carb bread with stevia La nuba jams in seven gourmet flavors for you to jam on it. Climbs, what is it? Carb slim bites Great snack with no laxative effect. I know this a lot of these no laxative effect. Thank the Lord for that Go to if you have a little sensitive stomach say I'll pass on those icons bars They've got crunchy pretzels via carpets and apple cinnamon granola by carpets and lots lots more Like I said over a thousand low carb products in this one great story. The lettuce was bulky can try anything to store before you vibe The icons products are on sale today tomorrow on every day every day of your life It's open seven days a week from ten to ten. They're on the northeast corner of glazed in 441 right next to Boston market or column tool free at 1-877 low carb LOWC ARV or on a web it's low carb dot com for all you fat folks out there a story You're love the lights of ice book at your official atkins retail centers Live in local your sports video five 60's you a And hell on earth postpone their concert and live suicide for one week only problem is they forgot to tell them and who was to commit suicide Here's what happened in the dressing room before the show. Hey, Jenny likes a dam and then commit suicide I touch no that's a knife what do you mean that tonight we push it back a week why am I always the last to know we call you on yourself I turn that thing off only myself on any more to tell you cell phone I turn everything off. I turn all my utilities off. Why why I'm gonna commit suicide at this week We can't get the permits. We got to go another week. I gave up my apartment that you'll be fine. You can stay in the bus or damn that reminds me I gave stew my car who's stewy stewing you know the guy is gonna replace me in a band You're not in the band. We keep telling you that I am in the band The band for one night One night stop yelling her without me you wouldn't have any news. Hey, we got a band We're very popular. You haven't been popular until I said I was gonna commit suicide and you want to know something right All right, I right calm down a little bit. I'm feeling better. No, don't don't I like I'm beginning to feel better I think this whole thing's clear enough. What you to relax and listen Yeah, you're breathing sounds much better. I want you to relax. Don't have a heart attack. We need you one more week. Yeah, don't die now Jimmy. We need you to die tomorrow No, not tomorrow. We push it back a week. I'll see you in a week. Oh, I already called my mother Call it back. Take it. I think it's calling back. She was crying. What am I going to do? I mean why you dump in this on me. I have to die tonight. No, you don't. I will. No, you have another week This sucks. I'll tell you what this really blows you got a whole other week alive. This is great. Yeah, I guess all right. Oh, gee What I told my girlfriend she can point. Got it. Well, so what I got to go 10 19 at 5 60 WQAM 162 votes on a pull from yesterday. What athlete was the biggest scumbag liver play for South Florida team Jose can suck 0335 the H. Oh, say, let away put the piece away The sea's still under house arrest or what I guess not I don't know. I don't know. He might still be Lawrence Phillips 173 he was in town for just a few days and the plenty of damage The professional scumbag will never ever change. You can take this. Wow. What's that saying go you can take the boy out of the Huh out of the dumpster where you can't take the scum out of the scumbag. That's Lawrence Phillips Cecil Collins. He just wanted to dip his work. He's got 169 Nice going load Brian Cox 125 Ray Lewis 97. See, I just I don't remember. I don't remember Ray Lewis. How do you know that's a very good. Huh? How do you not remember. Is that a Lewis that plays for Baltimore? Yes. Oh, that Ray Lewis. Excuse me. I don't pay any attention to the Ravens. They're like I'm pouring in. Then every now and then he's 40 4 points. What? It was big news when That whole Super Bowl. I don't think that. Well, I must have. Oh, that's right. Now It all the sudden comes flying back. Michael Irvin 45. He should have been much better than that. Warren's sat 37 big fat top of crap. Or in Sam Brian blades 36. Hey Brian. One fast jump high. They're coming to get you. Pudge Rodriguez 29. I heard some calls about that this morning. You talk about a guy who really you just turned everybody against him in a town where all of that goodwill people were even the Jews were crossing themselves after they won the world series. You know, with Pudge having a big class in the series even the atheists were crossing themselves to emulate Pudge. Well, you missed a goal these saying this morning that he had a personal meeting with Pudge yesterday. You had a personal meet with Pudge. Yeah. And goal. He got the inside scoop. God everything. Got all the details. The inside poop. And what was it? That he's going to go to Baltimore because he wouldn't take a pay cut. You know, something guilty. You are one of the biggest asslookers. In fact, I think it's an act of justice. It's probably an act of God that guilty Zonner stuck on there with a man he hates like poison the moment. I think I think God is punishing you, Lee for being such a twerp such a little asswipe. Let you do for that hockey organization. No matter what they do, you're always suckin up because you want judgment on old job. That's number one. And number two because they got your ugly post on it. Screen on there in between periods. Screaching like a little girl. Screaching in this carrying on like a maniac. Pudge Rodriguez. Shame on you, man. 7 million a year plus the 3 million deferred from the first year, which means the next 3 years an aging guy who's not going to get any younger 10 million year to play baseball. 10 million year. Oh, that's not good enough for me. Well, screw you, man. Okay. You just send Pudge Packin. Hey, that's a good looking guy. He is a good looking guy. Well, at least he used to be. He's getting a little longer than the 2th. He, he, he reminds me of what you don't remember. H. A. Do we do you? No. And Joe Cleco from the Jets. They all had that kind of like baby face look, you know. Anyway, Pudge Rodriguez, but he didn't have a gigantic ass and believe me, I'm not in that big ass. Oh, man. He might have had the biggest ass other than Cecil Fielder. Mickey low-rich. Huh? Move on. Move on. That'd be a good poll. Who, which of these people are the biggest ass? I know somebody who's all ass. I can be on there. The beast got, no, you're not near another man category. Just not know. I have a guarantee of Cecil Fielder's ass way at least 80 pounds. Just the ass. When you think, yeah. And Mickey lowitz has before your time. Mickey had a gigantic ass. Pudge Rodriguez 29. You an ass. Pudge all ass. They hate you like Pudge. They've turned on your man real fast. And I sure is how don't blame him. I'm with him. Sammy Smith 24. Don't fumble it again, Sammy. I remember that Packers game very vividly when he fumbled the ball to the end zone. I can't remember whether the dolphin's actually came back in one that game or not, but he just, he was always not just a fumble lot, but always possible time. He was trying to snort the goal line. 9J. Davenport 13. Mercury Morris former QAM superstar had 11. Now was he on QAM before Greg Reed in this bunch of bandits took the station over or after? I'm not really sure. I don't know to be honest with you. He was on a weekend for a couple of weeks and then all of a sudden they decided not probably not a good idea, Mark. Okay. I think it's still the kosher Cowboys. Oh, the kosher Cowboys. What a couple of bastards they were. You know, my friend Bill Colbert, the late great Bill Colbert used to work for them in the mornings. And the bill was dying of cancer and they sent him. They sent a, they didn't need the courtesy to like have a meeting or even call him on the phone. They sent a courier with a message to his house. Thank you for your efforts and please don't come back. You know something like that. Guys dying of cancer. The two scumbags used they used to on a place and we thought they were bad and then of course the beesleys came in. The freaking beesleys. They're still sitting up in a tree with a kid from entry. Benny Blades had 10. Leave on had eight. Mark fits Patrick eight. I'm surprised that eight people remember Mark fits Patrick. Who is in the shadow of the beesir? The bees are made today's pull by the way which will be amazed. Demetrius underwood eight. Pete's story. Anavid six. Al Martin five. I definitely know I know Al Martino but I know Al Martin. Who the hell was Al Martin? He's a sub scrub. Who that player? He played with the violence for a little bit. Oh that's right. I'm looking for something. Where the hell is it? For Al Martino. I can't find out. Instead of that, I'll just play this. Do you know who I am? I'm Mo Green. I made my bones when you were going on with cheerleaders. Lamar Thomas spelled wrong. We apologize for that. Five. Gene Adkins for. Tony Martin for. I can't believe Tony got any because everybody's Tony Martin. I can remember his name. I apologize Tony. Good guy. Little money laundering problem. But I'm on Castro for Mark Dupers 3 who was honored in half time to get into the Lamar Mark Dupers Mark Clayton. Danny Boy was out there with us funky lips. Bobby Humphrey's appear. Cleveland Gary won and Jamie German was the beast came up with that. Nothing. It's a pretty new house. It's still a choice. The audience was less than impressed. Less than blown away with your choice. Anyway, here's a little more that Miguel finally facts. Mark Eisenberg is doing his toy drive today. 111 of these series. Parking out at the town center mall in Boca. It's the Jordan Mark's second annual toy drive. Been fitting the Jordan Assault Children's Hospital. Looking for new and unwrapped toys. I don't know if you're an asshole but don't blame little kids for that. So don't make them pay for the fact that we hate Joe to measure like poison. Okay. A lot of people are jealous because he was banging Marilyn Monroe. Or at least so it was led. What was wrong with her? I mean, did she have like some like a bad eyesight or something? Or was she just a money grabber? She only need their money. She had plenty of money for own. She married the ugliest people. Jesus, God. Who was the other Arthur Miller? The author, the playwright Arthur Miller, remember that? Yeah. Oh my God. She married these ugly old men. And this Thursday night, Mark and Joe Mark will be doing their show live. I'm cafe agrana for people to bring them toys. And they'll be there just like last year. They'll sever a clock Friday night sitting around waiting and waiting desperately for you to come by and head them out. 1027 at 560 W. If you have a showly Bloom's fashion clovers. David, wait, none. You for a long time if you have been in there yet. They'll be waiting 40 years to see your post. That's right. 40 years in the same great location. 26.15 Northwest Fifth Avenue in the Miami Fashion District. At Shelley Bloom's you'll find fine men's clothing. We added all. I got suits and sport coats, slacks, dress and sport shirts, ties. One of the biggest luck to designer shoes anywhere is in town. Shelley's got beautiful Italian slacks. Super 120s and 15 different colors. For only 60 bucks. He does not by the way carry checkered pants. George, you are a money suits itself from 13.95 to 1595 bucks. Our only 7.95 a. Shelley Bloom's fashion clovers. Shelley even offers a fantastic selection of Italian suits starting at just 225 bucks each. Service selection price are the three ingredients in a recipe that kept Shelley Bloom growing in business in that same location for 40 years plus. And Shelley guarantees he says you can bet the beast life on it that will never change. The selection is fantastic. All the races are always free with thousands of suits and stock up to size 70. Speaking of the beast, you're sure to find what you need. So stop over spending at the malls and make one great trip or may your whole bunch of trips. The Shelley Bloom's in the heart of the fashion district. They're open daily Monday through Saturday. 930 an. A.M. Till 6 p.m. You want to compare price. Get more info. Just give Shelley a call 305. 5.735890. That's 305. 5.735890. For Shelley Bloom's fashion clovers. Well worth the trip no matter where you be. My life and love. This is for trey of Icy. Way to way. And. The Lord even loves Neorodgers. When in you wait down the bank of sound. Find in a great head of peace. And when it's just the only day. Since Dammy's gonna wait. I've got a little bit of time. I've got a little bit of time. I've got a little bit of time. I've got a little bit of time. I've got a little bit of time. Since Dammy's gonna wait. Because he couldn't give her everything. This city creates just fences. Time and jail. But he should've. He had a paul for his knees. Because he's getting nailed. His ass. But racing on. Because Dammy's moving on. Yes, she's looking for the wild thing. He should've been feeling so easy. The faithful catch with tell me say, It's greasy. How he's just crying. She is smiling now. Just once we can let you be happy. But Dammy faces Jimmy's love. Grabbing. So she's smiling. While he is crying. You're here. He didn't know what James bought from our club's family. The inspired of course by the strum thermistor and that's what I voted for I think that's and that's so when and so far. That's the greatest is shocking. You know what's nobody's talking about it? Which of these was the greatest act of hypocrisy? Rush Lemba illegal pill popper? Copp who's had George W. Bush lectures about morality? Races tromburment had fathered illegitimate blank daughter 16 year old girl. He knocked her up. She had a daughter and then finally we'd find out let's see with 1941 15.62 years later we find out about it. Rush, it's got to be more than that wasn't she like 70 something? Whatever. Feline to re-represented of Henry Hard lectures Clinton on morality. I wonder how that guy out in Western is doing a piece to lie the guy whose wife and we hide stole and told that he wasn't married. Jim Baker rips off his father which turned out to be a pervert. He was selling condos in that way. What the other day called at the kingdom of something rather? No idea. King the Mugyushki. Yeah there were solid condos in other words they had like 100 condos but they were still like 200. They didn't have them. And then of course come to find out he was as cruel as brains out not only with women but with well. Jimmy Swagger it sends with hookers. My lord I have sinned remember that and then they still keep getting a son of their money. That's the thing that I love. And look what has no vote so far born again John Van B's book the Beezer calls one of his players nigger. Actually it was the goal on a minor league team he was coaching here in Canada. I don't know where to vote on this one. It was a tough choice. I voted for Strom Thurman. Because here is one of the well see you're not old no to remember just how virulent he was. He was in 1948. One of the lead segregationist in America with his dixie crat party and a whole deal and turned against the Democrats and to just a virulent racist son of a bitch. So I guess basically as philosophy was those darkies are okay in a bedroom but other nats is to keep me in their place. Okay. In fact maybe he screwed her in the back of the bedroom as opposed to luck in the front of the bedroom maybe on a packet of bed. Or maybe somebody was on their back. And that said that he let's the pull question so far. So far Strom Thurman illegitimate black daughter 12. Coke booze home George W. Bush lecturing about morality he's the guy that was bring her bring morality back to the White House after bubble with him bluestrain and squirts quarreled stains on the white dresser was at the other way around. Rush Limbaugh illegal pill popper 7 Jim Baker Ripsop his followers turns out to be a pervert five. Jimmy Swaggered sends with hookers three. Philandering Henry Hardlector's foot on morality 2 and born again John the Beezer calls his goalie a nigger no no votes yet. Nobody said I guess born again Christians can use the n word right. I've always been so good. Huh? I voted for us. 13 died 22 wounded his truck bomb explosion bagged. A truckloader with explosives that was apparently on its way to strike a police station blow up in the middle of a busy intersection in Baghdad today when a collider with a bus killing 13 people in wounding 22 the Iraqi police said. The explosion took place about a half a mile from the Amel police station in the Bayi area of the south west of South West Baghdad. Among that it were three children two girls in a boy who were ripped apart from the blast. It was horrible said second lieutenant Ahmed Suhaal. I've never seen a bomb this big. I want to remind you that every one of these people including these children who are being who dying and being decapitated in whose lives are being destroyed. Every one of these people is a victim of the illegal attack on Iraq. Just keep that in mind. While you're all swelbed up with glory and excitement about these pictures of Sodom that horrible terrorists used to be our close personal buddy. I know that's hard for a lot of people to swallow but that's the fact. I just like that letter that I read to the editor from the star. These are war crimes. Just as grotesque. Just as gruesome. Just as unacceptable. Based on a pack of lies. Here's some of those the beast is all excited about. Now I put it before the show you're pretty whipped up about it so why don't you just get sick. And then you can get some medical marriage a witty. Oh yeah. And appeals court rule yesterday that if federal law outlawing marijuana does not apply to sick people or allowed a smoke pot with an office recommendation, you're sick. Everybody in a building we go along with that. You're about as sick as they come. Yeah, yeah. So what's not to like? In fact, maybe we can get you back on balance for life. And inside your black sack, there'll be like a little something extra in the sack. Side me out. They're ruling by the night. A circuit court of appeals was a blow to the federal government. It's fight against medical marijuana. The justice departments argue that state medical marijuana laws were dumped by federal drug laws. The case also underscores the conflict between federal law in California is 1996 medical marijuana law, which allows people to grow smoke or obtain marijuana for medical needs with a doctor's recommendation. Eight of the states have similar laws. The justice department wasn't immediately available to come. It occurs to busy looking their wounds. There was a role in a big fat one. In its two to one decision, the courts had prosecuting medical marijuana. A user's under the federal laws. Unconstitutional. If the marijuana is not sold, transported across state lines are used for non-medicidal purposes. Judge Harry Priegerson wrote for the majority that smoking pot on the advice of a doctor is a different different kind from drug trafficking. The court added that this limited use is clearly distinct from the broader illicit drug market. Yesterday's ruling sent the case back to the district judge. And while the women's case is yet to be tried, the women who have brought the suit. The appeals court said that two of them straightened a strong likelihood of success on a mirror. It's how do you like that? Oh, right. That's one tiny step for mankind and one bad step backwards for the fascist in there in the DEA. The pop police. WCWM. Yeah. As far as that poll goes, how about Marion Barry for snoring the sport and cocaine and Jesse Jackson for father and shows him out of wedlock and then you'll leave the public eye and it's saying, oh, my people on me back. Or is there no racist? Yeah, it must sound like a racial thing to me. It's a racial thing. I mean, those two guys, and I think the reason I think there is there much, much more in the forefoot than strong term and especially in the last few years. Not in that Marion Barry. Jesse Jackson, I agree with you, but Marion Barry was the mayor of Washington DC. Most people, though, even though, who down Marion Barry was the thing he played for Redskins. Yeah, I was never done with him. I was never done with him. Anyway, you know what he was like. Exactly. Oh, but Jesse Jackson. I have a great holiday, pound, sick of the body. Let's get that on. Now you're going to email these Derek or not. He's probably listening because he does a lot of work. Yes, but after you're tragic, failure to communicate with him yesterday is pretty pissed off. Not. No, she actually, I, what I'm doing now this week is fact seeing the poll that I've before. Right. Because I realize it's kind of like a packed work situation out of your fillet in there for George because your main concern is the Joe Rojo. They have to do sports updates on him. I mean, consider the radio station is sports. So we're very grateful for the fact that they've loaned us the beast this week. Just to be with us and sit in there and like hold our hand. Sports. It's where it's out on this station. So let's add that on our Jesse Jackson father's illegitimate child. We, we, we ought to put the Reverend Jesse Jackson, shouldn't we? If you just make a kosher who has nothing to do with the Mary and Barry, I think he played tight in once. And, and the best part of the thing with Barry didn't they we elect him? Then he'd get like elected back in again after the first drug boss. I think so. I think he did. People like your crook like in the sunrise like John Lamello. He can man Raule Martinez and Haley. If you're really cooked, that's well like they like anyway. Like my, my, or landscape. Everybody love my idea. They're cute little dog. Use the walkies dolog and columns. What's not to like? Plus sometimes it's good to be on a good side of them. People you catch my grip. 1041 at 560 WQM if you are a sick and tear to spending all your time in a kitchen during the holidays. Why not let the number one Asian buffet restaurant the Emerald Coast do the cooking for you this holiday season. Reserve your holiday party now. Emerald Coast can accommodate even the largest groups. A small group like a small handful, which we can relate to. Or a big group like maybe even. Start your fantastic pig out at the Emerald Coast with six different kinds of soups. Have one or two or have them all just show them down your post. And dozens of second-of-one trays like New York strip made order in their sizzling Asian grill. They've got that brand new seafood shaggy drop. Enjoy oysters on a half-shell every night to a thermal coast. There's a last-can stone crab, middle-like clams, jumbo shrimp, scampy, and now for the first time ever. Steamed main lobster on the weekends. They've got handcarp primer, their new Thai specialties too. And don't forget, like I always tell you one of the reasons that Emma Coast stands out about the others. No crab, no MSG, no cornstarch, no headaches. And they cook only with cholesterol for your oils too. There's a full salad bar, a brand new sushi bar, fresh from cocktail empty into the whole deal. They've got a dessert station and a knock-your-sauce. Featuring Belgian waffles, pies, cakes, pastry, ice cream with all your favorite toppings, fresh fruit, all kinds of real good crab. Emerald Coast relocations for you there in sunrise on the corner of just off the corner, pat on on a 44th street. Just up to her she highway a block. Columns haven't had just north of 160-third north-mommy Beach, and at the MSG to fliming one tempered roads in Pemberg Pines. Take the whole family or book an ex business lunch and right now and don't forget, let him do the concord during a holiday season too. Take out and deliver always available as well. Call the Emerald Coast at 9.54. 5.7.2.38.2. 9.5.4.5.7.2.38.2. Happy holidays from Richard Null are good friends at the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet. The Papers say, it's all public now. Just is got a love child. You wouldn't have made me a mishap. Well done boys, Papers. Be fine. Yeah. And you play, you play. Like just by seeing, like my dad. Isn't trouble, it wouldn't stay well. Yeah. Come on, come on out, get in. The big part of Pines team. Yeah. Come on, you're not just a fool. This was not an out case dream. Damn, how could you say? Hey, round. The overlap is with his who you girl. I mean, it's too narrow. It's expensive to end brand new cherry-car. Maybe you even a little wist-in. In the memory gave her a word. Should we touch a beat without a beat? Make sure you want a hug. Better give me something. Just is got a love child. Yeah. Got to buy the baby's too. Well done boys, Papers. Be fine. Yeah. You're running around and waiting. She likes it spicy. Not to buy her dad. I mean, for more money, please. And trouble it would've saved. Come on out. Yeah. Give me something to have red-remonic. The big part of Pines team. Yeah. Give me no fucking play. With his balance be. Yeah. I can do it. And this was not an out case dream. I'm on my way back. 1048 at 560WQM. I see that the bees are got a vote finally. I've actually had that was Rimmer cast that vote. Boy, he hits him like poison. Are we never figured out why? I never really got the inside story on that. Let's see. From reason online, somebody sends me the, what is it? Oh, yeah. I'm glad you sent me this because they were talking about even the Umshis Bob Novak. And did the crossfire yesterday by saying, Damn it. Something about damn it. Even the right wingers think this is so ancini. So pathetic. Got a right wing Republican asshole out there in California. Doug OOS OSE. Who was introducing a Bill in Congress. He wants to increase the FCC's infamous 70 awards to eight. By doubling up on versions of asshole. So in other words, if he got his way, we couldn't say asshole on here anymore. No more. No grammatical novice. O's wants to ban nouns form noun forms as well as verb adjective gerend participle infinite forms of the words too terrible to speak. He's pissed off when I was this from reason online. Pist excuse me, peeve that you two frog man bono got away with saying, Everything during the Golden Globes were broadcast a while back. Noted first amendment attorney Robert Cornrevere's quoted in the story saying, There's no conceivable way that an approach like that could survive constitutional review. This is one of the reasons why radio and TVs have on aweswitches. Oh, man. What a concept. O's is Bill, HR 3687 is filled with dirty language he wants to ban from the airwaves. You can search for it here. Which we're not going to read it on the airfrovious reasons because we don't want them up to have another heart problem. But at any rate, the Bill says to amend section 1464 of Thedley, 1896 code to provide for the punishment of certain profane broadcast and for other purposes by inserting this and inserting it and cert this, okay you jackass. And then as used in a section that term profane used to be spectral language includes the words Schmitt. And that's that's the only way. I can't read the other one. Mother F. and asshole compound use including hyphenetic compounds such words and phrases when each other with other words that this is just unbelievable. Question for audio amateur lawyers out there says this article would it be illegal to go on TV and call O'say. I think that's the only way to do this. I think that's the only way to do this. So that's the only way to do this. That's the only way to do this. That's the only way to do this. That's the only way to do this. That's the only way to do this. That's the only way to do this. That's the only way to do this. That's the only way to do this. That's the only way to do this. That's the only way to do this. That's the only way to do this. That's the only way to do this. I'll look garbage. It's going on the world. I got these asshole. Oh, see there you go again. I can't stop doing it. It's because I'm a potty mouth. I got my professional, uh, filth sputter, filth monger. Can't have myself. That's what Jesse Jackson said he couldn't have himself. Which of these was the greatest active hypocrisy racist, strong thermated father of illegitimate black daughter. He was only 16 years old. He was screwing the slaves. 33. Rush Limbaugh illegal pill popper 31. Kof Booz how George W. Bush lectures about morality 29. Jim Baker, Rips off his followers and then turns out to be a pervert. 13. Philanary representative of Henry High lectures, Clayton on morality six. See they forgotten all of that crap. We could have put Bob Livingston on there too. The head of resign from from the house. Remember those days during the Middle of penis cake? Yes. Was he a senator Bob Livingston? I believe he was a senator. Whatever the hell it was he had a resign in disgrace. Jimmy Swagret since with hookers six. Reverend Jesse Jackson, father's illegitimate child. Three. I think that's a racial thing. And born again John Beezer. John Beezer van Beezer because his goalie and nigger one. One vote. I'm sure was rumour. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. Booster at two mad dogs off this week. Or just fumbling around, you know. Just try to get to the new year. It's one of those things that the Ashend the ratings landed last Wednesday. I wish I had a known Matt sooner out of put a lot less effort to last two days. Oh yesterday's show was really bad. That was Carlos Pekiris fault. Let's forget Beezer's little good lesson for you. When you have a bad show, you always find somebody else to blame. I always find a scapegoat. That's cool. Don't ever say, oh man, I really screwed up today. They're really crappy show. I always say, God, it must have been Moes fault. It must have been Joel Rose looking me cross-eyed. You know, put me in a bad frame of mind. I always got to be somebody else. Must have been Clarence last night for rolling over and looking the other way in bed. Just at the wrong moment. How was that thing going with a new King Coil? Oh, it's unbelievable. I heard that Clarence recoils when he sees your fat ass plop on it. Things are to Queen, so both of us have plenty of space to move around. He thinks you're a one? W-W-I-M? Hey, no, how you doing? Pretty good, sir. How did Brian talk to escape the list? He was on there? Can you say cop? Oh, that's right. You can't say that anymore. Okay, you're out. You're out. Alright. Alright. That was excellent. Great good, sir. You can't say anything no more. You can't say Schmidt, oh, see? Can't say that. Once I got to a Brian Cox can't say anymore on this station. So much. No, don't say that, Brian. Don't say it again. So much. You're out. Old number 51. He's just got kicked out. So much. What an asshole he is. You know, I once did a personal appearance with him. Why would he? I don't know. It sounds almost impossible, but it's true. He was signing autographs and I was signing autographs. And I don't remember what that was all about. But he, you know, he was nice enough to me. He was, you know, kind of gentile. He did not say it. But anyway, he said it to somebody we know. Are you sure? The mad dog is a matter of fact. Plus he gave that finger the one time to the crowd. Right. Oh, he's an asshole. Yeah. Wasn't that in Buffalo that he ever was in the bird? Yeah. Hey, Brian. How are you doing? Hey, Brian. I'm going to give you something like that. I'll put him here. What a guy. What a guy. Brian Cox. Oh, we can't say that. You're right. Very good points. He was on yesterday's ball. Already should make him a result. See, I can't say that either. Hey, represent a, oh, sound like you're giving all those jobs. Everybody's what you're doing. You piece of turd. You asshole. I better say it a lot now because they may come. Although both, what's his name? Carville and, uh, and, uh, what's his name? Bob Novak, that fascist pig under. They were like making fun of him. They were saying, man, you were an asshole. He didn't say asshole, but he didn't thought Novak pointed out that, um, what's that goofy guy with a glass is that's on that show on a weekend. It's not Mark Russell. That other guy, whatever his name is. Oh, the media show, the one that could. Yeah, Washington. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, you know what I mean? Yeah. But he had said bullshit. A couple of times on here without the M. Oh, no. Mm-hmm. And Novak, and, and no problem with that. You know, I mean, let's grow up already. Shall we? Can we grow up? No, not in America. And so, uh, Novak into the show by saying, uh, is, well, we'll be back again tomorrow. David, but then I'll be right there. Shut up. Crossfire. You know the way that's funny, where he does it. He's just he is so pathetic. So sad. How about how Tucker's in Baghdad? Yeah, mother Tucker Carlson's in Baghdad. He noticed, uh, they made him take off the bow tie. Take it. They want me to obviously have a target. So they told him probably be a good idea to take off the bow tie. They don't wear no bow ties in Baghdad. You know, he was like, oh, it looks pretty safe here to me. No, you know, he didn't say that. Yes, he did. The hell he did. He was looking over his shoulder. He was in all kinds of stuff in the background. He said, uh, even in the, no, no, no, no, wait a minute. That's right. He was saying that because of course he's got to be a bush of apologies. It was a bill Hummer. Bill Hummer, that was given a real story about how many got there. It's kind of a scary, scary place. And what I would say is, I'm so willing to wreck the world. My little little girl. This is five, six years. There ain't you go yours. You a- Are you drugs, Packing? Uh-huh. And the first day of monograph, My parents gave to me. A picture of my bad, and for me. All right. On the second day of monograph, My parents gave to me. Two stinging trade-offs in the picture of my bad, And every need's gone. On the third day of monograph, My parents gave to me. Three of these shirts, Two stinging trade-offs in the picture of my bad, And for me. Oh, why? What's that weird thing on ahead? That's a fake. Hi. On the fourth day of monograph. Oh, my girl. That's cool. My parents gave to me. Well, these kosher can't eat three of these shirts, Two stinging trade-offs. Sing the trade-offs on. No. Sing it. I'll trade-offs on my made-it out of clay, And when I wanted watching, I'll throw the thing away. No, but that nice, fight me. Hi. On the fifth day of monograph, My parents yelled at me. For one second, Chris follows trees. What's the Jimmy's got one? Maybe Jimmy's Catholic. Oh. And not what they can eat. Not what they can eat. Not what they can eat. Not what they can eat. Or a picture of my bad. And for me. Oh, my boy. On the sixth day of monograph, My parents made me sing. And for my lover, Chris, And for my family. In front of my fair. On the seventh day of monograph, My parents made me eat. Seven crazy locus. Oh, my boy. I want a Christmas tree. I want a Christmas tree. I want a Christmas tree. I want a Christmas tree. Oh, my boy. Oh, my boy. It's Christmas tree. Oh, my boy. Oh, my boy. Oh, my boy. On the eighth day of monograph, My parents gave to me. Nothing that I wanted. But I didn't think he liked us. Here, my boy. I wish. Where am I? Chris, I should have found me. Coach, you can't be free. Every shirt, two, singing titles. And a picture of my bad, and underneath. Oh, my boy. I'm gonna suck. So, I just crossed my mind. Coach, you're candy is given at Hanukkah. What kind of candy is not kosher? You see what I'm saying that was what is it what is it in kosher candy that separates it from Like crazy if it had a filling of some sort that was filling yeah to filling What do you mean by that? I don't know I'm just a filling with what like pork That would be bad. No, not like with him like with bacon bacon filled Hershey Barney There's foods obviously besides pork that aren't kosher. You know, it's the way it's made. Oh You mean like shrimp filled Oh Henry bars right exactly Whole thing sounds bogus to me. So it always shows you that the Jews are better businessmen than the Graham They come up with a holiday where eight straight days you're supposed to give a gift is supposed to just one day anybody can do it on one day You know, but eight consecutive days Let's see. Here's a fact. It says what I found most hypocritical is doubting fading your rank for possessing WMDs while the USA is the largest owner of WMDs by far Which I think is what that led her to the other red from the Toronto star was trying to say and said very well Anyway, I Notice you fact me and I appreciate it Mark the facts about there, but it's six pages you facts me here. Sorry You should be and it's a great column, but it's nothing new It says Sodom's Capcom means trouble for US officials by Jacob horn birdrard the website is fff.org the future or freedom foundation What what future or freedom? I guess it must be talking about another country Start about the secrets that could the closely guarded secrets that can be made known worldwide if Sodom starts a Sagan One of those secrets is the extent of the relationship that existed between a Reagan and Bush administrations That's Bush one and Sodom who's saying that he tells her which had never been fully disclosed by US officials There is of course that famous photograph on the internet, which is on our website still in Which rummest world in who's saying are shaking hands and making conversation in Baghdad in 1983 How did that meeting get set up who was involved in the decision making process? What was discussed? What agreements were entered into? Sodom's testimony of trial could provide some of the answers in that prospect of Sodom who's saying testifying freely openly and publicly about his relationship with Ronald Reagan president Bush one and rummest field What undoubtedly strike terror in the hearts and minds of many US officials? You know they were shown before again how they were on the verge the assultors run a verge of dropping a grenade through the hole into the spider hole right Now that would have been a bad mistake you do understand how fortunate they were that they they didn't fight back Because if they were a throwing a grenade in there and blown them to bits you think anybody would believe that a was Sodom who's saying anybody? No, no, not that we doubt the credibility of the administration But is there any chance that anybody would have believed that it was Sodom who's saying no And you'll be pleased to know for that skeptical broad the caveat today the final DNA test didn't come back yesterday and the answer was case there was any doubt in mind of anybody with an IQ larger than their nipple size it's him 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon marvelous line don't forget Mark Eisenberg in the big toy drive The Joe Mark toy drive he's out of the town center mall in Bokin the serious parking line not a one in the Qm van look for fat mark the sea still fat Bob mean you're no one to be talking about fat and either I am he's he's big boat. He's got a big bone Don't let parents here you say that good things got around a day Jolice's hell which in these was the greatest act of hypocrisy. That's our pull question They and the the daughter of Strom thermon is holding a press conference. He's gonna be speaking in a minute. I think it's a racial thing. Don't you? She's gonna be speaking Why why she holding a press conference like in that kind of like the ludicrous Oh there you go. Strom thermon daughter speaks to wait and for it to come through that dough It's indeed the daughter of the late Strom thermon. Oh, this is just a shocker a shocker a racist miserable a hateful segregation is some bitch from South Carolina Strom thermon row rednicky miserable a hateful saw that he was And he knocked up a 16 year old girl and had a biracial daughter who's now 70 years old She's gonna be holding a press conference for it. Look here a couple of words from it She's probably gonna say it's a racial thing 199 votes which of these is the greatest piece of hypocrisy rush limba illegal pill popper 63 Racist Strom thermon had fathered illegitimate black a child with a buy and the thing is changing it illegitimate black daughter 52 Koch booze hound George W. Bush lectures about morality 36 Jim Baker rips off his followers turns out to be a pervert 21 Remin Jesse Jackson father's illegitimate child 12 Feline represented Henry High lectures put on morality nine Jimmy swagger it's since with hookers nine and the board again John the b'servand B's group calls his player a nigger two I guess I remember most of all to the game. I must have got another computer voted twice I'm seriously hates the visa why I don't I don't remember I read it. No remember the reasons why just He just didn't like it my guess his personality or just something about him and then of course when the visa became born again Then he became a real pain in the ass. We know how those born again people are oops kind of like the orthodox Jews oops Like Julie Roman you know this lever man is now the hatchet man is the Democrats tried this believe in not to wait Howard Dean see what's going on now? Just ripping and shredding and tearing he's the pivot man and the attempt to to whisper some life back at it Other than dying the flailing campaigns of carry and give heart and of course Lieberman himself great that gives me a lot of hope and the idea that Lieberman that there are people actually believe That he has a chance to be the nominee much less be elected. I mean what are these people thinking about no chance? I It's just it's so frustrating to watch the way the media behaves and and people in general I'm sure I've been turning that since right after the election in fact when it when the Chad County was still going on You could look at that electoral college map and you could see that they haven't a Jew on the ticket was the kissadeth in states that Gor otherwise might have won including his own state Tennessee That's that that was the end of that was the kiss of death putting a Jew on the ticket and not just a Jew on a ticket Like maybe car 11 from Michigan who's like a really good guy, but I had orthodox fanatical right winged you to top it all off. Oh, man You have me a break So that even reasonable Jews would have been turned off by which I am he he makes my skin crawl and Is my as little I don't know the big Chris Matthews fan. I don't like a way talks out of the corners of both corners of his mouth You know there's something he's got some kind of a speech effect. Do you think? Yeah, he's odd he's he's strange and he's all over the place But I will say he did a really good job, man. He when he's done these On the college campuses, you know, and they do these series of things with the different candidates He doesn't take any bull crap. He really pushes these guys for answers and He just rest roasted a leverment like for breakfast lunch and dinner I mean, he just toasted and roasted and basted him. It was a beautiful thing. I just got on Chris. I won't tell you talking about Line one is working by the way, Beast WQ. I am Chew A n I get Give me Reverend Jones I think now yeah, we talk about some positive Reverend Jones WQM hello, can I talk to Neil please speaking? Yeah, I'm a long time Whistner and I can't listen inside work because I can't pick up a.m But a lot of my friends have been listening and they said you've been playing really funny song about the dolphins Yeah, I'm driving my dad to the doctor right now We both love the dolphins, but we are not to have you right now could you please please like in here And we can hear it absolutely in fact it's coming up right after this commercial break. Okay, so Drive slow I will I'm happy on it and back to you. Thank you Don't eat any trade out candies No Mars bars with pork Wigomol Second by 12 minutes after lunch. We don't want to rub that in by playing that dolphin thing again. Do we yes? We do We still got a shot. We got a shot. Oh man a year after you had a same tired neurotic craft man neurotic repetition They're just focused on buffalo That's right and no one in the snow. I don't know what it's gonna be like I and some of the I don't think it buffalo is expecting I shouldn't know what it's like because I get all the buffalo channels here It's gonna be cool there'd be like maybe a little bit of snow But it is December it's December just keep that in mind these December 21 deep into December keep that in mind I'll do dolphin folks Especially coach one said is it he's too busy to worry about getting canned right now He's got on his mind is buffalo Yeah, the bigger place we live in fact put on a mwy socks and do some bowling. They'd be good for you What the best kept dining secrets in town? It's right in press these is curl springs the gold co-seafood grill You weren't there when they brought the food in for George Royan. No a few weeks ago He said it was absolutely Sensational gold co-seafood grill just celebrated their when you're anniversary they got three and have starts from the Sun sentil showtime dining review The gold co-seafood grill is loaded with all kinds of fantastic mouthwatering dishes like Mango plum salmon on and crushed it. My he may he orange honey glazed sea bass and crab and shrimp stuff Trout there's an incredible bar atmosphere to it the gold co-seafood grill extensive line of martini list big martinis during happy hour Only five and a half bucks from four to seven PM seven days a week so big you could probably and maybe even a beast could take a bath in him The gold co-seafood grill at a curl spring 2752 North University drive inside the beautiful walk shopping center for reservations and more information call nine five four Two five five fish as in squish the fish you can die inside around side and large parties and private functions are welcome to Experience the best kept secret in lunch and do denying and all of South Florida It's the fantastic gold co-seafood grill in curl springs 2752 North University drive inside the walk shopping center the gold co-seafood grill where you always find great seafood and great prices to go along with Thench of palmanor Puppers over this performance by the dolphin I Ami has the dolphins there the worst football team a club the ball from gold or like no one's ever seen They're on the ground that's where they'll stay there never in control And when you say Miami you're talking toilet holders there the Miami dolphins Miami dolphins Miami dolphins number Only teens and a week 32 Miami dolphins Miami dolphins don't bet on them you always They don't know how to tackle they don't know how to block their coaches all to tell them to put Then they and their chuck then they would run much faster and even in defeat When we go to the stadium we'll see my amy. And there the Miami dolphin Miami dolphins Miami dolphins number only teens and a week 32 Miami dolphins Miami dolphins The team that hasn't got a clue Miami has the dolphins but the dolphins have no fence just 50,000 as whole Sitting in the stands they watch the game and all they do is mowing right in the church I wonder how joe Abbie got to be so goddamn rich in there the Miami dolphins Miami dolphins Miami dolphins number how many teens and a week Miami dolphins Miami dolphins I hear the crowd begin to boo The dolphins have faith-feetler that quarter backs at you Run down the field and he will throw up past over you I'll never win a super bowl you shouldn't be surprised When he gets cut that doesn't mean that he was certain Size in there the Miami dolphins Miami dolphins Miami dolphins number how many teens and a week Any two Miami dolphins Miami dolphins She calls his signals and he brews But dolphins have no defense and their offenses at joke Like George Bush eating pretzels You know they're gonna choke they'll always dis a point you when they're in a playoff race With fewer points than park marks on high zingas ugly face and they're the Miami dolphins Miami dolphins Miami dolphins number how what the hell 32 Miami dolphins Miami dolphins Miami dolphins Now they're free Oh 1121 at 5.60 WQAM You know it's every time in the last hour how many years now But third man actually it is isn't it? Since 72.73 about 30 years every time there's one of these games at Like a must game for the dolphins Like the sacred game up in the evening that was a must game right? Yep There's a paper it's already wrapped up the division but for the dolphins it was a must game They lost the Eagles game on Monday night it was a must game They lost It's always the same every year. It's always that here's the comes to the big game This is the moment forget about everything that happened before in the season This is a must game and And usually it's pretty embarrassing that's always surprised they put a pretty good battle against the Eagles Against a far superior team, but you know, it still comes out a big L In the standings a big loss How is the mark hasn'tberg doing? I see gonna be reporting in with us actually we don't need to I mean he's not gonna be so no Mr. Neil is he Try he's got the best meal merchandise. He's got our CDs the invest up 2002 2003 or is it the other way around What ever how it is hey, I got a hundred bucks last night For what In the point I was out there with Joe Coline which is he speaking based Gaelic That's what the funded from him a Gaelic See you got a hundred bucks nice going Josh. That's not the hundred. I don't know what the total is because we get those two busy bit of their dash in the arena The ring's not in the building though. She's been You should see me go running around the building like his head's cut off No, I don't know we're gonna have to take that off the off the key chain if that that O's guy gives us the O's job Would add bill that bill by the way's got two chances none and much much less than none you asshole Representative O's Huh, that's a good to say about Jesse Jackson market down Jesse Jackson marches to protest drug sweep while there he is always exploiting every situation making into my racial thing I wonder if it only would have been my kids of that school. Do you think it'd have been there? No, no North Charlton South Carolina The Reverend Jesse Jackson led hundreds of marches carrying signs and chanting slogans yesterday to protest a drug sweep In which police with guns drawn ordered students to the floor We talked about that story extensively on a show and by now you must have seen those pictures many many times Critics say the way to peer to a targeted black students which police have denied Seeing it's a racial thing even on the right saw a lot of white kids didn't you see them pictures? Feast I never actually saw them though you never saw the stood and first they had those greeny pictures You know from the surveillance cameras then seeing in somehow got a lot better quality pictures that even had the audio What do we want justice when do we want it now Canada marches just say no to the police state red one sign Excellent police state we're not talking only about in South Carolina We're talking about the USA. We got a freaking police state. We got the word police or John Ascrop got fine for We'll get to that For his last campaign for the Senate which he lost with dead man John Ascrop's are getting his ass deeper and deeper into trouble Speaking of assholes We're gonna march again and again and again Jackson told those are rally in front of city hall They'll get bigger and bigger until there is fairness in the land said Jesse Now which daughter do we like the most? Jesse's daughter or that one from a strum terminate The November fifth rate on my birthday no less they got some stink in her bit strat for high and nearby goose creek Do national attention after video from surveillance camera showed students ordered to the floor While officers with guns and a drug dog searched them About a hundred students were searched no illegal drugs were found and nobody was arrested Besides denying any racial profiling police have said they believe the aggressive tactics were needed to ensure the safety of the officers and other students I mean somebody might have pulled out a joint and shot somebody with it right Two civil suits related to the rate have been filed in federal court state and federal officials are investigating Who are there any chronologicals were broken by the police the cops burst into the school or the main hallway very aggressively And started pointing their guns at everyone as if we were criminals stratford freshman Carl Alexander told a crowd senior Telly were a Tory Richards and fought back tears as she spoke She said it hurts my sister still has to go through that school. I don't want to go through the same thing that happened Or I want anybody else's kids to go through the same things she said As Jesse Jackson is there leaning hundreds in a protest at stratford high in South Carolina as fascism in America continues once more Man, so it's a frightening thing to see that as their goose step at all around the brown shirts would air helmet a bunch of helmeted freaks 567560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line don't forget mark Eisenberg is out there someplace I think we ought to start sending Scott Junior. I'll just just in the van. You know, no, not to any place in particular Just drive it around and see if he can find like a spot. You know what I explained to us where he is He's a lost soul WDQ I am The meal yes, sir and I a couple of things of Miriam elephant, you know what's fired? Yeah, definitely was racially motivated. Have she been why she do would at kick or fat that's out of that or law? That's good point. That's right. That was racially motivated. I was a racer. I can't find it. I kept her solo right the other thing I have a very good idea about Saddam Hussein. Let's clean up the guy putting back in power and Have him saladable oil, you know, make us promise not to Invade the gangsters inside there. They've been Kuwait and somehow when he pears back with the oil money What we spend on the stupid war Make it surely doesn't get into the hands of Holly Burton and Cheney and Bush gang. Yeah, well, you know that ain't going to be good off. Yeah, okay, have a great day pal Is that gonna you know, that's why that ain't never gonna happen I had a all in of course Diane Sawyer how come we didn't get any calls yet about the president's interview that that's Sparkling March Malotos with Diane Sawyer. I saw about two minutes of that Then I went back to my hockey game. That was pathetic. Hey Diane your pathetic. No wonder was Diane Sawyer that said in fact didn't she ask that to the president too? Can you describe it with just how smelly the hole is Seriously, and you said don't talk about kind of leas like that This is for 20. Oh But I was gonna play there because here comes strong thermons bi-racial daughter. She's 70 years old. You watching this Uncertainly not news network. That's a woman Would you just that that's a bad May Washington, Williams a daughter a strong gentleman My name is S. E. May Washington, Williams a right my mother who is now deceased was named Carried Butler and she worked for the thermon family I was born and aching Sawyer, Lyna, or October 12 1925 My father's name was James Stom thermon About six months after I was born My aunt S. E. At the home I was named took me to Pennsylvania When her sister Mary Washington came to Pennsylvania She took me with her to come to her A small town near Philadelphia She and her husband John Washington adopted name They were very good parents to me and for that I will be eternally grateful I attended the public schools in Coatsville until I graduated from Scott high school Following my graduation yeah, good high school I enrolled at South Carolina State College Upon the recommendation of my father There I made you in business education After my second year in college you fall in a separate and later married my husband, Julius Williams He was in his second year in the newly opened South Carolina State College Law School He was one of the first graduates from the Law School My husband and I were blessed with four wonderful children This could be the most boring crap I've ever put on here in my life. I got I got an or sorry I'll see me whatever your name is don't you think I need a flow chart to fall Yeah, she's doing your whole family tree is what she's doing What did she say she was kind of Julius Irving something like that Irving thought her about what she had always So much a Jew thing to me Anyway, there's the LC May and she's the daughter of strum thermon and she's 70 years old and her mother was a 16 year old Made it the time that strum knocked her up and I got a yada yada yada yada yada yada What a disgrace man now here's the fact that says I demand demand not request I demand That you stop talking about the dolphins I listen to your show how it's sperm rush met all of the non-sport shows to your entertaining not entertaining But entertaining and info stop doing that you bastard love Craig and Miami Okay, Craig and Miami won't talk about the dolphins, but here's the weather for Buffalo for Sunday Just just in general not because there's any game going on there It doesn't look like no snow there might be some snow Friday and Saturday over the weekend not a lot It's no showers, but some day cloudy high 36 low 21 So the weather will not be an excuse it doesn't look like the exclusive be of course Then it's a must game and it's December put those two together when you got oh A bad scenario that's enough Craig and Miami you're right enough with that crap 560 to show to picture of a strum thermon when he was still alive just barely Going into a limo just just aching and baking and quaking Look at that look at that look on his pussy. It's a life that was around. Oh my god. Yeah, it's not Yeah, what is a four-teeth still in his pussy? What a piece of crap man But in America you just can't say the truth he after pretending he was just a great American and a great old senator in a good old boy, you know How many QAN? Yeah, sir Good morning good afternoon evening me too. Oh, yeah, Pally. Oh boy WDQ I am That's stay freedman. Yes, sir. I know man pretty good Listen, um speaking of the dolphins Thank God for out there they can't back this year with the vengeance Can you imagine was store for us next year What does that mean oh my god all the problems that did at the beginning of the year Did it we're gonna have an awesome year and go put it to turn out to be yeah So what are our and darn you getting used to it? I mean I mean the ball press is I got it to his country 1968 right? I'm Got it's not probably my little back. I told my son They got a least I seen Doppers in championship because son. I don't see you see in any anytime soon. No no time in his lifetime you're right And what ever happened to the thanks for calling lady? Oh dead Is she good? Yeah What a shame yeah, she was a one of our favorites This is a call Have a reality pile the bottom material 5670560 pound 560 only 18 and T Verizon line we got from sex stories here China jails 14 over Japanese orgy This is a story from a few days the wax fell though the story is dated today, but Came out a few days ago two Chinese hotel workers were sentenced to life in prison yesterday or today For organizing a sex romp involving hundreds of Japanese tourists in the case to hit a raw nerve in China and spark public outrage I mean this is a country with obedient people so somebody must be screw in somebody Right Something must be some kind of sex going on in China you would think so But they are so damn up tight even representative O's of California that asshole even he'd be a shock by this Twelve other Chinese people were sentenced to prison terms of up to 15 years and police asked Interpol to help find three Japanese Inspector of soliciting prostitutes for the orgy which coincider with the second 70 second anniversary of the strategy pants occupations of China State media said the sex pre-inmits had tempered a five-star hotel in the sudden province of Guandong We can't see that either involved hundreds of Japanese tourists in Chinese prostitutes The scandal triggered outrage in China where antagonism toward Japan has never been far below the surface since millions were killed Or wounded during about 14 years of Japanese occupation before and after and during WW2 Twelve defendants received yelpsenses of from two to 15 years for organizing prostitution or assisting the Organization of prostitution the case also lived at the disciplining of 15 officials with the police and tourism bureau for negligence of the What do you like that they're pretty pissed off and fird up that those emerald Japanese are coming in there screwing around with him people Speaking of emerald people bush bush city could ban back gay marriage ban President Bush said yesterday could support a constitutional amendment to ban gay marriage Does one of that fact stuff going on about he's in at at the head of the wheel Is he at the head the Massachusetts Supreme Court last month struck down at states ban on same-sex Merit saying it's unconstitutional and give me stay lawmakers six months to crack away for gay couples to win You ought to be pleased about that you can move back to Massachusetts You in clearance turns have been in Boston Not sure you can show them the sights loved you can you can take a ride on him or Paul Revere Bush's condemned they're running before citing a support for federal definition marriages a solely man woman union on Tuesday criticized it as a very activist court and making them decision-it-made The court I thought over reached its bounds as a court for who said it did the job at legislature Previously though Bush has said he would support whatever is legally necessary to defend the sanctity of marriage He and his advisors have shyed away from specifically endorsing a constitutional amendment asserting that definition But on Tuesday as in yesterday The president waited deeper into the topic saying state ruling such as the one of Massachusetts and a couple of other states undermined the sanctity of marriage and could mean that we may need a constitutional amendment They call the anti-fagament If necessary, I will support a constitutional amendment that would honor marriage between a man and a woman codify that he said the position of the administration is that whatever legal arrangements people want to make they're allowed to make So long as it's embraced by the state or at the state level Bush said he believes his view on the topic does not make him intolerant Right I do believe in the sanctity of marriage, but I don't see that as a conflict with being a tolerant person or an understanding person he said His remarks do criticism from gay rights groups. It is never necessary to insert prejudice and discrimination of the Constitution A document that is a proud history of being used to expand an individual liberty and freedom not take them away said Winnie Stackleberg political director of the human rights campaign So you'll be pleased that I'll breathe easy the president says whatever it takes to keep them feet on him fags Man, he's gonna do it stop him down. How's Mark Eisenberg doing out there at the town center in Boko? Haven't got an update like I said he's lost My local your sports video 5.62 a new a M Tonight kick it tonight kick it tonight Walk the wall block we're gonna kick it tonight. Hey Jim Kelly by the court Oh Oh What better Yeah Didn't Hm Oh no praise! Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh. 11y 8, 12 minutes until the lithe of inexpensive 240 cm, recidity Hugh A.M. Newsweek reports is article by Christ in Carroll, the little piece of it. Before the invading Iraq was one of the world's most tightly controlled societies. Only a few specialized stories could sell boos and in recent years, drinking was banned outright of ther's al alimasing in hotels. Except, maybe, or I don't know, there's alim lysine there. Many in the ministry of culture kept the strict watch against even mildly naughty movies, magazines, and films, convicted prostitutes could be beheaded. Hard-cored drug abuse was virtually unknown if he didn't count certain members of Sodom's immediate family in their close friends. Now Iraqis like Ali, and it's got this Ali character to have the stories about, are making up for what they've missed and many other Iraqis young and old are blaming America. Some people say the spread of such things is designed to weaken our society, says Colonel Iwood Selman, a police chief and one of Baghdad's roughest districts, every day we hear from people on the street not just to religious people, but ordinary people too. Iraqis call it the bad side of freedom. The problems go far beyond Baghdad's tailgate liquor bizarres where wild-catch shopkeepers pedal booze from the back of cars, or the arrays of skin magazines unfold display at the teaming, Bobby Sharjee Market in the heart of town. The worries isn't the only growing up, is known as growing number of visibly intoxicated people around the market, or the pharmacope of pills that are really available there without prescription. Maybe Rush can go to Baghdad. Stuck up on Samoxi. What bothers many Iraqis apparently even some of those who make their living from the sin industry is the question of where Iraq is headed. Walked down the street from the market to the adult cinemas where 70 cents buys an all day ticket, and the audience hoots in protest of a non-ported graphic trailer in reps the action. We have to compete with the satellites as the manager of one theater almost apologetically, a third of the country's population is estimated to have access to pornographic TV channels by satellite dish for those who don't enter pricing dealers, becord the footage on video discs and sell them for a pitence. Under Saddam this would have been automatic six months in jail, says of ender who keeps ultra-exuars and a drawer for special customers, and his video shop and Baghdad's Karatah district, now nothing will happen to us. And it goes on a great life. So in other words, you get more freedoms in Iraq than we got in the US, like that the poor lady in Texas that we had the story on yesterday about her a deal though arrest, her sex toy arrest in Texas, no, you've heard of Tex-Mex, there's no Tex-X, that's the problem, banned in Texas. Speaking of that, D.A.D. filed charges against Jackson, it's about time is that they sure are drag and this thing out a lot. Give us something to look forward to. Saddam Barber County prosecutor said they'll file charges in a molestation case against Michael Jackson Thursday or Friday, and they've hired a public relations firm to handle the expected crusher of news media inquiries. The charges will be filed at the court house in Santa Maria near the singer's never-land ranch, district attorney Thomas Stedden said in the statement, Stedden is hiring a firm to deal with the media-drew-mediod criticism from Jackson family spokesman Brian Otsman, he said it was improper because the district attorney is supposed to try the case in court, now in the press. Otsman also repeated criticism of Stedden from making jokes at a news conference last month when Jackson's arrest warrant was announced. It's an affront to common sense if not professional ethics, for a D.A.D. to have a celebrity crisis management team, which is what this new PR firm styles itself as being Otsman said. He added first we had a press conference where the D.A. told jokes, and now we have a PR firm, or the D.A. has hired that also represents the cartoon at work. A secretary at the D.A.'s office said Stedden would have no further comment. So tomorrow or Friday, I'm pretty sure it's going to be tomorrow. Are you, can you smell the coming? Are you here? I'm here. Are you awake? Are you getting out of quiet? Off the car, like you're taking a snooze, or maybe like you're eating. Nope, I just sent another shake though. Yeah, bull crap. It's not like you got the shake saw. I said I not have another shake. Yeah. In between the potato pancakes and brisket that the court he said, oh, that'd be good for Friday if we could arrange that. Corquise to arrange some juice food. Well, how are we going to arrange that? I can't do it. I can't do it by long long this. I'm still looking for the word. I don't know. I've been begging for it for two days. They don't see them. They know I'm not there. So they're not going to bring you away. They don't give a crap about you. And for a goi like Josh, I got to bring him. But they don't like his. You don't even know what that hell that is. He doesn't. No, he's not going to clue what it is. He probably like it though. In fact, the Duff said this morning, he's got something for Josh. That he doesn't know what it is, but he'd probably like it. And Josh ran out in the hallway. Looking for help. 354 votes on the poll. And of course, it's a good thing Clarence said that this week because he would run into him. He did come back inside. Talk about being cornered. Which of these was the greatest active hypocrisy. That's our poll on theorangers.com today. Rush Limbaugh, illegal pill popper, he'll be on an eight minutes by the way for the right wing. I did a heads out there. Don't miss Rush, baby. La ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta. Yeah, phony baloney. 104 c's the biggest hypocriter of all. I'm going first that I put that that lady on there that what's your name? LC May Schwartz. That her name is. Come on. God, that was pathetic. She looks just like Thurman. Looks just like Tram though. Just like him. Obscurious. She looked exactly like him. Racist Tram the Thurman had fathered illicitment black daughter 84. Hope booze home George W. Bush lectures about morality 67. Reverend Jesse Jackson follows illegitimate child 33. I think it's a racial thing myself. Jim Baker Ripsop is followers turned out to be a pervert 32. Jimmy Swaggered, since with hookers 17, Philan who represented the Henry Hyde, lectures Clinton on morality 15, and born again John the Beezer van Beezbrook calls one of his players the gold tender actually was a nigger 2 out of 354. Rumor voted twice. He's not fooling me. 560, 560, pound 560 on a AT&T, and Verizon Wireless Line. Don't forget little schedule change, market down for those who keep score at QM every day. It is a sports station. You have to keep score. Close to retool today. No mad dog. He's a coolness heals. Boops you'll be a choice. You can go watch him eat. Boops you lost a lot of weight. He's kept dog. He looks pretty good. Good man. He's in you can ask him in person before it goes on here. Hey boo what's the likes of working with a dead man? That's a family. Why do you say that? They've been born a such a nice guy. He's horrible. He's brutal. I don't care if he's a nice guy. There's a lot of nice people. If you're out on the street corner right now meet nice people. That doesn't mean we ought to put him on the air. To broadcast ball games. Joseph Gekke's a nice guy. He's horrible. Great. He's embarrassing. I like to allow him. But his perfor. See you can't separate. That's the problem with you. You can't separate the wheat from the chaf. When your spad is you are your chafelot. You probably have to put like a lot of cashmere bouquet in a lot of gold bond powder. In your crock area from all the chafing, especially in a summertime. The crow said he'd loan you some of his. Some of that cashmere bouquet that he bathes in. No but you can't separate the difference between somebody you like and somebody who's got talent. Do you see what I'm saying? Now you have to, well you won't have to because you won't do it. You must admit if you're going to be the least bit honest. The Joseph Gekke is not a good play by playing out. I'm saying that so I'm being so diplomatic. No, that can that thing. I want to respond to him on Furby. You jump out words. Okay, see you won't do it because he doesn't want to shoot him. So does a great job. I think Joe does a great job. Of what? Do it in the games. Get outta here. Now you, as he got his legs and fingers and eyes crossed, Josh, you've got to be kidding me. Oh my, oh my! You are so full of crap, man. See actually the beast isn't fat at all. He weighs 150 to rest of it's all crap. If you could ever get all the crap out of your body, you'd weigh like I said, 150 pounds. Soking wet. All right, setting him aside. A davant boring. Now you've got to admit the guy is just coma inducing. He doesn't inject even the slut. How do you compare davant boring for example with boo? When boo is doing his uh, innings of the game, whatever it really does. How do you make that comparison? I think boo's a lot more enthusiastic. Yeah, which is a backhanded way of saying that davant's boring is hell. He is coma inducing. Why can't you just say it? You know it's true. You told me that before we went on the air this morning, you said he's the most boring man on a radio in history. Did you say that? No. Well, I just made it up. I'm trying to butcher you up a little bit. I'm trying to put you beyond beyond the state. There's just being another asslicker, okay? There's millions of asslickers out there in the uh, naked city. Why do you want to be another one? There's too many asslickers in this business. Why can't you just tell the black it is? Why can't you say he's a nice guy, but his work sucks. Just like I say. I don't show it. I don't think it's work sucks. I think he's professionally does a decent job. He's just not Mr. excitement. Oh, god, you're you're hopeless. You're really hopeless. 560 to 20560. The beast is a wimp. The beast is a suck hole. The beast has got his head way up in there. In fact, maybe the beast has got his eyes on daves' wife. And more, this is for trail by city. Way too AM. At a homeland security dam ridge, advising you to put duct tape on your radio when I raise the morning color to think for the Neil Rogers 12 to 1 hour. 10 What the highest summa gave me when they made it to me all the time, but go ask,"Willow, You're a shook-y fuel well-supply. If you need a ball, founding them footballs, you'll be able to bring me to a higher-assimal play. I can have a groom, rather than not get posted. Change to my friends in a higher-mold play. Go ask Willow. Should get you some horse and a handful of baseballs. You can see it. I invite my sub-legance and ready to build bulls up and sub-perce you. In other December's, friends, let's extract the gold out of their teeth and rotate the proceeds to the R&C. As we show a vice-a-force for our glorious leader, as well as Ruma. You'll get you through your show, and you'll be able to build a bull-mold by putting a logic out of proportion to justify your seemingly-made out-mars. I'm talking backwards, my little friend. Oh, damn, how's it going? Let's get you guys, please go. Yeah, remember what we're swimming balls in. All drug abuseers should be dead. This is for quite a lot of stuff. Come on, 3-5-60, W-2-M-Happy holidays to you. Booster for a mad dog at 2-The-Humper, the load at 4. Now, who's going to be a chulose? I believe it. Who's going to chulose Hank, the Humper in the studio? I don't wonder when we're going to hang 4-5. Then you got your pants in preview at 7-9. Big game, anybody going to be there? No. He watched in crampittals, man. He really sucked at the a panther. He's oughta be a good match. 7-3-9, maybe got a shot to win. After the hockey game, it's ADK and Jol and Mark overnight, 2-5. And Mark Eisenberg right now, to win his toy drive, to want to clock at the Sears Park and Lot, town center mall in Boca. He's got the best meal stuff with him. Any report yet? No. Yeah, he's got one toy. For us? No, for the drive, obviously. Or for him. He just pocketed 120 bucks. Well, that's not too bad. 120 bucks. I haven't spent nothing. No, no, he got one toy. Oh, one toy. That you said 120. He's got one toy? One toy. No. Man, I'll say that, Jol and Mark. Even even our group all scot. Jol and Mark, between the two of you guys, the problem is that their people are all sleeping right now. See their audiences up to the five in the morning, to the night owls, to the degenerates, to the other one. So, when they're drugged, you'll speak the second around in the dark night. Wait and sitting on the edge of their bed, waiting for most voice to come on, put them to sleep. So, that's not the right time of day. They'd be ought to be doing their things overnight, like late at night in a parking lot. Sell some stereo speakers, things like that, and pick up some toys. So, they got one toy. I thought you said 120. One toy. Oh, that's bad. Anyway, I've done as much as I can for him. But Dean leads Democratic pack in Pennsylvania holding Bush under 50 percent. See, this two-leagrement man, this guy is really frosted my as big-time. I mean, pissing me off. Going on the all-out attack. I mean, he occasionally mentions you know, Bush didn't have a plan. Yaddi, yaddi, yaddi, yaddi, yaddi, yaddi. But he's just, he tried to decimate Howard Dean, because he's the, he's the a-pimp now. Joligrement. The reason him is the attack dog. Great. But the good news is Howard Dean is pulling ahead of the Democratic PAC among Pennsylvania voters and is the only candidate to get this from the prestigious Boston Globe. The only candidate to keep President Bush under the crucial 50% mark occurred to a poll released only moments ago. The Quinnipiac University poll shows Dean the former Vermont Governor holding a double digit lead over his closest Democratic rival in Pennsylvania, the nation's fifth largest electoral prize, Dean gets 28%. He appeared to 17% for Jewelie Burman and 10% for Dick Gibhardt, only 10% Pennsylvania like Dick. Former General West now, he, you know, Clark isn't doing much, you know, are you kind of surprised? Yeah. I thought he'd be doing like right up there. I'd really know no why because he had a lot of Delhi, and South Florida hates some really good post-traumys sandwiches. One of them turned out to be encoder. Former General West, the Clark elected 9% Senator John Kerry's 7% he looks really scary good old John Kerry. Too much to go, Dean held a mere 5% of the support. How many of them? Too much to go, Dean at 5% now he's got 28. Look, a runaway freight train, a popular freight train is just running through America, baby. How about how hard to handle the bandwagon? No. You don't? I'm a carry guy. And that's that Massachusetts thing. He is that. Oh, just because he looks like his faces already been extra mile rush more. Would a craiggy pussy his? He's nothing man. No, that's because I met him before. Oh, well, that, that, my, I'm going to vote for Greg Reed. I met him. In the race of the Democratic presidential nomination, Howard Dean, I'm going to vote for Mike Rosen-Tall. I met him. And that's got to be the most stupid thing I've ever heard, Beast. And I see, you're, at least you're consistent. You're consistently full of crap. Like suck it up to Joseph Gackie. I'm not talking about personally about talent. Suck it up to David and boring and being, I mean, you just, you know, you talk of good game. But when push comes the show, you know, when you really are giving the opportunity to open up that fat mouth of yours and tell it like you really feel you can't do it. You're, you're just too much of a whim. You pretend to be like Mr. Out of Rages and Mr. All he's talking about Joe's contract and channel. So, you know, all the inside stuff about and you never did tell us the inside stuff about Moe, this audience would lick your ass. What do you mean? There's no anything. You get some of those stories that you always used to come in and like zip your lip at all. If you only knew of you only knew how about stuff. How about after you fired me from a show when he called me cell phone and, and it can, he, excuse me of telling all of his audience that, uh, he was a bad man and they should call up his show and, uh, T. He called you on his cell phone and told you, yeah, he called me on his way home from the show one day accusing me of like a spreading bad PR about him that his audience turned on him because of me. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. You should answer the phone. Howard from Broke. That's incredible. So now you're redeeming yourself. That's one really good tid, but that's excellent. Keep thinking of some more of them. We'll have 80 share by the end of the day if you just start revealing me. He called you on your cell phone and bitched you out in a queues view of turning the audience against him. At least you got him off my ass anyway. Briefly. Anyway, Dean 28 in Pennsylvania, Lieberman 17, give our 10, Wesley Clark O'Neighen percent, Carrie 7. In the race with Democratic presidential nomination the Howard Dean Badwick in the beginning to roll in Pennsylvania said play after Richard's assistant director of the Hampton Connecticut based Quinn P.A. University polling Institute. Lie Insta Tuta. Senator Lieberman and Representative Gibbard are holding on but gender Clark and Senator Carrie are back in single digits, he said. Even more telling. Dean would hold Bush to a 49 to 43 percent margin while a president would score 50 percent against Lieberman Carrie and Clark and 51 percent against Gibbard in Pennsylvania to the polls shows. But a slim majority of Pennsylvania voters are upset with the president for rolling back steep tariffs on steel and ports earlier this month. More than a year before it was sent to expire, the tariffs indeed the Republican president to political allies in what is it politically key rust bill states including Pennsylvania but now he's of tourists. So there you go. Dean is doing well in Pennsylvania. He's way ahead 23 point A. New Hampshire. He's going to do damn good in Iowa, maybe even win it. The Lieberman says he wants to do good in South Carolina, Arizona and some other gracious thing. I mean who the hell is he kidding? How many Jews out there in those three three states put together? About third man. They're going to vote for Jewelie Breman, who the hell is he joking? I got a great story, a great article about George Soros, one of my favorite people in the world who is now even more, one of my favorite people. First of all, he's got a lot of money, maybe he'll owe me some. This is a great article from cybercastnewservicecnsnew.com. George Soros, atheism fuels conservative rage. I love it. I'm going to read this. It's long. Do I have your permission to do it? Go ahead. I'm not going to do it right now. Okay. Because I'd have to interrupt myself. Well here's one you can relate to. Fifty cent. Fifty cent. One of your kind of people. I guess your rose don't like that kind of music though. He doesn't like the thug music. Yeah, I don't either. I hate it. I don't like the thug music. I don't like the whole concept. I'll ambience the whole gangster. The whole gangster thing. You know. That's right. I forgot it's a racial thing. I thought it was against the thing. I thought it'd be bad. George, I'm way out of it. Trapper Fifty cent recently accepted a video music award with his mentor Eminem. He isn't acting when he wraps about murder and mayhem and videos like many men. In real life, Fifty was shot nine times. Did you know that? How many times? How many times? Yeah, thanks Robert. He survived to make monster hits like Inda Club. Now he's getting hit with a barrage of lawsuits over his posseys allegedly violent behavior. I'm watching your posseys. That's what I told Scouran. I do every day. Music video actor Jamar Isam is about to lawsuit against Fifty cent real name Curtis Jackson. Charging the rapper's bodyguard struck him in a face with their fists. While it was at Rally Studios in Manhattan Beach to make a Fifty cent video, Jamar said he had photos taken of his injury shortly after the beating and in this police reporter witness confirmed the attacks. By the way, speaking of photos at a beating, whatever happened to those Michael Jackson photos that were supposed to be germane to the case. Remember that he was abused by the police? How could we didn't see those? Don't know. Anyway, this guy says he was the guy just rushes me and tackles me in all five six guys. Just come on top of me. Oh boy, the beast is getting excited about hearing that. Scouran, Scouran. Just stop and make kicking me my head just touching me. I couldn't do anything. I since it happened after we told to go to Wardrobe to thug up for part of part in the video. Thug up. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. It says it was waiting for his costume with several other extras when Fifty cent body guards told him to stand back and flying Fifty cent was in Wardrobe and they were too close. Iceman says they politely comply but says guards chose to attack him moments later anyway. Iceman's lawsuit is the latest in a stringer complaint say limo drivers also suing Fifty cent charging the rappers body guards attacked him after he picked them up in his limo Alabama with it without a banjo on his knee. And even the surgeon who treated Fifty cents bull are wound spheres who go with suit charging on paid medical bills. Now this suit demands Fifty cent also paid medical bills to mars as he racked up after his beating. Dermars says I've worked with a lot of people I've never had a problem. He says the beating left him with lingering pain smashes career he finds himself being shut out of the music video business. He says they blackballed me from the business and I'm just the innocent guy here. They blackballed and it sounds like a play on words to me. Court allow this is the story that they've the cop was foaming at the mouth of out in the past me yesterday. And just have a good point, this roach you have a fact this is to get it becoming. At least the pin court issued a traffic warning on Monday be aware of what whom you ride if drugs are found in a vehicle all occupants can be arrested. The justice is said in a unanimous nine zip decision. It was a victory for Maryland and twenty other states who argued police frequently find drugs and traffic stops but no one in the vehicle claims them. The court all gave officers to go ahead to arrest everybody like if they stopped the beast out of the way home and they found a pinjo in his anstreth. He could say oh that's moe as he left it in there right? Always blame it on moe. Absolutely. In a small space like a car and officer could reasonably infer a common enterprise among a driver and passengers they just as his rule. The case then proven incident in 1999 when police involved a more separate full of restfeeding car. A search reveal the rule of cash in a glove compartment and cocaine in the armrest in the back seat. The driver and two passengers did not have anything to do with a contraband. So all three men were arrested. So don't be driving with anybody who's like a druggy don't be driving with them. I just mentioned that for when George comes back. 1213 at five sixty wqm if your hair is gone like the beast you got to choice you can look like the beast or you can look like moe with a silly a musk right on your head or you can look like a munch. You look like a real human being with a real full head of hair. How do you do that? All you do is make one simple phone call to check out theory and check out his natural hairline system. The best in the universe at any price which is why even a millionaire is the smart guys go to Charlie because they don't want to look like a silly goose. There might have people laugh in a rasa at their nasty looking phony piece because Charlie's natural hairline system we call it that because it looks guess what natural like real hair grown out of your scalp as opposed to an animal I called up on your head and the side of take a rest. And you get everybody gets 30 day guarantee from Charlie how many? Not good man. Nothing lose but that ball spot because after 30 days if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells if you're not getting late at least 15 20 30 40 times a day return it for a full refund and you also get two and a bunch of the regular price from mentioning that old Neo-Tority call when you call Charles up here. Call him today they'll sit your ass down show you just how much better and younger they can make you guys look. Call 1-800-321-2413. That's 1-800-321-2413 or for more info go on to his world famous website Charles Alphiary.com and this is for 3-0-560. Get me fired up when I hear someone say that. This one fact you send me is hysterical about the double play we'll get to it. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. Police can make fun. Police can make fun. They can investigate it all I got. Police can make fun. Police can make fun. Police can make fun. They must be thinking of parking lot. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. From 2560-WQ, I'm going to get a big big one to two hour coming up. I bet there's going to be a really good day too. It's always great. What are you going to be doing based, even if you're going to be eating? Now I'll just sit here, you know what TV? Sit there and soak it in, watch some TV, watch some Pornow on TV. 435 votes, which of these was the greatest act of hypocrisy. Speaking of Pornow on TV, I want to have the Playboy channels doing anything Pornographic right now. Keep your hand here, the Nupon. The shop in private. Oh, with dot com. You plug this? I don't want to tell you where they're going to plug it. There are three of mine assofen. He's going to instrument, let me just put it to this way, you can't buy it in Texas, okay? It gives us five, four. Two, one. But not working. And it tells you to pump. Oh, you can't. It's pumping. It increases, it's like, you know, girth or whatever. Yeah. Yes, you've got an electric bill there and you squeeze it, you pump it up. Like, I don't know what to say. She's pumping it up. And like your cake goes sort of thing. Yeah. So it's timing thing and then he goes five, four, three, two, one. And that's when you squeeze your muscle. Okay. Anyway, well, I see I have, it's always dangerous for me to put that audio on here because if we, we got to get that dump button now. I'm right on it. Here's a facts that says this is from Jim who's very very tidy with his words. You didn't like to overdo it. Leave of Dave Horn. Do you see that? Leave a big one. Yeah. He is a great subscriber. What is going on? Don't like his terrible commentators. Well, okay, Bill, we'll leave of Dave Horn. He sucks. Now, here's another one and this one starts out like somebody has an idea what they're talking about. See, this is why sports in South Florida such a joke. The idea that we have a sports station because like I've told you before, most people in South Florida don't even understand what sports are all about. They don't even know what their rules are. This is a pathetic fact. What's I say? It's on a cake. It says, I don't know how any baseball fan could listen to this. Dave and what the hell? As you know, batting averages are state of her example as 0.357 is state of this 357. This layman's will consistently say 357. Oh, you've got to be kidding me. 357. I've never heard him say that. Well, wait, this will show you what a genius this guy is. Who facts this? It makes me pissed off and fired up when he does that. Wow, or I'm a short stop to second to first double play. We all know that is a six five four double play. I'm not way. Jesus Christ, he will say a six to five to four double play. Somebody shoot me, okay? I need to write the news to you sir. But a baseball scoring five is the third baseman. Could that would be one hell of a double play a short to third to second? I ain't never seen that one before. That's tough. So a six four three double play, according to this guy is a six five four. Sir, you would know a baseball of somebody stuck up, but it doesn't them and the four Haitian guys that were sewing them all up your ass at the same time. You idiot, you. That's pathetic. That is so soft Florida, man. So typical. Anyway, I better get to my story here. George Soros is atheism fuels conservative rates. They're pissed off and fired up and I'm glad. I say let's hire George for prison. George Soros. Conservatives are fuming over the 15 and a half million dollars that billionaire finance here in philanthropist George Soros is pledged to the feet president Bush, but they're also anxious to fight back and expose what they considered to be Soros immoral beliefs and atheists leanings. Oh, right. Several prominent conservatives told CNSNews.com that Soros's moral bankruptcy would prove disastrous for the Democratic Party. The liberal groups that have benefited from Soros's gifts America coming together move on.org and set up from American progress are run by Democrats and have a close allegiance to the party's candidates. Soros immigrated from hungry in 1956 later became an actualized U.S. citizen has expressed outrage at the Bush administration's foreign policy, especially its decision to invade Iraq. Soros and its foundation the open society institute OSI thought a way strict philosophy that runs counter-dabushes objectives. The idea behind Soros's open society these ideas appeal the anger among conservatives the OSI's website states innocently enough that his it's objectives include the strengthening of civil society economic reform education at all levels human rights legal reform and public administration median communications public health and arts and culture. Soros has given away nearly five billion dollars in his lifetime while a significant portion of that money has been spent on pro-democracy movements overseas some of it has gone or liberal causes in USA. From abortion rights groups to drug reform initiatives, Soros domestic funding generally unze up in the hands of liberals. The subproclaimed atheist also created a project on death in America to generate debate about the dying process and alleviate unnecessary suffering. Among the beneficiaries of Soros' largest is the Center for Reproductive Rights, the pro-abortion group that recently saw its internal strategy plotting memos publicized by a pro-family group and if the request of US representatives of Chris Shays included in the congressional record. A Chris Smith of New Jersey. Conservative commentator Armstrong Williams and authority on Christian values said Soros wants to destroy the values on which the US was founded. Williams called Soros morally bankrupt and he wants the US just to department to investigate his contributions. He hates God and his biblical principles. He hates everything that's godly what you said. He's jumping up and down as the thought that same sex merges could happen in his country. It's a direct assault on the church, the institutions that restrain a restrict our behavior and remind us of the standard of morality and moral absolutes. Other conservatives were just as harsh. The right-wing alluded to Reverend Louis P. Sheldon found her in Chairman of the traditional values coalition, said Soros had to be taken seriously because he's the daddy warbox of everything we do not believe in. No one knows what demons drive us to Soros to consistently fund anti-emer anti-family agendas, said Robert Knight, directed the culture and family institute, at concerned women for America. But he seems determined to turn the world upside down and replace morality with immorality. For much of his life, Soros shied away from public attention and wasn't until after his quantum fund became a huge success on Wall Street that he began to devil in philanthropy at about the age of 50. As a child and teenager, Soros was profoundly shaped as a Jew living in Nazi occupied hungry, his father Tidadar protected George's mother Eris Vett and brother Paul by obtaining false identities for them, at 14 Georgia assumed the identity of a Christian was separated from his parents. I would say that's what my character was made Soros in the 60 minutes interview in 1998. A biography of Soros by former New York Times reporter Michael D. Cuffman detailed the experience. When George was six years old his father changed the family name from a shorts to Soros to protect the family from the threat of Nazi policies targeting Jews. After surviving the threat of Nazi as a Soros parents, had to endure a Soviet let-commoness take over of Hungary, the eventually fled the country in the United Wood Georgia's brother in America. While these experiences shaped Soros as an individual he grew fond of the open society philosophy, while studying at the London School of Economics, their scholar named Carl Popper would become Soros mentor and influence his thinking of open societies. According to Coppence's biography, Soros was born a Jew but only began to take an interest in religion when he was about 12 years old. He had a bar mitzva a year later. Several of Soros relatives became Christian but as time were on, Soros' own faith on a higher being faded. In a 60 minutes interview, Soros' enmity was not religious and did not believe in God. I'll pause there and do the break because we believe in commercials. Don't we? We believe in making cash. That's our God at QAM. Absolutely. For a 27 a QAM, it's that time of year again. A lot of pain in the S of people come and bite a visit you. Relatives, family, friends, strangers, whoever. They're going to mess up your carpets in your whole house. By the time they leave, you're going to wonder what hell do I do now? I'll tell you the smart thing to do. Come, I got friends at Dry Concepts right after the first of year. It happened Dry Clean, your carpets. That's right. Not Dry Clean, you're clothing, but the same idea. They dry Clean your carpets that sucks out the deep down dirt way in the fibers of your carpet. Makes them look brand-new as they clean your longer and last longer too. They dry in a couple of hours. They smell them in a fresh and believe me when I tell you. They look just like brand-new. I've had to use dry concepts in my house for over 20 years. Trust me when I tell you. And if you call that A.B. Sure and ask our friends at Dry Concepts to put your understand virus, which could save you 15% extra, I'll be already reasonable price of the job, which they do a phenomenal job every time at a guaranteed written price, which they give you that guarantee upfront before they start doing the work. So when holidays are over when the smoke clears and the dust as well, have your carpets and everything in the house looking just like brand-new with our good folks and dry concepts. Colors Day, Tool Free, 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071 or check them on a working worldwide web at Dry Concepts.com. And if you're following Corp and Angela advice, and we aim is locked down. There's no best football there, all all strike. Let's burn a place down, and ensure it can for sure be nice. I think the only problem is that the town center mall is that the same as the local town center. Or yeah, the sales parking lot, it's gonna be. There's only one series, huh? That's it. Maybe he pulled my Scott Junior on us, maybe he's lost. Have we heard from him again? No. There you go. So either one or two things he did, we gave up any luck because there was no action or he's in the end of his vote. Nice God Mark. Like I said, we don't know anything about Joe Mark. We have no idea who they are. He invited my George Cero story. His feelings about Israel generally run counter to traditional Jewish thought in his new book, The Bubble of American Supremacy. Cero's takes his swipe at his ready Prime Minister Ariel Sherone, whom he blames as much as Palestinian leader Yester Arifet, for the violence in the Middle East, perpetrators on our own charge on both sides, Cero's wrote. And he's right. At a Jewish funders network appearance in November, Cero's remarks on Israel and Antisemitism during angry response from the anti-deformation league, but that controversy died down after critics looked at the full context of his comments, said Michael Vaishone, Ceros Aide. Sheldon, Louis Sheldon, obnoxious head of the traditional bad news coalition, remained critical of his views on Israel. He said Bush's strong alliance with Israel could partly explain Ceros' desire to see the present defeat in next year. Vaishone disagreed and noted that Ceros's proud of his Jewish heritage, he said the attacks from conservatives are unwarranted, adding that Ceros has done more good for people in the world than most critics realize. In Ocean, at somehow George Ceros' and immoral character Isopra Pasta's Vaishone said, one doesn't even know how to begin the answers such a ludicrous charge. It's an outrageous claim when you look at the record of the man's life and what he's done. A former consultant, the Ceros Foundation, David Wife, said conservatives appear to be holding Ceros to a double standard. Wife compared Ceros to Richard Melon's scape, a wealth and conservative was funded projects frequently criticized by liberals and who's the man behind the scenes at the Fudge Report by the way also. He's putting his money where his mouth and as far as they conserved in the described where I've said apparently they can dish it out that they can't take it, like good capital list they thought it was the right of rich people to fund the activities that they believed in. A mayor conceited to be fully informed about Ceros had Robert McGinnis, a former vice-president the family research counsel of the ultra-right wing family research counsel, where research Ceros' philosophy while working there. Ceros' put his money where his beliefs are, and that's the American way McGinnis said, their radical and my estimation would be certainly has made a value effort across the globe. He had a citizen's need to be worried of the fact that he's embracing a pro-drug anti-life agenda. The capital research center which tracks the anthropists like Ceros found that the open society institute has a pattern of giving to liberal groups that support drug legalization, youth and Asia, immigrant entitlements and feminism. There's a consistent threat to everything he does to John Curlow editor of the Center's organization Transit Foundation watch, he's a devout secular ideologue. He's a nation that now is at Ceros as a secularist. He also said the billionaire could handle the attacks from conservatives, but Patron said Ceros concerns extend beyond Bush. He believes the concept of an open society in the U.S. is threatened. He's giving money to a group that wants to see the incumbent Republican president defeated next election, Patron said, a lot of people are going to attack him. He's hardly surprised by it. You go George, nice going, baby. Good man. And he's also not a good guy bull crap. Any likes a little Delhi once in a while? He probably likes a good postromy on Ryan. Maybe some kisskey, maybe some potato lock is it to this time of the year. Maybe even some of the Pacific candy. How come we, when I was in a difference between between kosher candy for Hanika and Pacific candy, there you go, for Passover. Don't know, do you? It's all about the yeast. Now, seriously, there's no yeast in candy. What's the, oh, now maybe you're right. Get out. Here, there's no yeast like in hard candies. Almost had me suck it in there for a second. I don't know what that's all about. Just another Jew thing. Beard and son, bearded, son, doll for sale, barely 24 hours after catching. You got to get yours. In fact, maybe the panthers want to get some people in that game that I see have worked really good with that, with that rumor, the yeast doll that bubble had doll? They originally had 15,000 plus, but I might be okay, I'm on a Saturday night, whenever given out the bubble had dolls. Maybe you could answer me that question. Why is it that people who say that the tickets are too expensive? Or they don't have any interest or the team sucks? Why is it when they give away those free bubble had dolls? Now they have big crowds. Because they're collectors items. I see. Specialists floppy hatch for the Mullins games. Mm-hmm. Gotta have yours. Anyway. I got mine. Americans can now buy a heavily bearded doll of the defeated dictator. The doll comes complete with a shaggy beard and ace of spades, t-shirt, a reference to the US most wanted deck. The side admits that first you might not recognize this action figure US soldiers didn't recognize them either with his ratty here and wild beard. The website also has an action figure of Sodom with a mustache which can be fitted with SNN gear in Northridgeard. The creator of the Sodom doll reportedly said it may have a voice of its own in the future. That all cost? Guess what? Bop, turn it man. It's gonna be purchased online at www.herobuilders.com. Gonna get yours? No. Come on. Hero Builders. No. Come. Let me say it again and don't interrupt. Herobuilders.com. Not for you, maybe we got some people out there with a sense of humor. It would make kind of a need gift, huh? Anyway, Phil and muggates has had a leading lunch that they almost puked while reading an article by the obnoxious right when he scumbag Kathleen Parker on the opinion page of the scum Sentinel. This asshole bro had a great full goro was to do the experiment for his endorsement of Howard Dean and added this bizarre paranoid delusion. A to exact revenge on Clinton, as to why he did it. Exact revenge on Clinton B. Goro loves Dean because Dean can get goro a Supreme Court nomination or position in Dean's cabinet as a vice president. What? A position in Dean's cabinet as vice president right he's gonna be VP again right. Goro is setting himself up for the 2008 presidential race or D. Leaveerman was an upstandy moral man and that outspoken critic of Bill Clinton's marital vaguences. The she continues belly it can about how Goro betrayed you leaveerman. I think Ms. Parker has been popping out of the content with rush or maybe just sniffing rushes ass. I don't know what to do it. I feel that would do it. It's well not smelly or that come in. What do I get lost all of that weightiness hearing when you think we have any ideas about that rush? Alfax's and says is real a screen to choose a course but American need to Middle East policy made in the USA not in Tel Aviv or at a pack or AEI. President Bush and restate US support for the survival of his real but also register America's discuss with your own duplicitous policy of creeping annexationism. I like that. And repression while talking of peace do you ever hear that word before annexationism? Or maybe just annexation. Shuron to be told a vacator resettlement and not post-put ups and bush to a office and tear down any part of his new wallet and encroaches on the land of the coming nation of Palestine else American aid stuff. Yeah I don't understand what they're waiting for on that. You like that three billion year? Well guess what? Cut the crap. Cut the crap now or by by. But instead what do they get? All the crap you can unwrap. That's right. That's all we get. And some piece of the key candy. Not even right holiday. 20-21 at 5-60 happy Chinooka for more dear Glace your friends. At WQM or only the host or Jewish. Some of them. We have a couple of token Glayem on here. We got Joe Rosen here. Jackson Jews man. We got the mad dog. How big are you? Jackson Jews. Jackson Jews. That's what mad dog always says. Jackson Jews. Oh right. And there's the big of. Jackson Jews in the token spix. Well we got the big go into Jorge. We try to pacify everybody. And of course we did have the curl for a little while. But the curl flew away. 19-1 at 5-60 WQM. Hey it's a great time at a year gift giving family all of these things great food. But a lot of people hate the crowded malls along register lines. The traffic the parking hassle. So this year make your gift giving a little easier for you and a ones you love. It gives you a tip of get from dialometres. Call him today 1800 mattress and give the gift of you thanking you for your year in and year out. And night in and night out dialometres got gift certificates in a denomination. Lutheran Methodist Presbyterian Jews for Jesus and a new bed for the master bedroom makes a perfect gift you're both in joy for years. And you wonder why a judge of clearance dero is out today. Well I'll tell you. Because he and the beast have been enjoying that new king coil mattress and dialometres so much the last couple of nights absolutely plumb warm out. That's what I heard he called me as they have been said. I just can't keep it up no more. I'm going to crawl out of the bed and hide tonight. dialometres no phony promises no bait and swish just discount prices every day in the top hands in a world including now. Stearns and foster hewitt down mattresses got the lowest prices in a world on Stearns and bananas foster. And when you call dialometres 1800 mattress you know how it works you still pick the day in time for delivery any day seven days a week when you like them to show up eight into 10 p.m. You have a two hour window and guess what they'll be there. On a sales practices fantastic service unbeatable and everyday low prices same day delivery free set of removal all of these things. Make it a piece of cake to see by dialometres is right the best in the world of customer satisfaction. For service so for like I said so for service you only dream about him getting tongue pad because it's almost lunchtime. Do what I always do and everybody else at QM start to do now called dialometres the bedding experts at 1-800 mattress 1-800-MATK-RES or online find them at macros.com Happy holidays from the good folks at dialometres. I've got this one first one. I got this one first one. I get stuck in my head. But I like the number I should have played at last week after my growtesky experience with those Akans bars man don't do it again. Mike one of our good facts just says I was wondering if you're about the tragic death of Keith Magnison. Oh yes it did Mike happen the two days ago. Rob Ramaget keep Magnison we're driving back to Toronto and Rob had a little bit too much to my daughter to a horrendous wreck and it's been a big story here. Keith Magnison is dead in Rob Ramaget being charged with the DUI. Make go to jail as for as long as life. Former Maple Leaf Captain Rob Ramaget was one of the last players by the way to play without a helmet. Did you know that about you didn't you did? Sure. Who was the last player in the NHL to play without a helmet? I'll even give you his initial CM. Craig McTavish. There you go very good. Let's hear from the base. Alright. You little help and I am really hurt. I'm sitting here during the break and I'm thinking about that story you told about Mo and it just slowly sinking in. See this should give the audience a better perspective, a better understanding of the kind of creature. It's a person but that would be like a really an insult to all persons. The kind of creature that we're dealing with, you know what I mean? Absolutely. Because everybody and this is a tankerous old man. We think of the word can tankerous. You think immediately of Mo. Everybody who rubs him in a wrong way which of course is everybody in the world sooner or later. He's got a call like Joe Rose with that famous call. Or you. He's called Hank. The hump or yes more than a more than a monocation than a load. Never called me though and that's a good idea. Good thing in mode do not be calling me ever. Let me give him your number. Well you know I'll tell you what no do not underpettle you. That's you know what he would hear right away. So as I recognize his voice. Yeah. The watch the charge. Pete D'Alton that's what you hear. I mean the idea and I just I'm trying to imagine in my mind the. The tone of the call. There was when it started you answer your phone. This is on your cell phone. But I was taking an app one day. Right. And the phone rings and I didn't recognize numbers. So I figured I'd pick it up because who knows who it could be. And I hear him in his car. And he's telling me that that I've single hand. No, wait a minute. How how how how do the call start? What did he say? He sound hostile right off the bat. Oh yeah. Was that it up? Yeah. I mean he always sounds hostile. Did he save this his mole? No, he didn't use that term. And he he he continued to just say that I had single handily turn his audience on. I'm that when I'm out and about when I'm at Cames games. I tell everyone that he's an asshole and that that they shouldn't listen to him and they should call him up and call him an idiot and all the stuff that all the bad nuggets that listen to his show and call in are all my fault. Really? Yeah. In the other words, the idea that he's an asshole is something that you planted and everybody's mind as opposed to everybody perceiving that from his behavior last year and a half a QAM. It's the beast fall. And then I still say that the where he tried actually after trying to get me can and destroy my career and try to get George can and all the other crap that he pulled behind the scenes. To think that he was going to like, oh my new best friend I'm QAM, the a ride bubble. And because he couldn't take on me and Joe at the same time. But I will say pound for pound now. He is doing a much bigger chore taking on me and the load, the total and the load in the afternoon. Take it as close back as same time. So pound for pound was he's really bitten off probably more than he can chew if he catch my drift. Oh yeah. Man. So and of course if we throw you into the mix, my god. He's been doing it two on for next 10 years. Yeah. The old moments do we hate you, my like poison and you are an asshole and everybody knows it, including all the people you work for before you came to QAM. Nice higher Greg. Nice higher, but this Greg read what he's done to this station. People are on death row for less than what he's done to us. But we still keep plugging away. How is that pull coming? Which of these was the greatest active hypocrisy? It's good pull. Ain't it? Yeah. And if we get a couple more votes, it'll be 500 on there. I want to click it. I want to refresh it. What do you go? What number you got on your thing? I'm on 495. I got 498 so I'm ahead of you. We need two more votes to get to 500. I will not read the results that we get to 500. I get 499. 499. Also, I found out from the Beastie photo show this morning that Robert Creeper still has his job because he's got naked pictures of Greg and screw in. Let's see, 498. How come I got only 498? Let me refresh it one more time and it better be over 500 right now. I'm going to be really pissed off. If it's not over 500 now, I'm going to play QAM. It's between one and two. What's even if it is? What do we got? 499. Right on the edge of it. New people get with it. Which of these was the greatest act of hypocrisy? Rush Limbaugh, illegal pill popper is leading the way. He's a UK encation. 151. Racist Strong Thurman has fathered illegitimate black daughter who was on TV today. And she said, my name is El Simay and I said, I want it. We got to 500. 113 said Strong Thurman biggest hypocritical act. Oh, you can't even begin to think about it. It's so outrageous. It would be like David Duke. We find out that David Duke has got a black Jewish atheist lesbian girlfriend. You know what I'm saying? Oh! Coke booze how George W. Bush lectures about morality 96. Reverend Jesse Jackson, father's illegitimate child 54. That love child. Jim Baker Rips off his followers and turns out to be a pervert 38. Jimmy Swagger, it's since with Hookers 23, Philantery Representative Henry High of lectures Clinton's on morality 21. And the geyserous fall potatoes. I guess rumors voted three times now. Born again, John van Biesbroke calls his goaly on a minor league hockey team. He was coaching here in Canada, a nigger only three people vote for that. Nice to only got $4.99. What do you got? 501. 501, your way ahead of me. FCC finds Ashcroft Senate bid for breach. I love it. Your attorney general, your Nazi and Chief. The FCC is determined that attorney general John Ascroft's unsuccessful 2007 Re-election campaign, you know what you mean against the dead guy? Violent election laws by accepting $110,000 in illegal contributions from a committee Ashcroft had established to explore running for president. In documents released yesterday by the FCC, Garrett M. Lot, Treasurer for two Ashcroft committees, the spirit of America, P.A.P. and Ashcroft 2000 agreed to pay $37,000 fine for released four violations of federal campaign law, Lot agreed not to contest the charges. How do you like that? The FCC vote to find Ashcroft committee was $5.01 and a one-to-center sought harsh penalties and to her findings. How do you like that? So nobody came to his defense and one guy who disagreed to fight with one vote said, hey guess what? That's not strong enough. Put his ass in jail. Fry his ass. Do something really grow test. Fuck out his eyebrows. Take the Shmatha office, Dadger again and make his eyes pop. What's these then, boobies, huh? I mean, stop and think about it, okay? Here's the attorney general of the United States. Stop and think about the great cities of the world like Rome, Paris, think of all the great artwork, all the great buildings with the naked statues, okay? Think about the ceiling at the the 16-chample in Michelangelo, all those paintings of all the naked people, okay, with body parts, no less. And here's the attorney general that Chief Justice official in the USA, what does he do? He has a naked bust of a woman covered up to cover up the boobies. Beautiful thing. Now how did we get a final report? Because I know what city was going to be the one to climb. Mark Eisenberg, how's he doing? Yeah, he got a hundred bucks and a hundred bucks worth of toys. Well that's not also bad considering the fact that he was lost. Oh my God, this is the same. Get rid of Mark. It's the same. Get away. Yeah. Oh, this is honored. This is not a tomb. It's the one, the two, Ola. We've all heard of Rudolph and his shiny nose. And we all know Frosty who's made out of snow. Yeah, but all of those stories seem kind of gay. Because we all know who brightens up our holiday. Mr. Fanking the Christmas poo. Small and brown he comes from New. Sit on the toilet. Here he comes. Squeeze and tween your festive buns. A present from down below. Spreading joy with a howl. He's seen the love inside of you. Cause he's up here. Sometimes he's nutty. Sometimes he's cony. He can be brown or green. It's brown. But if you eat fiber on Christmas Eve, he might come to your tile. Mr. Fanking the Christmas poo. He loves me. I love you. Therefore, by carelessly, he loves you. I can make a mystery and he too. We'll have a wedding. Thank you's coming. One good boy. A joy. The way they can see his head. Yay come! No! I missed the ho! You've reached my school. She's been screaming to our lobby. Let's sing John Turn and Don't have one. Now, before I've got a way. Who's gave her a like to play? Stick me in the mouth and practice. Hooray, oh, you know who? Christmas time has come! Sometimes he's ready. Sometimes he's brown. Sometimes he's fancy-leaf-utter. Sometimes he hangs off the end of your house and won't fall in the toilet. Cause he's just clinging to your spinkder. And he won't drop up and say, shake your ass around, tell you get to jump in the toilet. Finally it does. Mr. Hanging Christmas. Christmas leaves. He must leave too. I should have but he never loved. Oh, it's now and is fairly late. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. This ex-mist, you don't want to old fan anybody on your holiday gift list. Aha, ah, he's been the new politically correct non-denominational holiday record. Who could possibly take issue with songs like these? Yes, we've taken that, you know, out of Christmas. He's a remote bush, a remote wind, a remote bush. Making everybody happy. Get your copy of the non-denominational holiday record today. And I'm a happy film of life. Well, there's yet pardon, Krabby Edward and Lieberman, Wesley Clark in Kustinich, Parabrand, and shopped in, but the lyrics seems. Though one guided to head of their team, Dean is the tenor craftsman runner. Loves to head just goes to bed. And if you have it, notice, our dearest lots of cash. Just cause he's a doctor. He carries a step of scope. He won't be like the other. Then the credit like to grow. Everything was going well till Wesley came to stay. Dean, you may be winning though. I was commander of NATO. He brought up same sex marriage as Vermont's governor. How would you have made mistakes? Just a front runner. Just in time for the holidays, the most unusual Christmas album ever. All grow, win free verbs, the Christmas classics. Listen to all grub past gas and Christmas mass. All grow and free for first, the Christmas classics. I'll be able in the freezer section at Ralph's. Grandma got run over at the Walmart. Trackled under shoppers, breeding feeds. Get out of my way, you curvert. It was on the day after Thanksgiving. Oh, for Grandma didn't know she could hit meats. Every year we found the track. All she wanted was a player. Congratulations. You ruined Christmas. The DVD she owned. Merry Christmas to Christmas. But when those faithful doors swung open. When the mobile was stepped on and banged up straight to the phone. Grandma's now wide out of action. And a hospital she sits. Now her body is in traction. And she even needs a nurse to take a spitter. Grandma got run over at the Walmart. And it all fell. Trouble under shoppers, breeding feeds. It was on the day after Thanksgiving. Don't! Grandma didn't know she'd be to be here. Now her body is in the Walmart. Ha! Trouble under shoppers, breeding feeds. Ha! It was on the day after Thanksgiving. Ha! Grandma didn't know she'd be to be. Oh, operator give me the number for 911. Merry Christmas everybody. Watch your ass. Oh! May she be the lightest reception. May it match for your permission. I'm wearing her clothes. Her still badgy holds. Walk your belly and wear her underwear. A rack in the store. There's a daily, put little straps. Lights begin. It holds me so tight. I can't close that night. Walk around and wear it. In the office there's a guy named Melvin. He pretends that I am a thief ride. He'll say, are you ready? We'll say, whoa, man. Let's stay until the light is out of town. Ha! A waiter on the lawn. If you want, ha! We can dress like my doll. Here. Put on some high shade. And join the parade. Walk your belly and wear it. It's underwear. I'll sing for you. It's a huge mess. We're gonna shut up. The waiter in her clothes. Still badgy holds. Walk your belly and wear it. Walk around and wear it. Walk your belly and wear it. Walk your belly and wear it. Ha! Oh, boy. Where's Rural? I can't find Rural. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Who left the radio? Oh, oh, oh, oh. Who left the radio? Oh, oh, oh, oh. Hey, what's that all over the place? It smells terrible here. I don't know. It's a bad smell. Oh, no. No, no, no. Don't worry, there you go. And they got diarrhea. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Who left the radio? Who left the radio? Who left the radio? Oh, oh, oh, oh. Who left the radio? Oh, oh, oh, oh. Who left the radio? Oh, oh, oh, oh. Hey, what's that all about the guys? It smells terrible here. I'm gonna bring it now. It smells very good. Thank you, Rural. You may still go, go, Rural. Go, Rural. Go, Rural. Go, Rural. Go, Rural. Go, Rural. Who left the radio? Who left the radio? Who left the radio? Who left the radio? Who left the radio? Who left the radio? Who left the radio? Who left the radio? Oh, oh, oh. There's no trees or lights behind the garb. Go down the flowerhouses, our darker. Real vision. We were question on the phone to serve the garotchewnton. For a night we light lights. When it's said to be committed in light. All we get to light is on the northern. They're venturing for sin that's over. Our holiday is really such a porous life. On the northern, Ouy. All we get to light is on the northern. They're venturing for sin that's over. Our holiday is really such a porous life. On the northern, Ouy. It's so hot for us to go shopping. We don't know when Hanukkah is happening. What is the date? I'll be too late. You can almost hear them go. You're gone. What are we supposed to do? But you think it seems to be against when we only pay wholesale? All we get to light is on the northern. They don't vent your Christmas sin that's over. Our holiday is really such a porous life. On the northern, Ouy. All we get to light is on the northern. They don't vent your Christmas sin that's over. Our holiday is really such a porous life. On the northern, Ouy. Let me have to be at the end of the day. Here's a note. Josh is getting sick and tired of answering the bat line of finding Scott Junior getting more personal calls again. Cut it out, Scott. Make it's ifens stop is the message, I got it. Make it ifens stop, okay? You idiot. Got to see you more. I don't want to like dwell on the most story you keep telling me. There's, see, obviously, what we all like here is what was your response? He calls you up. Wait you out of a nice nap. Vices you out for turning everybody against him. You're going to be an answer. What's your response? You've already been, you've already been canned off the show, right? Right, yeah. So what do you say? He asked me, he's put like, did you do this? Did you, did you, are you telling people not to call my show or to call me and make Phonomy? And I said, whatever Howard, and I got to go back to bed or something. And that was it. I just blew him off here. Well, that's excellent. I love it. I was, you didn't win, Bob. I think it was a dirty, if this is the end of the night. Yeah. Like I've got overgrown child. They got the power to tell people where and who to listen to and what to listen to. Well, it certainly couldn't have been his fault. That's a good. Everybody thought he was an animal. And if it wasn't my father, George is fault or maybe, Gellies fault or Joe Rose is fault or the load or the mad dog and had to be you. Absolutely. I think you'd known it. I'm just unprofessional. And if you didn't do it, just get on it. One 13 at five, 60, WQ, if you ever taste about those meal replacements most of them taste like, oh, like those reindeer left on a sleigh. Check out how much sugar they got also. Man, not good for you. Now there's a great tasting product. In the fact that beast likes it for two reasons. I'm a one of taste we good and plus he's got a whole bunch of it free there too. Yeah, you got it. There's a product that tastes great at sugar free. It's antirex diabetic. In fact, you didn't get some free to. I'll tell you in a second how. Antirex diabetic is the best tasting meal replacements drink ever made for people with diabetes. And people are, it is our, we do sugar intake. Sweetened with splendor brand sucralose, so there's no nasty aftertaste. Like you with the drinks that you suck in the ass for tame. Antirex diabetic is a complete balanced nutritional supplement that provides fiber and antioxidants. It's low insaturated, fataculustrol. Good with a heavy with a good stuff and none of the bad stuff. Antirex diabetic is also gluten lactose free too. And eight ounce can provides 237 calories of deliciously healthy nutrition that's internationally recommended by doctors and dietitians alike. So don't sacrifice proper nutrition when you're short on time. Try an antirex diabetic once and you'll never go back to that other crappy used drink before. And the makers of antirex diabetic are so positively sure you're going to love it. They're given away free samples. That's what South Florida loves. They live for for free just for the asking go to interact. Vedic.com ENTER EX all one word. Interrex diabetic.com or call us toll free number. Be sure and tell them that you'll send you for delicious one. Call one eight six six three six eight thirty seven thirty nine for your free sample. Let's one eight six six three six eight thirty seven thirty nine. My and local. We're sports video five sixty two a.m. Amber leader Lengwich I hear home C-ree ed Avenueard ly worse the feedon cable was a horn . But now the networks let their at those curves There's a wind in sight to visit Santa Kee All the dialogue and take for Flite Swear and like a sailor on a free day pass Words all on words that ask If the man's bummed Call or will it be It's one thing's got the fumb on that word There's no telling where The trouble I'm a Jew, dear I can't believe I'm the winner I'm the winner Well, it wasn't even close I terminated for all great day quiz Don't be more dear in sick or clear I grab the booby heart and little miss Call it more, I have spoken I've been winner Lots of women said I found out That he was like 33 But that don't care And the water's gone clear Because now I'm the one who will What they'd have called the Cali more dear I used all of my muscle And I used all of my sex appeal I'm very hot I guess the borders been impaired And I made all those people out who she's going to steal Well, if you're honest with your public And you've had them to add a Bible screen Trust me Therefore give you like it Me and the link you took to the deal Be is a key change in the song Who's the man taking this old bathman Super Mario brother never had a prayer Incredible You go for the start of the mountain naked And he's still a Batman on the way With a little teeny tiny holes And the victor, I know winner And my heart white is a candy And now I'm the new hope A leader of the Cali more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear G Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear G Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Dimi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more than Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more dear Gigi more beloved Gigi more dear Gigi more dear G That's right, boys and girls, it's a noble guest named Furin, Ray Noble and his orchestra. Now, a two-and-a-dellin straight-o. How's it, Mold? Quite guilty. What a surprise. Pray tell what brings you here. They want to lean about this! It's a noble gashable, aren't they? No, here. Hold this to me. Not that one in my pants. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. You're throwing my whole day. I, you're a... That sound. We're here. Yeah. That's the old book. I can't get out of here. You'll be sure before. Oh, I thought something for you. What do you got there? A baby potato? The tatives. But what? You'll give me the battery out of the potato. A battery out of the tatives, huh? Yeah. I pulled on you and checked his pants. No, no, no, no. What do you think of some kind of a ruining? My moldian need a conductor. Oh, right. There. How are you? Of course. Not waking you. I'll not make a wait. I'm torrenting up my ass. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. Today's past-paste world. Hold this chair, steady. Hey, there's a thumbprint on this report. Do it again. Yes, sir. Got a problem. Uh, no, sir. I'm under some pressure, huh? Yeah. I feel like my head's going to explode and ask for a dozen of you anything. Well, here, take some. I do throw things. I give proof, eh? Well, I'll try anything. I'm dirty rotten. It's fun, huh? Put up. Just think he's talking to. I don't make it little. Do he don't report? Boow. Beal better? Yeah. What's the idea, you throw things? Well, nothing we could admit you on the radio. It's set our secret ingredients through them all. Which eliminates any inhibitions you might have about saying what's on your mind. Uh, oh, oh, here comes your boss. Look, I want this report done. Even if you have to work through your lunch hour. It's... Listen, I'm not... What are you going to get off your... ...sand you some work around here? Well, I see you take ibuprofen. Yeah. I take it, too. You lazy pieces. Oh, that's simple. The cop. I do clothing. I hope you're only a smith in the radio. Finally, I'm using companies putting something besides beautiful music in the air. Far clan music presents, classic cuts. Feet-ringed gut-wrenching tunes like feelings. Classic cuts from far-flan music gives you an extraordinary collection of haunting melodies that hang in the air, long after the tune is played. No other collection can hold a match to this version of Memories. Yeah. Classic cuts from far-flan music is the record offer you just knew had to come out sooner or later, especially when you hear your CD player spell on change melody. Classic cuts from far-flan music. When you hear it, you know there's nothing to do, but crack a window. And share it with me. One 25-56-DWQM. I hope we got some bad news for the dolphins. We already have this on the air by Rob Conran. Yeah, I have this this morning. Yeah, that this morning on your headlines? Yeah, I did. Well, we gotta say it again. Oh, it's a concussion you won't play this week or probably won't play against the day. And also probably we'll miss the Eiffinality against the Jets. He'll be replaced on second-star for all I just wanted to say this. Albafimi? Albafimi? Albafimi? Albafimi? Albafimi? Albafimi. Oh, you can't have a guy playing football in the NFL name Femi. You have a little bit too fem? What in every ten, isn't it? Don't be too fem, eh? I don't know. I could give you some names. Paul Jeff Cohen at the pizza law. I'll tell you to hold a bunch of names. Anyway, here's some big news. How would potty-gmc is now auto-city potty-gmc of Pyquids? But the same great deal deals that you always had before and, the same great customer satisfaction you were accustomed to at hell. Right now at Auto City of Pyquids, the end of the year Clurrent Sale on all remaining 2003s in stock. Take advantage of zero percent financing, said right, zero percent financing for the 72 months or save up to nine grand with rebates and incentives to. Attention, least customers ask Auto City of Pyquids about their least pull ahead early termination program. There's even more great deal deals at the new Auto City potty-gmc of Pyquids for limited time to sign and drive home your new GMC-C or with absolutely positively. That's a lot of money down. That's right. It's the brand new Auto City Potty-gmc of Pyquids and you'll find it at 134-01. Sattyxie Highway that's US-1 right across and they prestigious falls open every day, seven days a week. For more info on those great deal deals call the Neil Deel Hotline toll-free, one Triple 8-534-440-11. Special deals are something credit approval. See the folks at Auto City Potty-gmc of Pyquids where you'll find low prices and no high pressure. My life and low call. This is for Real Life City. You way ahead. I don't wanna move! I be a foot-toe player! Don't you make a sound! I just gonna break your weapon! Leave quietly! Don't let this happen to you! Two days national football league crackhead athletes are above the law. Protect your family from the horrors of unwanted NFL players in your home. With the new Miami-Douphin Home Alarm System. Every Miami-Douphin Home Alarm System comes with a Julie Johnson seal of disapproval. I never met a criminal. I didn't black. And if they can catch the ball and run with the ball, there's something special. Take criminal athletes off the field and put them in a jail cell where they usually find God in a white named Iron. The Miami-Douphin Home Alarm System. See your local crackhead with 40 deals. Martha Stewart-Tagguest was the seal and scared right to the things that were the most talked about in recent dating. That's the questions you have had a financial problem. You know Larry, I'm not making so much money these days. We are told that you have your part of the financial problem. Oh definitely yes. And I think like... Well, I sort of have an inside track you know what I mean? Ah, that's what I mean. A storage of the truth. Somewhere in the vicinity of $700 billion. Did you know it was that much? No, I did. $700 billion. Yes. Your kidding. Hyming is everything you know what they say? Yeah, bitch. She mung you. Martha Stewart-Fraud. That's true. She's falling apart. Thank you, Croftie actually. This is Larry King Live. Don't go away. Mikoizer. Two-way advisor. If you don't get two-way answer, what are you doing over there? Sorry, sorry, just couldn't reach the phone. Oh, I couldn't reach the phone. I can't reach the phone. Oh, I can't reach the phone. Oh, I can't reach the phone. Oh, I can't reach the phone. Oh, I can't reach the phone. One ring, I said we've been over this. I'm sorry. Get on the ball over there. Okay. What do you all come over out with your mighty dick? Who's there? Stop hockey kids. Oh, the N.I. Mighty Docs. Oh, what a successful story. I don't want to ever sell it. Sell it. Well, that team is terrible. So they're in the Stanley Cup finals. What does that mean? Well, they're in the championship of the nation. I'll say that. I'm not in the sport anyway. I'm one of a poor mouse or mouse. I get a box of ducks. It's a stupid name anyway. Who came up with it? Well, I did. So we have memory. Oh, I mean, terrible. And I see you hanging out with that straight brim on your head. You look like a woman. That's a tri-l-y. No, no, no, no. That was a million. That's the best. The star. They're the same kids. Terrible. The mighty duck. I mean, they're really either kidding. It's a great family dog. Oh, you can't stop the dick. Oh, what? Hang on a minute. Yes, sir. Oh, my God. What the hell is wrong with you, Ramon? Oh, no, feel well, boss. You're almost white. Yeah, I'm pale, boss. Oh, has some bad Chinese. Some bad Chinese. Damn, they're downtown, boss. Ling. Things are panda. We have a boss. I got to go. I get away from the, you know. Things like a brewery. Oh, my God. Good, good. God. I'm coming. I'm so good. Well, things are going very well over here. You know, we have the mighty ducks and the Stanley Cup final. They have also them. And we also have the finding email. We'll be with you. Yeah, but anyway, let me ask you a question. Yes. Why do I have a check for $4 million on my desk? And the thing made $70 million, what kind of deal do we have with XR? Well, we sort of. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Did you do it? I think I've pulled myself off. You know, pull yourself. We must get out of the office. Will you? My, oh, my. My, oh, my. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. I need a pickup in here. I, sir. Yes, sir. It can't have to be on. I am. And it is. It is. It is. I know. Okay. Well, sir, would you like tickets for the mighty ducks? I told you to sell the decks. Duck. Can't do the name of that thing anyway. Well, it's a need to name them. We got to keep it. Let's get done. The meces. What are meces? Lees says, what are one of mys? That just might. Are you correct in me? No, no, sir. Let's go to that. Hey, it's pink. I'm getting a walk. Oh. Jump in the taxi car. By that driver, central park. You are dead, me. So quish a green. I could tell if he was in the dog. So I acted out my pop, charade. And with my arms, the trees I made. There's no bug to speak English anymore. I went down to my, yeah, I met Beachwear. The weather was nice. I'm shunning. I walked into a liquor store, but the guy there talks real fun. I asked him for a pint of fortune, be me just non-tiend of what does that mean? The butter is using wish. And I'm more. That's the corner deline. Hell, I think I've been Pakistan's kick-in was smelly. Oh, you can go back to the lara. I can't hear. I can't hear the go. And when my ABC, I don't say much as gross as I said pretty pretty. So get yourself to a classroom quick. You're an American now. Stop making me sick. No, but it's dangerous. Come on, man. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so I'm so sorry. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. Thank you. I'm so sorry. I'm sorry. They may be nice actors. Many who think about when acts are bored It seems like he who will flourish All thoseards around me Well, you don't respond. All you care for. Go back to democracy. And not in five, a genitalin, a cranky tool. I think we might be happy to get there. I think you really got out of your mind. You got to have your wee wee bed. Strap on to sight. No chance I'll go and show it to you. I grab a dive with the graphics as you say. Why I'll help you know that I'm a big buggy tool for Brooklyn Highies. I've been waiting for you, everybody, but you're not high, honey. Me and most of that would blow. No way that if we had a fight, the dudes of I would wanna hear a genitalin. And push it down. That's graphic as a die. I'm going to go and show it to you. I'm going to go and show it to you. I'm going to go and show it to you. I'm going to go and show it to you. I'm going to go and show it to you. And show it to you with me. For me, is much better, 6 to 10, not five. It's only right that I should get more sleep tonight. I think we might. We'd be happy to take a safe grillingcji. , begun, Questioni, Kellie M Mark. What11 One, one! You can unwrap all of the slime all the time! Thanks Mo! 20 Tiluh tuuh tuuh. We got six hundred yad or what? Or five ninety-nine what are you going? I got five ninety-nine on mine. I'm reloading. Are you reloading it? The squirt squirt? Probably shooting blanks. Which of these was the greatest active hypocrisy of all Rush Limbaugh, illegal pill popper, 178. Races from Thurman, five of the illegitimate black daughter, 146. Coke and booze hound George's W. Bush lectures about morality 105, Reverend Jesse Jackson Kauva's illegitimate child 87-600. 67. We got six hundred. Oh! Jim McRiff's office followers turns out to be a pervert 45. Jimmy Swagger, it's since with Hooker's 29, felending representative Henry Hardlector's Clinton on morality 26, and board again John Van B's worked a b'ser, causes Goli a nigger a three. So remember vote of three times. Let me take us something that vote for all the time, and as Brandy Schoes and Pompato beats, a lot of people have been voting for them for a long time. And that's why they've been around for 25 years. Nearly a quarter of a century, in fact over a quarter of a century now. So they got to be doing a lot of things right. Like giving you the top brand names in a business like rock ports, Echos, Mufisto's, Timberland Clark's SAS floor shum, all the other top names in this U-Vinus. And of course, having all the sizes you need, men 6 to 15 women's 5 to 12, which from the very petite and narrow to the very, very big fat and wide. And of course, prices that are unbeatable and friendly personal service to make sure you get a perfect fit every time. You put all these things together, and what's not to like. Brandy Schoes, that's why they've been around so long. You were at 1290 North Federal Highway in Pompato Beach, Open Daily, Mumbuk, Crusader day 9 and 9. Sunday's 10 to 5 and during Brandy's 25th anniversary, even more special savings like right now is a great time to buy a floor shum. All this week saved 25% off on all men's floor shum strows at Brandy Schoes. So be sure to stop it or check them out on the web at Brandy's Shoes.com. See yo yo! Northman of Democratic presidential candidate Jane steam. It's Howard. Bob-Bob-Oe. Whoie. The 13th of the Maiting Order. And word smoth. Not to mention, he makes a fine sausage. That's not him. A former governor for mod. And one of the prestigious Michael Thurup Gussling Contest. Never happened. Apparently, I have ruffled some feathers in the Democratic Party. Specifically with my former running mate, Halleberstein. It's Joe Lieberman. If there's one man in the Madunki Party that's leaving more whiny and monotone than me, it's Jim Leibowitz. Joe Lieberman. When I told this endorsement from a sleeker lockbox, I did so after much consideration. I saw. And a game of rock-paper-scissors. If Mr. Lieberskillant is hurt, then I am sorry. But Joe is Joe Landonburg. Lieberman must realize, I'm a sharp political man whose choices to shape our nation's leaders are important. You've lost me. In conclusion, let me say this to Mr. Lono with. Lieberman. And Mr. Bean. Team! I love you both. Like a gay man would. But without the room-pular invasion. I think we're done here. Tell course views. There is over net no affiliation from the Democratic National Committee to elect the president. This is where I work. There is never a dull moment at the wall. I love looking at Walmart. We say at Walmart way after our shifts are over, partly because we love it, but mostly because they love good things. It's more than a story to a fun place to be. The best thing about Bean on the Walmart team is not having all those forms and papers that workers with health benefits have to worry about. We never know what to go find at Walmart. I just came in for the fun of it. The immigrants are the best at Walmart. They clean their toilets practically for free. At Walmart, I don't need no stink in green cars. We don't need no budgets. I don't have to show you on a stinging vases. It's like my morning routine. He drinks healthy and wake up at Walmart. I'm going to go to the supermarket. I'm going to go to the supermarket. I'm going to go to the supermarket. I'm going to go to the supermarket. I'm going to go to the supermarket. I'm going to go to the supermarket. I'm going to go to the supermarket. I'm going to go to the supermarket. I'm going to go to the supermarket. I'm going to go to the supermarket. I'm going to go to the supermarket. I'm going to go to the supermarket. I'm going to go to the supermarket. I'm going to go to the supermarket. I'm going to go to the supermarket. I'm going to go to the supermarket. I'm going to go to the supermarket. I'm going to go to the supermarket. I'm going to go to the supermarket. I'm going to go to the supermarket. I'm going to go to the supermarket. I'm going to go to the supermarket. I'm going to go to the supermarket. I'm going to go to the supermarket. I'm going to go to the supermarket. I'm going to go to the supermarket. I'm going to go to the supermarket. I'm going to go to the supermarket. I'm going to go to the supermarket. I'm going to go to the supermarket. I'm going to go to the supermarket. I'm going to go to the supermarket. I'm going to go to the supermarket. I'm going to go to the supermarket. I'm going to go to the supermarket. I'm going to go to the supermarket. I'm going to go to the supermarket. I'm going to go to the supermarket. I'm going to go to the supermarket. I'm going to go to the supermarket. I'm going to go to the supermarket. I'm going to go to the supermarket. I'm going to go to the supermarket. I'm going to go to the supermarket. Chelsea Victoria Clinton arrived three weeks early on February 27, 1980 at 11, 24 p.m. While I was recovering, Bill would put his foot on my throat. Yaked me by my hair and say, woman, don't spoil her. I said, okay. Chelsea was sold by her opium addicted father when she was eight years old. father when she was eight years old. Chelsea looked at him and said, bad things about her daddy. That sealed the decision for Bill. I didn't know whether to laugh or cry. But even more frightening, at the age of 15, Chelsea had come back to haunt us. She escaped and returned home. Only to be sold again to a horse. Who would want to do that to kids who had never done anything to them? Me, Hillary, Rodham, Clinton. Chelsea said, come on mom, don't do it. Oh yeah, right I said. Looking like a days boxer had just been pummeled in the ring. She leans toward me and whispered in my ear. You bitch. 151 at 560 WQM happy holidays. Marjorie good pie. We got a big holiday surprise. The booster. Used to be a monster, but now is just a shadow of his former self. Who's your friend of mad dog from Shula State to a two? You got the Humper aka the tub. At the studios at four with Iro and wind him in five to six. Then we got the panters and the crampittals tonight. Any interest? Let me tell you about a great place. EF Taren out of a period of five to fifty eighty three north federal highway just to mile and a half north of Sample Road in, Pristigius Pompano Beach. Any F Taren out of a period experienced that difference that difference makes that experience makes too. All the EF mechanics are ASC certified technicians current with all latest technology and must do one of the EF team for nearly 20 years. The EF team has not over 200 combined years of experience. And right now at EF, if you need an oil change, stop by EF and ask them about their Neil Rogers 1295 oil change special. You heard right only 1295 for an oil change. The EF team uses only the best parts top of line castor or GTS motorora. You couldn't even buy the parts for this amazingly unbeatable low price just 1295. EF Taren out of a period of fifty eighty three north federal highway in Pompano Beach, Comet 9504, 426, 9926, that's 9504, 426, 9926. And when you do make that call, ask them about their 90 days, same as cash and win first credit card. EF Taren out of a repair their nationally recognized is one of the most successful automotive repair facilities anywhere in the entire US of A and don't forget to ask them about their 1295 Neil Rogers oil change special at EF called 954-426-9926. But here we are back on stage again presenting that we are still friends. Ha ha ha ha ha. Wearing the pens. We're selling out every concert hall. Life's just all that we don't make on fall. We can't afford one little slip. Don't happen. We can break out here. Just to get out of the way you're looking, sing a kick here, my gun's on my head. Look at me. Every time I look at, I'm like, I'm just not surprised. There's all our complaints just like on the boy. Take it really. Every time I look at all I see them on this stand. What kind of thing? Without me does projects like the keep man body. Here we are all the road again. After every show night, after night. Staying in one other bites. Fight with half-wear naked cash. Buy us not much fun. Like the shooting each other with a gun. How we would even die. We swear at curse. You're wearing a money-code me words. Ha ha. I said, say to anyone. Ha ha ha. I said, say to anyone. Ha ha ha. I said, say to anyone. Ha ha ha. I said, say to anyone. Ha ha ha. I said, say to anyone. Ha ha. The middle Eastern world will be exploded. To dumb at people killed. With the gas that we sold him. First time a crescer nation and they only won that's going. Now more blood will be spilled. To get that oil going. Forget about Korean. The nooks they're toasting at the right. We're just grilling it over and over and over to our heads. That Iraq has some weapons of past destruction. 3,000 people killed. Our now forgotten, let's exploit them instead. Hey, there's oil to be caught. Going after some time too. Plank Kato's summer. There's no longer mention of the name in law. But no one seems concerned. All comfy and complacent. Believe in every word of this part. Tell it, administration. That controls us by fear through the idea. Our manipulation and the right wing is thrilling. It over and over and over and do our heads. That Iraq has some weapons of past destruction. The loss of civil rights is the right that we're paid. We're all suspects now. Not the Ashcroft is saying. I have nothing to hide. Table partners all are saying. Blime no beauty and cattle don't have any reservations. Out of provoke, battle ends. World annihilation. Old regime must fall. It has a virgin and stone. With no objection at all. Till the crackstone have the fall and the right wing is thrilling. It over and over and do our parade wash hands. Iraq has some weapons of past destruction. The only Iraq has some weapons of past destruction. Bye bye. Watch your show. I got nothing against niggers. That was a nigger.