We don't care, Molly just asked George and stuff he don't care either. To make a long story short, Molly. Welcome to the 70th Annual Mo Howard Svelling Bee! I see you on that video. Let's go. Eric Mr. Bush, your word is clan destiny. Like his incline destiny, operation. I are a n-c-l-n-t-r-a. Ron, what do you plan? Okay, Mr. Clinton, your word is monogamous. R-O-S-T-I-T-U-T-A. Not even close. Okay, Senator Kennedy, you're wearing a sobriety. Yes, uh, who the hell pick these up? Anyway, CH-I-V-A-S. Ron, what do you plan? What are you? Don't get drunk off that anymore. I thought it was up in the immunity to a death. It looks like the field's been now to two people. Let's start with Ross Pro. You have an easy one. Police spelled government. Let's go to the charge hand. You've got F-H-T. Horseboat cow. Anything to one. Absolutely. Rest my case. Here out. And Mr. Stromt, diamond. You can win this thing. If you can spell the word, anticlated. Oh, L-D. Oh, things aren't like that. And we have a winner. Whoo! That's right. So anyway, maybe you're wondering how can I play that? You wonder how can I play that? Well, I know, but that's how I can play it. How come this over? So, oh, it's because it's Monday. Everything's screwed up in here. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. It's what it says in here. Headline at times. Jickus column. Tom actually wrote a comment. Somebody might be interested in reading, but I doubt it. About the three stuages. Jesus Christ. Yeah. Larry Fine, curly and mo. Howard. And about the fact that tomorrow night on NBC on Channel 6 and Channel 5 and Palm Beach are going to have the big thing. The three stuages. Oh, with Larry curly and mo. Just though I mentioned that. What's the result that I pulled from over the weekend? He asked 1777 votes on there. What's your take and a more protestors we asked? They're exercising their rights 559. 31.4%. I support them 100% 3.96.22.2%. They're a bunch of comedy-pink-o-assels, 3.5 people said that 19.6%. I protest know Howard David and Jesus Christ. 274. Just on general principles even though it has nothing to do with the pool. Put him on there. It's always good for a couple hundred votes. They're bad for troop morale. The more protesters. 89. I'm one of them. See, you know what? What's the really sad? I'm one of them. 73. 4.1%. That's because basically there are no war protesters here. They're only a bunch of illegal aliens. But animals. The assholes running around their with their signs. I'm the Babou, I should be by the way over the weekend. And then the last weekend was the Abitfest with the Getskis, the young Getskis for Christ. The Getskis for Jesus Christ. And they're on patriotic 36. So let's see, you take 7? 26.6%. That the more protesters are like evil doers in one form or another. Comic-pink-o-assel-eval-doers. Which means that 74.4%. They got a right. But only 73 of you are one of them. And that's the kind of talent this is. This is the end of the world. Which will get to an our poll today, which I think I got my thumb right on it is usual. Speaking of somebody has his thumb right on it. This story from very jackass and also was in thenoconsent. Just just pathetic. It's typical of this town. Dolphins want logo off WQA and billboard. Do you know something? If I weren't here to actually see this? I'd have a hard time believing it. I mean you have done it Shalala. Wow, you know. To blew those organizations anyway. But the Miami Dolphins, the big macho Miami Dolphins, those big ass football players. They do have a big ass football player. Oh, God. Miami has the top of the greatest football team. We take the ball from cold to cold like no one's ever seen. We're in the air, we're under the wheel. We're in the air, we're in the air. We're in the air, we're in the air. Yeah, the Miami Pussies. Not Dolphins anymore. They're much of Pussies. That's obvious, right? Are you ready Jones, you idiot? Look at this. Dolphins want logo off WQA and billboard. Dolphins on Friday became the second team to ask WQA to remove its logo from the stations we have. Balls billboard. How do you like that? Oh my God. Dolphins present at Eddie Jones. Dean the billboard inappropriate is response to Kroll Gables attorney Wackie Jackie Thompson who wrote letters complaining about the billboard of the teams whose games are carried by the UxSWQA. Last week, you have him present. Donne Schlevel said she was appalled by the billboard. She was appalled by. Not just defended. Appalled. An asked for WQM to remove UMS logo. The Marlins and Paths have not responded to Thompson's letter. WQM general manager Greg Reed said he's asked the company that made the billboard to remove UMS logo and will do the same for the Dolphins. Reed said he is not intended to remove the billboard which now will feature the Laros of only the Marlins and Paths. We'll find out who really has balls. Rejopped? Yeah. The billboard is on state road 441 North of Sheridan Street in Hollywood. It's unfortunate that station has a pension for that type of material Wackie Jackie Thompson said. We have a pension for that. We have balls. Let me say it again is a slogan used by sports stations from coast to coast. In markets where they don't have a Wackie Jackie Thompson where they don't have a bunch of weakneed posses cave into this kind of crap. Donna Shalailas of Paul and Eddie Jones of the Freak and Bush Miami Dolphins. You have a bunch of posses. No wonder they always choke in December. All right. You can smell it. You can smell them all the way. We're in fact I can just hear the fur balls. Put it in their throats. Can't you? Fur balls. Fur balls. Oh that's right. We got for that's what we're on to say. We've got fur balls in the throat. You and your homosexual agenda. That's right. Balls in the throat. So there you go. WQM is in hot water with the dolphins. We're not in hot water with anybody. We're just going to take the logos off. Wackie Jackie and you're not supposed to be listening anyway. So get lost. Go over and listen to Dr. Laura. Excoreating those communistas. Oh I gotta read this. I got several things I want to read because I don't see any calls coming in anyway. Well we're not going to get any calls on in Broward today. I beg your pardon. Do you see the little dot that's missing on your little thing there? Yeah. That's the primary Broward line. Before it can roll over into the other lines that one actually has to be working. So in other words now you're telling me this and like seven past nine. Talkin' about it. Well you know something to get it. We're not going to get any calls on anything because not listening it working. Mr. How do you like that? Well what kind of a radio station is this? It was working fine on Friday. Isn't it? And here we go again. Another QAM weekend boys and girls. Where the phone don't work at all. A talk show without a phone. What a concept. Duff. How do you like that? Well anyway like I said I got a lot of stuff here to read. And thank God for that because we got no phones working. None. You thought it was just Broward huh? Thurots said it just. Well guess what? Day Broward Palm Beach, Munro County. All the ships that see coast to coast from Uranus. We couldn't get a call for a million dollars. Look at that. This thing is his dad. Is this hooked up to anything? He's going to reset the computer to see if that has anything. And I had a hear what we said to computer my freaking ass. So like you said you got lots of things to read right? This is got to be a joke. This is got to be a joke. And you know what he... Yeah it is a joke on us. But tomorrow's April Fool's Day. This is still the 31st. Hey everybody. Hey, I'm filling engineering. You guys are the best and toughest for us. I'm concerned man. Hey the good news is that the power practice gets your back stream. Broward calls are coming in. So I was wrong about the roll over thing. It might not be the primary that's coming in. Well they're sure not coming in here. Oh you can't do anything about him. Well Carlos is dealing with it. Oh look at that. Nothing is spastic. Woo! Look at the bright flashing. Well can I guess I better do the break since we have so many spots today. Oh yeah. Huh? This is... I sure should need to come back from for this. They got that SARS cleaned up in Toronto yet. They got that all those germs caught yet. What's that case? What's the last year? I'm going right back. Who the hell needs this? This is unbelievable. What a bunch of... Pussy's. Pussy's. Pussy's. Poor any Jones. The dolphins. They're offended. They want us to take the sign down. They want the logo off the billboard. We've got balls. Let's put up a billboard for you of him. And the dolphins. It says we've got no balls. How do you like that? Can you make that a little bit bigger, Carlos? Oh look at that. The lines are flashing. Wait a minute. W2QIM. Hey Neil. Good morning. How do you like that? I told you this phone was great. This was kind of ball through the Panthers play with. That's right. In fact, they're going to put one that says we got Pucks. And I'm sure that Jackie will get upset about that too. Oh yeah. I'm good. Yeah, we got Pucks. Or we could put one up for the Panthers that just says, Puck you. How do you like that? You see that we're offended. Everybody's offended. We're butchering up people. They're dying like flies over there in the Middle East. And we're worried about that. We got balls. That goes to show you. We really got our priority straight. Here it's out Florida. Well, good news is the phone is finally working out. Carlos recited in here. How about that line? Find the one. Browod is that thing working? No. That thing's not working. So don't get too carried away. Air. I'm not working Mondays anymore. I'm going to tell you that right now. I'm going to leave it to you to come in here and unnotescoo the stuff or at least maybe I'll come in a ten on Monday. You may next door out of sleep. As George unscruised the equipment between nine and ten a and of course we probably get a big tune in audience for that. What's going to be all screwed up today? It'll be the phone. It'll be the computers that he cs the audio vault, the spot small work. Of course we don't have to work about that today. Nice going with that sales department. By the way, just see Bob Eisenberg came in here this morning. Sure. My hand. Lots of weight. Still looks like Bob Eisenberg. Ten past nine at five sixty WQAM. You've been thinking about buying a new barbecue or any barbecue accessories. Here's the place to go. You've got to go to barbecue's galore. They are the specialist. They know their stuff. They've got it all for you. Let me remind you to get a head start on the barbecue season with a perfect grill and accessories. All of the guaranteed lowest prices in the universe. Barbecue's galore carries barbecues in every price range from the top of the line commercial grade stainless steel to the more portable webchar charcoal grill. For longer barbecue needs it. The guaranteed lowest prices. This is the joint. Don't forget to shop barbecue's galore and plantation and a cruel thing. Barbecue's galore because they be the barbecue's special. It's my life and low ball. This is for 25. You're the one who made it. The rod you've got. It's time for the WQAM. You'd hear the beast concept. Let's meet our beast jacket. Start it with the alas Maria. Great news. Thank you. Thank you ladies and gentlemen. Now our next judge needs no introduction. I'm sure you're all aware of our wonderful morning. All right. All right. Out of my way. Didn't it happen to him? Without any other point I heard. I'll announce the award of the beauty and the beast contest. So I can get out of here and go home. All right. Give me the goddamn envelope. Here you are. I'm all done. And the winner is match. Lorette. Number one. Okay. Beast. I am the beast. Yep. All right. That's the right. That's the right number one. Let me say number one. I had to figure it out. I can't think. I can't think. I. Number one. I can't think. I can't think. I can't think. I can't think. All right. Beast. Meachum. Mystery. Sport. Radio. Program. I was hoping you'd take me. I always thought to. We're trying to queue. Maybe later we can talk about sports. You said sports. Stop it, Lorette. I know the beast. And your money, my arm. Stop it. All right. You two, mother. It's not good at all. Get in the back of the van. What for, mom? Because you're one. You moron. Now I got to use on it. Think to the crazy horse he's horse tripped. Here we are, kids. No, have a good time. Thanks. It's all the four. It's a game club, mom. I know what the real looks like. I'll go all the insinit. I'm not bad back. Backstab and tight. I'm gonna. What? Sports. I can't hear you. Who's that? Sports. I said. Sports. Sports. Ah. Sports. Sports. Sports. Sports. Sports. Yeah. Sports. Sports. Sports. Sports. Sports. Sports. Sports. Sports. Sports. Sports. Sports. Sports. Sports. Sports. Yes. 915. At 5.60 W qu m home with adults. It's in her game. Yeah. Couple where we'll push teams if they're ever worn. Now, under they, you know, an order they took their net last overtime, the her coins. And of course the dolphins, well, be similar. They just want to take it off the counter all together. This song, this is then sourdening here. It does it, huh? Does somebody dick with a microphone to also. Has everything else has been dick with it here. We've been through this for five excruciating years. years three and a half of it up here on his flow. Three or four rhymes with moat. Seriously, I mean everything in here is messed up. Can't just be me. I sound like me, right? But this microphone sounds like I'm talking to a tin can. That's not pretty good. Anyway, here's our pot. Look, I'm going to do what up. I can. They all the overheads are all screwed up and he keeps saying it and we got a we got more people and management in this radio station and not a guy damn what them can get anything done. Not one of them. They all talk a good game. They all got titles. They, you know, fly low under the radar to make sure nobody can find them. Job justification and in the meantime, every guy damn weekend is the same here. It's the same. You come in here and it's been a playground in here over the weekend, including your close personal buddies, which I don't want to mention his name. Joe. Oh, rhymes with mo. Here's our poll for today. Which of these best describes South Florida? I think I've got three, six, eight great choices. Well, six of many way. Which of these best describes South Florida? Land of Sun and Fun Paradise Outdoor Funeral Power. Banana Republic. Haven for rubber raptors. Magget magnet. Land of Crooks and Snooks or intellectual wasteland. Oh man, what a poll man. Oh, I end the vest when it comes to this crap. I know my crap. Oh, we better tell the story about Duffin the Pop police, too, since we're ripping him and asked well deserved. Duff is now the pop police at QAM. Let's hear it for the muff myster. Who busted Zach and who was it? Land wasn't Zach. It was a lie to the Anthony. I think. Well, whoever to hell was. Now Zach was to busy eating. Oh, yeah, he's on a die. Zach, you want some breakfast? No, you want some breakfast? That was yesterday. Or a fried window. I want some breakfast. See, one thing about fat people. Like I've always told you, we're all drug people. Food pushers. Food pushers. Here you want some of this? Okay, all yours. There you go. Food pushers. I'm full of gender. Yeah. Food pusher by the way, watch your backpack. I've heard some real scary things about what most gotten the store for you after that bad trend. Anyway, there is the poll for today. So muff at the, where was this appearance now at the beauty in the beast? Oh, it's the new recipe. And of the beast. Oh, another one of our fat people, which we have so many at the beauty in the beast of fair widely promoted by another fat guy, the Humper who came up with the idea to try desperately just not forget about getting late, just to get a date, just to get a female in the same room with the beast who wouldn't run away screaming. And so at this bash, which was held where? Gatsby's I present at Gatsby's, no less. Which is a really nice place. So who was it now? Moan Guilty? We're smoking some, oh, it was Moan Guilty. It was a bad and an amphony. Well, that's what about with the overnight guys? Yeah. They're entitled and they were smoking a couple of fat numbers. They're in the here comes muff in a parking lot. You know, probably looking around cruising the parking lot, trolling. And he sees them in the narrow. You know, little, little, little, all right, a little, a roll my knee here. Petrolling. He was put trolling. He was trolling. Not put trolling. Okay. Just checking a car is to see who's not a nice. And they're in their smoking little number. Okay. They were going, do we do we do and right? We got all been out of it. We're asked about meeting and blah, blah, blah, blah. You know, flexing his muscle again to make sure that we understand that he is justifying that fat salary is. You get it, don't you? No, I don't. And by the way, Clarence, talk about flying out of the radar. I think he's out of the desk. Yeah. Since since the beast, since the beast got into him that first time, I think he's out of the desk. He's still healing from that first experience. Is what I'm hearing. Anyway, so there's the poll for today. You got three votes on there already. Well, it's just one up. Just relax. Okay. This audience is really, really slow today. We've got balls. Oh, God. What a place. What a place. A place with no balls. No a heart, no balls, no brains. Other nettis is paradise. Seriously, no heart. Think about it. No ball. There's no brains. That's how Florida for you right there. There's so many good choices on the poll. Maybe that's why it's a certain off real slow there. I like maggot magnet. I think that's all. Well, the reason I mentioned maggot magnet is because everyone of these terrorists and all these, uh, my spits, all these notorious assels. Oh, Jay, you know, it seems like every maggot eventually sooner or later, you can trace it back to South Florida. Like the build of America. Right. Exactly. Like the bottom of your septic tank. Three votes on here. That's it. There's something going on here today, you know? I noticed Mo couldn't buy a call from 50 bucks a call on his phone was working. Let's see if this is a thing. Oh, there you go. 15 votes. But now every public five land of sun and fun three outdoor funeral parlor two. One of those is mine. Land of Crooks and Snooks two. A maggot magnet. One. I love that expression. You know, who's a maggot magnet? Somebody that we both know? Let me, let me give you a little, uh, if I can get the damn thing going here. Let me give you a little clue. Other maggot magnet. Yeah, I know this. Finds every missfit, every mal content, every misskreat, every scumbag. He, uh, he finds him. It's like my mother. He'll talk to anybody that we'll talk to him. Right. Exactly. By the way, have a nice tip to Washington, remember and by the way, keep saying by the way, because you got me doing it. One vote for, uh, haven't for rubber raptors. One for intellectual wasteland and none for paradise. I guess Moha hasn't got home yet. For paradise. Here's an article by Jimmy Brasslin in News Day today. Yesterday. Blood remains on the hands. The least blood a small squirt rumor when removing a needle two drops. That's all no more than two drops and suddenly it's everywhere. It remains after all. Why put in a returns? Look about and it is in two or three places. Why put those places in the blood doesn't go away. Two drops of pure as a needle comes out and then it's endless. Blood from the body of a baby, bonded at the back dead, blood by the pint running onto the street as fast as a swift river, has magic in its pure infant cells. Of course, you cannot scrub the street clean because the blood from the baby already has covered the street in his in the ear. Blood from a bond baby and bag dead goes over the wide choking sands and across his mountains and then great land masses and suddenly over its handlets in Westminster in London and people look at the sidewalk and wonder where these large blood spots came from and the officer on duty in front of 10 down history looks at the doorhandlet worries. How did this get here without me seeing this in having it cleaned? He has a servant rush to the door with cloth and polish and he wipes the blood and polish his the doorhandles and then he walks off and the guard happens to glance at the doorhandle and the blood is back, smeared bright new red over the polished handle. The baby's blood is off to rush over the ocean, a strange red cloud poised to rain and it floats over the green of the Washington parks and goes down a sloping street to the state department whereas a man opens a corridor for colon Powell, he suddenly notices blood on the doorhandle and he quickly unfurls a handkerchief and wipes the handle and pologates in the car goes off in the man who held the door's left in the driveway and he sees the red that is still on Powell's doorhandle. When he leaves the car, Powell doesn't notice the doorhandle as he touches himself, touches it himself, the blood red cloud goes over the river to the Pentagon and suddenly pours on the car that takes rum spill to an appearance and this time the blood is left on the door handle of both sides, a sergeant wipes the blood is there when rum spill gets home. The red cloud then comes down the White House lawn and does more than a sprinkle it splashes the helicopter the present as he strolls out with his wife his dog and his testy walk and slight smirk and the wife has his head is side smiling for it's the end of the week and we are good decent Christian people, God bless us and God bless everybody and is there a bot to get into the helicopter and air force officer rushes up in alarmances please just give us a moment and he has three people scrubbing so quickly to clean the blood from the helicopter and then Vosha and his wife get a board and they fly off to Camp David for where else would you go on a weekend as they've neglected to have two men hanging out the windows and inspecting the sides of the craft in midair nobody can see the blood back on a helicopter. As they get off at Camp David Vosha's hand brushes against the baby blood on the plane as does his wife's. At this hour in London, Blair arises in the middle of his long night and goes to the bathroom to try to wash this blood off he couldn't do it before he went to bed. In washing in rum spell stairs the red splashes on both his hands and colon pal calls out that there must be something wrong with the soap because it doesn't get the blood off his hands. At Camp David Vosha notices blood on his right hand and goes to the bathroom to wash it off and he holds his hands under the water and rubs them with a bar of soap and then puts them under the water when he takes them out and holds them out to dry with a towel he glances at his hands and sees the blood of the dead baby as bright on his fingers he mutters and washes the hands again. He will do it again again this year and then next year and through all the years because the blood forever remains on the hands. Bright Jimmy Brisland and News Day today. Sounds like Connie Pico sounds like he's right on target to me. It's a needless senseless mindless grotesque mud bath. This isn't the war. This is a blood bath where witnessing human sacrifice for fun and profit. That's exactly what this is and you know something I don't give a flying crap what the poll say. I don't care if there's only a few percent of the American public who got enough common sense and brains and decency to take the time to really find out what's going on and really use their own brain as opposed to listening to this endless sea of propaganda that comes out of your television set in most of your newspapers. I don't care if it's like one tenth to one percent that's where I'm coming from. That's my perspective. And as long as I had the opportunity and the an ounce of blood in my body I'm going to sit here and I'm going to say it every single day. This is totally insane and every single one of these people all sides the Brits the Americans the Iraqis the Kurds no matter who it is you're talking about the Syrians who run that bus every one of these people who and then the thing in a market here that they well we have to double check and make sure it wasn't one of ours. If it was one of the surface to wear missiles that they were firing what differences it make the only reason that people are dying is because we attacked that's the only reason that these people are dying. What were they firing those surface to air missiles at? I love not just the scob just their imagination I guess. That's Shaw shock and awe Shaw Shaw neck. The blood is on a hands not only of the people mentioned in Jimmy Brazilians column but also on a hands of everybody who supports this insanity. It's also on your hands. 27 after nine at five sixty WDQA and number one Chinese buffet in the world is the Emerald Coast there in sunrise they're north by Mubitsa and their news location is in Pemberg Pines and this isn't just a meal when you go to the Emerald Coast it's a feast. It gets yourself a really good appetite and then head over there and pick out. Start with six different kinds of soups you can take any of more all of them and then try dozens and dozens of suckle on trays or you'll serve in turf on a weekend's nearer strip steak made a word of agorame center a sizzling Asian grill with teriyaki steak and shrimp chicken seafood handcarre primary. The Emerald Coast for what's healthy living cooking all of their fine cuisine with no cornstarch no MSG and only using cholesterol free oils. The buffet features a full salad bar new sushi bar in fresh from cocktail too and Emerald Coast famous lobster fest is back featuring lobster thermators and lobster biscke bring like I said a healthy appetite because the dessert bar if you can save a little room for it is splendid they got pies and cakes pastries ice cream and all your favorite toppings and fresh fruit the perfect ending to a gigantic feast I can just see the beast Zack fact boy and Josh Frieden over there right now probably put him out of business Emerald Coast relocations for you in sunrise Pine Island a 44th street on Collins Avenue just north of 163 north Miami Beach and at the intersection of the flamingo and pemorcao's in pemorcao's. Emerald Coast accept reservations take out delivery available as well call 9 5 4 5 7 2 38 22 9 5 4 5 7 2 38 22 be sure and check out the noorianne'll chicken salad too when you head for the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet. local vices 5 16 3 years old yours so a ton of rags in here interfering with the show by the way ma the little least heard world will be exploded to the time that people kill with the gas that we sold him first time a crescer nation and the only one that's going now more blood will be spilled to get that oil going forget about Korean the nooks there close to that right wing is really it over and over into our head that a rack has some weapons of past destruction 3,000 people killed are now forgotten let's exploit them instead hate their soil to be content going after sit down to play kato summer there's no longer mention of the name in lot of it but no it seems concerned all of the incomplacians believe in every word of this artell it administration that controls the spite fair through medium manipulation and the right wing is drilling it over and over and over to our heads that a rack has some weapons of past destruction the loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying we're all suspects now not the ice-croft is saying I have nothing to hide table partners all are saying I know idiot cattle don't have any reserve issues out of provoked cattle at world annihilation over the human's mouth and however gen and stout with no objection at all till the crack don't have the fall and the right wing is really it over and over and over to our parade washman I rack has some weapons of past destruction only I rack have some weapons of past destruction but third man 9.32 at 5.60 WQM boy this overhead sounds read maybe it's me I don't know could be I don't know I got used to it sounds really tinny in the strange and it on a some strange sounds strange to me not a strange is that meowing sound colored from the dolphins organization any Jones I just I mean this is a national football league these are macho men we got balls I guess they don't have any balls that's the problem exact Thomas no balls jfiler no balls go for skin 5.670560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line can you imagine the humiliation the embarrassment that they must be feeling the players here's the fact they flag ship station of the W of the dolphin network maybe they're all Christians well they're for shaving that's right they're probably if they're Christian prayer breakfast and all of a sudden anyway don't forget to figure a sports maybe this is a big day you going Carlos is going venerable is going because I give him the tickets and the parking pass and he's bugging me where did you park where's this park where would I let you park okay just kiss the ground you got the free ticket schmuck got what a puts go to that thing the seven right down the street right over there over sub-center so there's a little past the sub-sets farm that market there past that market yeah past a good church good joint history school past the school yeah and right kitty quarter uh and we whatever that turnpike thing is yeah I'm gonna go ATV riding how do you get we got the marlins and the who they plan to fillies opening day baby marlins on deck at three thirty right after the mad dog mad dogs gonna be doing a show of course I'm sure from over there right from the stadium gonna be over there mad dog all right good marlins on deck at three thirty to marlins in the fillies opening game for a five followed by the big oh seven o'clock was a marvelous guy who shouldn't be on the air just to say hello any k at ten o'clock into a mark overnight that's the agenda for the big gay aren't you a worked up about opening baseball day sub-new Carlos and I was over with the last night I was channel surfing I think I think moan gildi I must have been with them on something coming to work I heard the mention the fact that they're gildi mentioned it that the major league baseball I didn't even realize the scene started last night I'm channel surfing last night and there's the angels in the rangers that was this and I realized I'm thinking of myself well the marlin play their opener tomorrow so must be a real game Carlos is really stoked because since you gave him that moan stoked yes he can afford a coke he's not dog he smoked don't let my fight out he's not oh boy orders clearance he just came off from out of the desk coast is clear the beast ain't in the building okay well he's still got that smile on his face man since he had that date with the beast and I used to turn loosely up against the wall since he had that day yeah like that scene in the godfather he saw that all that comedy playing too much comedy with that fat beast bastard see I look upon his uh this thing with a war and with the bush all these polls 67% 72% it's the same as religion see one thing in life this is a good lesson for all you people with open mind both here how many people do you think it is time to have an open mind that's enough is when you find yourself in a minority on things like for example more most people in McDonald's I don't in my embarrassed about I'm pleased that I know the approw that I do not even McDonald's okay most people eat french fries do I eat french fries no I'm still a fat sickly slob but I'm pleased that I know the french fries most people think that this is a just war that this is uh for real do I believe that no most people think this presents doing a well wonderful job it's not what I don't know that's not it don't expect me to defend the dow is down 114 and the half the market has only been open five minutes and 45 seconds and then I was up down 1414 points and as the x down 21 and the standard and poor underlying the poor part is down 11 points and take a precipitous crap is what it's doing oh the unemployment figures not good how's consumer content nice good bad all time lows but we got on star all Islam we wiped out their plant up there a by a ran and then a lot of them did ran and let's say it again they have nothing to do with al-Qaeda their terrorist organization yes but they're their own terrorist organization they got nothing to do with al-Qaeda and when we had to vlog him on on Friday driving home I did something I haven't done in years and I'll never do it again I punched over to let's do that for about two minutes big top of crap who just makes it up as he goes oh well we have verification now that on star illness law blah blah blah is affiliated with al-Qaeda and everybody's not in it but I told you that here are first on this program and here's an article from some Australian paper from the down under thunder and it's just that morning I talked about the fact that they hit the same guy on MSNBC again this morning saying it's a long reach along stretch to try and anyway do affiliate and they've got nothing to do with al-Qaeda and he explained to wise the where-force but don't confuse the right wingers with it because to them it is a religion it's the crazy fundamentalists kill on each other which is nothing new and I promise us for the redundancy their crazy fundamentalists sorry five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T and Verizon line west palm beach hello good afternoon Neil good evening good morning I'm listening three things to kill me with the down on that that's the 12 year old nine year old man the car one day with the 12 year old friend we're going to get stuff for lunch he goes home it down down in the units and my children go home it's down oh yeah you see the kind of space you saw I told you even the head I ain't on either that listen the worst thing was this morning before you came off listening to power and on her already was again for the ten times ditching and moaning about people complaining about what's going on in the work how can people be so stupid to not do with this great president or whatever what would you ever was in our experience that that's part about the field this is out my tiny comedy I listen to him in a couple weeks for that tiny company before each her and I'm often completely saying what an idiot talks about from backing this war the thing that's most of his sister and tell people the shut up about the work what the heck is he doing on the radio if it was for the people make a lot of years for his feet we're free to speak to this country he would have never made any one because he couldn't even have been a garbage man and he's out there telling people to shut up because they're talking about what's going on in the work what and God's day what happened all these people I guess I'm about one of the few left very stupid well the goddess you can't hear if anybody was listening which they're not but there's nobody left and of course fill somebody told me about children we last week and I had a hard time believing in and then I thought it was a bit I listened to Phil twice and I said my body has got to be and then I had an email for more insamials who said to me that he's gone so far to the right that he's about to fall off the edge of the planet is what I'm hearing are you sure and what was that all about of course he does work for premiere which is on my clear channel so evidently everybody in the media is goose stepping along if they know what's good for him and I just haven't learned yet I haven't got the memo yet it's truly amazing as if people on the best part about it was now Howard has got to a new level just what he plays this morning on the radio I can't imagine but so fucking and they think it's just fantastic they've just found this new bit yeah oh my god Neil these people are insane thank God you're out there and I know you think she's crazy but thank God Randy's out there too oh people here oh okay okay okay talk to a groupie five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon and the problem when he have only touch-over places you can't make a living format because there aren't too many about thirty man twenty till ten at five sixty wqm on a marginal Monday March thirty first we get the brand new month-to-morrow a lot of assholes are being doing an April first crap all guess what somebody died anyway balance for life is doing it for the beast he's lost in your sixty pounds on he slowed out a little bit because uh he was busy him and clearance went on a cruise together they were cruising the parking lot in fact just went moth came by and moth stopped reach in the car and said can that be felt that was the jacket that clearance was wearing he wanted to know what the material was he said can that be felt and anyway if you want to lose some weight like the beast is doing here's the answer for you balance for life I'm back on my little black sack I'll tell you that I had two uh what do they call him raps room and raps oh well I put a put on two yes always post of head one but I told those yesterday one for breakfast and one for like about a three o'clock met afternoon lunch dinner whatever was delicious no cooking no calorie counting no carbohydrate counting no shopping you don't even have to go to the supermarket and get frustrated no cleaning no worries just delicious food in your little black sack which they deliver to you every morning by six right to your door whether it work whether your home or we are and believe me everything is fresh and delicious when you present the fruit the strawberries that put in with the omelette's man just delicious even hungry boger will be impressed three gourmagne meals and two delicious snacks are in your little black sack and that's all your food for the entire day so it's not complicated all you have to do is pick between two alternatives for each meal every day that's run a program and balance for life does all the figuring out for you the weight pours off your body the food fresh and delicious nothing frozen no chemicals and like I said in no time at all you'll look even better than the beast so if you want to finally lose the weight and get your health back that's the most important part called balance for life nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine that's nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine or check them out of that wicked worldwide we have a feel like it balance for life dot com we are sports video five six you a m what's that in your mouth Miami has the dolphins they're the worst football team they flood the ball from gold to gold like no one's ever seen they're on the ground that's where they'll stay they're never in control and when you say Miami you're talking toilet over there the Miami dolphins Miami dolphins Miami dolphins number how many teams in the league thirty two Miami dolphins Miami dolphins don't bet on them you'll always lose they don't know how to tackle they don't know how to block their coaches on it tell them to put thing in their juke then they would run much faster and even in defeat when we go to the stadium we'll see Miami and there the Miami dolphins Miami dolphins number how many teams in the league thirty two Miami dolphins Miami dolphins that's seen that hasn't got a clue Miami has the dolphins but the dolphins have no fence just fifty thousand apples sitting in the stand there they watch the game and all they do is mowing gripe and bitch I wonder how joe Abbey got to be so goddamn rich and there the Miami dolphins Miami dolphins Miami dolphins number how many teams in the league ninety two Miami dolphins Miami dolphins I hear the crowd begin to boo I hear the crowd the dolphins have faith-feetler that quarter backs at you run down the field and he will grow up past over you I'll never win a super bowl you shouldn't be surprised when he gets cut that doesn't mean that he was circumcised and there the Miami dolphins Miami dolphins Miami dolphins number how many teams in the league ninety two Miami dolphins Miami dolphins take calls his signals and he brews the dolphins have no defense and their offenses at joe like George Bush eating pretzels you know they're gonna choke they'll always disappoint you when they're in a playoff race with fewer points than fuck marks on high zingers ugly face what are the Miami dolphins Miami dolphins Miami dolphins number how what the hell thirty two Miami dolphins Miami dolphins Miami dolphins now there oh well what an organization what he's saying many teams in league but thirty man dolphins want the logo off the QM billboard I still can't believe this I just can't edit Jones any freaking Jones a dottering old clown who's gonna be about a hundred and one yeah and he wants the you don't know for the logo off the week-odd balls billboard this is gonna be the only market in the world even in Baghdad they're not that I got a better sense of humor than this they're getting bomb a crap out of every morning noon and night round of clock and there's still got a chuckle once in a while you know like about Peter Arnickton can what would get to that look look look at the full look at this phone boys and girls like I said just put no wonder how it's sperm and fuel are you sure everybody else that's right let's go step along I'm not gonna do it never gonna happen on the show I can sit or talk to myself for four god damn hours every day good but what I tell you about that pull from the weekend the fact that uh I'm with the thing about the war protesters I'm one of them what we have about time I've turned man that was it in our vast listening audience out there out of about 1777 votes because the people on here they're brain dead most of them you got a bunch of old Julios that wrapped around a week ahead again uh be by judge bush all the other crap again I don't see him in vadean gucuba by the way I don't see him liberating Cuba from that evil tyrant Castro from that evil doer holding 90 miles from our shores and yet there they were reminds me of it's just like when the Pope visited the Cuba same thing all of a sudden they all got locked jaw he was sitting up there on the same stage with that lovely outfit his on the Pope's against this war didn't you love the way the fedell said snappy dresser by the way I like your horn Pablo that's what he said but a disgrace and everybody in town just dummyed up anybody else goes there and talks to fiddell come on east out come on east out about a bollo offer this head but all of a sudden they were like uh in a catch 22 there between Iraq and a hard place same old stuff in his time and it suffers from neurotic repetition to pull we got 146 votes what's the which of these best describes how floater but at a republic 42 excellent good choice especially after this weekend land a son in fund 21 intellectual wasteland 21 outdoor funeral proud of 17 oh that's my vote land of cooks and schnooks 15 haven for rubber rafters 13 maggot magnet 12 and paradise only five how do you like that only five more for paradise Egyptian president has name of bark war in today that a drawn-out war in Iraq will lead to an increase in Islamic militancy throughout the world if there is one Osama bin Laden now there will be a hundred bin Laden's afterward mabarak said refer to the al-Qaeda terror network during the speech of armecumanders in the city of Suez 80 miles east of Cairo there's one Osama i'm mama now thanks to this there'll be a hundred and i'm sure a lot of people seem that full page ad that's appeared newspapers the picture of Osama pointing and sent thank you George W for this war for invading Iraq falling right into our trap this is exactly what we wanted and we had the first of what i'm afraid are going to be many many many suicide bombings killing four soldiers over the weekend first of many many they promised they claimed that they've imported 4,000 schmatans to do the same kind of duty right and i hope no doubt the of this particular suicide could have been Saudi Arabian could it was Egyptian oh Egyptian Saudis Egyptian right there you go because what were the other hijackers that weren't Saudi that's him he breslam calm you're something i should just sit here we'd that over and over again his body is it was hey just i mean what are you people thinking about what what is there to think about what's on tonight that's what they're thinking about what's on tonight what's on tv what is on tv tonight good question war coverage well we expected you were everybody was focused on their jobs there's a wounded marine and that's another thing especially MSNBC these puff pieces you know with their with their bulletin board there with all the photos and the wives and the families and the children i mean this is news coverage this is not news coverage and then so called news coverage now over the last few days has gotten so what nothing bad happens even when allies get killed it's just we just gloss over that like the helicopter crashed yesterday right let me say it again there isn't one person man woman or child baby little child who's died in the last 10 or 11 days how long has in sands been going on almost two weeks it'll be two weeks wins day now one of those people who died or was maimed or badly injured who would have had that happen them if it weren't for this illegal invasion of insanity by the third of the fourth life and they got this poll says this in zombie comes on and tells you that poll says this at CBS news did a poll i don't think it can take the poll make in stick it is what they can do stick it where the mundo's trying because the masses are asses and the polls in Canada and Britain now they're now that the war started you see now that shift in real wild because we all see again you it requires too much of an intellectual effort on the part of the individual to separate in his mind the difference between supporting the troops and hoping they're all safe and come back in one piece the difference between that and supporting this illegal so-called war in the people who are perpetrating it can't do it even one of the analyst one of the 80 million talking and analyst on MSNBC what do we consider right now that that thing about supporting the war 73% that's really supporting our troops there's no in the minds of the public they don't differentiate that right how can you support the troops and the war the war is killing the troops and in numbers i'm afraid much larger than we're getting more propaganda just like we had no there's a delay a little they're like on seven month delay here's a call from Davy hello hello Neil yes sir how are you today okay good good i think the i just wanted to comment on the peter our net then yeah you know it's kind of funny of the general analyst that are you know the general has been general analyst that are on the networks are often critical they're often saying how public opinion is turning because of this there's a lot of news but peter our net get interviewed by the Iraqis and obviously he's sucking up he likes to stay in their country and not get his head chopped off he says it's you think basically that public opinion in the United States is turning as the war moved slowly and NBC acts as a c-gave away nuclear secrets right i don't understand you could have taken snippets from the press conferences held at said com or at the pentagon and you could have taken questions asked for statements made in the form of questions by reporters and they were saying exactly what peter our net was saying right so instead of taking an acting like oh well peter was probably just saying this because he was an awkward position people are making statements especially on the i have to be careful high for now to the fox network uh the super right oh yeah alien across latin and another one of our soft florida in bearish macie goes on a fox news channel and says he found the interview nauseating and accused our net of counter-towing to what clearly is the enemy by doing this could we take in the truth could we on your show especially on your show spell the fox network with the you instead of an oh you can spell it that way you just can't say it we could say it you know you could have to say it no five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line what was even a point of that huh to be funny i see i guess i must have missed something here's homestead hello hello yes sir yeah how are you doing Neil okay i'll read to listen you as i know you've done here for quite a while i just recently gotten to listen to your show and i love them and i agree with you 110% is amazing what's going on with with uh so many people in this country and i's funny because you know you listen to the to the media whatever and they have you think that all of the polls support the war 70% of America supports the war i think it's just the opposite i think maybe 60% of the actual population has you know reservations at least about this about why we're there you know and it's funny that you talk about the Miami being an intellectual waist and it's so true you got protests in the europe protest and savages of school thousands of thousand of people coming out you know maybe 10 people down here come up with protests that's right and and we had thousands and thousands of old holios over the weekend again out there a viva bush and uh viva the troops and let's kick some ass whatever it hardly we're doing you know the same old tyrant crap this time will never ever change it it's so sad because you know the school should make a metropolitan area and it's right you know so let me just tell you something this is a big i said it many years ago and i'll say it again just a big hick town but a lot of people that's all hick town and and i knew i want to thank you for for keeping up the the you know at least a liberal point of view things because if you select how we're stern but if he's going on on and on like that about shut up about the war i'm not even all listen to him anymore there you go okay have a great day pal thanks see you pali i don't i just don't understand how i mean he's entitled was a opinion maybe he really believes that but shut up about the war what what is that people have a right uh i'm not that's right i forgot people used to have a right to have an opinion one where the other i'll say it again i said but that you mean brism colom is right i still believe that if you support the war in any way i think that you got blood on your hands to get out the ivory get out the coast start washing and scrubbing get out the age act the comic cleanser and you're still gonna have blood on your hands because all of this blood should all of this insanity that's going on and we're supposed to be proud of this singly the incision oh here's another explosion and back every time i turn on the TV here's another explosion and bagged that wow what a shock aren't you surprised and our explosion shocked and odd yeah and i bagged that market you know we we're pretty sure that it was one of their uh surface their missiles that came back at him you know and let's just have a one thing yeah yeah that's where they should have been shooting those up in the years just look way to be what goes up musk right down because we just thought we'd go in there everybody to lay here's the flower is here some candy and let us shake your hand and kiss your boots and they'll thank you for see this is called liberation by elimination right maybe this is a new clip a new concept liberation by elimination we're gonna kill a lot of you and then we can free you we're free them from life 958 at 560 wqm hey listen let me ask you a quote actually a question you have $2,000 more on a credit card if you do listen to this debit kid to consumer counseling will help you it'll cost you nothing that's right it'll cost you zippo debricated is a nonprofit company the contact the companies you will money to and they'll cut your payments in half call 1-800-4-no debt that's 1-800 number 4-and-letters n-o-d-e-b-t and debricated will help you cut your interest rate eliminate late fees and save your credit will cost you nothing the bank pays debricated you pays zero so if you're tired of battling credit card debt call debricated toll-free 1-800-4-no debt call and find out how debricated can help you got nothing lose if you've had it with credit card debt high interest rates and late fees call debricated consumer counseling and they'll be handling it for you from there call right now 1-800-4-no debt and don't forget it costs you nothing can i do a link link let me ask you something Bob what's your wife looking for uh bob dolls has body of me every time she makes a speech he's staring up with this guy yeah let me take something but i wrecked i ordered seven and nine bomb emissions in Iraq back in 98 but your people put a stop to it desert rock's ring a bell and bob dolls says you got a blow job you're fault all your fault your people fixated with my penis and still are you're a grand slut at least i don't need any help from my penis and bob doll could always use a hand Bob those girders socks you're wearing lie you want a date you're not my type man Bob can you do this oh bob dolls has no oh you this really fast look i'm making jatt of puppets not even in the same room still man i know can't see me all the same the main communist yeah i'm done you got my check 10-0-2560 anyway so clearance uh it was just in moments ago and something I didn't realize a little beaner boy informed me the clearance has become a book at home whatever that i don't know what that means it means he picked your nose a lot oh five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T this uh this is just uh working anything here today oh whatever sounds all screw up and you know something we don't care there's bring us the checks clearance okay we care about as much as you do which is not too much but you keep studying those sheets you know in a demographic so the numbers how's the morning shoot on two doing two hundred nine votes on the pool which of these best describes how florida to you but and it republic 67 intellectual wasteland 29 they must be people of listen to the show before land a sun in fun twenty seven land of crooks in schnooks twenty four haven for rubber rafters twenty outdoor funeral parlor nineteen oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh there's home with you lucky um maggot magnet sixteen and paradise has only got seven here's a call from kindle hello yes sir thank god for your show thank god for me yeah that by the way that for uh clinton and gore bit was pretty funny it was okay i have you read in michael man's book in uh uh uh uh uh like a word they got a whole section on about about clinton how he was he said he's one of the best republican right this uh i talked about that last week if i'm gonna read some of that on the air about clinton is almost as bad as bushers it's scary with all this military force they're putting everywhere asking for another hundred twenty thousand to go over there at their suppression the freedom of speech down here i mean isn't that what this you know country supposed to be about no you for that that's ancient history i agree with this guy who called your show little i'm going to say you got to keep it up because you're the only outlet we got down here everyone else is goose step in life and and yet i said here in beg for calls every day's a same old crap i don't know is you think that the i mean if they're really our twenty nine or thirty percent who are uh very strong you're opposed to this war what's going on you know we're smart enough to understand what it's really all about where the hell are they a couple weekends ago i was with that protest that was on uh they say but you thank you but it's it was a poetry turnout it was sad and the people who drove by just the anger and screaming and freaking off we got a lot of support but you also had a lot of people just looking if you've flipping the birds screaming it's time to bomb a rock and yeah here you go man hateful it's just it's a hateful town and you got it now you're starting to slip the panzy keep it up pal love you real okay let him have it there's a guy he's got some balls unlike the dolphins in a guy named huracoans there's a guy with balls he was out there protesting and you can flip him off and hank your horn and give him dirty looks he don't care okay because he's tired of the murder and bloodshed that's exactly what it is it's murder it's human sacrifice that's what you're witnessing okay all these pictures on a bulletin morto all these younger these fine young people and keep in mind again this is not a draft anywhere this is all volunteer a military we have now these people volunteered to defend this country the only problem being that they're not being used now to defend us against anything that's the problem and NBC and MSNBC terminate peterar net just as the call was said before they've terminated the relationship with peterar net after the journalist told staterunner wacky tv that the u.s. codenicians initial war plan had failed and that reports from bag that about civilian casualties had helped and i wore protestors undermined the bush administration strategy it was wrong for mr. Arnith to win interview to stay controlled Iraqi tv especially the time of war and it was wrong for him to discuss his personal observations and opinions in that interview and vc news president niel shapiro said in the statement therefore peterar net will no longer be reporting for NBC news and MSNBC are net who won a pure let's say a prize for reporting in vietnam for the ap appeared on NBC's today show this one to apologize for his statements which i saw they showed a clip and was unfortunate and pathetic represented if alien aggros rosanna danna latent republican afloridus at on fox news channel that she found the interview nauseated and accused our net of cow toe into what clearly is the enemy in this way and we see initially back the interview his impractive interview with Iraqi tv was done as a professional courtesy and was similar to other interviews he's dealt with media let's from around the world and bc news spokesman elison gallouz said his remarks were analytical in nature were not intended to be in t more his outstanding reporting on the worst speaks for itself but then of course the heat came down that's right and we didn't have the heat games on this station but the heat came down they want their logo off the billboard too how do you like that Greg the heat one the heat has no balls that's why the loser we got then game how do you win a basketball game if you have no balls huh just ask Michigan state tell tell you oh sorry robin cook member he resigned from parliament yes what a three or four i don't know whether was three or four and that's not the point the point is he wrote a great column and the Sunday mirror yesterday which i'm gonna read momentarily let's send rungs valden is hox to war instead he says which i think is a great idea all the chicken hox all these draft adgers all these people look at like disappeared went off i like the president we save that list by the way yeah of all these people in who and what and how they served yeah how they didn't serve right okay to send our young people off there to get butchered and then we have the article also but the member agent orange and all these other uh uh go for syndrome all these other things and of course now you watch the fires and you watch the bombing and you watch the oil right the plumes the plumes of oil that they're bringing in the trenches around the city of Baghdad and there are five million people in that city and you then ask yourself what kind of air are these people breathing what kind of toxic fumes are these people breathing they already are talking about all the pith that children especially they're breathing the air for the bombing asthma people are going to die a wicked it reminds me of what happened at 9 11 right in New York in Manhattan with people inhaling and of course you know this we don't hear too much about that anymore because that would require probably helping those people out financially with their with their physical problems the people that don't die in Baghdad they'll be dancing in this just like we're not helping out and was it yesterday or today that we have the story about the military let's at least pay them let's take care of the military was that yesterday or today one of our bedtime stories on the aradju's that come today yeah let's uh take care of the military are we doing that no no we're just using them as props on the television no we're just using them as props as human interest stories but in a meantime we don't want to take care of them we don't want to pay them we don't want to make sure that they get their disability benefits pathetic oh but 70% of the public is as you're wrong you I don't give a crap 70% 80% of the public eats it McDonald's okay they crap their crap experts give me a solid answer about the american public because their middle name is crap here's a call for my email how come when the polls are in favor of something you're in favor for the polls are always correct who said that you do I do hold on oh this is a full of a lot of different pool guy I never said to have always said pulls are full of crap haven't I always said that except for ours which are asked ever ours which are scientific and a hundred percent every day you jackass and again there's a good response there's a real good intellectual response that what I'm talking about I don't doubt that the people are responding that way I don't have no doubts I'm just got too saying because the majority feel a certain way of reading McDonald's doesn't mean that I have to believe that or that they're right okay I mean once upon a time a hundred percent of the people on the face of the earth thought the earth was flat yeah did that make them right and by the way to church you just got around apologizing and the author of organolio thought that slavery was just fine yeah trouble maker sorry for lauderdale hello hey Neal are you okay sir I agree with you 115 percent I mean here is I'm Cuban and I'm a Democrat and I mean it's the work I'm against the war so of course I'm a communist all right is the baby communist that boogatron not a carine here's the part that I did not that I think is just wonderful all these reservists when they are called up to active duty they have to leave their job obviously and they get their pay from the military which is peanuts compared to what they make on a regular job and the government does not make up the difference so their families left behind we have to have to make their mortgage payment but our president our wonderful George Bush wants to have tax cuts for the top one percent during a time of war and also wants to cut veterans benefits not to mention he's done an in any legislation in place to try to help these these reservists that are now being called up back to duty yes correct again you know just a republic in regime continues to pull the world over the eyes of these people I'm embarrassed to say my father is a hard bush bush he's the best things in flight ready found there celebrating or whatever the holiday did this weekend during the time of war it's just unbelievable and at least we've got you the not let them out I know that you don't care too much for Randy Rhodes but at least he's up here in Palm Beach County at least you know getting the word out for whoever is listening and it's just a pathetic it's absolutely pathetic and just keep up their good work okay it's nice tell daddy give back kind of an anobot get lost lost pops robin cook writes in the Sunday you came mirror let's send rumstold in the socks to war instead he said this was meant to be a quick easy war he by the way was the former leader of the UK House of Commons who resigned over the reconvasion he says this was meant to be a quick easy war shortly before we signed a cabinet colleague told me not to worry about the political fallout this war would be finished long before pulling day for the may local elections he said I just hope those who expected a quick victory are proved right I've already had my fill of this bloody unnecessary war I want our troops home and I want them home before more than our killed says robin cook on can I interrupt myself you know who was great last night was Andy Rooney that did you see Andy Rooney last night the best oh I should have taped it that was sensational really finally oh he ought to get a sitting ovation but anyway robin cook says it's okay for bush to say the world will go on for as long as it takes he's sitting pretty in the comfort of can't David protected by scores of security men to keep him safe it is easy to show your resolution when you're not one of the poor guy stuck in a stand to impairing around for snipers this week British forces have shown bravery under attack and determination and atrocious weather conditions there are two disciplines to say it but they must have asked each other how British forces ended up exposed by the mistakes of US politicians we were told the Iraqi army would be so joyful to be attacked that it would not fight a close colleague of US defense secretary Donald rumbsfield predicted the march to Baghdad would be a cakewalk we were told Sodom's troops would surrender a few days before the war vice president Dick Cheney predicted that the Republican guard would lay down their weapons we were told a local population would welcome their invaders as liberators called wolf awards number two of the Pentagon promised that our tanks would be greeted with an explosion of joy and relief personally I would like to volunteer rummisfail Cheney and wolf wets to be embedded alongside the journalist to with the forward units that would give them a chance to hear what the troops fighting for every bridge over the U.S. think about their promises the top US general William Wallace is let the cat out of the bag the enemy we're fighting is different from the one we'd war game he said war is not some kind of harmless arcade game nobody should start a war on the assumption that the enemy is army will cooperate but that's exactly what president pushes done and now his marines have reached the outscores of Baghdad he doesn't seem to know what to do next it wasn't meant to be like this by the time we got to Baghdad Sodom was supposed to have crumpled a few days before our resigned I was assured that Sodom would be overthrown by his associates to save their own skins but they would do it only at five minutes past midnight it's now long past that time and Sodom is still there the compensating yesterday we blew up a statue of Sodom in Vazra a statue it's not the statue that terrifies local people but the man himself and they know that Sodom is still in control in Baghdad having marched us up this call the sack Donald rumbsfeld is now come up with a new tactic instead of going into Baghdad we should sit and sit down outside until Sodom surrenders this is no more brutal form of warfare than a siege people go hungry the water and power to provide the sinews of a city snap and children die you can catch a glimpse of what would happen in Baghdad under siege by looking at Bazaar its residents have endured several days of summer heat without water and desperation they've been drinking water from the river into which the sewage empties those conditions are ripe for cholera last week President Bush promised that Iraqis will see the great compassion of the U.S. they certainly don't see it now they don't see it in Baghdad but they see as women and children killed when missiles fall on marketplaces they don't see it in Bazaar what they see as the suffering of their families with no water precious little food and no power to cook there will be a long-term legacy for hatred for the west of the Iraqi people continue to suffer from the effects of the war we started Washington got a wrong over with let me try to again Washington got a wrong over the east with which the work could be one Washington could be just as wrong about the difficulty of running Iraq when the fighting stops already there were real differences between Britain and America over how to run post war Iraq the dispute over the management of the port of home costers a good example British officers sensibly took the view that the best and most popular solution would be to find local Iraqis who knew how to do it instead the US have appointed an American company to take over the Iraqi asset and guess what Steve and our services of America who got the contract have a chairman known for his donations to the Republican Party the argument between blur and bush over whether the U.N. will be in charge of the reconstructive Iraq is about more than international legitimacy it's about whether the Iraqi people can have confidence that the country's being run for the benefit of themselves or for the benefit of the U.S. yesterday there was a sad and moving ceremony is the bodies of our brave soldiers who brought back to Britain the ministry of defense announced that they were to be buried in Britain out of consideration for their families we must do all we can to ease the grief of those who lost a husband or son cut down in their prime yet I can't help asking myself if there was no better way to show consideration for their families a better way could have been not to start a war which was never necessary and is turning out to be badly planned where it's Robin Cook the former leader of the U.K. House of Commons who quit over the war must be a coming 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line let me tell you about something that really is good for you and that's only a mid. All you made is a fantastic it really works all you made soft gels contain pharmaceutical great olive oil it's not just plain ordinary olive oil but super concentrated in order with health benefits all you made a week and up reduce the risk of heart disease in high cholesterol plus there are 14 different oleomate formulas to choose from each one combines pharmaceutical great of all olive oil with vitamins and herbs to support specific needs from your bones to your blood pressure to your immune system just pick out the formulas that are right for you and what you need and now there are three new oleomate formulas one to help you sleep on how you control your weight and cook you ten you'll find oleomate public's records wall greens whole food markets and a virus in sedan resort to it online if you like it all you made America dot com for more information call on toll free one eight six six oleomate that's one eight six six six six five three sixty six thirty three get your oleomate didn't start pop it in your post for better health my and local we're sports video five sixty two weeks you a yeah don't like all the heart burn don't don't don't every time I see myself I K89 repous is getting me I don't For I Play one that voice through to What are you gonna vote Come on Can't get too many Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh-oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh-oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, no we're not a great leader here. with prayers and depth stuff... Gesp ictor of holy none! So we can't talk about your ponytail. 10-22 Jeff Cohen won't leave until we mention a world famous pizza loft, in fact there's still banner planes over Baghdad in case the sun wants some delivery. And here I would like to give him a delivery envelope. Okay, nice seeing you have a great life. You look too skinny, you look at an arrested kill loss too much weight. Say hi to Todd Reckon to back while before you leave. Give him one of those two for me. Speaking of the Jimmy Burstland column about washing your hands, I got to wash my hands too, you want to know why my right hand because when Todd Reckon came in here, kind of like a knee jerk reaction, he extended his hand. Yeah, I reached out my hand and he shook my hand. Todd Reckon hasn't hands, I'm going to be scrubbing it lightly. And the hand too. Todd Reckon the anxious one was in here. Here's a lady in Kielargo, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, I am. Yes, I am. You have talked a little bit about the air that people would breathe with. They were in Iraq and at 9-11. Yeah. I go that I work with her sister, skate 9-11. She has brain cancer, long, west, cervical cancer now. Wow. And this is what we're looking at. And this is what's going to happen to the people and the guys that are coming back in Iraq and it's always a start for the people who survived mental illness. You're right. It's that commentary. But I love you. I'm looking at your show. Thank you so much. Thanks. Bye bye. Five, six, seven. I don't want to be the voice of doing glue. But there are a lot of grotesque, ancillary things that happen out of this. It's not like, you know, it's going to be very antiseptic. And we're dropping these precision bombs and we're already hitting Saddam's headquarters. And we hit his sons of palace today. And you know, like it's all happening and some kind of an antiseptic atmosphere. Like I'm in the midst of an oxygen tank. You know, we're surgically doing this and surgically doing it. And it means times surgically a lot of people die in two and having their lives in their health destroyed. You're going to go starting wars, Mr. You better have some goddamn good reason as opposed to you think maybe someday, somebody might be a threat. Might somebody someday might do this and they might do that. And every single day, if you watch the CBC and the BBC, they have documentaries on again. In fact, well, where the hell was it? Yes, it is. So somewhere. Certainly not on the regular networks on the propaganda networks. About the whole history of Saddam who's seen and how he got into power in the first place and about how he was Reagan's boy. He was Reagan's man over there. His man and I rack the anti, uh, I told him man. That's correct. And after they gasped the Kurds and all the southern book, of course, the Iranians were gasped them and they were gasping them back. So there was a lot of gas going around, but Ronnie forgets what it was all about. He forgot what it smelled like, too. And we didn't say, God, then, say, we didn't care. We couldn't have given a crap less. And rumskills over there. They showed the pictures again over there. Rumskills shaken his hand in 83 or 84. What I mean, how it was. Having a real cordial meeting in Halle Burton's, uh, right in big contracts with the rack in 1998, five years ago, five years ago, with a butcher, a bag that that we're so indignant about now, I'm represented such a great threat to our security. And her schmucks out there millions of who believe this will crap. That's something that's frustrating to me. You have to be a moron to believe this crap that he represented any kind of threat to the Brits or the American public. You have to be a M. Oh, R. Oh, and well said, Mo. And what are the first two letters of moron? No. Here's Evan Chura. Hello. Evan Chura. Oh, yes, Mr. Rajas. You are the only sane voice in this sea of stupidity. But really what you say. But really what what really the funniest thing that I want the rich retarded of that operation, Iraqi freedom from the same token Hitler could have called the invasion of Poland, you know, illegal war in Poland. Operation for it. That's where the stunning could have called the invasion of Finland of operation, Finnish freedom. Right. Isn't it your finish? I wonder which which moron thought that up. Now if if people support a war, they they they they support the troops have you said, but nobody talks about money. Now so he has for 75 billion. But no, that's just where start. That's for when it's. That's for start. Nobody think about it. One bunker poster divided 18 million dollars each explosion they see on TV likes of the sky. There goes $2 million of the tax $2 million to 15 million dollars at the price money. And this moron is a cheer to that. I really are used to think that he's a moron, but no a moron would have done better. I mean 75 billion dollars could have paid for universal Medicare for many years to come. This is only industrial country in a world where 15 million people in America have no medical insurance. So they go when they get sick either they put up with it and die or go to the hospital lose their house. How about the 16 billion dollars that we offered the Turks for blackmail which they turned out by the way, how about the 16 billion that we're heading out like candy. You see, let me just say this to you sir, if it's me if I'm in that position, I tell you his railies the $3 billion that we give to you in 48 every year. We're not going to give you another penny until you dispend every one of those illegal settlements. We sit down again and have some real talks about a Palestinian state and cut all of this crap with alienating. Here we got them air about in the face of the earth. And that's the way you begin to put an end to terrorism. Yeah, right and the thing is that what you expect from a war criminal who was elected Prime Minister there. And I don't know anyway. I still think that Bush has got naked pictures because Blair is too smart of a man. How he got snuck in this because he had a problem with the arrest. He's expecting to get $160 billion dollars. I don't know because the the the the a monivized England is not very well. But you know what really the most ironic thing about it that people on pensions they don't buy their medication because simply the real crooks are the the drug companies. Yeah, either by the medication for the month of pension or eat for it. And we are giving of a $16 billion to bribe a country to let our troops go in that and then the foreign nation. Now the said I'm who sent you that been killed ten years ago is a bastard. But start a war is absolutely ridiculous. I mean we became the evil empire throughout the world. You know they look at it the evil empire. And there is another little thing I want to mention. You know that special forces sergeant who killed his comrades by throwing hand grenades. Yes, some Muslim. Well, I still say that I'm real glad that we still don't have a Negro in my country. Yeah. 567. 560. Well, I mean I can't. No, I'm going to let it go. No, but I do understand what you're saying. 560. 0560. How many they got? About 30 man. Con 560 on the AT&T and for rise in marvelous line. Here's a call from plantation. Hello. Yeah, hello Neil. Yes, sir. I think probably the main reason we attacked the rack last time was to take a rack you oil off the market. A rack has the asweetest and highest quality crude in the world. And if you take that much supply off the market without decreasing demand, that puts upward pressure on oil prices to the benefit of the market. Oh, 30 cents by the way, today $30.55 a barrel I just saw I mentioned it. Yeah, absolutely. And in 1972 the Bob party was targeted by the CIA when a rack on ash lies the British American petroleum company, Washington didn't place the rack on a list of countries that support tourism. And of course, there's a whole thing this time around the reason we're going to capture it occupied the Persian Gulf oil fields, so that Washington can achieve best geo strategic power and role domination to the 21st century. That is correct. Because the Europeans are heavily dependent on mid-East oil. The Japanese that way will be able to control them. And also Washington knows that in about 30 years we're going to be running out of oil. And most of the oil that's produced today was discovered before 1972. Before then, when we did wildcat drilling foil about 90% of the wells would come up dry. But now we have satellite imaging technology that can discover oil miles underneath the ground. So now when we drill 90% of the time we discover oil and that's what Washington knows. Washington knows there isn't going to be any great discoveries that knew discoveries of oil in the world. And that's why they're in the Middle East to keep that oil all to themselves. And the main-tain world domination over the rest of the planet. But also most of the world's proven reserves, of course, are in the Persian Gulf. Saudi Arabia has 25% of the world's proven reserves. Most of that is in the Northeast corner of the peninsula by the Persian Gulf. And of course Iraq is second in petroleum reserves. And they're just north of the Persian Gulf. And so for years into the future whoever controls gall-boil will have the potential to dominate in rural the world. But if you go back in 1958, a popular revolution in Iraq over through the Hashemite who were puppet rulers serving British oil interest, the new government helped a formal pact to resist Western control over the Iraqi oil. So the CIA backed a coup that overthrew the government and murdered thousands of their supporters. And one of the members of the coup that the CIA backed up contains Saddam Hussein. And that was Washington's first aggression against Iraq. But also in the 1970s, when the oil producing nations began nationalizing their oil resources and gained a greater share of revenue from Western oil companies, a title wave of Arab nationalism spread all throughout the Middle East. And that's when Washington got concerned and they first started making a war plans to occupy the Persian Gulf. But it was really when the Soviet Union began disintegrating that Washington felt bold enough to provoke and trick who's saying into invading Kuwait in order to justify a US attack. I think the CIA did this by giving a slant ruling technology to Kuwait. So they could still Iraq soil. Then of course, Ambassador April Blastby told who saying that Washington would not oppose him. That's correct. We give them the wink in the nod. And I think one of the reasons why we concocted this war against terrorism was to justify a huge military budget after the fall of communism. I think Washington was afraid that we were going to start clamoring for our peace dividend. And that was a threat to the military's budget. So now George Bush has got a military budget that almost makes Ronald Reagan look like a pacifist. But another reason I think we're attacking Iraq and now of course has distracted tension from the weakness of the domestic economy. Markets down 165 points. And as day down 28, I just mentioned that in passing. Thanks a lot, my friend. Yeah, that's right. We can't defy the counties anymore because the outside of China and Cuba and Peter are not how many companies are left in the world. About 30, man. 310 votes on a poll. Which of these best describes South Florida? Banana Republic 105. Electrical wasteland 47. Land of cooks and snooks 37. Land of son fund 35. Outdoor funeral parlor 29. Home for the rubber rafters 35. Magget Mag the 22 and paradise paradise is only God. Yeah, I vote. I think like that. I thought we'll have a lot more than that. 30 man 26 till 11 at 560 WQ. Marlon Hobel. But today any interest. So they're spending crowd of 33,000. Beenerable over there. Free tickets, free parking pass. I wonder how many Phoebe's they're having there today? Maybe 30,000. Maybe a pin, a banner. You know they got that maraka up there. I should fetch it for you. The one on top of the console there. The Marlon's Maraka. We have a Marlon's Maraka. Gemin, how can you show your spirit without one? All right. Oh, nice. One thing the Marlon's got more balls than the dolphins and the herkuns. And that one has hair on it. The Marlon's and the Panthers have balls. The dolphins and herkuns are old smoothies. That's all I'm here to tell you. Any Jones shame on you. Shame on you. Silly old koot. And by the way, I was talking to Mo and a hallway about that whole situation this morning. He had a message for Eddie Jones. Take off those checkered pants. Yeah. People are starting to talk at he. You look like a silly old goat just like Mo. Take off those checkered pants. 25. 25. So you don't know what I'm talking about because you always see him on the sideline. Any Jones from the dolphin organization pacing up and down the sidelines with his hands behind his back with that worried look on his wrinkled post. Eddie, everybody in town is starting to talk man. Take off those checkered pants. I wonder he don't have no balls. Hey, all you homeowners out there. There are a few things in the world worse especially on a nice warm day like it's going to be today. Then go on to backyard for refreshing swim. You look into the pool. If you see what of what is this crap? What happened here? It's stained. It's dirty. It might be cracking in the pool, too. Well, don't look at that mess anymore. Just say no Mo ugly pool and call our good close personal friends at Atlantic Marseille. These guys aren't just pool guys who drive around a little beat up pickup truck with a cleaning service. These are a real construction company. These be. That's right. They use full-time employees, not subcontractors. Atlantic Marseille specializes in the most equitable innovation at the pool business. Diamond Bright. Atlantic Marseille's been pouring it on for 12 years. Their license, their ensured professionals. They even train other companies internationally how to do diamond writing right. And they'll give you here's the best part of the deal. They'll give you the same great price to give the contractors. So what's not to like? They're in North Miami, Browdon, Palm Beach, Call Atlantic Marseille. They're the biggest installers at Diamond Bright anywhere in South Florida. They'll come right to you, give you a free estimate. And they also perform pool and deck renovations custom lighting pool heating and exotic water features, too. For the very best call at Atlantic Marseille, tool free 1-800-558-8883. That's 1-800-558-8883. Diamond Bright to it right because Diamond Bright be a pool's best friend. And look all! This is 4-20-558-2100. 2-00, yeah. The great is funny. No start-ups hiding. A lot more than goes. Huh? They say their weapons. A vast destruction. I say we say they're a couple megatons. Bomb in a rock. They're the goldfish. They're getting more of the hope. I think it's time to give us a bottle of rock. So it's time to know those people's up all their eyes. All their eyes until there's nothing left to see. All their eyes. So Saturday six feet deep, go all their eyes. Blow up the bridge, go all their mouths. Huh? When they say, it's gotten some applause at chemicals demi about how big God's. If we live in the prayer, we're gonna be wet. Because some of those sounds won't be good. Amen. Bring it to an end. Amen. Glory up again. Amen. Glory up again. Glory up again. Glory up again. Glory up again. Glory up again. Can't believe why. I came before I've been at five, sixty, the bombs are bursting in air, baby. You can smell them. Read the soldiers' slands, Cowboy US pilot over fatal friendly fire. A British soldier who survived a fatal friendly fire in St. Longstays, skating attack on the west pilot responsible for killing his camera. He, the pilot, had absolutely no regard for human life. I believe he was a cowboy. He just went out on a jolly landscorple, Stephen Gerard told the times of London regarding the incident in Friday. Gerard 33 spoke to one of the papers reported from his bed aboard the British hospital ship, Argus and the Gulf. A British soldier was killed and for others were injured Friday in a friendly fire incident in southern Iraq. The fifth such casually since the war began. He was killed after an American aton tankbuster plane guarded two R.R. targeted two armored vehicles near Iraq's second largest city of Bosra. You've got an aton with advanced technology, and he can't use a thermal site to identify whether a tank is friend or foe. It's ridiculous to our side. Combat is what I've been trained for. I can command my vehicle. I can keep it from being attacked. But I've not been trained to do his look over my shoulder to see whether an American is shooting at me. He added, I'm curious about what's going to happen to the pilot he killed one of my friends. Gerard also criticized the pilot for shooting when there were civilians so close to the tanks. There was a boy of about 12 years old. He was no more than 20 yards away when the yank opened up. There were all these civilians around. Three of the injured British soldiers, including Gerard, were flown home to Britain late Sunday after being treated for a sharp nail wounds and burns, a four-term aid in the hospital ships intensive curian according to the times. After this, I'm quite pleased to be going home. The wounded Lieutenant Alice McEwen told the paper, Blue on Blue has always been one of my biggest fears that something that my friends and family joked about. Don't worry about the Iraqis. It's the Americans you want to watch. They said the proof is in the pudding really. The fatal incident brought to five. The number of British soldiers who have been killed by friendly fire since the West Lord War and Iraq began March 20. Don't worry about the Iraqi so much. Watch out for those crazy yanks. It's what they're saying. Marlons game today, baby. And it's the right time for things to tell us. Three 40 is the Marlons on deck not 330. Okay. See we thought it wouldn't be like 40 minutes after. They are with all of the like, but 30 minutes after, but it comes about 340. As if anybody really cares, parents nobody cares. Nobody gives a crap what time your pregame show was on. Understand you, you know, it would have been nice to get to thing right last week, even though he wasn't here. Where was he? Or he was healing up from the beast from his encounter. No, seriously, I heard he was intensive care. He had like 82 stitches in his spectrum, but nevertheless. Marlons and the fillets at four o'clock this afternoon, the home opener, it's going to be a happenin. Nobody cares. Nobody's there be much of people there, most of them free like Carlos. They'll be there free. Seven o'clock, we got the big wonderful guy who hasn't got any idea what he's talking about. Any kid 10 and Joe Mark overnight. That's the agenda for you, baby. We got our own agenda here at QAM. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing? I'm good, okay. I'm asking you if you question sir and I'm interested in your answer. Do you think that, you know, obviously the world is better, not just America, but the world is better, it's that I'm who's saying is obviously not in power, correct? Well, if this is going to be some kind of like a cat and mouse interrogation. No, no, no, no, no, no. I'm not playing along. No, no, no, no, no, no. I'm not playing along. I'm just saying that these things is sir, let me respond. Let me respond. The world would be a better place without Fidel Castro, without the son of Hussein, without Osama Yamama, without George W. Bush and a lot of other people. Yes? Okay. And do you think it's not fair to the truth that people be a patriotic, like yourself and everyone, you know, against the... Sir, sir, let me say this to you. Okay. The most patriotic people are the people who love their country and care enough about it to speak out to assholes like you, okay? People being unpatriotic as if the troops are with their sitting listening to me right now, which they're not. What a jackass. If you're so concerned about the troops and how they feel, I wanted you to address your remarks on behalf of those people have already died and the ones who've named how about the two Marines who stepped on the landbines, one of them lost both legs and the other one of foot. I wanted you to address your comments to them and see how they feel. War is insanity to begin with, but when you're fighting a war that's a necessary war to defend yourself, that's a horse of a different color. We're not defending ourselves against anything and far from defending ourselves against terrorism as early article has said, what we're doing as a Hasn'tima Bar said in Egypt this morning, what we're doing is encouraging and inciting more terrorism. Like the four kids who have an early, you don't care about who got blown up Saturday by the suicide bomber in Iraq. People like you that got a big mouth that used a lot of flory. Oh patriotism and patriotic bull crap. He was jackass. He wasn't calling from Kuwait or Iraq. He's an idiot. He's another one of them. Another one of the masses. Just dummy up. You're being on patriotic. You're hurting the cause. Just like that idiotic letter of the, I saved it. Those three letters to the Harold on Friday. By Alan and Coral Gables. It is the duty and obligation of every American to support our troops on the field of battle. There should be laws enacted of this effect. If we allow our freedom of expression during a war, it will result in the debts of any good Americans in our allies. What, what does that mean? Just another excuse like all these other bush liqueurs out there. Just another excuse to curtail another freedom. What the hell's the sense of fighting when you don't have any freedoms left? What are we fighting for? To defend what America used to be, is that what it is? You idiots? There should be laws and I, let's have laws. Let's have the thought police. If you start thinking on patriotic, if you start thinking at the administration did something wrong, they're going to come and get your ass around you up. Would the world be a better place without all these dictators and the bad people? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And it seems to me for all the billions of dollars in all the bloodshed that we're going to spend, including a lot of it, of the lives of the people who are supposed to be liberating, liberation by elimination. For a fraction of this cost, if we had any common sense, any intelligence, we'd have been able to eliminate side of anist family, a hell of a lot easier. We'd have given Dan Rather a pair of those glasses. Like Dan Tauntama Sino got there and got father 3 in the neck. We'd have found some other way to do it, but that's that wouldn't solve the problem. Because we have to take control of the country. We have to put in our puppet regime. We've already got the general picked out as we told you one of the Bush-Chainee crowds buddies from Orlando. We already got him hand picked to go in here and run things. To we get all our ducks in a row. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami? Yeah. Yes sir. Hey Richard, the Gorvid Al guy. Yeah. It won't be so sad if what you were saying was so true. And Americans are so ignorant and no one understand what's actually going on over there. They just had the former president of Costa Rica here at a fundraiser. There we have to need to spoke over the weekend, the truth, and like 150 people walked out. Americans are so ethnic-centric. They don't travel all the way up. They don't understand what the whole rest of the world is about. How different it is from our world. Most American public are just a bunch of flag-waving, mindless, uneducated idiots. That's the side part. And all the billions of dollars that are being wasted on this, including the 16 billion that we wanted to bribe Turkey with. Every American young person in this country could have a quality education for the kind of money that we're blowing down a drain. But we don't have money for that. Well not only do we not have money for that, but we're going to be paying for this for the next generation. That is correct. And not only in money, but in blood, in the church attack that will inevitably occur here. Anyway, God bless yourself. Okay, tell Gordes to stay off TV. They make a most stupid. Oh, you got that right. Okay, thanks. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, and that's part of the game plan. Anybody who speaks anything opposite, we got to get him off the air. You know what I'm saying? We got to do something. Yeah, I like that. There you go. Let's get that pink ol' flag off the air. And that's freedom. That's what you people are worried about defending. Don't you think about it? A history lesson, a civics lesson, a geography lesson, that's what a most American's need. We read these things that's supposed to be funny. Well 87% of people couldn't find the state that they lived on the map. And that's supposed to be funny. And 13% of them were talking about 18 to 34 year olds couldn't find a guy to MUSA on a map. Couldn't find the rest with both hands. How do you like that? Mindless jackasses who sit around. You want to say, you want to say it? And that's the idea of being involved. Being involved. And cheap channel, which owns every goddamn radio station in the country, are putting on these pepper alleys with their pompoms. We got our marlins pompoms here in our little round. There you go. We'll show them a thing or two. See, and it's working very well. The support the troops support the wars, if there's somehow synonymous. And I'll say it again. Every one of those people who was reviled, who was absolutely excoriated during Vietnam, and I'm talking especially about the people who cut on real early. And we're opening up a big mouth in screaming bloody murder. Those people we should build statues, we should build monuments. Those were the real freedom fighters. Those were the people defending democracy against another illegal conflict, controlled by the Catholic Church and by big business. A place where we didn't belong. A place where we left with our tail between our legs and 58,000 American kids coming home and body bags. And I see that the parallels are scary. And in the beginning they got, and of course then we didn't have the kind of, we didn't do the video game on TV, technology that we have in the heads. We didn't have the embeds to go there and do the propaganda deal. See, that's why Peter and that's got to be cut off. Even though his reporting in MSNBC was heads and shoulders above anybody else, what they were doing. And I'm not a big Peter or an offend, but nevertheless his reporting. And of course this came on heels of CNN and getting their people thrown out of the city. So he was like the one link that we had, the somebody who might actually give us a little objectivity about what was going on. Oh no, we got to get him off there. We have to go step in line with all of these generals and very McCaffrey on MSNBC said, These ago we had that bedtime story on our website. That the game plan is wrong. It's not going to work. They don't have enough troops. Tommy Franks wanted another hundred and thirty thousand troops and now the New Deal is just denied. And I rummst fell. I never said that, you know. Does anybody believe him? No. Not anybody with a brain. Because rumst fell. He's like, harem on gearing with the map of the world. He's got the globe in front of him and he and Wolfowitz and Pearl. They're sitting there. They've got the whole thing scoped out. Are these people military experts? Did any one of them ever fight in combat? No. No. But they're experts. In fact, here's the story right now. Well, I must be stuck. You got to even look at it. From the New Zealand Harold. Must be another Tommy Pinko publication. Sure. You sure won't be here in rush coding from this. I'm not going to look. Seriously, why don't I make them a stiger? I guess it's because we hit the Marlon game when I was desperate. Just pontificating with a big pompous voice at his. Rummst fell the door Pentagon vice on Iraq's magazine. Oh, that's right. That's, you know, see more her. I wonder if he knows Mitchers. Speaking of a plague. US Defense Secretary Donald Rummst fell repeatedly rejected advice from Pentagon planners that substantially support troops in armor would be needed to fight a war in Iraq near a Khmer magazine reports. In its article for its April 7th edition, which goes on sale today, the weekly said Rummst fell then sister at least six times in the run up to the conflict that the proposed number of ground troops be sharply reduced and he got his way. He thought he knew better. He was the decision maker at every tier in the article quoted on identified senior Pentagon planer saying, this is the mess. Rummst put himself in because he didn't want a heavy footprint on the ground. It also said Rummst fell to his overall advice for more commander General Tommy Franks to delay the invasion until troops did not access through Turkey, could be brought in by another route and miscalculated the level of Iraqi resistance. They've got no resources. He was so focused on proving his point that the Iraqis were going to fall apart the article by veteran journalist Seymour Hirsch said an unnamed former high intelligence official is saying. A spokesman at the Pentagon declined to comment on the article. And all over the weekend Rummst fell to nine, then I never said that I never did that. You're full of crap, Rummst. Nobody believes you. Nobody even believed you in the Tommy Thompson when you were babbling about him. I'm trying to believe that either. You jackass. They ever catch that guy. No, but they've got a person of interest. They've got a person of interest that they're checking out. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and for us. I mean, you have to laugh. You're watching all propaganda all day now. Not just on Fox. I mean, we know where they're coming from. Anybody with a brain. But now all the other ones are goose stepping right in a line, man. Everything's great. Everything's on schedule, okay? The fact that the supply lines are backed up 250 and 300 miles, which last time I started reading history is probably not the smartest way to fight a war. But that's just not a problem at all. And the fact that they're encountering all that resistance along the way. So we can do now first of all, we were just going to sit out there for 4 to 6 days. 50 miles outside of Baghdad. Now, now the rumors over the weekend, maybe 4 to 6 weeks. Maybe they're just digging those trenches so they can put their own oil in. We can have it a oil fight back and forth. Okay. See if we like the biggest fires? They're just big latrines. Rummy. Rummy and Wolfowitz and Richard Pearl. And then Cheney, the same cash-the-thired old war-mongering imperialistic assholes. Here's Hollywood, hello. Hey, now, how you doing? Okay, sir. It is wanted to say that thank God the troops can't listen to faggot's like you're here. Okay, great. Thank you so much. Thank God the troops can't listen to faggot's like me. These people have to see that movie. Forget you see them in the border. Oh, sir. Sir, it's the same old crap. It's the same old crap. Comedy, pink, oh, faggot, whatever it is. Name calling. Not any facts. Not any rationalization for why this is going on. Thank God the troops can't hear a faggot like you. Maybe they should hear veterans. What a veteran has to say. Yeah. And by the way, there've been a hell of a lot of veterans speaking out blood-y-murt or a lot more fierce than I've been because they've been through it. Scream and blood-y-murt are about this. But you continue with all your intelligent and the audience continues listening. They say, see where you're coming from. And I should point out to you by the way, sir, that a lot of those troops that are over there right now put in their lives on a line for your ass supposedly. Happened to be faggot's. Don't ask. Don't tell all of that crap. As long as they stay in a closet, it's okay. They can go over there and put their life on a line for you for a little punk like you. For little asshole that uses the phone as his weapon. A shwuck on the end of the hall. Anybody visiting in town? Welcome to South Florida. What you hear is what you get. An outdoor septic tank. 1057 at 560WQA. Tom Layman and Joe Prieto would have a Pontiac GMC or proud of when they're kneeled heel march mad in the silk going on. You don't say it's March 31. So I better get down there right away because this is the last day of March last time I checked. I bet you that Bob Bison Burby and here with some new copy tomorrow, what do you think? No. The heel heel number one in Hall of Pontiac right now. Pick any new GMC or Pontiac in stock. Like the 33 mile a gallon of viprices lowest 13,998 and get yourself zero percent financing for up to 60 months. That's correct. Zero percent for up to 60 months. The heel heel number two. Choose any new vehicle and stock and get you up to a $3,000 rebate. Any new vehicle in stock. And Hall of Sol got great kneeled heels on beatable deals on the pinnable, used cars, trucks and SUVs and almost limitless supply. And as far as your credit is concerned, it is almost never a problem in Hall of Because even the lowest of the dead beats on a face of the globe, they still can find you way to cut your heel and help. That's why people enjoy going there. No pressure, no assault and dance, no arm twisting. Just phenomenal unbeatable deals and nice friendly sales hole to deal with. It's another great set of kneeled heels going on right now at Hall of Pontiac. You'll find them in the same spot. They've been treating people right for over 35 years. 134.01 South, 60 highway. That's US one across in the falls open every day, seven days a week. For more info called the kneeled heel hotline, toll free. 1-Trival 8-534-4211. That's 1-Trival 8-534-4211. Don't forget all kneeled heels are subject to credit. Approval CD-4 details. Hammond Pontiac, GMC, they be professional grade. Hammond Pontiac, GMC, they're all in the same spot. This is 425-60. It's way too way. Yeah. You are completely happy and to be feeling carefree because President Satam Hussein has defeated the Infidel Clinton under Satanic America, while causing great embarrassment to the covetous. And inflicting great pain on our enemies during the recent UN inspections tender. This is why my fellow Raki citizens, I've got my tunnels. It's to be celebrating most renewables leaders' weekends. Yes, yes. Automatic weapons have to be fired to the air without regard for human safety. As you enter, the mic died, my tunnel. Bring what remains of your family to be meeting the front of Mohammed. Do not be forgetting. At noon today, I have to be shopping off the hands of the hungry run. You were presenting the fruit of your lunch to play in the kitty bunker. As you choose from a most tempting menu that includes big maximum secret scuds. A mismatch boom sandwich. Water from the reviews. Not to be forgetting our famous fly. Yes, my fellow Raki citizens, we are to be celebrating our wondrous leaders of the Musaens victory. Over this whole response of the UN investigation. And eat this weekend at the back time, McDonald's. The portion of the postee could be given to our great leaders, other Musaens most secret delivery search and program to be building weapons of past destruction. 111560 WQAM 560-70560-560-560-880 of rise line on the arraggies.com that we asked which of these best describes our Florida. 379 votes pretty heavy duty, but an number of public hundred and nineteen. It'll let's go away slant 58. Land of Crooks and Snooks 47. Land of Sun and Fun 41. Outdoor funeral parlor 36. Haven for rubber rafters 34. Magget Magda 29. And paradise 16. I don't know when you wear lime green pants. You have bed vera cos veins in a big smelly bag. I guess this must be paradise. Especially when you can't go any place else. Oders can't add a kernel can't add. He's one of the worst shows of the mall on MSNBC. Clean up some of these other. All right, let's clean them up a little bit. Clean them up. Nobody's going to die. Just clean them up for anesthetic. Get out the comic cleanser. Get out the Ajax. Clean them from life. Oh brother. This guy there. Every time they put this guy near, they ought to be playing everything is coming up. Roses in the background. Da da da da da. Here's a lady in Melbourne. Hello. Melbourne. Yes, man. Hi, Neil. How are you? I'm so happy to hear you again. I lost you for several years when I moved from South Florida. And I'm so delighted that you're back on there. You are right on. Well, I never went anywhere. I mean, you were gone, but I've been here. I thought you were in Canada now. We have a broad cast to show from there sometimes. I'm always on this station. Right. Well, see, I couldn't get you because I moved from South Florida up to Lake City. And I couldn't possibly reach this station. I couldn't. Come on on the internet. Do you have a computer? I don't. Or shame on you? I know. I've been here for a long time. Darling, I got on to the internet. I checked out the voting on that should on it be fired. Have you seen those? No, no, who's taking that pool? The poll is newsday.com. Okay. Yes. 69.4. Did you believe this? No. 27.5. And not sure. 3.1. Does that tell you the mentality of this country? No, there's a law with the superiority. Neil, I am a veteran. I'm a veteran, protester. I started with the Korean War. And with Vietnam and Cambodia and Unicoragua and all of it. I have been protesting more. I have never seen an attitude like this nation has shown since the inauguration. Well, the good news is I just to check the poll. Yes. Well, 183 responses should he have been fired 59% no 28.38% or 38.5% not sure to an 1%. So what? What? On newsday? Well, that happens since I've been on hold. Yeah. So, yeah. Well, and there won't really be that many votes in the beginning. Plus, of course, you can always assume that the freepers from the right wing websites are holding the sub-ethconey votes. So, they're not really close. Exactly. Neil, what the hell more do they want? They won the White House. They got the White House. No, they did not win the White House. They said, oh, no. They were applying. Well, they were annoying to end a point, and by the same way. By their people. By their side, I made a mistake. By clearance token Thomas. Absolutely. Absolutely. And well, you are just so right on Neil. I just love listening to that. Yes, I am. And, um, keep up the grid. Okay. What's the point? Voice is like you. I'm ready for this. Thanks a lot. Thank you. Bye. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Peter are net canned by National Geographic and MSNBC. Because he gave an interview on a rocky TV and he spoke to truth. He spoke his opinion. That we miscalculated and then we're good like our re-ears designing our world plan. Wait, wait, wait, wait. Well, she's not the only one saying that. Well, he had not it. He's done. Finito. Won't see him no more. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Now, Peter, I'm that spoke to truth that everybody knew. All right. He didn't say anything different. We all know there's not enough troops in there to do anything. It's to Vietnam to stake all over again. Air power does not win wars. I don't care if you have the most sophisticated fly machine in the world. It's not going to squat all over the world. Especially when you're trying to do the surgical war because, you know, if you start dropping bombs in residential areas, that the rest of the world is going to like come down on the American public is going to have it over as breakdown. And the thing that we're doing is hiding in their little holes, went into the bombs to stop before they could come out and start, you know, put a whack in everybody. Yeah. I mean, and then calling power, they have him locked away in a closet. I mean, I haven't seen him all doing this time. And then runs failed. Not only do we have not enough troops to fight Iraq. He's threatening Syria and Iran. Yeah, that was another thing. We have that on the website. Great column by Marine Dowdigan about Syria and Iran. I mean, that's all our troops over there need they need our support, but that's all they need for Syria and Iran to get involved in this. And then we got North Korea shooting off rockets red glare all over the place. I mean, it's, it's, this is going to be a mistake. And this mistake is going to cost American lives and blood. And you know what, when the lectures come next time in, in Britain, I'm not, I mean, I'm not, I won't be mistaken if this guy is out. And whoever goes in pulls all his British troops out of there. And you know what? I'll be glad they pull out. When in that pull them out. Thank you. Okay, thank you. Bye bye. Tony Blair. Maybe the naked pictures are Tony Blair and Colin Powell. What do you think? Huh? Could be because Colin was adamantly opposed to this in a big end. All of a sudden he made that wild turn, you know? Yeah. And supposedly because he got pissed off, it's some comments by the French and the Germans whatever, but I don't think that was it. No. He has a family right? There was something else involved there. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line British NPC's catastrophe ahead. That's on our website today. What was it yesterday? Well, one of these days. You know, if I wanted to sit and read all the bedtime stories, we can go to the mid that I want to do that. But I think I might read the Jimmy Brezlin thing at the end of the show. I already tore it up up printed out again. And he's right. There's blood on the hands of the people who are perpetrating this and I'll say it again, even though he didn't sit, there's blood on the hands of everybody who's supporting it. He'd directly or indirectly, blood on your hands. Go to the sink and out the comic cleanser and start scrubbing right now and no matter how hard you scrub like Jimmy Brezlin said, it still comes back, it's still there. Just like we thought with PD Lenny. And then finally, finally cut that cord. Here's a call from Carl Springs, huh? I mean, no, that's not blood on their hands, that's oil. Yeah. It's oil. This is all about a $1 billion contract for Howard Burton oil. That was in the Sunday paper. I noticed that's not splattered on the TV on the TV. We talked about that months and months and months and months ago over a year ago. I mean, they just got this $1 billion contract. Yeah, we never want to get it. That's that's all news. I don't know how people can support a president who's done nothing but sell us out since he's gotten in there. Yeah. He sold us out on the economy with the stupid tenure tax cut, which went into the far left or far right. Most normal thinking people said it was a bad idea. He sold us out on the environment by taking like a million or two from his coal buddies and then realizing the standards that he don't have to spend tens of millions of dollars to fix up their air, to fix up their air, and now he's selling us out human life for a while. Why would you go into tax money while they're in the middle? He didn't even let them destroy the missiles and they were destroyed. You're going to send your troops in, aren't you going to destroy the weapons? Out of time, man. We were out of time. Yeah. And why didn't you have to be on that certain time level? Had to be in that time level, couldn't wait to know the two months. That was Rally's time, Lippon. Yeah. Okay, pal. Amen. What's your crap is what he said? Crap CRAP. Like that. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. 10 past 11, don't forget it's Marlins open her man. Big day at South Florida, Marlins headballs. Right. We got them a rock as man. We're going to bring out the Mariachi band a little while to do a little pregame festivities here on here. Now what time is that pregame show 34230? 34172. Yeah, he just, the class hasn't been the same since I think he's letting them. The beast get to him. So to speak. Oh, here's a new copy from my friend Alan. Over at Delights and what time he two is there coming up right now? It's coming up right this moment. Thank you. Well, in the course of yours, PD Lenny's gone. In fact, Alan's probably dancing a jig. You don't have to see him anymore. The Alliance of West Boca can help you slim down with over 700 low carbaha grade sugar free products. Whether it's number one at Kinzdaad of any low carb sugar free diet. The Alliance of West Boca's your low carb super store. Come in and sample some of their newest bakery products. Like chocolate cupcakes and brownies for all you brownie hounds by control carb. With only one effective carb gram of carbs per serving. And no forget to slice incredible selection of low carb pasta's sauces, blessings, cheese cakes, chocolates, and their famous soft serve carbolite ice cream. Tiny used to like leaf soft serve. Don't forget at Delights of West Boca all act in products are 25% off all day every day. Stop by talk to their knowledgeable staff and you'll see why I've been telling about this incredible store for the past three years. There's no place like it. They're open every day 10 to 10 on the corner of northeast corner of blaze in 441. Right next to Boston Market. You can call him tool free at 1 8 7 7 low carb or shop them on the way. at low carb.com. Don't forget that Steve Lines of West Boca your official Atkins retail centers. 5 Local CC's 560 3 years old yours. QA With the sewer of his place. I'm a little luck hope talk to you. What's up my show? It's a maze. It's no my life. Yeah. Purple. Impervious to any wrongdoing. Embeued with the power of God. And who disguised as the president. If protected by the mainstreet friends. My son never ending pedal or foil. However, and the Americans. In way. Fuck him. Fuck him. Fuck him. Stop right there. He will do her. A pump your magic oil, Janey. Superb. Who is career firing nuclear missiles right now? You got to do something. They got all there. I don't think so. Well, um. Mave later. Cause. 1113. I was I was busy over here doing something. Okay. Just relax. I was putting out the Jimmy business story again. Plus of course these breaks man. Hey, you sales people want and sell some spots. Well, yeah. Good. Gallio. Miss my last day of the month. So naturally everything kind of like runs off. This this business is just to the sand. Maybe tragic. I guess somebody forgot to tell a president about Jimmy Olson. Gay. Yeah. Otherwise he wouldn't be associated with something like that. 567. 560 pound and are their faches coming in on this thing or not. I don't know. I don't know. I unplugged it. Plugged it back in. It's printing. But now that I think about it. Huh. The thing comes call normal answer. Move about to get to do another. I think somebody messed also over the weekend with our fact machine. They tinkered with it. Which would not be a good thing. Which has the last thing in the world that we need. Here's a call from a pompano. Hello. Yes sir. Meal. Yes I am. I think you're getting some calls. It sounds like about time. Can I have a quick with my call? Probably. First I was going to. The reason why I call originally was about the the relative of the. Uh, who got fired here on it. Yeah. You said you saw it on the nation. The I didn't sit in the nation or itself. But they reshowed the clip on MSNBC. Did you notice that at right and directly after the interview for some reason. Both Katie and. And what's that. No. Matt. We're giggling under the breath. Did you see the. Did you notice that because I didn't see. I like I said also the clip of his apology. I'm going to laugh. What would they laugh in a bot? I can't figure out why I still am trying to figure out why they were doing that. But just directly right after he got off in there. He apologized. I'm sorry to hear that you. And that was bad. Yeah. We shouldn't have done that. But because you spot already. But they right after any shot is video off and they went to the. The study where you're like giggling under and they tried to hide it. It was weird. Thanks for the good news. Okay. Matt and Katie a couple of bubble heads. Who the. Which is why millions of people watch that crap. Nice haircut. By the way, Matt. 5.670560 pound 560 on a AT&T. And for I. I don't know what happened to him. He's that. He had full of hair. How many hairs he's got left? Here's Lake Worth. Hello. Yes, man. Neil. My husband had a look at for new paradise. He placed a runaway to. It can't even watch the news hardly anymore. It's just sort of disturbing. Yeah. But I wanted to tell you that I was on playbacks for two years. What I asked for him. And you can survive. Not pretty. But in the doctor's want to get you off it as soon as you can. As soon as they can. Yeah. But you can't get through some playbacks. And you didn't develop. Oh, bruising. I'm a whole body was a bruise. Well, I'm I'm going to do that. I have to be out of my mind. Yeah. I know. And I went. I went back to like emergency rooms and, you know, talk to people and try to get off it. And why what are they saying? Well, because I had one valve in my heart that's that was clogged. And because they're really bad hardsack. And they said you have to stay on it in order to keep the valve open. Finally, they ended up doing it. Okay. Your problem was a lot more extreme than mine was. Right. And they ended up doing a radiation treatment. They put a pallet of ready radiation in the artery. It opened it. It's like a brand new procedure. Mm-hmm. So it's been successful. Thanks. Good. Yeah. But it once. But you know, you can survive. But boy, it's nasty stuff. Yeah. I don't want to walk around like the purple people either anymore. And I had trouble eating. It ate away like her. It felt like I had sin skin on the inside of my mouth. And I couldn't eat any hot seasoning foods. Really? Ah, it was horrendous. Hmm. Render soap. Wish I had the same problem. I mean, not that it's feeling it in a mouth. Right. Right. Okay. I'm glad everything worked out. Good luck for two years. Thanks. Okay. Bye-bye. Five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon line. Another lady in Orlando. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi. And I'm a student. I just want to see it. I'm a student. I'm a student. I'm really listening to you show. I would just have a couple comments. Okay. First, we were wondering what your opinion is on these Iraqis that are sacrificing themselves or killing their own people to fight. You know, it seems like we're only talking about the troops and, you know, that we shouldn't be there, yada, yada, yada. Hmm. Um. Yes, and yes. Well, I don't know what you want. Why me to say about that is if we don't know that that kind of thing is going to happen. Well, what do you mean we don't know that kind of thing? We are way the CIA already warned that these guys are things we're going to happen. They knew that the kinds of things that we're going to be done. So you think we're supposed to stand by and let them do that? No, I know. When I think is we don't put our troops in harm's way. We don't put troops in there fight the war the kind of way that we're fighting it. And let these people be buttured and blown away. That's what I think. Well, anyway. Well, anyway, we've got to mention all the civilians who are being used as human shields and being slaughtered. Man, I'm out of my eye. I'm not going to waste my time. Okay. You sound like a simple thing. Go back to Phoenix. Go back to practice country. No, she's in a simple. What do you think about? Yeah, I don't think that. I don't know. No, no, see. Let me say it again. These are the same people who believe it was going to be very antiseptic. Everybody was going to welcome us with open arms and with flowers and with a smile on their face. Let me tell you, they don't trust us. They don't trust the British. They don't trust the Americans. And you'll notice that when the first supplies came into Bosnia, the supply trucks and the first they were sharing the pictures of Sodom and they were shouting of Senaties at the American and the allied troops at the Abritus. And then, of course, they ran under to grab the water and whatever food they could get. They'll take whatever because they're trying to stay alive. See, that's what it's all about. We should pay the BG. Stay in a live. They hungry thirsty children. This bread. This bread to stay alive. But that doesn't mean that they like us and they sure as hell don't want us there. They've been through this before. And by the way, aren't we doing a wonderful job and Afghanistan? We're more and more innocent. The troops are dying every day. Are we doing a beautiful job there? See, this is the history of this country. We never finished anywhere. Did we finish in Korea? No. Oh, that's why we got the problem in North Korea, maybe, huh? Did we ever finish there? No. Did we finish in Afghanistan the first time? No. And in the meantime, some of the real worst evil doers like the Pakistani government who came in power with a crew by a military general, their illegitimate government, and the Saudis, the House of Saud, the good business partners of the Bush family, these are some of the worst evil doers. We're not saying nothing about them. They're not on the list. Maybe someday after we take care of Syria and Iran, and then North Korea, maybe we'll get around with them. We're kind of like the high-min Roth Michael Corione coalition, same thing. Who's going to get who first? Here's a call from Naples, hello. Yes, sir. I think you're doing a meeting. This is the first time that you're heard. You're sure you're totally heard on a cross-range of service. And we can all have a stop out there. A lot of great stuff. We've got a web active, like this in this stuff, and then on, which is a great deal. And we get a really good stop. But you can hear this is fantastic. We hear on the radio, and I'm flying our gas, but I'm fighting in Florida. And I hope that people are actually running around here for broadcasts because, you know, like the biggest great thing. Fantastic. And I would love to hear more of this stuff. And I'll tell you some websites that are great. Have you heard of deep energy? No. David Emery's, I'm great. Let's go to spitsfirewist.org or spitfirewist. SPIT. SPIT. SPIT. SPIT. SPIT. SPIT. SPIT. SPIT. SPIT. SPIT. SPIT. SPIT. SPIT. SPIT. SPIT. SPIT. SPIT. SPIT. SPIT. SPIT. SPIT. SPIT. SPIT. SPIT. SPIT. SPIT. SPIT. SPIT. SPIT. SPIT. SPIT. BaiQuit. ST. SPIT. or you sure it's just a mind boggling to me. But then again, if it's good enough for how it's sperm or must be good enough for Phil, huh? Everybody just goose step into line. We'll give you, we'll write out the script. Do all the stands with your stop-okings track of every line. Exactly. You might mention my name is Rice Masks of Curry. 560, 560, pound-560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Every time I see one of those big protest marches and they have the big postures with a picture of Bush and the Hitler mustache and they're over the head. And I think right on, baby, now you're catching on. I guess I was the first one to start calling them Nazis and Fashes to long time ago because a lot of other people were a little slow. Little slow on the uptake. Or maybe because they felt it wasn't appropriate to corum to use that kind of language. Well, when the whole world, when the future of the whole guy the implanet is at stake, I say, screw decorum. Here's Miami, hello. Yes, you're okay. Did you hear about Corraldo? I just thought his push on the recycling but he'd listen to the audio. What was that? The military kicked him out of Iraq for revealing operational details about the future of military plans. Oh, right. Good. Good. When the dock kick is ass out. I just let you look to hear that. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Okay. I guess Corraldo can't be over to exploit that situation anymore. Good. And if I can't tell you what, since he's leaving put Peter on that back in. Well, he actually Peter and it's still there, I guess. Right. Talk into whoever I guess. Just got to make a phone. He's out there in a street corner. Anybody listening? We'll report for food. Oh. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line 442 votes on our pool which of these best describes South Florida. But in a republic of 145, intellectual wasteland 69. That's so ridiculous. Land of Crooks and Snooks 56. Land of Sun and Fun 46. Outdoor funeral parlor 40. Haven for rubber rafters 38. Magget Magmit 31. And Paradise only 17. Paradise ain't doing too good, ma. Don't forget by the way, the Mochurli and Luria Special on the three studios is an 8 o'clock tomorrow night. Did I Schmidt can that? I guess they tossed it out. No, what is it on? I don't know. I forgot. 8 o'clock tomorrow night. On NBC. So it must be something. Here's a call from Hollywood. Hello. And help two points. Yes. One is it was excellent to hear a veteran, Jesse Ventura when he made his statement on MSMEC and the other night that the soldiers need to understand that we've learned our lesson in the Vietnam that these protests are not against the troops that they are against the war themselves and that they understand that and is wonderful words were failed. This is nothing more than a result of failed political policies. So without saying it, he knows that Bush is a failure. And the second thing I need to point out is finally it was good to see that Colonel Hackworth has moved from the Fox propaganda channel over to CNN and gave his very dissenting opinion on what is going on that he sees it exactly the way you did. I saw it this morning as a matter of fact. Vietnam all over. I guess they must have kicked his ass out of Fox. We're per Murdoch. I don't want no part of that. Well, because he, I think, also even half or figured out that Fox does not interested in the truth, but interested in the party line. You got it. Look a day. That's the good news. I saw some of that this morning's matter of fact. Colonel Hackworth, who is a pissed off and foaming at them out. Nice. Colonel. 26 past 11 at 5, 60 WQM. We got the mad dog from the ballpark this afternoon. Wanna clock from a PPP park? Well, we better play that headway. PPP park. We should. Since today is opening day. Everybody's going to go over there and take a little PPP in the infield. That's good. I'm all in Murdoch here. This makes you feel so fay. Huh? No, it's a macho Maraca. Oh, it is not. It's a faggy Maraca. Get it away from me. I noticed Binebore was a shaken it. And the Maraca, too. 27 past 11 at 5, 60 WQM. If you're shaken from looking at your carpets and they'd look really schmutziem. And probably because they are. There's probably dirt near from before Edison was a baby. Well, if you want to get your carpets looking just like brand new, if you don't want to spend thousands of dollars for new carpeting, here's the answer for you called the Miracle Workers at dry concepts. I've been used into my house for way over 20 years now. And these are the only people in the world who dry clean your carpets. It's an exclusive patented method. When they get done, your carpets look and smell lemony fresh. You've got a big smile on your post. They're drying a couple of hours. And you'll be amazed at how they do look and feel and smell. Just like brand new. And then no rip off when you call dry concepts. They give you a written guaranteed price before they start doing the job. So don't forget when it's time to clean those carpets. A postory leather furniture expensive area runs, whatever it might be. These are the people who do it for you. And if you have problems with pet orders and milled the voters, dry concepts can weigh their little magic wand and make them look and smell and feel just like brand new. Do yourself a big favor. Call these folks once. You'll never dream of using anybody else again. Call toll free 1-800-248-5071. 1-800-248-5071. Log under their website if you like it, dry concepts.com. Don't forget with dry concepts. Clean today. You can entertain tonight. Keep in mind that they are in a new world. We are sports-reneal 5-6, man. You a-m. There's a book I smell. Start a blue shane to blow the fuck up. Start a blue shane to blow the fuck up. Start a blue shane to blow the fuck up. Start a blue shane to blow the fuck up. I racked the crappy little country. Now's like the mustache on a stage. Just get rid of that. You're in drinking jubby and blow up the whole goddamn place. I live! Tada booshings the motherf***er. Tada booshings the motherf***er. Tada booshings the motherf***er. Tada booshings the motherf***er. What? I guess Tada booshings the motherf***er. Tada booshings the motherf***er. Tada booshings the motherf***er. Tada booshings the motherf***er. Love a 30-5-60 WQM. Let's wave the flag. Maybe at least wave some pompoms out there at the Marlon Giendus afternoon. Marlon's end of Philly's. I love when that thing is testing in the Dalton. It was often also a firework start shooting off in the airwreck. I love it. That's it. It was George's in airwaving at a flag. This is pretty good article by Bill Davis. Common Dreams.org. One of my favorite websites support our protesters. I'm not going to read that though yet. Don't let me forget that Jimmy Brezland column. Did I print that out? To use it again. What do I do with that, George? Oh, there it is. Blood remains on the hands. By Jimmy Brezland. Here's a call from Boca, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I wondered if you would see the article in this week's New Yorker. Three articles. One by C. Morl. I just talked about C. Morl, herh's article a minute ago. Did you read the other one, Lehman? I came to war. No. And also there's the bombing of Baghdad there. Three, most illuminating articles which totally agree with what you happen saying. And I don't understand why people don't read these things. I'll go out and pick up the New Yorkers this afternoon. By the way, what happened to Osama? Wasn't he a dead or alive or something like that? He's hanging out with the Sodom right now again. Oh, well, they make it wonderful company. Exactly. I've met Maiden Heaven. Okay. Thanks for the good news. I'll go get New Yorker this afternoon. I'll get you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. The fast machines working out, George. Oh, my time. Who would do such a thing? I can't. What's the point? You know, I got a bunch of, like I said, middle-level management people here who are too busy and trolling the goddamn parking lot looking for a asshole smoking a joint who are busy. Been over every time the beast comes down the hall. You know, rectum stuff like that. As opposed to like doing anything for us in here, keeping these idiots out of the studio. Oh, can't wait to get back to Toronto. After less SARS case leaves down. I guess I got back here just in time. You can't escape it, baby. Whether it's the war, whether it's SARS, whatever the hell it is. There's no place to hide under the bed. So get off your knees, clearance. I'm dying over here. Let's see, we can use science to create bugs, but no stem cell research to save lives. No birth control methods to prevent abortion. There's no money for any kind of nationalized healthcare, but there's money for this Schmidt. It's said the madness here is beyond imagination. And the article from News Day, from Saturday, Scientists warn on Bush bioweapons push. A Bush administration program to edit at least three bioweapons labs is troubling many scientists and arms control experts who say it can't be good to train more microbiologists in the black art of bioterror. The field is suddenly awash with billions of dollars to combat bioterrorism, and much more is promised under President Bush's project, bio shield plan. The money will fund the building boom of at least three new airtight laboratories, where scientists in spades, spaces, handled the world's delicious diseases. At least six universities and the nearest state department of health are competing for contracts to build one of the two labs, where scientists can infect research monkeys, other animals with such lethal agents as the Ebola, Marburg and Lassive viruses. These African hemorrhagic diseases are often fatal and always painful, marked by severe bleeding. They'll also like to create a new class of toxins, including genetically engineered ones, as part of the process of constructing our weapons they wanted to defeat. Developing antidotes or vaccines for these toxins might take years. It is perversely increasing the risk of exposure, said Richard Ebreit, a Rutgers University chemist professor, and bioweapons expert who believes one additional lab is all that's needed. Ebreit and others believe labs manage by universities who have less secure than government facilities, which have had their own security labs as it is. How do you like that? Bioweapons research, baby? Biowan. Oh yeah, depleted uranium. We've got a story on a website about that today. Metal designer. The Gulf War syndrome underestimated dangers from low-level radiation. We talked about that earlier. What's going to happen if the depleted uranium, which is illegal, of course, in which we're using in our weapons, if that doesn't get them, then the toxins from the fires will get them. And if that doesn't get them, the toxins from the oil, the burning oil fires, that's a much of the starvation in the drought. Chana, cholera, they're going to get it. Quick, drink in that river water stop. They're coming get your ass. Let's see, I've been a big fan since today's of Zeta when I lived in Paradise, it says, from fountain in South Carolina, Paul. I'm either Republican or Democrat, but an issue by issue analyst, bullet point comments. Carbon-based life forms such as modern day, home-all sapiens, have been killing and brutalizing each other for tens of millions of years. We are unfortunately technologically advanced to where we can blow our planet up instantaneously many times over, which given the fact that nuclear technology is going on 60 years old as inevitable. Huh? If we do nothing preemptively about the likes of So Dam who insane, in another one of those pesky 9-11 situation happens, only times 10 or 100, what is it? Or a thousand, you'll be the first one asking how did it happen. How many times do we need to be victims of tear? And let me say it again by the way since Paul and South Carolina evidently is very selective when he hears and reads, they just rounded up 5,000 Iraqis to be interviewed in the United States, like I said on Friday. They found, you know how many they found? Who were like here in violation of their visas? But third man. Exactly 30. Did they find any connected with terrorism? No, zero. Zero. So don't give me a lecture Paul about So Dam who sane. Also now that the bloom is off the rose-free with Amsterdam, you should consider a remote from Iraq, or any of the 22 country addicted to our League of Arab nations, have been an outspoken gauge you are personally welcomed with open arms, whatever the hell that means. The little sarcasm there from Paul and South Carolina, says sorry to confuse you with the facts. I don't see any facts in here, okay? Other than the Jew-Fad comment, I don't see any facts. You see any facts in here? No. Just more again, you don't agree, you don't want to boost up in the line. So let's attack. Let's do the attack. Let's see how long you'll be on the year over there. I say, let's see how long I'll be on the year over here. Yeah. That's right. Far to the right. Oh yeah, this is Haliburton thing we had this on the website the other day about the one contract, Haliburton. But that has nothing to do with the big endolawat. That's a separate one, okay? Sorry, nice try, but you lose. While the endorphield facts is support our troops that's a major dilemma for me, I scream for all I was worth before the invasions if I could change destiny. Now I'm supposed to reverse my opinion support of volunteer armed forces. I don't want anyone to die for the global corporation, Bastard's who operate as orchestrated this fiasco. Let me get this straight. If I tow the company line, I will cheer for the total American armed forces success, which will result in the slaughter of countless civilians and resist in fighters. Thanks to the guilt trip. You are. Absolutely correct. P.S. the greatest marketing campaign in history has to be the one perpetrated by the administration and the defense department, who convinced America that a career in the all volunteer armed forces has no consequences. Vietnam ended the draft so a different mindset was created. What a waste of genius says, Wally in dear field of organis. Absolutely correct. 560560 pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line. Here's Carl Springs, hello. Yeah, how you doing now? Okay. I can't believe what I'm here. I think it's pathetic to be honest with you. Let me just go. You think what's pathetic? Let me go over a few points. No, no, wait a minute. You think what's pathetic? Well, first of all, the stance that against this war, excuse me. I feel the anger from you still arising from the election. But let me tell you this, this isn't similar to Vietnam. Vietnam, we couldn't tell who the enemy and who the friendly enemy. You know something, let me tell you. When I wait a minute sir, wait a moment. If you want to have a conversation, you're very first point. You lose already because already in the first days of this war, especially around Bosra, that was one of the reasons that a lot of our troops got killed is because they couldn't tell the civilians from the soldiers. We had soldiers dressed up as civilians as exactly the same as Vietnam. And they came on here and they said it's hard to tell the good guys from the bad guys. Let me reply to that. Point number one, there's nothing to reply to. Sorry, sorry. You know, we can't tell a different thing. Have guns through their head. They have to fight or their families and then we'll be killed. Vietnam was totally violent. What's the money? Let me ask you this. What difference does it make? Isn't the end result the same? What's the item we've seen is taken out? Then the people will certainly say it again. Isn't the end result the same? No, because there's an individual regime we're after. In addition to what's your presuming that one side of who's seen is out that these people will suddenly to cut into it. It's not happening and it's not going to happen. You know, I'm not presuming it. I'm listening to what's being said. We know because side of the same thing can control right now. What were the names again? Kusam's the same? Get out of here. You idiot. Kusam's the same. They're going to welcome us with open arms. They hate us like poison. And every day, how would you like to be sitting where we're going to have your comfortable glasses, sir? And every day, feel the bombs bursting in air. Like you're having earthquakes around you where we got them day. And knowing that the supply of food is limited and supply of water is probably going to be an unfit to drink. And that your kids are having their lungs destroyed and polluted and becoming asmatic. How would you like that? And I tell you, oh, I'm here to liberate you, man. I'm here to free you. Don't you love me? Every Iraqi border, thousands of supporters are pouring into join the resistance. All angry and they're all hostile. And they're all point. He can't believe this crap that he's here. Well, guess what? I'm expressing my goddamn opinion. If you don't like it in 20 minutes, you're right wing here all beyond. What the fuck? Feeding bull crap, making up stuff as he goes along. You just be another mindless ditto head. They're millions of mouth there. And isn't it ironic that he starts his argument for the self-defeating argument about we can't in Vietnam? We couldn't tell the good guys from the back. We just got through with a whole episode of that. That's what they're screaming about. And like the CIA told them, we knew this going in. We knew what going in. There was no question about this. No surprises here. And it's not soldiers dressed up as civilians. It's civilians with guns because they all have them over there. Both, fighting on their own right. Yeah. Civilians who hate us like poison, who are trying to get a tactical advantage. I'm not even going to waste my time. Mindless people like him who refused to actually even if you listen to your propaganda and there was their run MSNBC and CNN. And maybe even Fox all the way down it. There's enough actual news coming through. They had no what that was going on. But you don't. The 2000 election, the senior that was only was only what opened the door for this kind of crap. Give them the opportunity to carry out what their imperialistic goals. That's why you're pissed. Oh, I L M O any Y. How many years ago did I tell you that? Oh, I L M O any Y. And POWER 96. Thank you. Right down the hall. 18 till noon at 5. 60 WQM. If you don't want to order a mattress over the bed because you figure it's a big purchase. You want to see it first. Have no fear to take it from me. When you do business with our friends at Dottama. Because you're not going to get any seconds. Any off brands. They've got only the best mattresses in the universe. They got silly and certissiveness. King court. Every size and style. They ranked number one at customer satisfaction. And Dottama. This has got more repeat and referral customers than anybody else. Because they know how to treat your right. Once you buy from Dottama. You never go back to that old fashioned stupid way of shopping those showrooms again. We have to run around a waste gas. Go over town. Comparison shop. You can't beat the low everyday price of Dottama. I'm not going to see that. And don't forget when you buy your mattress from Dottama. Trace. They set up the brand new one. Take away the crappy old vetting for free. You heard me right. Dottama. Trace. Set up the new one. Take away the old for free. So make the call right now. And you are great night. Sleep for weeks and months and years to come. Call 1-800-MAT. 1-800-MATT-RES for Dottama. The easiest as smart as possible way to buy you a great new name brand bed. You are your law. This is for 205-60. You are your. Hey, I got it. Oh, wow. Wow, it's right. Wow, it's right. What the hell is that all about? I would check the Schmutz factory on that disk. What do you mean by that? Well, somebody must have been dickened with it then because I've played it when I bought it in last week. Right? I'm, I'm, I'm, got that machine reset. Everything in here, man, is screwed up. Thanks a lot, Duffin Clarence. You're doing a hell of a job in protecting our important studio here. Most of what you've given I bought out of my own goddamn pocket. And what I'm going to do, I'm going to get a lock. I'm going to get my own lock and put it on this door. What are you smiling about? I'm not going to put up with this crap. Air-re-snickin Monday morning. It's all right. I mean, like I said, this is WQAN where we are radio-ish. Any comparison between us and a real radio station is only coincidental. Okay? Let's see if this cue's on. Somebody mung on it, you know? Yeah, that too. We got it. Yeah. That ain't going to cut it. Hey, Brian, we need to lose CD. Well, maybe not. Let me give it one more quick Schmier here. I'll look in a Schmier. Yeah, I'm Schmier on it. This is a freaking radio. And an amazing, I'm a Toronto and that nice little studio. I have none of these problems. The CD players work great. Nobody comes in over to weekend and dicks your out with my stuff. At least not with the equipment. I mean, what are we talking about here? Muff? What are what? And you can't get any cooperation from these guy damn people. Nothing. They just mubble, mubble, like that, you know, and stuff goes as well as a couple more pills. Clarence goes back and crawls you know, and that prone position waiting for the beast to show up again. Sure, so I have never seen that man smile so broadly. Since he had then encountered with the beast up against the wall, he is like a pig and shmet. There you go. I think I got it. I wiped it clean, baby. Rectomy. Thank you. We need again. If we don't want to die, from the bush for tell that left us all this way. I think it's a right one conspiracy if you ask me. We both end you. Line of secule. Was our doom. Had the bombs dropped from the stars gone far away. Maybe we should have paid attention a little bit more to the facts we just need. No. The price of Gaffestie Clarence and I'm afraid that the law won't be the law. We need again. We go home. I might go. Civil rights will be restored from the sunny day. All right. I can't let that go. I got to have more. Don't we have one of those CD cleaning things in here? Who's we? WQAM. Your in-app station. Something to smear on this man. I'll have to play later. We got an important goddamn radio show going on here. I think that the right wingers have come in. Probably joke how still. Now this seriously. How can this happen all by us? Most of us buy itself. Everything in here today is screwed up. I think it's a god then conspiracy. Make no mistake about it. I bet your condolese was in here. Yeah. Over the weekend. She and her lackeys. Her imperialistic lackeys were in here. Over the weekend. Dicking with our stuff. Try to sabotage this one great radio show on a marginal radio station with a crappy signal. Any Jones by the way, you're still up puts with no balls. Over the dolphin organization. What a joke. What a joke. We've got balls. They were blown a whole goddamn world up. We got soldiers over there. Young people in the prime of their lives. People losing their husbands and friends and wives and the brothers and so whatever. Little babies being blown up by. On a bomba Grande. And any Jones he's worried about a billboard. It's as we've got balls because he's a simple clown. Okay. That's he answered the question. Joe Rose keeps asking that thing about how come. Let's see. Here's a facts. Pretty interesting. It says the fill Henry show is dead. Are you sure? One of the most brilliant sadderists. The mind behind some of the funniest radio in the history of the medium. How wife make wife lose weight. All you can eat negro, Margaret, Bob Green, Larry King. I will not give you a second. It has sold out and become a company man. No more characters. No more irony. No humor. Are you serious? How do you do in the characters? What? Carlos Aziz. Oh. It's a pathetic end for such a great talent. Draft dodging hypocrite. It's okay for these kids to die. But his life was too valuable 30 years ago. Says this anonymous facts. I've canceled my subscription to his website. Oh right. What a waste. You're the only one left. If this were in a butcher's and the military industrial complex who support them, I Isn't it how it was right and you're right. There are much more subtle and subversive mission impossible waste over through the rack dictator. But it would be a lot cheaper efficient. Wouldn't use all that fancy military hardware. Plains, tanks, guns, bulletseeps and radios. And of course, then we wouldn't have to have our friends like Halibut and go over there. We build it after we destroy it. See, that's part of the game plan. Not just the oil itself, but the building process that's going to require all of these things. And of course, the catering company that thing about the Steven or company, which happens to be a big contributor to El Presidente. Maybe they're driving around with those little trucks, you know, like they do with the construction sites of Roachcoaches. Yeah, they're Roachcoaches. A lot of easy to find Roach. I think Roach is all moved out. I think they went to a Jordan. And you know what they say. Don't we have an Oroaches in those coaches, man. That's what Muff says. To Anthony and Flood. No Roach in the coach. You guys are fired. Let's have a meeting. I'm going to call you in the car. But see, you can probably eat the punks like that. A little little poor little bastards like that. Tom facts is, as Bush stated, we're going to stay in Iraq until we win. And nobody asked when what? Good question, Tom. Anybody know the answer? Oh, I.L. M.O. Anyway, P.O.W.E.R. Irving says, Dear Neo, thank goodness for you, sir. The fact that innocent people or Rackies and Allied soldiers are dead and made seems to be a little consequence to our military leaders and our cheerleading reporters embedded or otherwise, I wouldn't call them journalists which would connotate professionalism. The fact that we're the aggressors in an illegal war against the sovereign country seems to be lost on these people, I can't believe that there is one journalist who would ask in all these briefings since we haven't found any weapons of mass destruction in Iraqi hands. Why are they Allied forces using these weapons of mass destruction to kill Iraqi people? Yeah, I'm not saying that last week. Talk about irony. They're supposed to be dangerous because they're hiding weapons of mass destruction. And here where we're hitting them with a greatest assault of aerial bombardment in the history of the freaking human race. It's as I've been around for some time, have yet to be pulled. Of course, I'm a Democrat. I had the opportunity to come and contact with all kinds of people. And if you have to find anybody who's been pulled, well, Karis was pulled right up against the wall. I might add that most of the people I pulled are against is murdering unnecessary warbing directed by a president and his puppeteers. Thank you, Irving. God bless America, baby. For what it used to be. Yeah, gee, it Vietnam. First of all, that punk that called before our bond Vietnam. He wasn't even born when Vietnam was going on Vietnam ended in 1975, 28 years ago. He wouldn't know Vietnam if they stuck the map up his ass. Okay, if Gerald Ford stuck it up his ass in a map too. Punk's. Calvin Faxes and says, Just let me preface my comments that saying I'm a Vietnam veteran in the late 70s or the 80s. I worked as a photojournalist for UPI covering Beirut and towards an Africa. I've seen war from both ends of a rifle, so I think I know pretty much what war's all about, which is a lot more than most people listen to the situation excluding our dear Secretary of State. Incidentally, I was in the same division that Paul was in back in NAM. Let me remind those people who think that good old colon is Mr. Honesty. He was the officer who drew up the military report following the meat lie massacre saying that it didn't happen. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. My first comment has to do with something a right wing talk show host said on 610 Saturday morning. A right wing talk show host on a clear channel station now unusual. With echoes of general Amay, he said we should just send B-52s over to Baghdad and carpet vomit from one into the other. The fact that women and children lived there didn't seem to matter, making it worse was hearing at least four or five colors, calling it a green with him. My last comment about is about general Frank's as a mirror as this guy started to look in sound like general Westmurlin, maybe he's channeling him or something. Maybe Jonathan Edwards. Yeah, is it doing something there, huh? One more thing that I see George on TV down at the rally in Little Havana this weekend, asking, I think I saw him standing next to Rosanne, Iliaud Adana, and he has blow heart. Thank you, Calvin. Other facts, but the facts are pouring and other the facts machine works. With screwed up over the weekend, Muff, along every and other thing in his goddamn studio. I'm going to tell you something, I'm going to raise Rukus in this guy damn place. Now that I'm back for a couple of weeks or a few weeks. Why are you at it? Yes, what else? Keeps calling. Does he really say, Gilbert's calling in the air? Do we have his number? Yeah. And how can we answer facts number? Yeah. What can you jam it? No. What do you mean by that? He does the thing. He does what thing. The thing. I could tell you on the air that everyone's saying. Why is he like, okay. Neil, why do the pussy dolphins have a six hour pre-game show? And the marlins get 20 minutes for opening day. I want to talk hardballs with the crow. It says after your show of course. There's a good facts for you. Ask our programming department about things like that. We got nothing to do with any of that. There's our man. Crow. Can you see the crow? No, no, but we smell them. Five, six, six. Who else was it that smell like that? Somebody was it somebody in here this morning? Smell like, oh, it's him. It's being her boy. I thought you were talking about Todd earlier. No, I'm talking about being her boy. He's like, uh, let's cause he he he he fills up the sink with old spice. Then he washes his balls in there and he holds spice. Man, talk about species spicy balls. Oh, that's right. We can't say balls on here. I'm so sorry, Eddie Jones. I'm so sorry Donna Shalala. Maybe she's busy waxing her Shalala. Five, six, seven, seven, seven. Oh, five, six, seven. Oh, five, six, five, six, seven. Oh, eight, five, six, six. Even he's laughing at it. Even he realizes what I've done to her head. He is five, six, seven. Oh, eight, five, six, six. Wow. Yeah, our man level programming in this place needs a real shake up. I'll tell you that we're going to bring Moses in and let him take care of it. Five hundred and four votes on a poll. Which of these best describes South Florida ladies and gentlemen? But Anna Republic, 168. Oh, intellectual wasteland, 77. Land of Crooks and Snooks, 64. Land of Sun and fun, 58. 50, I'm sorry. Uh, out there funeral parlor 47. Haven for rubber rafters, 45. Mug it, magnet 34 and paradise has only got 19. I thought I'd keep hearing its paradise. Don't you keep hearing that? And I guess like I said, if you're over the ages 75, and you got like checkered pants and lime green pants and play a lot of golf and have your Viracos veins hanging out and you keep saying it's paradise. And kids, stop! You have $2,000 or more on a credit card. Well, then listen, please. Devicated consumer counseling will help you. I don't cost you nothing. That's right. It'll cost you nothing. Devicated is a non-profit company. It'll contact the company's year money too, and they'll cut your payments in half. Call 1-800-4-NodeDET. That's 1-800-Number 4-N letters, N-O-D-E-B-T. Devicated will help you cut your interest rate, eliminate late fees, and save your credit will cost you nothing. The bank pays debicated new pay nothing. So if you're tired of handling credit card debt, call Devicated at 1-800-4-NodeDET. Call and find out how debicated can help you. You got nothing to lose. If you've had it with credit card debt with high interest rates and late fees, call debicated consumer counseling, and they'll handle it for their for you. From there, they'll do it. Call right now, toll-free, 1-800-4-NodeDET. That's 1-800-4-NodeDET, and don't forget, it's cost you nothing. I didn't local care. We're sports-video-56y-sue. You, A-M. This used to be a cinematographer, leader-print-lot. And I'm a rotten-all-moden-nigger-print-stown-of-my-amma. The listen to my favorite, you, nail-rogers, and a world-one-hour. Mood-one-hour. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, we arebaid, oh, oh, oh, oh yeah, so peppers behave as well, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh who the universe will not lie he fears, right, oh  God's just Nope Trickly Oh Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh he lost his hand. From $0.0 In 1950, 75 minutes away from the Madoau, is Dota's Game out from P.P. Park and still hasn't played P.P. Park. Don't let me forget. I'm Orleans opening day. We got to do that. Old Gilbert Solomon's number is D 105, 3868040 who is a continued call with the Pontographic phone calls, obscenities. I see 305 3868040 the reason I give that out of somebody wants to freak Gilbert and everything he's lonely. I want some actual evidently 305 3868040 and in fact that you know that this radio station refused the Duane thing to cooperate with us and it's typical of what goes out of the studio. It's the same thing They give you nothing. What's it got to do with sport and you want to know why? Because they're all scared of their own shadow They're all flying not only under the radar, but they're the their asses almost hitting the ground or flying solo follow To stay under that radar, muff, clearance, etc. Anybody seeing Greg? No, he's busy. He's got a date with very jackass to that belief Ain't anything dating? You're prom bagginet for once today X Kentucky priest please guilty of sex abuse. How do you like that more of this stuff? There's no fact in the church. A retired Roman Catholic priest accused of abuse by dozens of playtips pleaded guilty Monday to multiple counts of sexual misconduct as his jury trial was scheduled to begin The Reverend Louis E. Miller we've had many stories about this come back 72 of Louisville played a guilty in Jefferson County Circuit court 250 counts of in decent animal practices and sexual abuse The charges against Miller involved 21 victims according to court documents he faces trial on similar charges in neighboring Oldham County in June. In other words, this is just a tip of the iceberg Military tagged from public ministry last year when accusations of abuse became public Miller's accused of abuse more than 80 lawsuits filed against the Roman Catholic arts dices of Louisville which employed the priest for more than 30 years The plaintiffs all now adults claim they were abused by millerous children They said the church was well aware of the abuse but did nothing to stop it The arts dices facing a total more than 200 lawsuits filed last year. That's just an at the in Louisville How do you like that? Let's hear it. What a Catholic church. You're really clean up their act, didn't they? No. I'll sorry Dennis. I want to get you off set Another emotional cripple who can't handle the truth What what is this? I'm very happy that you cannot play the condolese. Oh, that's great. Okay, we're happy that you're happy Okay, that's good I'm upside down facts from somebody with an IQ about about a two and a half I get more credit than that. You don't want to think the IQ is if somebody that sends something like that Here's a facts from Carl who says I'm a Vietnam vet who served 26 months in this country. I was an inter what? I guess I'm Vietnam. I was an interpreter worked for Naval Intelligence for sure time and there's nothing about pushes invasion That war is anything but incredulity just say no says Carl. How do you like that nice going Carl? Then here's all this stuff about cheap channel. I think we already did nothing about them. Didn't we? War puts radio on the defensive? Yep, well, you know can never do too much. Maybe we'll save the stank you anyway. Dan is a Dan or Dean Dan. Thank you Dan 522 votes on a poll a staggering response editor. Georgia if I say so myself good Which of these best describes how fluid about an inter Republic of 175 intellectual wasteland 78 land of Crooks and snuck 70 land of Sun and fun 50 Outdoor funeral parlor 47 home for rubber rafters 46 maggot magnet 35 and paradise 21 Here's a call from Kindle hello. Hey, yes, sir. How you doing all good? Oh, okay, and quite a while I was wrapping that kid was talking about Vietnam The closest I can come to comparing this word anything is when Mussolini invading Ethiopia And those poor dumb shit loves that taken on taking into Mussolini use gas on to win That's the same situation here Last and yes, I know you're watching it to meet the press with General Myers doing everything. I wasn't watching it. No, I see I've got enough propaganda I've given up on these stupid reports from the front and all that because it's all propaganda when that general Air defense common up roll it Like they know what a what a load oh Crack you know, I'm just a think of it Those members are nothing bad happens to the allied because we have gotten our side In the poor British you know, they get killed more by US bullets and plane crashes and helicopter crashes and they are by Iraqi bullets You know There was an article. I don't know who it's it because I didn't find out who it's attributed to but it wasn't a shit article About the news coverage on television and they had a comment about Fox News and they said it was enough to scare the teeth right out of and culture is a joint Wow, when I saw that I was in the floor. I was I was on the floor. I think they got their some on it And one of the guys on our news group because we're a bunch of military historians and stuff like that We've been arguing this left right center He's been putting up these little Posted by a caliber saying Haliburton thanks you for your death in the name of democracy of course, which boost our profits So I figured that's exactly what the war is actually okay. I have a great time Let's see here's Tim and Peckerwood pines. Let's see what kind of sarcastic crap Did you know if George's up it was gonna torture me if I didn't show up on my own so but he did one another country They're coming to help me what Martin she and man for president and George for his vice president do how many Americans with both her I see a Tim is doing a stick here on a thing here Timmy and Peckerwood pines The reason we're dying over there. He says is because the soldiers are trying to be decent and help these people and We do help these rotten nasty hateful Iraqi people they kill us I guess we should just flatten the place and everybody in said trying to help Yeah, we're here to help me about away Yeah Wow, Timmy get yourself some help in fact, maybe if you're watching a parking lot and smoke a big fat one with Anthony and Vlad if muffin looking Oh, yeah, that muffs you get so bad on the shit. She starts getting all that feeling of power You know, oh, I caught that my caught them. Oh, yeah Starts to get all swell up. You know what I mean. That's why his back is hurting so much or might be something else back to them 10 past noon at five sixty wqm Let me tell you right now how about losing a fat Not just as fat ugly believe me. Do I know am I fat and ugly or what? Shut up But the fact of the matter is it's unhealthy. That's the most important part even if you don't care how you look It's just it's grow test gets bad for your everything diabetes Diabetes and have blood pressure and strokes and a heart attack and all of these things One of the best ways to lose weight beyond a shadow about his balance for life and a reason is because a lot of people try it all the others They've tried you name it and they've done it Balance for life is something completely different because they provide the food for you You don't have to do any measuring no shopping no cleaning no calorie counting no carbohydrate counting It's all based on the zone died which is very effective but very complicated They take the complicating part out. They put together fantastic delicious fresh meals They give you two choices for each meal every day that's run a program and they deliver all your food Do every day in little black sack all your food for the days in your sack Can we say sack on the air still? I mean we can't say balls Huh It's in your black container. Don't say box either you're a little container three gourmame meals two delicious snacks are in your container And of course everything is cooked fresh They have nothing but the finest ingredients no preservatives no chemicals nothing frozen and A wages for his off your body. There's plenty of food to keep you full all day long and you won't go hungry on a balance for life program So if you want to do like the beast who's lost and they're 60 bucks I'm gonna tell you right now this coming Friday and I hope he's listening right now In fact we'll let him do clearance a couple more times. That'll burrow some calories this coming Friday He better be down a couple more pounds or a heart We're gonna bring Moan here and let him turn the tables on him So if you want to lose the weight do it with balance for life call nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine The natural delicious way to lose it nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine or check out their prestigious website If you like at balance for life.com This is your point This is your box Who's up there with Hans Roomer Good evening The White House and yesterday that the center stations were now open to all registered Democrats to be processed for appropriate work Ambassments this has been approved by a father court with the understanding that many Democrats are you on and are Bread like rats another victory for President Bush in his war against terrorism huhush I Deni  Unrespect for life. As me, Mr. Kusai, all vessels must be removed, initially, and even our remaining abortion will be appeased in the withdrawal of the pandemic. And, of course, to stand outside for a week, the blood victory for President Bush in his war against terrorism, published. Our worries, President Bush, will be attending the ceremony of the UN's Constitution. And we'll be signing the ELA release at Kiriti Lundall, as soon as the light has as a rebuild. And, amongst devastating al Qaeda attack, the victory for President Bush has been who had more against terrorism. And, of course, this has been a box not seen news update, box not seen news, stay comfortable and leave the thinking do us. Also, if the thing that five, 60 W.C. I remember I mentioned about Little Jerry when he was squiggly riding. Now, his anudial is, got to Jerry. Now he's typing. But, even his typing has, like, you know, it all looks the same. You know, he's got that signature. Like, when would it look like that? A flavor. You guys, did Jerry do all go in any circular file, idiot. You're an idiot, Jerry. You know what I'm saying? Peter, Foxes, and says last week, you're reading an excerpt from Michael Moore's book describing Dick Cheney's Royal, we know the Hellerburton stuff. Peter, our government continues feeding us the Hussein, his evil front, and throwing out little business deals on a side. That's the way they correct him. By the way, have they found the weapons of mass destruction yet? No. Please let us know, since they do. Thanks for keeping us well informed. Thank you, Peter. Now they found these chemical factories, though, and they found all of those suits, and they found that Attropine, and they found this. Did they find any weapons yet? No. Not that any of us are suspicious that if they do find anything that we don't know where they came from, or whatever they want to find. Ex-ex-ex very well said, George. George had two great slogans. He said, first of all, they're rattling the hornets nest. That was way back when. And now he says, they'll find what they want to find, which he wishes he could do. 560560. What's the invention that just ended? Yeah. 560, the 80th Verizon Wireless Line. West Palm Beach, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Did you see 60 minutes you talked about that already? Yes, sir. I only saw the Reichs-Soy Andy Rune at the end who was sensationalized. I didn't see. I saw the beginning piece. I forgot what was above. Well, one of the segments was about the fact that it's mostly Shiite. Right. It would be a trap, of course. But there's an eye at the hole that has already got that. I think I was ready to go in and he thought it'd be a natural leader. So he went to the people in that city. But we don't want any part of that because of course our deal in Devine told us. But we don't have a good track record with eye at all. Yeah, we're not going to go for that. But they've talked about when we left after the Gulf War. Of course told the people to rise up. They did. I did see that, yeah. And just like we didn't hungry, just like we always do. We always tell the people to rise up and then we let them get slaughtered. Yes. Why should they trust us? They don't. They hate us. And you know that bush right now is pumping record amounts of oil into the strategic preserve. It's record high prices oil and he is pumping record amounts of oil into the strategic preserve. Yeah. Does that make sense? I'm too confident. We'll let them at the oil on the market and it's cost and the most of the put it on at this time. But let's let me take a look right now to price the way they're in the commercial. I'll do it in a minute. The crude oil price it was up like 39 cents real release. That's probably going to go up another 50 cents to a buck today. Yeah, but I have no idea. It's just why now, you know, other persons have actually taken out or threatened to take it out to level the oil. I don't think he's interested in that course to bring the price a little down. Of course, I want to goose it up, baby. More profits for a Chevron Condolese and all those other good buddies. Incoated, I have a very, very dick chain. Dad's feeling about what Sodom is doing to do is last move and bad. I think it's the bomb. Chemical weapons, man. I have no doubts. My gaffer. You know, it's just, why shouldn't you? Why should take the whole city out was done? Well, like I said, we, we've printed proud of the Hornets nice to now. We're going to pay a working price in so a lot of innocent bystanders. I'm going to say it again. I'll work that article by Jimmy Breslin, George. Oh, I had it here in a moment ago. No, you didn't. Oh, seriously, we're going to hell this side. I was going to read again that Jimmy Breslin column about blood on the hands. Huh? Well, there's somebody down here. I got it. Just relax Carlos, he goes flying out through it. Just calm down. Okay, be in her boy. Read through that. We left for the ballgame already. I got it right here. Just relax. Man, you are such a, there is no relax mode. Such a bumblebee and heat. My god. Like rumble still skin on doggy uppers. By the way, we got drugs in here. Doggy uppers. Come and bust them. I wouldn't you like to be in a fly-in-a-wall to see that. Duff-busting, Anthony and Vlad for smoking a joint in the car. Oh, god, here. Grow up, you silly old, cool man. You aren't old man. You silly old goose. You know, he does that one more time. We're going to start doing stuff on here about the medication. He was taking last summer when he was heavily medicated. Remember those days? Oh, bro, that man. Yeah. He was popping it. I remember that. He didn't know what planet he was on. He knew what he was on the moon or your rainous. Although he did see you enjoyed it. Clarence. Jimmy Brezlan writes in news day today. I read this at the beginning of the show. We're three and again. Blood remains on the hands. The least blood a small squirt when we're moving a needle. Two drops, that's all. No more than two drops. And suddenly it's everywhere. It remains after all. Wipe it into returns. Look about. And it is in two and three places. Wipe those places and the blood doesn't go away. Two drops of pure as a needle comes out and then it's endless. Blood from the body of a baby bomb to death and bagged add blood by the pint running out of the street as fast as a swift river has magic in its pure infant cells. Of course you cannot scrub the street clean because the blood from the baby already is covered the street in his in the air. Blood from a bombed baby and bagged add go was over the wide choking sands and across his mountains and then great landmasses and then suddenly over a chanel it's in Westminster and London and people look at the sidewalk and mud over these large blood spots came from and the officer on duty in front of 10 Downing Street looks at the door handle and worries how did this get here without me seeing this in having it cleaned. He has a servant rush to the door with cloth and polishes. He wipes the blood and polishes the door handles and then walks off and the guard happens to glance at the door handle and the blood is back smeared bright new red over the polished handle. The baby's blood is off to rush over the ocean. A strange red cloud poised to rain and it floats over the green of the Washington Parks and goes down to a sloping street over the state department where as a man opens a corridor for colon Powell he suddenly notices blood on the door handle and quickly unfurls a hanker chief and wipes the handle and polishes in the cargo's off and a man who held the door is left in the driveway and sees the red is still on Powell's door handle. When he leaves the car, Powell does notice the door handle as he touches it himself. The blood red cloud goes over the river to the Pentagon and it suddenly pours on the car that takes rums fell to a new appearance and this time the blood is left on the door handles of both sides. A sergeant wipes the blood is there when rums fell to get home. The red cloud then comes down on a white house lawn and does more than sprinkle its splashes the helicopter the president and he strolls out with his wife, his dog and his chesty walk and slight smirk and the wife at his side is smiling. Towards the end of the week and we are good decent Christian people, God bless us and God bless everybody and his their body to get into the helicopter and air force office or rushes up in alarmances. Please just give us a moment and he has three people scrubbing so quickly to clean the blood from the helicopter and then bushing his wife get aboard and fly off the camp David for where else would you go on a weekend as they've neglected to have two men hanging out of the windows inspecting the sides of the craft in midair. Nobody can see the blood back on a helicopter. As they get off a camp David, brush his hand brushes against baby blood on a plane as this is wife's. At this hour in London, bluer rises in the middle of his long night and goes to the bathroom to try and wash this blood off. He couldn't do it before he went to bed. When Washington rumbsfield stares at the red splashes on both his hands and colon palkalls out that there must be something wrong with the soap because it doesn't get the blood off his hands. A camp David, Bush notices blood on his right hand. He goes to the bathroom to wash it off and he holds his hands out of the water and rubs them with the bar of soap and then puts them out of the water and takes them out and holds them to dry with the towel. He glances at his hands and sees the blood of the dead baby as bright on his fingers. He mutters and washes the hands again. He'll do it again. Again this year and next year and through all the years because the blood remains forever on the hands. Boys actually. 560, 560, pound 560 on a AT&T line. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hi. Yes, ma'am. I just want to say I have two nephews over there in the war. And I am totally against the war. This war is wrong. It's illegal, unjustified and everything else I can possibly thank us. And I find it just wonderful. These people who are raw rosses, boom, baff of this war come nothing delusion this war. They don't have a child's life to be lost. Another thing George Bush was not elected president of this country. That is true. It will always be true. And I'm not letting it go. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Oh, Jerry. So this has been back to the hand. I got him on the typing. I'm on a Jerry. He's got a pin. I got him on the typing. I'm on a Jerry. He's got a pin. He's got a pin. He's got a pin. Maybe he's got diabetes. I need to know. 560, pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Back to him. I suggest that lady that just called not to walk in Little Havana because anybody that is against the work of a minister. That's right. You know, I'm calling you from Little Havana and the authority when they had that group of people. That embarrassing performance. Well, it's an museum. It's always embarrassing. Iliana Ross laid flat and it was a funny dog. She said she was yelling. Bush, Bush, Bush, Libertat, Libertat, Bush, Bush. I said, Bush, Bush, Bush, Bush. I was like, they were born there. Good. Let me tell you. What happened to that lady that used to work in this station called Caroline, Carolina, Carolina, Caroline. What happened to her? Yeah. She's somebody told me she's working in another station now. Yes, she's down hall of Tower 96. Oh, yeah. They keep her real busy. I know because they saw her with one of the executives in Jamaica recently. I see. Wow. What is the executives from where? From your station? Woo. Hey man. And his image and G. R. E.E.D.Y. Hey. Huh. G.Like great. I'll be damned. Like red. Yeah. And they were Han and Han. So that's a little gossip. Well, I'm certainly going to check it out then. You do. B. I still awake all of me go. Bye bye. See ya. He's an ocean provocateur. George is fighting out of the counter. He listen. I don't know what he's talking about to you. We don't have any idea what he's talking about. There we go. 26 past the hour. Let's see. I know this is off the subject. But I recommend watching the movie autofocus during Greg Kinney or Bob Delife of Bob Crane. Oh, yeah. Who was a raving right wing line? I didn't know that. Did you know Bob Crane was a raving right wing lunatic? Not until now. The swarish moker drink, but was a total sex pervert of my thousands of hours of homemade pornography on video. We knew that. The movie, all of us as Crane was killed by his friend John Carpenter was a real creep in leech. Yeah. It's a good movie. And the actor who plays Warner Clemper was perfect, especially when he says, who again? See I never watched the hook and so on. Oh, funny. Never watched it. I mean, can't have to show the Richard Dawson was a spoof of the Germans. Are they ready then? Poor Richard Dawson. He wasn't quite so drunk during the high chain. It says, I love you. You understand the Gestapo keeps track of everyone. How do we live without that drop? Kind of Lisa. I do like it. You understand the stop-over from everyone. Absolutely correct. Yes, it is. So what was that guy say in before? Five six out. Oh, five 60 pound five armigre. What was he talking about? I don't know. Speaking. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. You know, it really kicks me off. You say the word bush, the red jacket, and it's out there thinks that this asshole is a god. Really? You know, I haven't had any of those people yet. Yeah. I haven't. There are two people who were public in Miami for crazy. Don't be redundant, man. He's an asshole. Yeah. And that bitch was with an image from Fox radio. And Heather, Fox News heard her. Yeah, but you never saw her call and complaining about your Spooks about Clinton or even a Spooks on Bush. How much I'm a giant. How much I'm a jocelyn elder. She's black last time. I checked nobody had any problem with that because she's a liberal. Yeah, you know, you had to spoof on the, you know, you know, come to know the, Don't keep saying Spook. They're going to think you're saying Spook. Don't keep saying Spook. Don't keep saying Spook. I'll be that bitch, say bit or bit. I don't say pretty. They're going to think you're saying some rounds with bit. Fine. Well, we're very sensitive now. We have to be politically correct. We can't even say balls on a billboard. I mean, for anybody who missed this over the weekend. It wasn't bad enough. It was the University of Miami and Donna Sholela who's busy waxing her Sholela that wasn't bad enough that she kidden a wacky jackey Thompson about to billboard. That says we've got balls, a few minutes got the logo at the 4 teams, We carry around it wasn't that. But now, any Jones, the president of the dolphins, says the billboard is inappropriate. inappropriate and he complained the QA. I'm so we're gonna have to take down the dolphin and the hurricane logos off that billboard. And you know something who cares? Who would want to promote people who are much of balloonoses like that, huh? The freaking dolphins. We've got balls. And I'll say it again on you dolphins out there who've wondered why the teen chokes and gags every year during December when the games really won the season is really online. There's the answer for you. No balls. I think that should be the promotional campaign all season long upcoming. We got no balls. And supposed to some other teams like the Patriots like with Tom Brady who's got real balls and some of us would like to check it out. What are you shaking your head about? Okay? Little booget on? Parents told me how you got the job who you can. Anybody who washes his things in the assays. I was gonna say washes his balls and sing. We can't say that either. Jules. No, he's golf. He plays golf. He plays golf with Moan and we can't. Don't they have ball washers right there on the floor? We're a moe pushes balls. Rack them. 12 30. One, you know, that kind of postings up on Daisy forgets the bag. Because guilty. The other one no more than overflow. We can't handle it. He's just to filming at the moment. 12 30 a QM. We got the opening day. Where's my moraka? Yeah, here we go. Straight from moraka. In the irradiol. There you go. The moraka for the Marlin home opener. In a town where we have no interest. No interest in basketball. No interest in hockey. Certainly no interest in baseball. Then the dolphins that you used to like. They turned out to be a bunch of blue no schmucks who have no balls. If you'd like to rest your balls and rest you got a nice comfortable mattress every night for months and years to come. Here's the answer. Pick up your instrument and call our friends at Dottama Trist. Over a million people of bottom actress over to phone from these folks, including me several times and hundreds more due to every week. This is the smart way to shop. Instead of getting ripped off by your bidding and department stores. And of course even if you just go in there, just wasting the gas to question about 50 bucks a gallon. Just sit there making an easy shopping deal by pickup the phone and one easy call to 100 mattress. We'll get the job done for you. 1 800 mATT RES. They got the best manufacturers in a business. They carry ceiling and sort of Simmons King coil every size and sell one of the sun ready for just about immediate delivery too. Like I've been telling you for years. They're delivery. Deal is unbeatable and it prices unbeatable too. Once you buy a mattress and dollama Trist you'll never go back to the old fashioned way of slucking to a show or again. And please keep in mind when you buy a mattress and dollama Trist, they take away the crappy old soiled smelly bedding instead of your brand new one for free. You know what's the shame this station is a pension for stuff like this? You heard me right? Dollama Trist sets up the new and takes away the crappy old bedding for free. So call right now. You'll be sleeping like a baby for months and years to come. Call 1 800 mattress 1 800 mATT RES for our good pyzons at Dilemetric. My life and look all this is 4 23.5. 4 A Change. 2 2 2 2 2 3 2 3 4 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4 4 1 2 3 4 4 1 2 3 4 4 1 2 3 4 4 1 2 3 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 5 4 4 5 4 2 5 4 4 7 4 4 4 4 3 in the afternoon so at five o'clock I go one and my pb decided okay if he's protesting is over no time to go home yeah and i'll be selling his piece of protestors are picking up barricades and stiffer throwing out the cops i'll be looking at the info on my saw the same news you saw your time on a handful of people right but still man i mean they're uh you know protestors is there right this is free country and you know thank god that the people on the other side never do anything really when they have marches when they protest or that when these people come out that they never do anything throw things at them thank you get out of here silly person well that means the way it's good guys against the bad guys don't understand like the president said you either with us or against us all the good people are on his side all the rest of us are evil doers it's some protesters get unruly that justifies the whole war thing three british soldiers send home after protesting at civilian deaths from the british newspaper the guardian somebody just facts this to me thank you friend napels three british soldiers in a rack of an ordered home after objecting the conduct of the war it's understood they've been sent home for protesting that the war is killing innocent civilians which it is the three soldiers including a private and a technician are from 16 aerosol brigade which is deployed in southern Iraq it's task is been to protect oil fields the brigade includes the first and third batted of the world Irish regiment a world harsh horse artillery regiment and the reconnaissance squadron of the household cavalry the three soldiers based in sx face court martial arts seeking legal advice defense horses said the ministry of defense said it was not prepared to come out of the individual cases it said it had no evidence to suggest the soldiers have been sent home for refusing to fight it's understood the three soldiers have been sent home for complaining about the way the war is being fought in the growing danger to civilians the fact that they're seeking legal advice makes it clear to the government the government the way the war is developing it's also causing concern to British military chiefs who are worried about growing evidence of civilians being killed and fighting involving American soldiers around urban areas in southern Iraq I just mentioned that in passing liberation by elimination death will set you free here's our most chronic facts here who says Marlon spy report went to georobodied to get tickets for tonight and the only tickets left were up or deck maybe a sell out question mark or the after they give away the first one of your 25,000 opening day don't get all excited don't get all the money you can get all the money you can get all the money you can get all the folks the money the 150th game the last day first if you're not interested why are you interested nobody day I mean it's not like I do realize that championships like the Super Bowl or the world series or the Stanley Cup finals They will attract people ordinarily don't you know they could care less during the regular season But there are some people like watch the world series like Georgia course always a watch if there's a seven-gaming world series Right, yeah, sure like if Tiger was involved on a real-type match and the last couple of holes Huh the tiger I just don't get it if there's no legitimate interest. Why is this to well? We've waited all these months for this you know, buddy. You didn't care last year Why we still all care but we want to be there got a lot of free tickets like Carlos you don't give a crap He's got his damn what's what's that? Cap he's gonna. Oh, he was hoping he's waiting for the golf man I told you he was watching golf balls in the sink Here's Miami. Hello Neil yes, sir. Oh, hello there. Was that the tennis term? Neil yeah, yeah, I'm up in part of telling that you're on I'm right here. I'm right here. I don't know I just give distracted easily by tennis and golf Yeah, I'm not having a living to use in the day one and you start doing here here by him Yes, sir anyway Well, I'm not a caller. I'm a listener good you're very entertaining over the years. I agree I appreciate it. We all appreciate anyway This is about this you rock thing. I was I was volunteer from the military and Get in all the people to volunteer for the enlisted ranks usually about 20 years old When you 20 years old basically you don't know anything for anything And so you know all these most of the people over there now They I'm sure they never thought that be you know in combat or approaching combat And you know there they are and I'm like I'm a gift is being there, but It's the show you who's got the power to do that. That is correct. You're right So you know what can you do but another thing about the US government This recently the Know that hijackers are came from Cuba You know they released on bond Yeah, we got out on bomb a good ankle bracelet song But the Haitian children there in the hotel It bird I think it's a bird road and Ooh, I don't know that my my phone anyway It bird road in 17 Avenue. Yeah, they're still in prison in the hotel So you're gonna go. We had yeah, we got a double set of standards that's known newsboard And it always has been always well. They don't have it a political club They don't have no alien agrosse resented Dana laden. Exactly, but our government said we're against terrorism And we got people that hijacked an aircraft here to the keys right and then we take the hijackers and release them on bomb I guess I guess the family members of Miami I don't know as they came from the right place manning I got jackers. They got the political connections in the cash we don't care. Yeah, but I'd like to watch man hanging there It's incredible just too. She'll pass you all look like a bag. You know stone for this will pass And thank you every ever there's a new generation every five minutes Yeah, if you know what I'm saying in other words They know that the people with the power and they know they got another generation every five minutes Which is basically ignorant Right and they line there doing everything I can to keep it that way hang in there man I'll say yeah, they say on the other side 5605050 what are you smirking him on I'll see him on the other side and The one things that we know lately might be pretty soon, you know what sides that the dark side the dark side Here is the fact that says I can't find any difference between Alges era and Fox to zero They both Taylor information of their phonetic audience and demonize any opposing viewpoints very well said By the way now that you're back is there any chance you can play the bit of the black lady who found a turd in her car. Can you imagine that? Thank you for calling us this T-Toy and I'm gonna help you. I just picked up my 92 call from your life And that is on two turd in the back seat. I heard turd. Yes And there's what there's one black thief a turd A big ass human turd in the back seat of my call. Bam. I assure you our guys did not take it dump in your car if you want to bring that car back And we'll take a look at it. You know you want to take a look at it My car is fine. It's that big ass turd in the back seat. Okay. What would you like me to do? I said okay, how about I'm going to your house and pick the local you'll count about this man What would you like me to do to fix the situation? I want somebody to come over here. Get this turd out my back seat. That's not gonna happen What is that going to happen? You can bring the car here and we can take a look at it. I have a bring it back there You know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna take a dump in every last call you got there I'm gonna peel your counter. I'll do it all. Okay. You how it feels? Okay, you know what you feel like a big girl in there? It probably came out your way Oh yeah, I I don't make it happen to go and I'm bigger and dumping the car About 400 pounds that's my turn. Yeah, that came from 400 pounds There's a 400 pound man. He's a 400 pound man. He's a that old gorilla I'm driving his car right to my lawyer's office and I'm gonna let the whole world see you're gonna be on a new decision buddy I'm gonna get seven on my side. What you want to be on the news? Can you describe this I mean, what does it look like you know what it is? What the hell you work on it? We work color. I say what it smells undone and that's what it smells like No, it's not like you sold your ass to the devil How long is it? Is that as long as my I don't think it's like why y'all this is not but I got them damn Too much for and I bet see you I think it's a racial stick too A little kid is a run in a way from it How much I'll find this funny I love the you're planning I'll see you real soon. Oh, all right How long does it look like it's been sitting Steve is coming off of it. Okay Yeah I What you need to do Is you need to bring that turn back and we'll match it up. We have lineup we'll match it up with the With the other turns that we have well, what you need to do is learn how to use a toy We say and I can bring the serve back to me. No, you know what? No, I'm starting to like it Gonna keep it as a fat. Well keep it because it's a nice look. You know what is a nice conversation Okay You turn Prop 46 at five 60 WD cream the mad dog coming rest. I wonder what the mad dog's gonna have to say mr. Dolphin huh mr. Macho About Eddie Jones and we have balls billboard other big controversy with Eddie Jones and the dolphins Yeah, maybe that could change your name from the dolphins to the pussy case. Yeah What a joke. We have balls Man, seriously, when you stop and think about that it's so embarrassing humiliating and degrading that a bunch of adults. Of course when you get to be Eddie Jones age maybe he's a little past an LDO like Mo It'll be like Sodom if you find yourself in a real dead end job pick up the phone to call fast train toll free At one eight six six fast train to get started a new high-paying computer job Unless you're hiding out of the desk and cruise missiles are landing all around you there are no other excuses Call fast train and get yourself started on the road to a big fat useful paycheck call one eight six six fast train Fast train offers convenient dating weekend classes check them out of the web if you like fast train dot com and get out of that dead end job Who working for some schmuck unlike dictators computer professionals are in high demand and the demand is getting higher by the minute Just like Vlad and Anthony call fast train today. They got locations all over town Miami Kendall Pember Pines for love it. It'll be one year by you Registrate fast train come to get your free American flag bumper sticker too or not as the case may be call fast train today toll free and tell the Todd Brecht what did make that call one eight six six fast train I was standing there one day not thinking I would die from being able to make do Doctor My I guess I should have known what to expect, living in Miami. Which is a kind-up service you've get in this town. I would hang to me too. Follow me. If I didn't need that cross, I follow. Why did you live in these so-to-class? Why could you lose us? Get it right. My power will look locked inside my honey. Can't take my church all out. Welcome! This is the town. This is the town. The Thumbwitian Lucky. 10-10-150-560 WQM-600 votes even on a poll. which of these best describes South Florida we asked on eorgias.com. Banana Republic 104 intellectual wasteland 86 land of Crooks and Snook 76 land of Sun and Fun 59. Haven for rubber rafters 54 out to our funeral parlor 52 maggot magnet 40 and paradise only 29 says paradise huh that sounds like Mosul audience here's a call from a sweet water hello yes sir yeah actually I have to say I'm from highly I'm just hanging out to you I'm my tag done that's okay real quick forgot about all this war talk let's get some important like hammering no I'm talking arrogance and secluded I just a pain in the ass to listen to he's also grammatically challenged did you know yeah whatever call it whatever call comes in on the cell phone he goes uh whatever in a mobile now you know absolutely okay great 567 0560 pound 560 sounded like he was in the middle of a cluster fork to me whoever that kid was of course a lot of those going on in sweet water huh 565 we got many open lines and I'm in a secure here I think we may have a real problem you know I have to play that third bit again here's a call from Orlando hello I know yes sir for two weeks I've been wanting to mention this to you months ago you were talking about somebody from westward one wanting to sign you up a contract for that's interesting history yeah months ago well oh yeah my peers the right wing ass holds the hanities and that that whatever thing Michael savvy do these guys make me sick yeah I wish I know you said you were the end of your contract but and you're the voice you need to get out there right yeah I called my lawyer Norma can't he's busy doing bad drugs also calling up and see what he's gonna do for me hey get up your ass Norma yeah good luck thanks for the all okay good luck to me pal Norma can't pop pop pop pop pop pop pb go see a baseball game on Norma be out there for opening the day go watch the ball game and no call me again okay unless it's a major emergency unless it's like the end of the world don't ever it's in fact I'm gonna make a list sir so I'm gonna make a list of people don't ever call me again pb Lenny Norma can't unless it's a major emergency and something that has to do with me now something has to do with Greg reads got a problem with this one or something I don't care that's their problem okay better than than me I've already paid my dues pd Lenny Norma can't who else well I have some suggestions yeah but yeah man see you're gonna say remor yeah that's terrible remor no that's bad by the way Jeff Cohen was in here this morning he lost about 80 pounds what happened to him he could as hair off no I must be must be like Samsung what if it's him they would Samsung the lilac could off his hair and a uh with it away he's dating or at least he's always they said he isn't getting laid he's trying and of course anybody that looks like that my gut he's a shadow of his former self he had a gut and he said that this war has really hurt business everywhere as if that's a big surprise it's not good for minutes I'll tell you read look at that to $134.5 and as the x-town 21 not good the dow is hovering just over 8000 little ended a under 8000 I feel just have the feeling my psychic kneel feelings again MSNBC what kind of prop oh it's been oh Schmidt rock saying this will now become military policy to use suicide bombers and praising this action quoting the Palestinian brothers or I should say comparing the suicide bomber not just to the Palestinian brothers the US in the meantime says that if unarmed vehicles or armed vehicles that do not stop after five seconds they will be fired for sure we expect a number of wise Brian who say they are relieved in one sense that it is not their loved ones who have been killed but one also telling our producer the third infantry division is one family there you go suicide attacks you ain't seen nothing yet is what they're promising we stir the hornets that's the needle usually happened crap bad crap here's hollywood hello any how are you okay sir let me start out by saying sir that I defend everybody's right to their opinion right I'm not that I'm on the side I really want to support our troops completely I really don't believe in every excuse that's been made for the war but I just feel that the protesters I don't think that anybody who is not a registered voter should have the right to go on the street and protest why is that why is that because if you're not going to make the difference if you're not going to go at the next election and change it then you should have a right to complain about it if you didn't make a difference let's say let me ask you this how about the people who did vote in the last election and got this in franchise anyway no this is believe me I agree with you so I want what the other one else voting got to do with it because there's people out there that are out there complaining about the fact that our government that our president made this choice to go into in there but they didn't do anything to keep them out of the office in the first time I mean all the voters stand with his saying but they stole the election anyway so what difference does it make but they have the right to have the ability to do something in the next election right because if they sit on their butt to get in and I'm going to ask for this my my my psychotic friend let me ask you this what is it that the Democratic Party is going to propose in the next election what loser are they going to put forth in the next election to make sure to ensure another four years of this insanity in the growing American Empire listen I I've had no agree with you I know that we have very poor choices when it comes to it that our political parties are very weak when the choices are they offer us very weak and very poor unless we do something about it I mean what who are we to complain sir when the parties don't put forward a candidate that somebody wants to vote for that doesn't disenfranchise them from going out and exercising the right to assemble in the protests whatever it hell it is I agree with that I'm not saying that that but you just got through time you that they don't unless they voted or a registered voter they got no right to protest on the fact that the matter is they do unless they're willing to make the choice wrong if around wrong wrong sir wrong wrong and when you have nothing to vote for when it's a total waste of time that doesn't mean you just throw your hands up and you see protesting is another way to change the system just like in Vietnam Vietnam wasn't about an election Vietnam was about a country that more and more started getting the truth and the media finally after years of slaughter finally started catching on how about if you pay taxes you have a right to protest and open up a big mouth I see how about teenagers they have paid taxes not pay sales tax yeah in Germany I didn't let me ask you this are people asking the children in Iraq if they pay taxes the ones that are getting slaughtered the ones that they've been blown up the ones that are breeding and all that the asthma inducing air all that polluted crap that they're not variants and they're never going to like it I see they're going to love right when we're done yeah when we get done making it all the way this is an offer they can't refuse remember what Michael said to okay or I was the other way around the case at a Michael and Godfather one presidents and senators don't have people killed Michael yeah now who's being naive okay spell k however you like huh now who's being naive 9 11 50% of the American public think Iraq has something to do with 9 11 and they have anything to do with it no none zero zipo this isn't a war about terrorism or about any threat to the US or Britain or to Albania or Poland and then that's the other thing that really crashed me up every time they do the briefing the general gets up there like this morning and well they coalition continues to be very strong we have 49 countries that are 49 countries that have put their name on a piece of paper and a whole bunch of those or more a bunch of those want to keep it quiet wait a minute they don't even want their name is mentioned they're so embarrassed well you know it won't look good why what the fact of the matter is you got a few poll locks in there you got a couple of Albanians about a few to forget the arrest regions whatever the hell they are the fact that they're there are no people other than Polish and Albania there are no even Spain and Italy with their browsing endorsement and spread the fact that 80 or 90% of the people most countries are against the war even Spain and Italy and troops none zero count them count them none US Britain a few poll locks that's it Australia and a few Australia if you ask you from down under that's it but we got 49 countries we've got Las Melvinas somebody else Salvador Mozambique Madagascar they're just making names up there and he even said they say long which is only but he said now Sri Lika they don't like us that little turd on the bottom of an in the his ass and the Indians by the way pissed off and fired up to yeah and i think they're starting to get the same idea well it's a war pro of her of our preemption guess what we're pissed off of your friends the packies okay we're gonna fire them a little a little a little a preemption will send them a message like Joey Zaza will send him a message by the way Brian series has got a pop at a park nice going Brian and that was him that called it they found out very unburied burst and Jay series my friend Jay over there pop at a lot of you one proud daddy out here that Brian series put on another performance thirty night five more winners at pop at a park to like so which i can't begin to tell you and which said oh Kevin warmed up giant about to me but I'm a enrich continues being full of crap great guy but full of crap hit a big night though he month up and i'll tell you the whole race by race yeah hit the three over the six seven he's the four six hundred nineteen i want to hear what the mad dog has to say about the any Jones i'll tell you that right now i want to see the mad dog grow up here and see whether we do have balls between one and three on a station six hundred nineteen votes which best in the scrap south Florida but i'm a Republican in twelve