The end is you have the stir about the U.M. A rape the gutter got raped by another guy. Oh Jesus, tell me that one, Neil. I don't know that story George told me the Angel A Rae was laughing about on channel 4 this morning. We've been scouring to find the story and we can't find it. I haven't heard anything about that at this place. It's been just fascinated with the Bill Parselle's win last night. And the word that I'm hearing is that Moe is jealous is what I hear. He's so jealous that he stole all the papers in the studio this morning. He's so cheap. I cannot believe he took the newspaper. I mean, it's spent 35 cents there Howard. I'm doing my spend. Old New York Jew is that we see a seat of the newspapers. We have to be his age when you get to be like close to 90 and you move to Bokir. You're supposed to be cheap and old. Listen, I need some advice. I'm doing my receipts for my trip to Vegas. Is there any inside information I should know when you do? Yeah, I'm playing. Can you show me the story? I started talking about your receipts because money is the name of the game that I guess who's getting screwed speaking of the story we're just talking about. Guess who's getting screwed big time. Your close personal friend Scott Juniors taken it up the back home from the Beesley's and Greg Reed and Clarence and all these liars at our radio station that we're going to go on a campaign. They don't want to pay him. I have no comment. I was going to ask you about the they've already asked me to shut up about that issue. But and I answered their request. But my question is when you do your numerous. What do you mean they've, you know, let's say let's say that. Listen, I answer every question you ever ask me. Every one of them, I'm not a freaks inning. Who the hell do you think when they're in platform and you get with? Right. Okay, I've already gone in there so many times and said they're doing them that they finally told me to shut the F up. Did they really? Yeah. Well, I told him screw you guys. No, I didn't you listen. I'm going to eat a steak today at Shuelas. I got I got two grand in receipts here. I got two grand in receipts here. I need to know how to do this so that I get put it all in. There we go. Don't even leave it. I can kind of money. They're paying me and I have no idea why. But when you're making this kind of money, I don't put anything. I've paid for I got my own radio. Yeah, I don't. I've paid for everything. And so I started working here. I've paid for my paper. I've paid for my toner. I've paid for everything too. But it's not like I have to pay for anything because this place is a dump. But I don't have any when you kind of money make them paying. Yeah, that's right. The beastly still had the first two nickels they ever earned. I believe that. The only money that they ever spent was up by the band you so they could sit up in the tree or nobody will be able to come back to me. I'd love to see that. The guy in deliverance that was one of the beastly. If you want to stand it. I saw that movie irreversible about the rape. You talk about the rape on the UM campus. You should see that movie that George turned me on. Do some chicken rape. My god. I started. I was on the airplane. I thought I was going to poop my pants. Let go. I got the a playboy TV cranked up here. Just in case. Anyway, I'm sorry to hear about your colleague in there. I've been fighting for many years for the better hood of my civilian friends in colleagues. I've heard of losing Scott Junior in here. I mean, look, let's face it. He's running to move the Tampa like they give an aff if he moves the Tampa. It's not a new position. We already had the incoherent one before who was getting paid. Believe it or not. I mean, the guy that I did to receive his life. Exactly. That's the one we had to fire his ass. And so we brought Scott and they're in his it's the same position. But now they're saying, wow, you know, they're all these budgetary cuts that we can't put on. He shows up every day sober and produces. We can't put a trained monkey in there to do the job. Only probably be a little bit more conversant. I think he should let me live in your house and plantation and take care of it. I think the guy that's taking care of it now is not doing an adequate job. I think you need to give me the Corvette in the house. I'll only stay there when you're not in town, which is always. I'll give you a quick answer. No. How about I offer you a bunch of money? No. How about I clean your car every day for the rest of your life? No. You could lick the car. How about if I sent you 16,000 clandike bars? I can't afford to have a B. Generate like that. How about I buy you a Toronto Maple Leaf season ticket. That was the kind of debauchery because I gave you an addition to hockey. hockey news and ticket ride magazine. In fact, that's the only reason they hired you is to make me look better by comparison. I don't think I want to do. You only broadcasted in America they could find who's more perverted than I. I just want to contribute to the greatness of you and really I don't know how to answer. But I want to contribute to a beautiful ball now the suction so heavy duty I have to make a quick run. No, no, you only get that looseness at how he's baby. Yeah. You know, you're joking about that, but the truth of the matter is, do you remember when I was down there the week and they brought you with no because you were paying attention. They brought like about 70 strips of bacon with my name on the way. Whatever you had it all over your face and I ate all of it. I know that was in the past. I still not recovering from it. I've pride my gut. You see me. You see me. You're killing me. I eat with no utensils at all and I drink syrup. Yeah, this is the only guy that ever saw he pancakes and waffles with no. Yeah, when I go to Canada, I just stick my lips on a tree and I just suck real hard so that I can have just maple face. I don't want to screw up your lunch at Chulas today, but I actually a little bit reluctant when you go into a restaurant and they bring you the menu on a football. Doesn't that like kind of, I don't know, even a sports nerd like you. I'm just concerned that, uh, they, uh, they, uh, they, uh, they, they're like, they're like a police twin club board. They served dinner and going in and they bring you like, they bring you the menu on a gigantic penis. You think that, I think man, it's just going to try to push Michigan on. You can throw in back with these. He's always getting ahead of himself. I never actually had a football in my ass or a large penis near my face. Right. I'm thinking, I don't believe that. You've never had a large penis near your face. Not not not really near my face. No, I haven't had a large penis near my face. But I've had my penis near faces. Yeah. I've delivered a couple of, uh, as I call him before, uh, you know, a surfboard, Stinolip. Yes, Jo's called Stilip. About old trolls, uh, when you come. Who's, who's, who's, gosh, Della? They got a fix, there's nothing. Right? You look like a Stilip. Oh, I think man, uh, we got to get fixing in here to put up our new Oreo basketball. We got Oreo's coming out of our ass up here. Don't you like chocolate sugar, man? What about Scott Juniors? You think we can salvage this deal or not? Come on. We can even mention lawyer or he's threatens to move. Dumb move. I think he should, what we should do is, um, I think he should just start sleeping at Dusshouse until he gets money. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Charlotte Dusshouse tonight and tell him he's hungry. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's how he ended up. That's how he ended up. I don't know what he meant. I think he should fucking grade. He should try to get into the back seat of Clarence's car when Clarence's dry. He should climb all theirons on. Good. I think that might get him in tight. I think he should ask Clarence if he wants to go to Shulis today for a stay on the a Beasley credit card. Yeah. Maybe they can cheer some Tinder meet. Yeah. We'll be great. Cause I'll go over there and rack up another big bill that I And turn that in on Jen's ass down to this. Make those Beasley's Perry. Here's the latest story. Some guy over there and sales accused me of inviting Drunks to the QAM luxury box. Excellent. I never invited anybody anywhere. I don't invite anybody anywhere. You're not full of us. Okay. T-T-T-T turns out the guy they said that I did that to is a psychopath. I don't know. I say we did a rubber room and I can't tell 1030. Have a great day. Hey. And listen. No. Remember. Thanks for breaking a story about the dead guy yesterday. This is 25. I was in the aradios cause I could hear the word asshole. You from the makers of Co-Tents. It's five Britons. Five Britons. Super absorbibly and convenience you expect from Co-Tents. But with three-speed vibrating action now, the turns a week of mood swings, floating and cravings, into a week of smiles, squeals and shutters of delight. Five Britons. Each insert has a built-in mini-vibrator powered by an energizer watch battery that keeps going and going and going. Just pull the strain to change speeds. From. Two. Two. Yeah. So the next time your special friend pays you a visit, put a smile on her face. From the makers of Co-Tents. It's vibrate. I'm ready. Just wait for the box that keeps jumping up and down on the toe. Ten on nine at five sixty wqm got a summer steam of the first hour ready. Nice God Scott. Appreciate the help. Anyway, we almost have to do the first break now, you know what? I don't. Let's go. And we are really pull intensive man. We got pulls up the. But. I guess a lot of you can relate to that. I think this is the aradios. The only thing I'm pretty new is you can go back and only don't have to worry about the words. Right. I'm play voice. You need. Sound okay. Right. Yeah. Sure. What's wrong with that? I never read anything yet. See. See the picture it's on there right now. You do the say hey, I got a headache. I got to leave. And any rate the poor yesterday who's the coolest of them all, which well known person best defines the word cool. And that I have it or what? 1139 votes. Had my thumb right on it as usual. I had the winner. Jack Nichols and by almost 100 votes, 205 for Jack. Let me hear you. Are you mean, no, or locked in.点no ret Tae influed. Cutts. Plefirst t a robber to 0.59. George Carlin 50 Snoop Doggy Dog 41 Scott from Al 34. I'm surprised at that. Was that thought he was Mr. Cool, at least he does. George Rodriguez 23 Michael Moore 21 Joe Perry 19, Steve Tyler 17. That's that's ridiculous. There's Hopper 17. David Beckham, the soccer player 13, and Tom Waters 10, 1142 vote. Lot of votes. Lot of votes. Mad dog ages me out by one. I thought I was as cool as 42 pounds of LL. And Stephen LL. Will you think? Hmm. It's how cool I have it. So anyway, they're here. They discovered the Don Cox past away. We'll get to that. They got a story. Sun Sentinel knows nothing. Even though Muff told me he called Tom Jicka. What do you call him? In asshole. And I said, yeah, you know, Duff for once you write. Don Cox. Hardy. Yeah. Died in his sleep. Yeah. The same one thing. He was only 55. Yeah. But if you're going to go, that's the way to go. When you agree with him. I think that's everybody's desires. Like just just don't know where. Not to go through any kind of like serious illness ahead of time. Well, all kinds of pain. Just all of a sudden one day you don't wake up. He did that or explosion. I was thinking that could happen to somebody we know tomorrow. Absolutely. I know you're doing something. We're supposed to be in 56. You. You. Gang rape is funny. Bobby over the door. What do you want? What are you doing in there? Nothing. I know you're doing something. I've been cleaning alone all day. Well, little Bobby's up in his room. I can only hear his new delp. See. Are you online again? Leave me a wall. Can't he sound holding music from castes? Wop it with his birthday. I don't want you doing anything on the internet. I'm doing my homework. Well, it got to the job. There isn't even yet the story. I am music playing in it. But there was trouble when the Fedor Ratties not the little Bobby's door. I'm going to get a break. I'm going to get a break. I'm going to get a break. I'm going to get a break. I'm going to get a break. I'm going to get a break. I'm going to get a break. I'm going to get a break. I'm going to get a break. I'm going to get a break. I'm going to get a break. I'm going to get a break. I'm going to get a break. I'm going to get a break. I'm going to get a break. I'm going to get a break. I'm going to get a break. I'm going to get a break. I'm going to get a break. I'm going to get a break. I'm going to get a break. I'm going to get a break. I'm going to get a break. I'm going to get a break. I'm going to get a break. I'm going to get a break. I'm going to get a break. I'm going to get a break. I'm going to get a break. I'm going to get a break. I'm going to get a break. I'm going to get a break. I'm going to get a break. I'm going to get a break. I'm going to get a break. I'm going to get a break. I'm going to get a break. I'm going to get a break. I'm going to get a break. I'm going to get a break. I'm going to get a break. I'm going to get a break. I'm going to get a break. Backhandоме's. I'm going to get a break. I'm going to take a break. Here's the check. I got a 들어가 vinyl piece. Here is the check. Or rather a Jan Neg Hier dormir, a который's selling. I'm going to get a break. This Balamika tail page is seeded teeth. I gorgeous the history. These are the best refresher. died in a sleep on day morning and Atlantis had friend and former colleague Kid Curry program director of Power 96. Cox on the radio as he was known had been living with his mother he was 55. That's depressing to me. Yep. That doesn't sound like a real party. Yeah. He didn't wake up Curry said. Cox's gravelly voice. In fact, I don't think probably for all of us know who that was. But I think there's a little similarity there. I mean for us more gravity than anybody who's ever been on the air But there's a little similarity don't you think? Absolutely. Incoherent little booze Lot of booze. I don't know if any well shows up drunk. What's that? I mean, I don't know that for a fact Cox's gravelly voice and sometimes body on air persona made a mr d d j for three decades in south photo The sunset although hasn't discovered a guy yet even though a muck called Tom jica Tom you're an idiot you continue having no interest in anything it's going on in the local area It's all these puff pieces about network TV shows where they wind and down your little bald ass out there in LA. It's pathetic. It's tragic I mean, even a Harold beats you out by a whole audition. I got this whole story nearby Howard Cohen good Jewish boy Cox came to prominence in southport on y-100 in 1973 when the johns dominated the top stations playlist Elton john. Oh, what what this come from? Elton john john Denver and Olivia Newton john. What what is that? Where like I said this Howard Cohen man. I think he too many steal uh Halavaz He worked briefly in Los Angeles of height of disco 1977 When disco died in urban rhythms arrived Cox followed the beat back to south photo. He returned to y-100 Then the contemporary hit radio power 96 and 1986 In 2001 he ended this hot photo tenure with a brief form on stint at kiss FM kiss country After throw surge, we WKIS chose not to renew his contract and he moved to Georgia to care for his mother It's always said when a friend who has so much talent and who is such a loving father and ice guy dies Curry said in the phone interview from power 96 the two had recently spoken curry seven Cox out and fine He told him hard I feel for his kids. It's just a shock Curry said Cox had two children in the stepdaughter with his fourth wife March Cox Cox was known for his on and off the air addicts He was the quintessential rock and roll DJ said bill tenor what who has previous program director for while one hundred and the 70s and power 96 and 80s hired Cox at both stations I heard the Tanner like Cox Perhaps inspired by TV's wacky sitcom WKRP and Cincinnati Tanner and Cox came up with an avalidea the DJ would broadcast his first power 90s to show live from a top performer Copper tone billboard north Miami Beach remember that? Nope, I don't either Except that the mechanical arm that made the dog pulled bullet girls blue bathing suit down Cockcocks on ahead forcing the DJ off the air into the hospital All right He was always having things like that happening to me with such a character Tanner said personal problems threatened to derail his career However In 1991 he was arrested for drunk and driving had his license suspended for six months in 1986 this is the thing I was talking about yesterday In 1986 he claimed he was beaten by a four men who abducted him after his air shift on a former WNZ FM Now is they that it used to be a I-95 by the way Howard Who you don't know what you're writing about I-95 He didn't file a police report I'm over that very vividly. Let's see 86. I was working at I-N-Z on an AM Okay, and there was this whole strange thing about the claim to be abducted and beaten up Of course he didn't have a scratch on him which is kind of strange in 1980 was charged with cocaine trafficking and served four months Despite those setbacks if you look back at the history of South Florida radio I think Don's name will always be remembered said Adam Jacobson editor with the LA trade magazine radio and records He spoke to two generations of South Floridaans Everybody knows cock sound a radio anybody's been in town more than like five months Right Of course this is gonna get more upset. Oh, here's the story. All right. Thank goodness. All right Gonna get more upset. We're talking about dead people in fact. I'm doing that whole series of polls not the first one We're gonna do today, but the whole series of polls Thanks to two things Mike and coconut Creek had a good poll a suggestion on a facts and the fact that we know that Mo gets apoplectic Oh, the fact that we talk about dead people I know one could be next month. Absolutely, but at any rate. Yeah last time we did that South Florida radio dead personalities think he went he went ballistic And the good news speaking of all of that the good news is since he saw wild about the fact that everybody listens to this show And virtually nobody listens to his is the fact that the trend the ratings are coming out Thursday 11 30 a.m I think it's gonna be gigantic. I really go out on a limb, you know, right? I think it's gonna be big because it's gonna be June, July and August, which is three months of us being back ten to two three months of feral is delayed in and being on as part of the morning show I think we're gonna kick some big big bloody ass even Roy never saw bloody ass like that. So here's the story There was concern on the campus of the University of Miami this morning after police a male student was sexually assaulted Police had the teenage victim who was accompanied by his parents reportedly assaulted the Embassy of Miami's Department of Public Safety Wednesday Well today's Tuesday so this is almost the week it took this to get channeled to news Croll Gables police excrams investigators were called and began investigation Police say the teenager was showering in the men's locker room at the campus as well as center on Tuesday when he was assaulted by an adult male You don't think it could have been clearance to you That says adult male Oh, how about the beast he's a big male I'm trying to think of anybody who's a UN group who might be hanging around on campus lurking in the showers Waiting for an opening In the wake of the assault university officials are beefing up security See it could be the beast they're beefing up Security administrators have also sent out emails alerting students about the attack Student Ali Rubens says she won't be taking any chances when she goes to the gym We're gonna go together to the gym or else I just bring my towel of me or get dressed here She said I'm not gonna use the locker room now. I mean that's kind of scary You go in there and do your own stuff and you get raped at it. That's messed up said student Eric firestone Right now the only details police are releasing about the attackers that he's described as six feet tall with blonde hair I guess that's not the beast Investigators are asking anybody with information concerning this attack to call crime stoppers at 305 471 tips 471 eight four seven seven four seven one tips. Oh, that's not a plan words Is it all good? Well, it's just what it says here. I'm just doing my duty man to try to alert for the man rapist I'm the event campus About six feet tall mowing oh six feet tall without the enemy who wore his blonde piece that day That's good point could be could have been the moment He's bigger that whole rape thing. Maybe he's just trying to get even now for always being on a receiving end That's my dog. I said if Mohan been a football player like you or what position you think he would have been why receiver It's better to give them to receive to see man dog was a tight end. Moe says would have been the wide receiver 26-pan okay, here's the first pool today the other one and again thanks to Mike and coconut Creek You've inspired me for all four days on end What's let's face it that's what this town is into that's the meat and potatoes of this show of life That is poles man. We like our pole Here's the first pool that I wish we'll be up. It's already up there Look at that yeah, they've discovered it and you win today so far who's the biggest nerd of them all? We did yesterday who's the coolest who is the biggest nerd of them all when you think of the word nerd who's name pops in your mind Adam Sandler was my vote Rick Riley Carotop and Bill Gates those are the ones we have under to start with So far Bill Gates got 14 votes other first 26 who discovered the pole was up Carotop five and I'm similar for and Rick Riley's got three Coach I think Rick Riley has a disadvantage because most people don't know who the hell he is anymore. Yes, that's right. Yeah, boy cut it plays a bit We could play I am just might be inspired to do that 26 after 10 at 5 60 WC. You're looking for a really great new play stayed breakfast lunch or dinner. Let me tell you about vicken herbs One of the treasures for my hometown of Rochester, New York. I could throw a brick from arm sit right now in Toronto Across the lake to Rochester right across like Ontario go do it caners has been around I might just try it since 1934 They've been doing it right they're located on federal highway just south of Broward Boulevard at the tunnel on the east side Vickenerves is a flashback in time to what restaurants used to be before fast food all that junk Go and enjoy hamburger hot dog served the old fashioned way hot fresh in fast Dickeners was brought to for Lauderdale by the same guys feeding you cheaper for cheaper Vickeners uses the same fresh 100% ground chuck meet as cheaper for cheaper and offers an incredible quarter-pound hot dog To a big fat one what makes big anders different from anybody else in town? Their burgers and dogs are served with a big signature meat sauce poured on top giving you a combination of flavors available No place else in town. It'll make your kishki sing if you're looking for something else to drive It caners has got lots of great dishes. They got a great breakfast menu Let's cook the order for instance toast pancakes, audio favorite good stuff go buy a vickeners and see what all talk is all about Oh my was so popular Rochester for a Cooenzeige Vickeners there on federal highway just south of the Broward Boulevard on the tunnel on the east side and be sure and tell me old Rochester Anyel sent you by to Vic and herbsancer Neil god oh Well harassment The Shambler Fly on the top for Joe Sporey Congratulations with all the games The win of the game, we're in every one's name And everyone's name, we don't have a clue That it's not true, we don't go down and play When the he finds out the beat is shot National Wrapping Stockings But nobody will see, nobody will see The game's on Judge Gallup The ship was stabbed, got it, a movie traffic The body will see, nobody will see Doesn't touch my shit, yeah Now do you think that's kind of like a silent tribute through the John Ritter essay, silent because it doesn't say anything about three's company But we get it, but we all get it Don't we get it? Yeah, we're doing it, if you don't get it too bad By the way, Scott better get paid Starting our next week, Scott Junior We have this big controversy going on, I got so much other cramp going on here I don't want to leave that out But the beeslees are trying to play fast and loose with our emotions on this show Always try to give us as little as possible Always try to give us as nothing Because that's all we've got We don't do a sports show, that's number one So we're small potatoes And number two, well they're paying me a lot of that money What are paying me all that money? Because I'm making a million dollars, that's why they're paying me all that money It has nothing to do with anything If they were paying Ziggian's the dollars of the broadcast Rice for all these damn sports teams, most of which nobody cares about Including even the great marlins Then maybe they wouldn't have such a tight budget You know what all the money that they're building? Oh, we're the number one builder in the market Yeah, well, how come you're so goddamn cheap? That's the question everybody wants to know What all these budget cuts? Take care of Scott, okay, Clarence, quit taking a lot of crap from Greg Greg's a juicy yesterday was he was all busted up about his good buddy Don Cox pass And I've always got some excuse, you know, do you really believe that? Do I believe it? Does anybody believe that? What? I mean, Kid Curry was a lot tighter with Don Cox than Greg Reed ever Or even Greg tried to rehab and there would have had kids to kiss up anything But in the meantime, I saw Kid Curry came to work yesterday They didn't eat? No, he did, sure they did Yes he did, see? Miss information again Just another excuse to just stonewalling Scott I thought it that all along, you're just delaying and delaying And they're hoping you're just stupid enough to keep showing up without getting paid Well, we've come to the fork and a road, we've come to that line drawn in the sand And I'll tell you one thing, if there's nobody sitting at room next week Usures that can't do both things, you can't be in two places at the same time I can't be in three places at the same time So we could have like just the audio from Playboy TV And those thoughts I'm sure they'll get on You know, I could just load them all along that's just sucking your own fingers I beg your pardon? I could load them all up in one giant break Yeah, we could just take one giant break each I'm sure the clients would like that real good Your spots gonna be one kind of kind of kind of Howard's sperm show One out of about 500 spots in a row 16 times four is 64 right 64 So there's the first hour is all the spots Oh my And then that's what I did do it Get in some money, okay the amount of money we're talking about So I'm burasing me little, that's the really sad part But if we're talking about real money I mean we're talking peanuts Nobody told him that yet Of course they might have to pawn the banjo over there in Naples to get the money to pay Scott That'll look like Paul Shafer This is an excellent choice for our poll today Paul Shafer, how do we leave him out? I can't stand him Although he has a wife, you know, and he's head of a sexual But he's one of the faggyest nerdyest people I've ever seen Paul Shafer Good people you would That you know, that's another great poll for some date Let me forget it right at down People who you think How do you word it? Our think our game, but it turns out that at least they're married or something like that Which is a fool that he wrote out We got time you know what I'm talking about People like Paul Shafer, people like Roblo, people like Tom Cruise, people The just generally everybody thinks it's a fag Great people who you are sure are gay We could say it in quotes Okay, well, I'll work kind of wording, you're not too good on the word Non-specific terrorism, we're unsettles Miami And you wouldn't even hear about this, did you know it? Should I be worried? Well, you don't live in my mother, you're like right on the borderline Be afraid Exactly The Miami police department yesterday alerted the public to the possibility of a terrorist attack in a move city in police officials that was designed to Allay the fears of some residents and business owners who were alarmed by rumors of an attack this week I only passed this long as information we don't want to get anybody panicky In a warning issued late yesterday afternoon police said the FBI had received a threat last week and passed it under authorities in Miami Although the FBI did not consider the threat credible police spokesman Del Rish Moss said the department took it seriously We got What did I do? They have that on the trees Del Rish Moss? Yeah Oh, it's an Australian right, it imported along with the poto toast from South America We got information from the FBI doing the latter part of the week that we should be extra cautious in the greater Miami area Specifically downtown because they had gotten on specific non-confirmed information that warranted and giving us a threat warning Moss said They weren't able to give us anything specific. I want to piecekinder Randy Moss Moss said the threat mentions a possible terrorist attack for today Wednesday or Thursday As a precaution he said police became more active over the weekend, but did not inform the public of the threat We decided we'd step our upper efforts in the adjusting the abundance of caution and not do anything to alert or alarm the public Because we didn't have anything to give them Moss said we won't go with a specifics about what the extra steps are because we don't want to give away our plans The threat received by the FBI was reported by a person outside of Miami said Judy or a whale FBI spokeswoman in Miami Field agents in Miami did not investigate the claims she said or a whale said she didn't know whether FBI or another agency had investigated the tip But that FBI headquarters said it wasn't credible Wow It looks to feel better now. No We passed the information on even though we deemed the information not credible or a whale has said everything is taken seriously pretty much nowadays just in case Just an in-end abundance of caution By Monday, where do the potential terrorist activity at downtown Miami had begun to spread so much that police began receiving calls from alarm downtown Venice people Moss said he'd heard some businesses were evacuated, but police were not involved But he liked that some business were a evacuated How could we didn't look out like that because you're not in Miami you're like almost to the brawler You could run from there to the brawler line No, it's not me The alert issued late in the day said the department would take extra precautionary measures over the next three days to ensure public safety Police asked by me residents to go about their everyday activities said they did not recommend that anyone altered their daily routine However, however The alert asked residents remain vigilant to terrorist activity and reports suspicious persons of activity to law enforcement Okay, remain vigilant City commissioner Joe Sanchez who first learned of the threat yesterday afternoon said the police absolutely Absolutely Good to write thing Any threat should be taken seriously Sanchez said what happens if you don't put out the advisory and something happens that burns us We don't want to do that in other words Joe is saying they we covered our ass It burns Such terrible it tips pletiful since the 9 level attacks often probably without merit or rail a said They think they do it the right things. You said it in the mind when police warning You want to err on the side of caution, but nobody get panicky because just don't have no credibility But it could be today Tomorrow Oh Probably not I think we should evacuate the building just to be on the safe side. I think we should just evacuate Dig one two late everybody take a big dump I already did mine you already done you're right about Scott Scott probably can't afford to take a dump because he's not eaten these days If you pay very much when you can't they got no two nickels to rub together When you're not getting paid by a bunch of cheap rednecks God, it's it's scary And this business that they told for all this shut up about it. Well kind of crap is that you know he actually for all of your bluster He gives out he's at least until you don't know when to back off of your own sin He's got that survival thing after getting canned many many times Absolutely Colestor all lowering drugs remember I thought he this was that Dr. McColle cuckon the killer whatever his name is Yes, that great book about the folic acid and the b vitamins and homo-sistine and I know my homo man But I probably was the best book on health. I've ever read my I'm not gonna go into this because I know it's very boring But it's just passing it along for your information I will put some playboy music in the background just to make it a little more titillating, okay Colestor all lowering drugs may do more harm than good. That's a new British Columbia study and the big thing on a paper is here this morning about it Probably in a papers there maybe rip behind the obits Colestor all of it's like so core and lovestor low. What is it lovestatin and what are they other one never core I heard Yeah, you know the you see him on TV all the time to spend in billions of hours pedaling this crap Just like my doctor my doctor dick was to have me take that zo core, which then I read the side of the side If I say I don't think so and I read that book by McColley Kilmer Calkin whatever his name was what's the name of that book I I don't know it's it's down there somewhere, but anyway the he said that these drugs are all very that the side effects are much much much much more Davis in addition, which it's not the cholesterol that kills you. It's the bad cholesterol So homo. What is ever ever it is Yeah, my system The homo levels in your system. I'm telling you right now But this is just another scam by the pharmaceutical companies to sell all these so-called stat and drugs. Oh, yeah Okay, damn just don't stop taking it if you're taking it based in my account But you might want to do a little reading on this today. Okay, and find out that these another one those areas don't get panicking But when it out check it out before you pop another one of those things in your post 10 41 at 5 60 W Q a molets and names to say is pull we got this other series of pulls We got to read Mike's facts from coconut creek when we come back and then explain to this other thing we're going to be doing just mainly to piss off mo Absolutely because he gets psychotic over the fact we have this gigantic listening audience talking about dead people Well, you'll never guess mo who they'd like to have on the list next I hear you 4,000 guesses in the first 3999 don't count 18 to 11 at 5 60 W Q and we got the mad dog be highly popular the wildly popular Jim Manage 24 this afternoon the mad dog Hank oldburg 4 to 6 30 the Humper with the Rob Conrad our 5 to 6 you got 6 30 Marlins on direct big game Probably the biggest game of the season I would say would you Scott absolutely The whole series is matter. But what about this one you take a monitor time the Marlins have a game and a half lead in a wildcard on the Phillies But they're in Philadelphia in that 705 if they win at their in good shape any K at 10 after debase ball games You'll mark overnight 2 to 5 an AM Thursday 11 30 in the morning the trends come out. It's gonna be a pressure pass Be able to smell the aroma of gigantic stool from coast to coast when that those numbers come out. You know what you think? I think and then of course the month following that like late October when a whole summer book comes out holy crap man Wow when the hour by hour it is gonna be a shower of power And it's gonna be right in there. Somebody's gonna flip his piece by now You've been here me talk for a long time for a kunzej about laments or us and how lamented wood flooring from laments or us is the easy the smart The low maintenance alternative to very very expensive natural wood flooring Laminates or us is the best place for you to find laminated wood flooring from perid or pergo will soon are unifluoring quick step They got all the top names in universe all installed by pergo certified installers to here's another reason why I had to be calling Laminates or us their prices are so low they'll absolutely for you. Put your ass right on the floor Right now you can get their September kick off special for just $1995 that's absolutely correct sir and man just $1995 gets you up to 380 square feet of beautiful lamented wood flooring unbeatelivable and laments or us will make any legitimate written offer to for free in homestimate Colament to us toll free in one 877 7 7 7 33 3 3 I'm trying to get their attention to it. Oh yeah get column toll free at 1 877 7 7 7 7 33 36 What could be easier they give you free carpet disposal free furniture moving a 25 year warranty and years and years of beautiful easy care Laminate wood flooring columnants are us today and tell me a horny old neal quoted to call 1 8 7 7 7 7 7 7 33 36 My local year sport video 5 60 swing Holy mac and on this is Joe ball on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God Green Bay Packers Not Packers Okay, okay, he's always on again. Can we start it over In the IFC Central you have to watch out for the upstart Cleveland bronze Bronze What the fuck is a bronze I How about those New England guys look for things to make you to something like that I was growing up in England right in Birmingham blue board family I'm the Prince of F***ing football God I In the NFC you have to like the falcons the bears the Panthers and lions Jesus Christ. I feel like I'm in line I can soon we're always f***ing falcons and Panthers and shit is just football of mutual of them as wild f***ing That's all we're doing the cue card man. What do you want me to do about it? I just 10 48 is 5 60 WC There's a some really nifty bleak that was one there was not night I listen to it about several times Trust me it's in there. It's in perfect. Yeah, anyway, so We had this facts from Mike and coconut creed Mike you made my whole week thanks to me go you're the best It says with the passing of Don Cox which the send will have nothing about of course and you're right It brings to the forefront the pool you did on dead soft photo personalities the one at pissed moa so bad Absolutely that pole was like an omen Why not do I completely comprehensive dead people pull and post the names on your website? Thanks, Mike of coconut creed. Well, Mike of coconut creed you inspired me not for one pole because anybody could do that But we can kill like days and days with this stuff like we do those great music poles. Remember those days of course those heavy days one hit one turn. So what we're going to do is let's see we got I got four different categories of dead people and then we'll figure out your best. They'll have like a dead runoff and dead people's runoff next Monday Okay, okay. I think this is great What's wrong with like like and dead people even though especially because it pisses off most so much We like it record breaking totals on there just to show them how do we hate his old crusty ass We're celebrating these people we're celebrating these people We're celebrating these people's existence. Okay. You live. You do your thing at any a dime when people remember you enough to send a very best and say hey, that was a pretty good guy or whoever You know this we aren't getting any women on here though. It's just dawned on me when I said good guy because we're not saying man But anyway we're dividing into four categories politics actors musicians and famous others right actors including like music TV anything famous others could be like inventors right Thomas and heroism in random heroes Ben Franklin right Eli What is how he like Whitney you like Whitney wasn't been pretty good a politician though. What do you live? He could be neither one what was Elias how what he invent the sewing machine I don't know that was singer He's it was a singer well, I guess I'll have to be under musicians Seriously, what did Elias tell him any Eli Whitney invented the cut in the gin mill cut in gin cotton gin and what about Eli? Well, well figured out we'll get to that somebody see that's not pretty any way that when that one's for Friday So the one we're going to do later today who is your favorite dead political figure now? Of course you realize that there are like Zidians of names that can go on here, which is the idea it's great. It makes it easy for you folks out there because we realize that especially the dog days is summer. It's like the end of summertime The people have gotten no material there's nothing going on Right and as a result this makes it so easy for our callers. Now people are sending in um Thacks is for that gay pole that we don't have worded yet. You want me to hand on to him or uh No, no, that's for nothing that's for another day. I got we've got poles up the ass here today, man Go, wow, I'll make a pile of these okay before we get to this there are a couple of things. I was the first one to just escape me with so goddamn important. Oh, man You did it to me I had something like Earthshaking that I was gonna do but my Alzheimer's in a career in Africa US nowhere near capturing bin Laden. I think this is worth the past and long Two years after the 911 attacks on the York and Washington the US is not even close to apprehending chief suspect Oshama bin Laden news with magazine reports In this week's issue the magazine setting US defense department officials said the US had few clues to bin Laden's were abouts and Army officers believe they'd have to be very lucky to capture him That doesn't sound too uplifting, does it? Unable to infiltrate al-Qahdi US officials said bin Laden had stopped using satellite telephones and land mines Making him even more difficult to capture months after El President they said he wanted bush Uh, I wanted bin Laden dead or alive The officials also in order that with the US occupied in Iraq and Pakistan's president moved a professor We share a report about militant Islamist There were no large scale military units tried to track bin Laden down And Yadi Yadi, Nusweek said military officials were also worried about whether they had enough troops for current task Giving to Kleinian re-enlistments by frustrated reservist and national guardsmen The article said officials worried resources have been taken away from Afghanistan to support Iraq operations And this had lost the vital US intelligence in Afghanistan from the beginning We fops at one fifth group officer who fought in Afghanistan from the beginning. We f'd up he said, how do you like that? There you go But we had to have this operation Iraqi freedom bullcraft okay, so that we could like thin things out water things down in a meantime We can just dramatically and the supposed war on terror that's supposed to be saving all of our answers you keep forgetting what's that? It's worth it. Oh Say I guess to the people I guess to Hallaburtan and back down. Yeah, and a bunch of dicks in control of the country I'll guess who else died now you're not gonna know who this book a Brian will known he's gonna be very upset If he doesn't know this already You're not gonna know either Mike Stoky You die do you have any idea who that is? Absolutely no no 1940s TV host of Ramhtania people are diamond it's bad People are dying like flies they're dropping all over the place Mike Stoky who's pioneering 1940s TV show Panama and quiz Rod Holly would start to the small screen or in one of these six original anystatch wets his daddy was 84 That I would have thought he'd been a lot older than that like about 120 Mr. Stoky died suddenly in Vegas following along you'll have said his daughter Susie Stoky What if the kind of the issooky people at the restops love the tappy? Oh, I love their peanut pearl Oh, don't you like the candy of peanut it'll just rot your teeth out man. He can logs. Oh, yeah, I like it my teeth. I want them logs Panama quiz literally introduced Hollywood of the TV industry mr. Stoky told the times in 1998 It had a century after he first was hosted the show I had star after star make their TV debut Marilyn Monroe Jack web people were totally fascinated They never seen these big tall tigers except in the theater Here they were actually laughing and joking like real human beings The program renamed Stubbed the stars in the 1960s began Hollywood on KTLA in 1948 a year later when national on CBS It remained in production on various networks NBC do mod ABC and incindicated form until 1970 When the Emmy Awards were launched nominees were limited to programs produced in Los Angeles County and carried a one of the arrest force stations only six trophies were handed out Mr. Stoky was nominated for outstanding personality but lost away KTLA colleague ventriloquist Shirley Dinsdale He did receive an Emmy for producing the most popular program pet among quiz which one out over nine other nominees The show's format was simple two teams with four celebrities each played charades suggested by home viewers One celebrity acted out the charade three teammates headed to describe within two minutes the team out of the prime of charade in the shortest time one A Hans Conrad was on I show you remember him who you don't remember Hans Conrad? No, how about Hawaiian a game gold just from you and then there was the little French guy now that one's gonna snump me book of rhymes Gonna have to uh facts or call him that what that was his name bepping a few I can track you to lose like tracks now the little French guy who was also one of these of our lives briefly He was actually on a soap opera. He's got to be dead by now. Robert Vary. That's him. How do you know that? Thank you very much because the days of our lives. Oh Scott watch his soap operas. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Now he was also on that too, but how did you know who I was talking about? He just named the only French guy. He could pretty much I think he's been watching him soap operas Oh, hey, he's doing anything else, but you know that that's that's a good open because now a tough and parents will really go to bat for it Gordon gives South Florida a major blow job coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story He began his career in the first transveston rock group then he dressed normally and became buster point extra Well, I got the idea for buster point extra when I put together this new combo First point extra was actually David Joensen former front man for the 1970s cross dressing punk band the New York dog So I'd be busted, you know with the big hairdo and everything Yeah, yeah, and that's great David, but if I'm I could back to the cross dressing thing. Oh, look that was a long time ago, all right. I mean with like suit drawers on here You think you'll start different come on dude. I mean it's kind of hanging there free right women up against the fabrics you're always sporting wood right Yeah, I guess so I really don't remember I can't you don't remember I can't even get ever forget the first time they put on a beautiful lace teddy So I know where you were in 9 11 or what Kennedy was shot will you lay off the women's clothing stuff let me take the bra that snaps out the front When I put that on and then to get my wife to tear it off me. Holy shit, what a turn on It was like I understood what was like for a woman in that moment has the snap is pulled violently apart by breast Well, you know the way to put it liberating the only thing anyone comes close this panty hose Oh, the way that stretch fabric is grips you're not sick my god. All right this interview is over Hey, what where are you going? I mean look doesn't even gay or anything Oh, oh well It's a big juicy shopping with look at show business tonight and inside the behind Oh, oh, it's a second bit just look at this dog 11 on one at five sixty WKM the thing I kept forgetting in that first hour dimension is that you know generally when hurricanes are coming across the Atlantic and you're in Florida That's when you get real nervous about it right well hurricane is a bell and couldn't be anywhere near Florida And guess where they're now predicting all the models are showing the answer if it is going to come through upstate New York and right here at Toronto baby right in Ontario I mean nothing real heavy duty except a lot of rain and wind and things like that and I figure why not we had SARS We had to bad meat. We had to black out why not have a little hurricane Also, if our hurricanes this fact, I think they may have their finger on it. You want an alliance is tall blonde person at the U of M going around squirting guys You left out Josephic he isn't he blind not only is he blind, but we do know that Okay, yeah, he's not so tall though. I'm afraid not no 60 tall. He's about three feet. He's like a monkey If you took George and Maddie Bell and Josephic he and put the money to other shoulders. They still wouldn't make five feet We'd have six. Oh look at this. Here's somebody from Weston who says oh, yeah, what the hell happened to the Harold? They're trying to revamp the hearlts and nobody knows what it is anymore that they're trying to try to do it disguise After a hundred years of mediocrity they're trying to change the way it looks. It's still a piece of crap. Although at least they had the star and on Cox dying Which is more than I can say for this come Sentinel. God, Jika. There's no embarrassment factor there is no and he's talking about how I'm going to keep my touch on the local pulse of what's going on in South Florida from Toronto and Amsterdam and around a guy named Arthur Dora who you kidn't come Man Christ all mighty motors Anyway, this guy from Weston says the poll question could read who is your favorite straight guy with a queer eye. I like that Don't you because I mean it's like in it's hip and cool man like like mo it's hip and cool Oh, so let me I'm going to stick that underneath who we're finding up the polls. Thank you very much See the audience is coming through for me. I guess if you're getting a little bit too much there right but I like that pull ideas We like them. Look. It's not easy as you well know. Oh, God damn they to come up with something different exciting since this has become like the centerpiece of the show is opposed to like sitting here begging for phone calls For somebody in South Florida have something meaningful to say which they're never going to do maybe once in a lifetime I'm finding that quick right we better and it is listed who's the biggest nerd of them all we got a bunch of votes over 100 we got 130 But let's add some names on there. It might be a little more enticing to the audience here's Kendall hello. Why you so miserable. Oh, okay have a nice day asshole Here's Orlando hello. What do you have in What he owns an excellent That was beautiful what he else. See that's the kind that was actually online nine or real call as opposed to the mouth breather that we started out with And his other 85 lines You're an idiot man. You're an imbosil but have a nice day. We like you actually I do like him. You know it You want an awye he's obsessed with this program obsessed He is this this show is his life when I hang up the microphone man that guy's gonna go to the top of the world trade center We're used to be and jump off. It's not for any more. Oh, pal Seriously, this guy's a lunatic Certifiable he ate the only one Well, but he's he's right at the moment. He's the number one There's not even anybody close. No, there is but I don't want to say his name. Oh, oh Here's oh No, not even him. No somebody I don't know about I'll wear vengiosy don't want to see his name. No. He know this no Reverend Jones isn't the one Who are you talking about he had Reverend Joe's called no full times a day no not like this guy though All right, good at least Reverend Jones isn't good on the air several times today this guy does because Scott isn't getting paid He's not gonna work so hard to try to screen a call if you pick oh and let me just also say this about Scott No, seriously, I mean the fact that he's not getting paid are they fooling anybody in there and in In counting and programming that fool in anybody it's on here everybody knows about it's got for else audience knows it my audience knows it It sounds to me like a illegal child labor or something like that so at shot how old Scott about 14? But a lie a little bit. Is anybody care though? What do you oh don't I see now you're starting to like lose it? Don't start sounding the audience of like you want us to feel sorry for you. Okay. That's bad because we know feel sorry for anybody We had the we had that with a previous one. Okay Yeah, I was very good. I was excellent. Here's a great facts from John with a funny name here It's very funny. I think it's funny. It says yesterday. I wish I would have heard this don't you? Uh-huh yesterday Jim Med is came out of a break during a show complaining that there's no way a show can survive when you have to wait through a nine minute break like he does After cursing and raving for about three minutes. He concluded that this was indeed the reason that the first team eventually failed and the new morning show was total Schmidt I wish I would have heard that All right mad dog In conclusion that this writers opinion that the scumbags who run WQM make Bob Hamilton from magic one or two points seven and after birth Ask Cister who's a combative or Jefferson Mepalad radio humpheads and effing genius you are thought I would say you are Excellent facts John. Thank you keep keep the facts is coming. That's right on top of it I wish I would have heard that mad dog going crazy maybe they're the tape oh What is long commercial breaks and how the first team got signed sandbag with that and About how the morning show it see I wonder how Moa can handle that knowing that the guy he's sitting next to of course It's true with anybody He has to handle the fact that no matter who he's sitting next to that person hates him like poison. Yeah, but you must be used to it Oh Yeah, never thought about that before but when it happens all the time Look at that they're just sitting around eating breakfast so far Here's a North Miami hello Hey, Neil What about Bill Gates What about Bill Gates he's leading the votes with 64. Thank you Well he may have tuned in late Bill Gates is on the list. We've got a short list work spanning at the biggest nerd of all It's 64 current top 39 Paul Shaper 17 Rick Rally 16 and Sandra 11 out of 147 votes We'd have a lot more if we get to these calls and put some other names on here, Danut But we're busy with more important things like I could see myself Oh, you know what see what they start talking about I understand that button, okay I don't know is what kind of is gonna blurred out of their mouth. I know what's gonna go either mouth and match her what's gonna blurred out Really what's coral geobles hello I think Asian fort smaller were no, okay good good for him And by the way, I think Chinese are right in there too really It's what I'm hearing it's what I'm sniffing. I thought they'd have a edisteptic kind of arts notice that dim sum Here's Miami hello Miami when is the is And he'll be sure I just heard you mentioned the dog cock's daughter. I missed what happened. What was the deal on that he died in a sleep? He was 55. He was up in Georgia carrying for his ill mother and he just didn't wake up Yes, any morning You too Anyway, take care Have a good day. I'm due to have a good day. Well, won't have such a good day. No because he just found out about it I don't hear any calls about the cock's on a radio by the way. It's typical South Florida you were helpless bastards. No, seriously I mean, this isn't somebody who was on a hundred years ago. This is a guy who was on just about every station in town It was on right popular radio stations. He was on power 96 fairly recently Was on kids very recently and he left his mark on him on the market. You know, he was got a goofball in many ways He was on a Kindle Toyota Informershillette awful show I mean nothing not even a G. I mean this at least this guy that we just talked to at least he sound a little bit Remorseful, you know, right But you work your ass. I can just see man when I croaked in a week or two. I can just see it Neil who yeah, right Front page right maybe front page of the funny pages something like that. Who would nothing? That's the South Florida effin way. They just don't appreciate anything. We give nothing in return. They just take and take and take and take What do you got? I beg your pardon so we can take oh I see what have I got for I got this free you want another one Hmm, Chinese no extra charge if it's free it's for me right oh you know the rimman too huh Here's dear field hello Yes, sir What we have here is a fan fan here to get this asshole off the phone right He must be the boyfriend of the whispering guy. It's not the same guy. Here's Del Ray B. Hello Neil got yes, sir speaking Neil could I ask for my clupa cup on your pole a Nured yeah, they caught I've nerd or dead politician. Yeah. Let's see the nerd sports writer Okay, he definitely is a nerd you're right. Thank you and have a great day. Thank you That's a good suggestion you don't know who that is I don't know is yeah, he's from New York he's calmness and he is nerd New York sports columnists who's on at the ESPN show on Sunday mornings and he sits around at roundtable In fact, they got Dick Shaff's body still popped up on it, which I think is very disrespectful You remember the time Dick Shaff called our show on Io D George yes When that was back when we were cracking there was somebody in the building somebody in the sports department was cracking us And they were they had the list of all the sports numbers from all the different the Broadcasts and so on and they they would leave messages for like Dick Shaff and he's other people Oh call them you arrived your show. It's such and such a time and Neil wants to talk to you and it would call like out of a blue I said what the hell you call him for you know right right? I remember that and then of course Dick Shaff was on the show And then he died so probably not a lot of other people are gonna do that Not let's see apple pie eating nerd poster child Sean Hannity That's an excellent choice that somebody just facts in Outstanding let me write that on the right hand side of my column here Sean Hannity apple pie eating nerd poster child excellent. Thank you very much What have we got so far bill gates and essentially that was your choice and I'm Santa which is my choice can't win them all I had Jack Nicholson yesterday you can't win them all Because it looks to me like Santa's on a bottom any no what he out what he just went up there Nobody owned his one hope we don't have Michael Lupica or Sean Hannity on their as yet I hope it's not as yet as mole would say not as yet You have him hasn't pulled their games from the station as yet because we have that rice and stuff Not just loud mouth you bastard Fag on in mid days remember those days. Oh, yeah Oh, boy, do remember that crap when he was trying to like plant the seed my demise did more cow to LMO And guess what I don't have to blackmail a radio station to rest any my contract 12 minutes after 11 at five 60 WQM if you're underpaid overworked like poor scot there Who's just being treated like some kind of a lemon like some kind of an appendage? How'd you like to have a new high pain career before the end of the year? Pick up the phone and call our good pizons at fast train tool free at one eight six six fast train They can have you trained in certified before years in the demand for computer professionals continues to grow like wild There's no better time than right now to get you a new high-paying computer career Fast train offered job placement assistance convenient to evening weekend schedules and don't forget like I keep telling you there are six Florida locations for and south Florida so there's not to be a fast train New where you live fast train offers financial assistance for guys who qualify too So call fast train today tool free at one eight six six fast train say good about it I did end job in a crap old boss say goodbye to that measly paycheck and get yourself a real big fat one in a paycheck to check amount of the weather fast train. Come in and call one eight six six fast train Our phone conversation. I talk to Peter North the other day He tells me your real name is kneel down and he's still ain't interested Squirt's work cookies from Yes Ooh, it's like that. Trust me, it's like the future is black. Now about an endless text with your job. It's like that. Yeah, and now it's time to in and so. Like is it that's going on? We can sing that by victims. It's like that. Ooh, I look at him with a simple head. I'm a vote for right to spread. Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh. Can't find a better answer. Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh. Can't find a better answer. Thank you so much. Hopefully we forget the obvious Ross Prowl outside out of line, I guess. Ross Prowl, the ultimate nerd. You're right, get him on there right away, please. Only Larry King, only the Schluckmeister could've hoisted some crap like that, huh? Oh, we're on a public. All we got to do is roll up our sleeves and that's not the old studies. And do do do do, just roll up our sleeves and do do do. Not a do do. That was Ross Prowl in Bassil, simple and rich one though. And a bigoted one at that, sure. Well, that's what we like. We like bigots like Timmy Brezlin said, that brilliant article I read from yesterday, that might even read that last paragraph again. We're so damn good about fascism. What the, Pray, that. Huh? Would you please? What are you looking at? It doesn't get old. Don't start getting pushing out just because we're going to get on a payroll. I think you're okay. I think we'll get you a squared away. I don't. If you shut up, you don't? You really don't think so? I know you've been doing it for a couple of weeks now. Yep, but not heavy duty. I haven't threatened to like take, drag some people out of the closet, for example. Fascism in the name of security. Here's the last, I don't want to read the whole thing, but the last paragraph, give me Brezlin wrote in news day on Sunday. That this American government of bigots from the low IQ states can run over our Bill of Rights grabbing somebody with no warning in the dark hours is a terrorist act by some singers. The only way to defend yourself is to vote them out those who don't are fans of fascism and Jimmy you are. Absolutely correct. Oh, yeah, let's hear it for Jimmy Brezlin. Who doesn't pull any punches? That's our kind of guy. Here's a fact from PD and NM and North Miami or maybe a new Mexico. I think North Miami. Probably rather be an albuquerque. He says they'll find bin Laden a couple of weeks before the 2004 presidential election. Wouldn't surprise me? Nothing would surprise me. What these great robbers would do to seal an election? Of course, they're their roadmap in California got kind of signed drag yesterday by the appeals court. He's an easy tool. A bigger part. Just a detail. It's just a detail and of course it must be political. Oh, wait. And I got that right here. I just fell into a by accident. Short negative discusses sex and politics on Oprah yesterday. I actually was channel serving in sub about two seconds of that. But as soon as I see Oprah, my channel just automatically moves to the next one. I will not watch Oprah that ridiculous a wealthy bitch. That's fat disgusting bitch. But ever not, he said there was a line. He was talking about the We Magazine interview which said he took part in a gymnasium or gym received oral sex during bodybuilding competition in 1977. There was a line that was just, do you remember the parties are old when free asked? I really don't he replied. These were the times when I was saying things like, a pup is better than coming. He said prompting his wife dressed in long black dress with a silver cross-remounder neck to put her hand across his face. To the comment that her mother was watching sports and egg a laugh and said, wherever unices don't pay attention. Her mother was uniskenny, stramia dea. Pumping up a pump is better than coming. Squirts Court, he said. I mean, is this a moron or one? Now let me just tell you this. Okay. Was it the Sun Sen why tour to that pole was in today? I forgot. Let me take a look at it. It's enough to floor everybody. I mean, it's one thing to joke about in Lampobot. It was a pole and if you lived in California, would you both for Arnold Schwarzenegger for governor? Let me just check and see if it's there. Oh, it's gone. Maybe it was in a hurl. Do you think? Oh, that's right. It was in a hurl. Well, thank goodness it ain't gone. But he was winning out of the first 999 vote. One of which was mine. He was winning like 52 to 47%. Are you ready for that? Hello. Yeah. Good bye in California. I'm a clicking. This hurl has got to be the worst website. Oh, the Hurl comes finally. Let's see. Is the full still there in the hurl? Oh, now I got to figure out which page it's on. You don't want to mean on a website? Right. It's not on this page. You people at the hurl make me sick. You make me want to puke. What kind of a freaking newspaper is this? Maybe it's on the news page thing. You think it's on the news page thing? Although at least they did have the downcock so But you were as more can say for this come sent. I'll jick you idiot. You see the sun suddenly figure out. I'll get around it one of these days. We have no credibility anyway. It's not on this page. Where is my ardo pool, damn it? Do you see it? I don't see it. I don't see it. It was on there. Remember I read it to you. Yeah. I was reading it right for a four year to you. Maybe they took it off out of embarrassment. I would think so. Well, that was bad. Somebody will find it in your sense of copy. It was all thanks to to us. Where would it held our hynat? I'd hide it too. About Arnold. Pumping is better than coming. Squirtch court or something like that. See first you pump Arnold and then squirtch court. Right. That's the way it works. Oh. Yeah. Well, in his case. I mean he did with that low IQ. He doesn't know where to stick it. Here's Miami. Hello. Retar. Okay. Tomorrow. Got a show to finish though first. Here's Carl Springs. Hello. Carl Springs. Yeah. How the Brian Norco. Oh, right. Excellent choice. You know, I'd like to send him to North Carolina and see if he can get a blow job. Oh, he doesn't have to go north your line and do that from when I hear. That's what does told me. Brian Norco. That's what the channel 7 Miss Kamal told me. I hear she likes to dress up. 567. 560. 560. 560. On the AT and what does Don. Anyway, huh? There's our man is Don, no a channel 10. If Isabelle makes a sudden left turn and comes back, which it won't. If it did that, we'd be talking to Don. No. We don't talk to his stereo mongers like Little Miss Norco. Let's see. James Wat. Nobody's going to remember who that is. That's a good choice, but it's the two of the ex secretary of the interior. Oh, I thought you were talking about the steamboat guy. James Wat. No, he did. See you're on the wrong pole. This is good. Now he's going to work. You've been on with pole. We're building. James Wat. He, uh, they, uh, Beach Boys. We're going to do the thing in Washington, D.C. And a fourth of July. He said no way Jose. They're too revolutionary. He's been Burton. The director of freaky movies like, uh, Is he a nerd? Edward Siserheads. The biggest geek on earth. Really? Yeah. Okay. Tim Burton. Get him on there right away. No, we're late. No, kind of dick. We're not in the anchor. Oh, that's a good one. I like that. We're now. We just, we're now. I know who that is. Dennis Cassinich. This is good. I, it says I like him, but come on. And that's very well put whoever sent this facts. Dennis Cassinich. He says all right things. He'd be a great candidate. And you're looking at him with a bad hairpiece and it looked at kind of goofy little Love, munchkin look. See, nobody takes a munchkin seriously. That's what Maddie Bell was bitterly complaining to me about when I was down there. Did nobody takes me seriously. That's true. I said maybe if you were higher than, you know, my knee calf if you didn't, Didn't, didn't talk like that. We might. Or here's a whole list of them now. This is good. We'll do this till about one. And then we'll start building the other one the first of our eight thousand parts. series of dead people just to piss off. That's true. He's talking about dead people. And he's got those big ratings. Who is he fooling? What kind of a show with my show is better than that? Not what the Mad Dog says. Mad Dog says you're showed blows. You know, a rash when I'm hearing that to be poured. The one time I heard Mad Dog make a comment about the morning show, but shortly after it first started when Mo was on the guilty. And he's exact words because I hear him with my own five years. He said, it's a bad show. Seriously, that's a bad show. It's a New York show. It's a bad show. Nobody here cares about the Jets and the Giants and the next. It's a bad show. Right? All right. To be McGuire, David Spade, Richard Dryf is Jay Fieler. Oh, I like Jay Fieler for this poll. I'll see they won't get as much chance since they won the other day. See, they know how to crowd his down there. They wish he washy. That'll stop this week. Yeah, oh yeah, when the bills kick their ass. Oh, that's going to be ugly. A George W. Bush and Jay is sent this list. What about the... Do I think G. W. Bush belongs on there, you know? He's a nerd. He's got that Alfredi Newman, what me worry you ought to be worried because I'm a president and I stole the election. Look on his face. Yeah, George W. Bush. Jay Fieler. I'll work your drive. What do you think? Yeah. Okay. I mean, I can't stand him personally, but not just because he's a nerd because he just, Oh, the close encounters of my worst kind. That was just a sent me over the edge. Maybe drop my jaws. David Spade. Oh, yeah. I want to change my vote, no. David Spade. I wonder, do you think is David Spade? No, he's a cool cat. And Toby McGuire. Mm-hmm. Okay. All right, but this list is building like crazy like tops you know. Oh, look at this. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, not going to put it on there, but it's kind of cute. Oh, I know. Yeah, he's pretty nerdy. This is from UCF County. Do sports nerds kind of how about Hank? I don't pick on a hump or a nerd. Go and Hank's been called many names like I have, but never a nerd. Maybe third. You turn. Not a nerd. Don't forget to humble it on the afternoon, 4 to 6 30 with a Rob Conrad hour between five and six and then at Big Marlin, Stravagan's in Philadelphia. Everybody ought to be under age of their seats for this one even if you don't care. Let's see, the Marlins are what 83 and 69? No. 83 and 67. No. No. They have 13 games left. They've put 149. 86. It is 66. 82 and 66. There's 17 games over. Is that right? That's correct. I'm telling you, Mr. They got 13 games. I know my Marlin crap, even though I don't really care about it. I'm not going to be one of those phony bandjags and jagged wampers and pretend to jump on right now. I'm not. I don't really care, but I think it's pretty exciting. The town is there. Something positive for change, right? Yeah. Sure. So hop on up. I'll ever Chris more used to say hop on this and hop aboard whatever used to say that it hit Chris more hot dog. Hop aboard. I don't think the arages are going to be on this radio station. Remember that day? I like to resty. I'm going to agree with it. 28 past 11 at 5. 60 WQM. It's that time to leave again when the Mac for surems and furnitures doors run their phony and sales. Data Mac for us. If you double the price to offer half off is that really a deal? Of course not. Fact is these doors have to run a sale to drop their prices as low as down a night. You're going to have to sell them each and every day 365 days a year. For deep discount prices on dozens of models from Sura, Silly, tempered pedic Simmons King Coral or Stearns in Forsta, you need to call 1-800 Mac Chris. No nonsense, no baton switch, no house brands, no phony promises and best of all. You don't have to pay a premium for the best service available anywhere. You'll get service like you dream about from delivery team, right? Number one at customer satisfaction in the world. When you call dial a Mac forst toll free at 1-800 Mac, you'll pick the day and time for your delivery with any to our window seven days a week a day and a 10-pm. When it's convenient for you and they'll be there and you'll be sleeping well a first night. I've been sleeping on a Mac Chris in vol. For years and so should you look at the shape I'm in. With low prices same day delivery fee set up and move it's easy to see why dial a Mac Chris. Like I said, it's ranked the best in the universe. So don't be fooled by those Mac Chris show them or furniture store ads. They can't even come close to matching where you get every day from dial a Mac Chris. Pick up the phone and call right now 1-800 Mac Chris. 1-800-MAT-T-R-ES or online at smat Chris.com for dial a Mac Chris. They easy the intelligent way to get to a great Mac Chris and a great night sleep. 5-FLOKO, this is 5-C-T-L. 3-E-A-THO, you're a power-a-B-A-M. I urge everyone to complain to this station. The candidates, all the candidates, have their problems. Push fit it, come running through it and do it. Two in station, two out more times situation. They say that on the station with discounted locations, they'll come down to just one day. Some don't like the way push funds for country. OK, Wesley Clarkson, by the way. Good. I just came over from CNN and Wesley Clarkson, a race. Very good. And you just passed me the Don Cox information here. Let's see. I'm Greg Reed, I beg your pardon. They're voting right now on that FCC resolution, as we speak. The Senate? Yeah. The Senate's voting on the FCC resolution, where Michael Powell and the other grave robbers are on the FCC. One, a loose enough to regulate, so that two or three companies can own. Almost every goddamn TV and radio station in Newspaper, America. It's on the C-SPAN-2 for those who care. Oh, I got that on here, simmer, but I'll never find it. Wait, let me, let me digital around here and see if I can find C-SPAN 1 or 2. And I just didn't have to request before he left. I'm just present, but we are, I'm possibly on the energy and water bill. It's funny, uh. It's fine. I think I'm getting a better picture than you are. Lady, oh, look at that. Well, I'm on playboy TV. Well, I said automatically of programmed an article playboy TV. Anyway, here it is. Wesley Clark, we charge general with a four star military resume, but no political experience. Decided to date, it become the 10th Democratic presidential candidate, official post, I'm saying, and you know how good he was. I meet the press with him, Russell. I heard he was excellent on meet the press. That's what we hear from one of our callers, one of our chronics. If you saw him on meet the press, he's made his decision to move out to tomorrow and little rocks at Mark Fabiano, a spokesman for Clark. Fabiano didn't reveal Clark's decision, but official post to the former General City told his fledgling campaign that he's in the race. See, America loves the war hero. Like Eisenhower, for example. Right. The difference being a Wesley Clark is like articulate and could put two words together, whereas Eisenhower was virtually illiterate. But he had a lot of interest. A lot of interest in what was going on. Clark's decision came as Democratic strategists, more on a country gathered this small, low-slung brick headquarters in Little Rock, Arkansas, at the banks of the Arkansas River to discuss strategy for muttigate late starting presidential campaign. Fabiano, you served as a spokesman for former vice president, Al Gore's 2000 campaign, is part of a cadre of former Gore and built-in advisors, or an hour-rounding behind Clark. How do you like that? Clinton had urged Clark to win or the race, but needed he nor Gore's expected to take sides in the primary fight, but nevertheless, you can see the fine-fingeral slick woolly in there, and maybe Al Gore too, pushing the general. That's a big busy finger he's got. Right. Oh yeah, you've never seen that crooked finger. It's shaped just like his penis is what Monica said. Right, right. Did he say he won this smudger fingers, have you seen it? No. How do I, I guess I better separate the segue on this information. 235 votes, who's the biggest? See, I think you were right. George hit it on the head before the show. This nerd poll is too important to like short-change it, right. It needs to be on overnight. So, which is great, because that postpones the other day. Tell them, are we? What are you rushing for? Nane. Russian? Panama, is he Peruski? 235 votes, so the biggest nerd of them all billgates. Yachachupiva. Goodbye. That's what you're done. Up yours. Now, Bill Gates 88, Caratop 53, Rick Riley 24. I haven't even played no Rick Riley material yet, but I will. Paul Schaffer 24, what he all on 60, that I'm seven, 15. Sean Hannity, six Mike Lupica, four Brian Norcross one. And Ross P. Row one. We haven't put on yet. George W. Bush, J. Fiedler, Richard Dreyfus, David Spade, Toby McGuire, Dennis Cassinitz, or Weirdal, or Tim Burton, or Brian Norcross already got four. Wow. Okay, here's the message from Greg Reed, Don Cox has settled a legend in a radio passed away on September 15th. Viewing services will be held in Georgia, five to nine PM tonight, and Wednesday, September 17th, two to nine PM at Ingram, funeral home, two to ten ingram Avenue, and coming to Georgia. I guess this is really, this is for our staff. I don't think this is the general public is of, are they? I don't know, but I don't know. Not not on the Georgia stuff, but anyway, on Sunday, September 21st, is Sunday there'll be a memorial service in Florida for Don Cox, at one PM at the church by the sea, 5096, Reed, Bell Harbor, and following the service, Mark Samantha and Jackie Cox would likely to scout by their home for a bite to weed at 3745, north east, hundred seventy first read, apartment 45 in North Miami Beach. It says, Don Cox was part of the power 96 family for many years. It's always been our hearts Cox on a radio, it'll be missed right, a Greg Reed, who has a soft spot in his heart once in a while. Not for Scott Junior, there wasn't getting paid, but for Don Cox who passed away. Well, maybe Scott passed away. Yeah, why don't you drive Diane Scott? I don't think Greg is at close to us, but we're both making the same amount of money now. Oh, oh, no. That was, if you think that's going to put you over the top, you just took several steps backward. Anybody think Scott can paid this year? No, not now. So anyway, Wesley Clark is going to join in official, just John Edwards goofball from North Carolina. He just announced, does anybody care? No. He has any chance? He's got a bunch of chances when he lay up the nomination as Scott's got to pay a paycheck today. No, no. So there you go. Oh, a lot of heavy duty stuff going on, you know? Heavy, heavy pressure, pressure pack week, and it's only Tuesday. Whatever. Is he still on here? By the way, that Bruce Williams asshole is that crap still on? I wouldn't know. Oh, boy, he had to be one of the most annoying, phony baloney. I mean, you know, I give him all the credit. He made a lot of money with a never answered anybody's question. Well, Bruce, I have somebody left me $74,000. What do I do with it? Well, good luck to you, you know? Just use some common sense on a Tuesday and have a great life. And the time has up now. We've got to take a break. I think the guy that always said, call a lawyer. Good to go to attorney. Yeah, yeah, right. I could do that stuff. Try counter-practice. Have you tried masturbating? Oh, and there you are. I like that guy's good. In fact, I'm trying it right now. 560, 50560, pounds by 60 or pound whatever happens to be in your hand on the 18th of wireless line. Here's the call in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Neil, God. Yes, sir. If you're able to get a hold of the mandate to take yet from yesterday and having about 333-31 in the afternoon is a mandate. Okay. I read. And he apologized to the station sponsors. He had because of the way that the station was butchering the schedule. Wow. Yeah, definitely we're seeking out right in 330. Can you believe what he said about the scourine? Tom's son of a bitch. And also for the nerve pole, as a package of like to nominate Bob Costas and George Will. I mean, they're both. Well, excellent outstanding material, sir, fantastic. Hey, one last thing also on the on the rate case that's the university of Miami. Right. The beach had a story about eight o'clock this morning about Brock Berlin, sweating profusely, a meeting multiple showers during the day. I suspect. That's all blockers. Brock is six feet tall. He's blonde. Hey. What? I mean, you're a pro. Right. There you go. Right. Not maybe he spent some time in Berlin. Bob Costas and who else? George Will. Oh. That little right wing nerd with the bow tie. The little cup fan right wing Nazi fascist basketball card carrying member. Two excellent choices. They're Bob Costas and George. You know, I wish I could change my vote now too. Bob Costas, you know, that, but what's the name of that bit we play where he says, uh, X range. I'm going to play. Yeah. Drill Bob Costas. I can't play that often enough. X range. I love the dribble Bob Costas. Just his head up and down a basketball court. About a sidewalk. Why couldn't it have been him instead of Dr. Bob? Right. No, I mean, and nasty fall on the sign of the icy sidewalk in the York doctor, Actors. It was the wrong Bob on the sidewalk. 1142 at five. 60 just like it was the wrong ex the wrong radio person out of that Croaked on yesterday. Yep. Instead of done Cox and I George was suggesting somebody that rhymes with Don Cox. Yep. In fact, named after one of the characters on passions fox. He was the annoying the hell out of me fox. There are a lot of characters on it show. In fact, is that show going anywhere? No, no, just it's not making any progress. Hey, guess what, guys? Sheridan still don't run to basement. She just had the baby. VIP Sportsburg.com is going to get you out of the gambling basement. That's right. Because it's a place you can depend on. They're the biggest, the best. Unlike these other sports. Both these slipper dicky guys who just Johnny Kamletley came along the other day. 99% of those bookies are located in the jumbels. Of course, the rickety of you ever cash to get your money. So this year, move up in class and confidence with the best. The oldest and largest sportsbook in the needle ends. Netherlands, Holland, Amsterdam and that's VIP Sportsbook.com. They're 100% legal and licensed too. Listen to me. Do the smart thing with your money. Okay. Don't put it in the hands of some shines. Call VIP Sportsbook.com right now and one. 866 VIP bets. Because they are soft voters best sportsbook. Sign up now. Call a soft voter football and backs of all teams. Juice free all year long. By the way, Dan Marino said, What do you say? He said some in Little Report on this. I was reading about that in the local papers here yesterday. Danny Boy sits in a little bit thing on one of the pre game shows on Sunday. He's going Danny stick to the fish. The lips and stick to the football. You want to run on the dolphins? Well, it's 100 to 100. You want to bet their hurricanes. It's 100 to 100 to 100. So forget about the big. Also, it's going to 20% cash bonus. Not some funny money match play bonus. VIP Sportsbook.com. Online. That's where you find them or call them toll free. 1 866 VIP bets. That's 1 866 VIP bets. When you call me sure and tell me right about it here on prestigious sports obsessive neurotic QAM VIP Sportsbook.com where you'll be the VIP. We're sports video 5 C4 2 AM. Yes. I need help. Rick Riley stole my briefcase. I liked the park in his face. That's what I mean, Jake. What gives him the right? I think his wife bought a pilot off to a night. Rick Riley stole my briefcase. What's this trace to the human race? Oh, Rick, you're a smuck. Can't go, Bertsuck. That wheel of meat should also include Rick Riley's butt bump. Oh, Rick Riley stole my briefcase. I liked a part in his face. I could help. Rick Riley, you're an asshole. Come on. It's still 0 to 5 60 W to QAM. Here's a facts from Chris who says this past Saturday was at the sublime restaurant for a lot of hell. At the table next to mine was a party of 8 and orders the only mail at the table was Mr. Rick Riley. I didn't pay much attention. Then I heard Rick as the others at the table asked the others at the table to join hands. As I looked over the Reverend Rick was leading the table in a prayer when the food arrived. Poor Suds at taste and you are. Poor Suds and it says, P.S. butterbomb and a sunny box. He's the mummo somewhere. So thank you Chris for the incredible report. He found religion. Yeah. In fact, what's that other bit? I found Jesus. Oh, I got to play that in the next prayer. So let me forget. So there's two I found Jesus. There are. Just make sure you get the right one right. I'm a stick of Hall of Law. Right. Well, I don't have the other one. Really? No. Have you got it there? Is it under Rick Riley? There it is. Well, what's it under? I found Jesus. You was on the Saturday morning. But that's the Jim Scotter one. Right. Is that the one I got? Yes. Yeah. It's more. Okay. Quit trying to throw me on. Oh, you know what? Yeah. What's my right. Jesus. On a stick of Hall of Law. Anyway, here is one. This is Jerry and P.S. This is a good fact. I'd like to know how many Tom Hanks for your nerd pool. This is one of the most uncool pop icons around. I looked up nerd in the next area. Yep. There was this picture and shown right here. Get him on here right away. And it says I was checking the storm track for Isabelle this morning. I, two thought it was ironic to store a missomphota. Could have end up in Toronto by the weekend. Well, we wanted all man. We want Bubonic Play. We want a very, very, we got we're ready for it. We survived SARS twice and we'll survive anything. The blackout you name it we got it. A bad season by the Leafs. No playoffs. It's coming. Now here's one. It says I love this fact. How could we have forgotten the anxious bow-towering Tucker Carlson from Crossfire, which has been shortened to two minutes. Tucker Carlson Tom Hanks. So we getting these all on there? Yes. You sure? Well, I'm emailing them. George Will. If I'm casting. What is it? If I sound off Mike, it's because I'm emailing. Weird out. Dennis Cassinitz would have been her piece even though he is his lot of stuff that makes a lot of sense. Also to one about Tucker Carlson says PS and Peach Bush, which I like to write. Good idea. Let's get right on it. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon 966 quotes. Who's the biggest nerd of them all? Bill Gates 95. The 35. Caratop 58. Paul Shaper 25. Rick Riley 24. Doing well. Woody Allen 18 Adam Sandler 17. George W. It came from nowhere. He's up to 8 votes already. And if he doesn't have enough to win, he'll steal some. Brian or Cross 6 Sean handed these six Mike Lupica 5. Steve Feathers got a pair of big ears. Ross P. Row 1 and George Will won. Everybody else small that they just so far. But we're adding to it. You're right. This is a poll much to important. Much to mammoth and significant. Right. It's like short change it. Too many nerds and so little time. Here's a call from candle. Hello. Hey there. What's up with Mr. Heito? Hey. Number one of them for David Spade. Definitely. Amen. And as far as, you know, some of the names are naming like George Will. Professional nerd. It's a poser. Yeah. He's probably a different person. Different. Not that I agree with his politics, but you know, Some of you guys put on a show, but as far as up, you know, the political aspect, you know, I would be all I would agree with him peaching Bush completely except who do we get? Chick, we get a dick and dick in the back. So I'd rather have Alfredi Newman than You already got there another dick in the White House. Now we could have that. Well, I'd rather have Newman, Alfredi Newman than I'd rather have the real one Sounds good to me at least we get a few last anyway Actually you're probably right and you're gonna be the rest of the world wouldn't hate us like poison like they do now Well, they would they leave me laughing while they did it right. It'd be more fun travel overseas Have a good one now. YouTube pal thanks later. Here's one V. I wonder if that's Bobby V Take good care of my and rubber ball remember rubber ball my Bobby V. Pouncey bouncy. Let's silly song I land the night has a thousand eyes right back sure the night. I remember still having me Not got into a big thing about Bobby V one day. I remember that no big day a tick a big thing Yeah, I'm not I mean not for real, but it's just he hated Bobby V and I think he talked me into it. You know, are you sure? Yeah, talk to it hating him. Well, not hating him Here are some names that haven't been mentioned. Jeff Goldblum. And he's not a nerd. He's just a grotesque Benstein Benstein belongs on her he's a nerd doesn't he also wear a bow tie anybody there was a bow tie in my in my book is a nerd Right Chris Collins worth a fox in HBO. Oh, I hate Chris Collins worth man. That's good put him on there And he's adopted this new since he's to become a broadcast director's marginal football career ended with a bangles He he thought that this affected way of speaking and it just his voice keeps getting a higher and higher pretty So he's gonna be like guilty Our own oh yeah our own local hurricane who are coins geek josey mr. penis face Yeah Joseph gackie Got it that that promo that we play of him call him that touch now that that has I mean why are we playing that? Do we have any embarrassment level at all? Oh obviously That is got to be all the what's definitive Joe just out of control. Let me sit again good guy His play by playwork is so at trotis there are no words for it and I can't believe don't let me forget to mark a busc for else balls about that Why does he suck it up to Zagaki Is it is Joe is there gonna get him in that locker room at UM My He never gets enough the rape room and in four lotter nails says from the nerd polls speak it of George will San Donaldson of ABC news. That's a good choice another Nerd all I don't know if he's so much of a nerd is a geek But we'll put him in there anyway just because he's got the bad hair piece the worst Sand Donaldson and you know who else belongs on this so Speak in a ABC news how could they have all forgotten who's the show named after now the former David Rinkley show George step on top of us Right is that a nerd or George step onapolis? Oh, how to help you spell just like a sound I can I can do itapolis. I got it. I got it. I got a right here. George step onapolis man He's another one also for the eye for the queer guy that that poll later on A lot of stories about him just like they were about Eric Fleischer with a bald head Presidentally speaking those bald guys, you know it's other guys that are looking for them not women Here's one it's his just the suggestion you might want to read the nation's Wesley Park at a turtle by Katrina Vanden who will be for jumping on a bandwagon Did I jump on his bandwagon? He has a bandwagon. I didn't even know he had one all I said was they was running which I think is a good thing Because I'd like to see the Democrats when the election no matter who to hell is they can there even Mickey Mouse But I'll read this later on. I came to what I'm on here Oh, did you know who this is probably from? Well, I don't know I already know certainly not from the one I was touting Wesley car couple We'd so they there are love or hate these people like the Howard Dean Vager of the other the professional Jew that's all been on a shape Because Howard Dean told the truth about the Middle East and how we ought to keep our nose out of it and if we're gonna stick our nose into it We ought to be like fairer on a fair play level. Yeah, we're ever a curse. Yeah That whole Middle East thing man. It's been going on for thousands of years and I've been telling you folks from every minute I've been on the air and we'll continue telling you it's never ever gonna end You have two groups of people who are who's ultimate the goal is to drive each other into the city You're right a case in the elimination of the other okay murder chaos may him bloodshed on a highway and every place So that's it Nothing else needs to be said And every time it looks like we have you know the road map we're taking a step on a road map We take 10 big steps back Right, just like that fall on our ass But just remember here's here's another settlement here's another suicide bomber here go two more settlements up here Goes more moms and Gaza helicopter gunship right, but remember to God of love It's a God of love amen right. It's probably Good 1156 at five 60 W Qm if you love Good food, but you're tired of being fat out of shape. Leathergic maybe diabetic around the verge of it Balance for life is the answer so many of you have been looking for Everybody who's fat and I know from experience you and skinny people talk about diets and about losing weight They don't know their answer my elbow, but I know it cuz I've been fat for a long long time I mean As high as 266 once upon a time is that incredible at disgusting He always thought some of those fat or pictures from I would be back in the two hundred and forty-one days Balance for life is what you're looking for instead of mucking your mama's other things that don't work those fans the grapefruit diet The assault team diet the army diet the navy diet the Air Force diet all of that crap doesn't work Balance for life is working for a lot of our listeners and the beast is those made on the game too that we finally They'll threaten him with death if he doesn't got the crap There's nothing account no calories no carbs even if you're stupid even if you're like on the side of it because there's no cooking no shopping No cleaning nothing worry about except filling out your your little menu once a week They have two choices for every meal and snack every day to try to program and they did they deliver right to your door No matter how lazy you are this can more purpose. I deliver to your door to your work to your home By 6 a.m. they're little black sack and in your sack all the food you need for the whole day Three gourmet meals totalishes snacks all made with the best freshest ingredients nothing a frozen no artificial ingredients No preservatives no chemicals no crap So let balance for life. I've helped you lose that way once and for all get in the shape and start seeing results on the scales Within a matter of days and of course the fastest you see the results the better you're gonna stick on a program Balance for live column at 9 5 4 5 6 8 30 2 29 9 5 4 5 6 8 32 29 or visit their website at balance for life.com This Dick Cheney I like to relax by having Mary Magdalene massage my balls while listening to the new Rogers welcome on our You Was on the Saturday morning and exactly not a four but nothing to the prepare me when I'm not done rally Storn he was crazy He was gonna be in the Need a moth and he was just about to put a candy into the macro way I Seems the bathroom and he said he didn't care he was reading the Sun's Sentinel He and his underwear. I looked above the toilet where the towels used to be and there was Exit crucifix of things for all to see I didn't see salvation I had come to mold alone But I Found Jesus in Rick John Let's grow the roggie All right! The... The... The... Back at you. But, loads back at you. What we haven't heard at a long time? Who I should point out to you is smokes maybe like one cigar a month he told me. Right. These are the good scant going. Cigarde! Nice yellow suit. Yeah. Back at you. Oh brother, what a rip off what a con artist. When you start stealing a material from Rick Ryle? Uh-ho... Although that was a done in Mike. We were talking about that just today, remember? Right. They stole payphone, challenge, I call it telephone booth challenge. Donin' Mike! Ah, blow! Right. The big one. Press got to be done in my fan, I think. No. You not? Why? Why said that to you the day, I've played that. You've got very upset, in fact. I think that's what prevented you from getting on a payroll so far. We're postponing until you admit that donin' Mike below. Where did you know Donna Mike from? They were up at any W for a short stint and it couldn't have been short enough. Notin' Mike! Ah, blow! Yeah, they were stealing everybody else's gig. Everything that anybody else was doing they were stealing it. Matt, chronic facts from Matt says, hey Neil, my vote is for George W for Uber Geek. Especially when you did the fighter pilot dress up thing just because they dress up like Superman Halloween time doesn't make me Superman. Just because you put a cape on doesn't mean you like chicken. See the attached image of the actual GW Bush fighter pilot doll and more realistic George W Bush, Brad Boy doll, loving kisses. Thank you, Matt. And the beautiful thing, this is a great picture. You know, I'm a female that guy to see if we can get a clean copy for the sight. I like that. Yeah, the A-wall photo of George and Kewana 71. He's historically historically accurate action figure. But the way he's done, you know, Brad Boy, I beg your pardon? I'd buy 10 if they had 500. I'd give him out. Hurricane Watch stretches more than 330 miles in the ass and of ease of balance, supposed to be right here in Toronto. We're all the best stuff eventually come. Don't long, highway 12. Very little activity that we've seen. You can see a fire engine maybe over there. I'll tell you a note is that all the network these geeks are getting ready to do what they always do. Every time there's a big major storm, a tropical storm, a hurricane. They all get out there so they can stand in the middle of the wild, violent wind and land and look like they're getting blown away. And some of them do. They do? Yeah. Their lives are forfeit when they send them out there. Really? Some people get wiped out. Can I help you with something, Nancy? Oh, I know. I was just... I'll tell you one thing, I'm serious about this. I gotta get the playboy TV off of my set because all of the get-a-all. Show that they got all of the movies they have and everybody in here is hot. Right? Seriously? Mail, female, some in between. I mean, everything out there. They don't have any like very many ugly people on here. As opposed to usual porno, which is loaded with some really unappealing nasty scabby-looking people. Purple scars. Oh, stretch marks. Here's one. This is a Ken Rember's name. What about adding the pull that infomercial guy with a funky grey hair and all the question marks on his suit? He sells books. That time goes. Who is it? Matthew Lusko. How did you know that? It's not infomercial. It's just commercials commercials. Hey Matthew, let's go. He tells you how to get money from the government to like- How do you spell that, LESCO? I don't know. You gotta know about it. We have a bit about Matthew Lusko. And I didn't play X-Range yet. Nope. But I will. Let me write it down. Also, I'm wondering if you ever consider writing a book on your own about the life and times in the arirges I'd paid $24.99. Is Aaron in Palmetto Bay. How about the little more like- About dirt man? Yeah, that would do it. Here's some names for the pull. It says nerd pulled Eugene Levy, Rick Moranis, and David Letterman. Rick Moranis is about two feet tall. Rick Moranis. Let's get his ass on. Rick Moranis. Anis. David Letterman. David Letterman's a nerd. No, whatever. Thanks, Tracy, and Candle, but one out of three and five. I don't know who Eugene Levy is. Some Jew. She was American Pie, the father. S-C-T-V. No, no, no, no, no. He's not a nerd, but then son in what this kid is a nerd. He's a nerd. Yeah, he's a nerd. That's the nerd. Jason Biggs. That's it. That's because I just saw I preview for some movies in our Jason Biggs. He's the nerd. I'm making a fortune being. He's not a nerd like in a negative way, but he just is a nerd. I don't know how he was. He wasn't. He wasn't. What? He wasn't big? No. Okay, so there you go with the listeners growing like crazy. We started with my fault for trying to like jam too much all into one day. Let's, you know, we got, we got a lot of days, man. We got a lot of days. I'm also wondering if we can lottery for 17 million here Friday night. We got a lot of days. I think we're going to start playing a Canadian lottery. You know why? You've catched me for on that, right? No. When did I catch on a Canadian lottery? I thought one year you'd, because you played this spread thing. You, when I was down here and I was notified mail. Yeah, I did catch you and not that much. I don't remember what it was. It was insignificant. But the jackpot, 17 million new vacation should hear even though it's in the crappy Canadian currency, which is only worth 73 cents on a American dollar. They, you get all cash. You don't like, you know, it's not one of these annuity things or you pay taxes. It's tax free cash on a barrel. And here you go. Give it to take it. Here's your money. Have a great life. Because a lot of such a rip off anyway, such a scam to worse bet in history mankind. So why not give you the guy damn cash, okay? Although I'm not, this is no great tax when it comes to taxes. Here you got the GST, the PST, the PN and the SST. By the time you buy, even like a soda here. You go and buy like a Coke, a Dine Coke. Yeah. There's like a 27 cents tax on a guy damn thing. It's just, yeah. Oh, there's like a lot of tax. The GST, the, I don't know what that stands for. General sales tax? I think that could be it. Yes. Or get screwed into Ronawe, I think it stands for. Hmm. Two Naples students and home for wearing Confederate flag t-shirts. Naples Florida. Home at a visa is by the way. Who don't want to pay Scott at the money that he's earning. He's working there for free, which I think he's illegal in the first place. Shame on you people, okay? And by the way, Greg Reid quit using the sympathy of Don Cox's passing ways and excuse to be in cheap and not getting the business to pay this man some money. It, that's an embarrassment, okay? I feel bad too about Cox. He was a good guy. I knew him a long time, worked with him several times. We did all those Kindle-to-Totic commercials to get the information. But you know something that one thing's got nothing to do with the other and kid career showed up for work yesterday, okay? And even Tanner who likes Cox a lot and still does them sure. Even he's continuing with his life. Yeah, that is a Tanner building we remember. It is the Tanner building, so okay. So Greg, you know, we understand we feel you're paying, but at the same time, Scott's feeling pain in his wallet. As an empty, he's got like nothing but butterflies in there like a rumor. Naples, two high school students were sent home early from school for wearing t-shirts, very in the Confederate flag. Todd and Andrew Sloan students at Naples High School were among 17 students award the shirts sporting the flag yesterday. Principal Jerry Brown announced Friday. Yeah, oh, I see. In other words, they were flunting it because I'm just trying to absorb this because I read it a few hours ago. Principal Jerry Brown announced Friday that school's band on the Confederate flag would be enforced because students had argued about the flag. The band is part of the school's student code of conduct. All of the students were told yesterday could either hide the Confederate flag by turning their shirts inside out of wearing another one or go home. The Sloans were the only students believed to building over the incident. My son's toast to support their southern heritage said their father Todd Sloan, who I believe used to play for the Chicago Blackhawks, who picked up his sons at 10 30 in a morning. Remember Todd Sloan? No. Before you were born. I remember Stamakita? Good, but that's good. How about Ted Lindsey? No. How about Mike Nickelick? No, thank you. How about Tony Esposito? Yes. Great gold tender. How about Bobby Hall? Yep. Naples officials see as his sure way to turn off the audience star with a hockey star in an endless racing names like Gordon Fraser Jr. Ray Krunk. Shelley Goodrow. Naples High officials band all flags and set fanets for the U.S. The individual states are called your schools. The bank and now expand to all call your schools at Assisten Superintendent Michelle Lugo. We understand it's a symbol of southern pride. However, the court, who says that? However, there's one of the Ho and Yahoo Palatay. High-Eller? High-Ever? The court ruled it's also seen by many as offensive Lugo said in the news conference. In May 2001, students were in the Confederate flag at Naples High Class with others who were celebrating Haitian independence day. The issue of her has been decided in a higher court. Haitian independence day? I was that way on top of that came in or baby dock. Dot-good. Ooh, dot-good. Because that's a- let's make another list of the worst drug use in all the sports. In March 2003, the Atlanta-based 11-D-US circuit court of appeals held a lower court's decision allowing schools to ban a Confederate flag. The court held the band in restricts students' speech rights. In Scott vs. School Board of Alatro County, the appeals court wrote, part of a public school's essential mission must be to teach students a different race of schools and colors to engage each other in civil terms rather than terms of debate, highly offensive, or highly threatened others. So in other words, just because you're in school with a bunch of other kids and you don't happen to like the way that they look or they're at the carried or the color of their skin or something like that, it's probably not a good idea to walk up and say, You asshole? Right? Right? No, well, they've had a lot of white-to-make friends and influence people in a positive way. Like when you walk up to your colleague who's doing a very early morning showing, keeps getting driven deeper, deeper back into the wee hours of the morning and walk up to him in one or express how he feels about the way he looks and smells and a little ambiance of his person and say, You asshole? It's okay only if you're a. We got special dispensation from the Pope, right? Yeah, thank you. To absolutely. So there's another concept of times as the red next in the deeps out, just can't get rid of that. I'm not just hateful symbol, which I see nothing different between that and the swastika or the difference. But you'll never convince those good old boys, man. Them good old boys. 1213 at 5. 16 WQM. Hey, forget about a symbol on the top of your head, all that you might have those three sixes on there. Wow. I bet you're wim holding it really psychotic about that. Or was it Gregorink Peck? Which one of those older movies was it? Yes. It was the Gregorink Pecker one? Yes. Anyway, if you got like a big ball spot and when you're checking for the three sixes and the hair doesn't grow back and it's just a big shiny gleaning spot there because you're losing that hair with male pattern baldness, Charles Alfieri is the hero you're looking for because he's the best in the business. Using the latest technology, Charlie produces sensational results for guys who need a lot of hair. Want a little bit of hair, but the most amazing natural hairline system available in the world at any price. In business for over 25 years, Charlie's done it for the famous and the not so famous because even a millionaires know that for no price in a world can they get a better look and ahead of real looking here. And everybody gets Charlie's 30 day guarantee after 30 days if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells. If you're not getting hit like 10, 15, 20 times an hour, Charlie give you a full refund. So I have to lose is that big glaring bald spot and if you're all just call today and mention my name you can take advantage of your $200 near Rogers discount too. And don't forget Charlie also services and repairs all types of hair systems while you wait for only 25 to 30 bucks and probably can make that muskrat come alive for you. So call tool free today 1-800-3212413. That's 1-800-3212413 you can look younger and better than you ever dreamed you could again or get more info on his website at CharlesAlphieri.com. My and local year sports video 5-60-U.A.M. Hey joining us from Des Moines Democratic Massachusetts now on official candidate for his party's nomination. I might add. Don't interrupt. Thought of some phone calls you're watching Larry King live. Denver Colorado. Hello. Senator Kerry how will you pay off the deficit? You're going to have to kick back in more money now and by the way we're going to penalize every family in America. Poor Grigief Florida. Hello. Terry. Is it true that you used to work at sears as American? Oh absolutely. You're 19 years experience. Olympia Washington. Hello. Senator Kerry what will you do with healthcare? I had healthcare because I'm a United States senator and I could afford it and that's why I'm going to see to it that everyone in America can't get what I got. We can't serve all of you because we don't have enough money. The reason we don't have enough money Larry is because I party. God new Massachusetts. Senator Kerry. How's that, Ropee? Are you really nice to ask? I'm able to say that I am cured and I want to stay that way. Thank you Senator. We'll be seeing you again soon. Thanks so much. Senator John Kerry now on official candidate for his party's nomination. And so is everybody also. Yes. Here's the facts about that Wesley Clark thing and reference to their other facts right. Ouch. On Wesley Clark band Michael references the facts. So I apologize for my perceived implication. Apology accepted. Obviously I used to turn which is a very negative comment kind of a notation. As the author of the facts we see the early day, I'd like to remain separate from any of the previous facts on the subject as I did not author those. I'm either a Clark booster nor a Clarkator. I found the info in the vented who of a article very insightful, but I would share it with you. It's definitely not a bashing article. P.S. personally I'm quite literally a party jumpers. I'm quite literally also a party jumpers and party poopers. You know what I mean? No. Like Robert Greeper. Oh. So just in case they decide not to pay Scott and he have van loses and we wish him all the best. But I don't think it's going to happen. But a case it does because you never know what these bastards. I think it's he and the he. What? I think it's going to happen. You think what? That he's going to get paid. Oh. Well the way you said that like you thought he was going to get screwed. Oh he has been getting his screwed. I think they're done. He's been getting screwed. Well listen if Zach can do it certainly he ought to be a boy for it. I think they're finished screwing him. I mean, you really based on what? I don't know. I got a caught a with. I know how I know who Clarez is voting for on our poll today. You know? Great. Maranis. You want to win the year started. I said hey Clarez what were you like best for the new year? What's your wish? He said more. Here's the facts from Quincy. You said first great show is usual. You're kicking ass. Well that ass. Let's keep. I think George started that. I'm going to show with all that eating. I was going to kick that on it. And then our good friend from Channel 10. What's your name? Gail Matsau Bright. I know that didn't get any. See because it's such a pretty town because we don't have anybody in town who writes, you know, funny stuff. That would have been a panic if somebody would have written that up. I would have been great if somebody like Tom Jika. Oh but he's not going to do that. He's the busy writing pup pieces about horrible and that were shows. That was one of the funniest things in the history of South Florida television. And for anybody who doesn't remember the glorious moment. They came in now. What was the they were interviewing me or doing a piece on me about something? Yeah. I was like, well, that's something at a verse three who does. Yeah right. And Gail Bright was of course a former colleague of ours from W.Y.O.D. Nice young lady. Yeah. Gail came in a little bit. See sometime before he nice. And she, in fact, do you remember she begged me? I said, no, I don't want to do it. Because I got tired of all that crap, you know. And I said, okay, for you all do it. And she brought the photographer in and they just take me just on the year. Do you do my usual randomly in writing and writing and writing? And it was the summer. Was it the first summer that you did the fillings of us been three years ago? Yes. And that was what Medi Bell, who was the one of the many counter spies in the building for Greg Reid. He was running around. He's talking about eating ass on air. Medi, a set himself up as the self appointed sensor of the New York show with George Rodriguez Hosting. Right. And so Medi became very upset over the fact that you were in. Of course he was going to talk because he was busy harassing some abroad in the building. But at any rate, so Medi was all been out of shape over the eating ass shows. And so they taped the whole thing and they obviously were supposed to edit this segment to put on Channel 10 news. Now, who was the female was it? The Christie Cooper with the cross dies. I thought it was Christie Cooper. Yeah. And so they're going on this thing about introducing about Neil Rogers. Celebrates his 25th year. Yeah, it was my 25th anniversary. 25 years on the air in South Florida. And of course Neil is always unpredictable and white water. They'll introduce it. And here's the clip that I'm saying. And I'm waving my arms frankly. I want to do some time on the dating. I'm saying Greg, trees, thought George was talking about eating ass eating ass. And all of a sudden. We come back and white waterdale is as white as he will ever be in his life. I mean, he is Ashden. His face is what he has for the unfriendly ghost. Mouth a gap. I, uh, buggin. His mouth his chin down was knee. And then, of course, they racked it up again. And that later on came back. And showed the part that was supposed to be on here. But that was only an accident. Probably the greatest piece of tape that was ever on Channel 10 in history. I saw he live. I almost died. Yeah. Oh, you saw it live? He's talking about eating ass. This is like big fun. My, I was fabulous. You had a seed. You had a be there to believe it. I'm sure there's a copy around here somewhere. We have it on tab. Which we still have it somewhere. So it's a joy seeing it. Oh, you love it. To see the look, the expression on his face. And then it came back and he tried to salvage it by, and they looked at each other. Look at it. Look at this belief. Like, did that really just happen to neck it on the ear and like, Well, he sure has something in it. Oh, we love it. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, and of course, Dwight was extra embarrassed because then he knew the word leaked out about him eating and bishops. I see it after she died, which was terrible. Oh, that's why he had to shave off his mustache. Dude, actually, they were going to trace for Anz DNA and his mustache. That's why he had to shave it off. Do you know that? I'm going to peel it up. Up until this day, you never knew that. No. Hey. Anyway, here's the fact from Quincy says first, Rachel is usually your kicking ass. You're actually invited. So I invited. I just want to say this before we the rest of Quincy's facts because I have a feeling that we're really doing it here with Farell on there now with Mad Dog going wild from two to four with a hump or on your knee after noon for a couple hours a day. How much he feels like. But it restructs his fancy at the moment and a Marlon's on fire. I think between eight and a morning and two o'clock at the morning, we're kicking ass with all apologies to June. Mark. You know what I mean? Yeah. So Thursday around 1140. Mark this down today is already Tuesday the 16 Thursday the 18th 1140 name. We're going to be probably saying. We're going to number one. We need a time to remove it. We need a time to remove it. Maybe not eight. But not a minute. But times that we're on this radio station. I think we're going to be kicking. Unless I'm wrong. Now let me look at my drawer here. A whistle of tune. Because I don't really know. And let's use this year last year. Is what one of these numbers are. Oh, this is from last year. I have somewhere I have the sheet that's got the month by month a month please. Right. I got it. You do? Well, no, because we're going to be dropping off May. This is going to be June July and Augusto. See, this trend these three months, which is going to be two thirds of the summer booked. Now the May that we're dropping off was May good or bad. I don't remember. I'll have to go off here. You don't have, you just got through saying you got it. Hey, June was good. No, not June May. I'm not talking about June. I'm talking about my no June was asking. I'm talking about me. What are we dropping off for? Poor no, griffy. Here we go. Numbers. Yeah. How much does a couple of good numbers in there? We want hours. If I knew this was going to be such a big project. I probably would have a great time. I don't know. We got a lot of people there. They were doing the live one. May was not great. As compared to what the other ones. Six four and April five one in May. Seven one in June as you know. So may suck. Right. So we're going to be dropping off a terrible number. The worst of the month. Oh right. Yeah. Thursday could be a try. I don't want to count our chickens before they hatch, but we'll be probably announcing. We're number one. I'm going to have more than a week. Because morning is going to be zooming up. And we know it's going to be Scott. Absolutely. I don't know that for a fact. I'll fetch a most like. I don't know. That was sarcasm in case you didn't hear it. I knew that. But I'm just saying just to be more put more emphasis on it. I haven't bet no. So you think, uh, Claire is going to get more in this year. 12 26 at five 60. Hey, if he keeps hanging out of you in with that blonde wig on his tipy toes. I want to get worse him. You know it was him. And that we were attacked. Hey, when your carpets are looking in smell and really funky man. You know what's time to call dry concepts. If you would call anybody else, you'd have to have your head exam. And I really mean that. I've been using them in my house for well over 20 years. They've been around in town for well over 20 years. And uh, nobody who smart calls anybody else because nobody comes close to the job they do for you. And a very, very fair guaranteed price every time. When I say guaranteed, they give you a guaranteed written price before they start to job. So you don't have to like, pay up and not worrying about what they're going to rip you off and it get finished. Dry concepts now is offering you a chance to say 15% of the next carpet cleaning. Better call him now though, because it's getting me able to summer the dog days. This probably won't last all that long. Just call dry concepts. You'll get a full free 1-800-248-5071. As we put in their stand by list. And then dry concepts will call you next time they've been opening their schedule. It's the same idea as when you fly stand by. If you're ready, if you're available when they have it opening, they'll not 15% off the price for you. And they'll be there in no time at all. So call dry concepts. Today has to be put in their stand by list. They might even have it opening for it today or whatever day you call them. And you'll get 15% off the regular already low price of the job. To want to do pennies on beatable job on your carpets. You're draper your furniture. All these things and lots more call tool free 1-800-248-5071. And don't forget to great work. They do on your oriental rugs and carpets too. 1-800-248-5071 or check them on the web at dryconcepts.com And look, this is 4-205-60. You're going to win away. And beat that jater meat. Ladies and gentlemen, if I could offer only one tip for the future. Act strange. And people will leave you alone. The rest of my advice has no basis more reliable than my own meandering experience. Put a slinky round your neck and try to walk down stairs backwards head first. Sit naked in a large bowl of rice crisps and sing feelings by the kernels go sniff crackling pop. Go up to a tip of booth and try to stick your head through the hole where they say how much. Link stranger. Tell them you're from Bosnia and you're a country at the sign of respect. Take lots of pills. One of them might work. Occasionally ask the stranger that they've heard anything from Lewis. Be annoying. During an IRS audit, staple the guy's hand to his desk. Mone of funeral. Play go fetch with a scene I dog while he's working. Run naked through a mall yelling. Killer bees. Kill a bees. Say the word titty without smiling. Try to figure out who said polysures should star in movies. Don't be surprised if it's the same guy who said John Gacy should work with a kid. Ask an old lady if you can carry her groceries. Try to make a run for it. Disappear for great lengths of time. Try to touch your forehead with your tongue. It may not work, but many women will appreciate the effort. At a high school reunion, tell your old English teacher that your dog's still eating your homework. Ask Mark McGuire he'll take a million dollars for one of his bones. Try to find the secret to Karatop's success. Understand your conception was an accident that your parents got wasted and wanted a few more laughs before they passed out. Try not to lose your finger in your nose. Take a bob-costess and fuss him on a lawn next door. Go on a car trip with Bob-costess and force a disdainess car seat. Try to dribble bob-costess. Ask all your friends and family for forgiveness. Knowing you, you've done some crap that's really pissed them off. Wish no real will to anyone unless you don't like them. Then screw them around their own. Realize anyone who says that completely happy are completely full of crap. Ask a hell's angel if he's a woman or has he always walked like that. Understand that there are bad people in the world and you may just be one of them. Sniff and old lady. Imagine gomarpile and a gay bar trying to get lucky. Do this without laughing. Find what's left of your innocence. Understand it, embrace it, protect it. And every so often take it out for a nice nosh. Caron of not to care. Home while you eat. Act strange and people will leave you alone. What about Martin's short? What about him? Is he a nerd? Sure he is. I mean I like Martin's short. I'm going to be wrong but he belongs on there. Good news. The Republican and the led US Senate defied Bush administration opposition and voted today to recent new regulations allowing large media companies to grow even bigger. How you like that? I like it a lot. By a 55 to 40 votes, a Senate approved a resolution that would roll back the FCC rules allowing TV never stone more local stations to prevent and conglomarts to a newspaper TV stations and radio outlets in a single market. The measure faces a tougher battle if the House and the threat of veto by President Bush. What now? What does it say? The measure faces a tougher battle and the House represent as an threat of veto by President Bush of reaches his desk. The Republican led FCC narrowly adopted the new rules in June which would allow TV networks to own local stations that collectively reach 45% of the national audience up from 35% which was the previous law. One of the new rules one company could own a newspaper TV station and several radio stations in a single market lifting a decades old van on cross ownership. A company that has a cross burning. A company would also be permitted to own two local TV stations in more local markets. The regulations were drawn up on a leadership of FCC Chairman, the anxious Michael Powell, son of our Secretary of State, CELO Colon, I got all these maps here for your Powell. Who? Who argued to rely on limits when necessary to reflect the proliferation of cable satellite TV and Internet offerings as well as preserve over the broadcast TV. TV networks like Viacoms, Inc., CBS and News Corpse, Fox. The anxious fox, contented they needed to acquire more local stations to better compete against cable and satellite TV service. Critics ranging from the National Rifle Association to consumers union as well as Democrats and Republicans in Congress charged that their rules would narrow the choices of viewpoints and cut local news coverage. And they are. That's the logic of the time being. It faces a rocky road. It looks like we're okay for now. Yeah, I know. So Quincy Factson says first great choice usually you're kicking ass. I don't know, I want to tilt your pole to become a jack pole but Ricky Williams will win this nerd pole, plus the upcoming gay pole. That's what you call killing two birds with one stone, Ricky back to back. Yeah, we heard those rumors about Ricky, okay? About him in the Rick marines? P.S. It says somebody just said Tom Hanks picture in the nurse spot and no, it says Factsure looked real good, it's Ricky without the dreadlocks. So we're going to put Ricky Williams on there. Why not? Everybody else on there. If we can put Martin short, why the hell not Ricky Williams? We've got to have one guy with dreadlocks. We don't have any women on there. I guess there are no women who are reading nerds. You don't think a woman is nerds. But generally, but I'm sure there are. If we think about it, such as, I don't know, Jeanine Garoffalo. Oh, that's terrible. What about, uh, what's your name from Le hurt and Shirley? Penny Marshall, okay? Is she a nerd? I don't know. She doesn't really think, I mean, she's just ditzy. She's like a ditzy broad. There's a difference between a nerd. But there's got to be somewhere in a category to fit in here. Hmm. Hillary. Now, Wade, Hillary's a nerd. What would you call her? Oh, no bitch. Oh, that's her. Evil bitch. Okay. Or you thought I was going to see the C with the ice and the ice and the ice. Yeah, that's what I thought. I see. Boy Scout counselor charged with fondling teens at Keys Camp. Anna Marada. A Miami men's been arrested on charges. He filed 14 age boys from Pennsylvania to Boy Scout camp in the Florida Keys. Keith Walker, 26 was accused by the voice of reaching out to their bathing suits during a scuba diving class. At the Florida C base camp on August 13, the boys ages 14 and 15 immediately reported the abuse of the camp to get on manager Dennis Saint Jean. A very remorseful Walker was fired when our later Saint Jean said. I wonder if he really did the Jean Val-John? Why need to re-read that, you know? List miserables? Okay. What do we all like to be less miserable? Yeah, it's got to steal some bread here in a minute. What does that mean? Is nobody did he stole a loaf of bread? Yeah. Hang out with the rats. We'll put him up in my attic for safekeeping. Walker was arrested Thursday three weeks after one was issued for four cows of blue and the civil sacks on a minor said, Vicki, here in spokesman for the Monroe County Sheriff's office, he texted said in earlier arrest was delayed when Walker evidently avoided his mommy apartment. Walker held a $150,000 bond with the return of Monroe County face to charges, face to music. The alleged fondling took place halfway through a scuba certification program in a dive tank attended by a group of 18 age boys from the Philadelphia or Saint Jean said. Walker single out four of the teens and took them one by one to a section of the tank away from the group, where the abuse allegedly occurred Saint Jean said. The Saint Jean said, voice god policy, Ted off possible sexual abuse mandates said no boys can be alone with one adult. Another adult counselor was in attendance, but another location in the dive tank when the alleged fondling took place. Walker had cleared the camps background checking thought there for three summers in the spring session. Saint Jean said he had no permanent work in Florida. So there he go. He reached allegedly in their bathing suit during his scuba diving class, and we at least can only imagine what he found in there. Something. He was checking for her news. Could be. Twenty-two one at five sixty WQM got the mad dog demanded to two. We got the Humper on brief that a tough assignment again four to six thirty including one hour to rob Conrad, sure five to six. So it's like basically another day off. But a Humper fell like a perpetual vacation. He's learning. Marlon's on deck at six thirty, but this is a pressure pack night. Marlon's at the Phillies. The Marlon's with a game in a half lead on Philadelphia for the wild card in the National League right now with only 13 games. But Marlon's at the Phillies. Seven oh five we got the game tonight to call by the or incredibly boring day of van boring. And the outstanding booster. And he came after the game into a Mark overnight. That's the agenda. That's a schedule. On QAM where the hits just keep on coming. Blime planet we're dropping off a bit of bad name. Man, and then let's we got all the possibility huh? I forgot all about name. Yeah, and means we got a possibility of a really big. A big one. Maybe even bigger than the one I take I pulled out of those bathing suits. Twenty-two won a QAM announcing a 2003 New Rogers blowout sale going on right now at Halad Pani XGMC. Talk to my good buddies Tom Lim and Joe Prado and save yourself a Schmidt load a cash and hell at even more than usual. Here's special legal deal number one. Save yourself up to $7,000 with a high-sprevades to the or plus deep deep discounts. Way down into your pantaloonies. The old deal number two gets 0% by an ending for up to five years. This, you can lease a 2003 Potty Egg Grand Pre-GT-2 for just $279 bucks a month for 36 months with 12,000 miles a year and only 2,000 bucks out of pocket. You heard right you pay only 279 bucks a month. Halad's also got great deals on you cons and in alleys for you. And as always, Halad's got an unbeatable ASTUPENUS gigantic selection of certified pre-owned cars, Crush an SUVs that even depended your life on, or scots it's a case may be. And if you're one of those people in her body out there whose credit isn't perfect, you have a blemish or two and on your credit record as well. It's never a problem in Halad's body because the whole idea is they want to sell you a vehicle. It's a 2003 New Arages blowout sales going on right now at Halad's potty Egg GMC 134-1 South Dixie Highway. That's good old US one across from the falls open every day, seven days a week. If you want more information on these spectacular unbeatable needle deals called the Neal Deal Hotline toll-free, 1 Tribal 8 5344211. That's one 8 8 8 5344211. Don't forget all the deal submitted to credit. Provell see our buddies at Halad 4 details. Halad Potty Egg GMC once you buy a car there once you go in there. You'll agree with me. They really are professional grade. My life and locals just see a sports video 564. You wait as you weigh them. You'll agree with me. You'll agree with me. You'll agree with me. You'll agree with me. You'll agree with me. You'll agree with me. You'll agree with me. You'll agree with me. You'll agree with me. You'll agree with me. You'll agree with me. You'll agree with me. You'll agree with me. You'll agree with me. You'll agree with me. You'll agree with me. Pro 46 and 560 WQM hysterical. He's the hysteria specialist in Channel 4 Brian request. Guess what Brian bad news for? There is no chance. I mean zero. Zippity due to that. Isabelle has been in any way effect impact. South Florida. And even though her can watch his Venetia for 30 miles of the middle and coast today. As thousands of residents are waiting. Her can do a show up. Isabelle weekend to a category 2 storm with 105 mile hour winds. That's pussy. It's going to be fun to try and land in on Friday. Why are you so negative? You're so sour just because you're not getting paid because you're going to be landing in the middle of her can. You got to cheer up about these things. What are you laughing about? I said here through two episodes. I lived here through two episodes of SARS. The blackout for 13 hours. You see what I'm saying? Mad Cow disease. Mad Cow disease. West Nile virus. Some tainted meat. We had some real bad meat in the city here. I've seen some of it. It says the hurricane watches issued for specific coastal areas that face the possible threat for Hurricane generally within 36 hours. And rap reports sounds like a good Jewish boy. Peppy director of the hurricane center said, Israel Isabel will be one of the strongest rooms seen in the land. All right. Last several decades. Uh oh. I feel a lot better now. But by the time it gets here to a Toronto if it stays on at the course which they seem to everybody. To tell us that it is. It's going to be just a lot of wind and rain. A lot of, you know, a lot of hot air like brown or cross. And what's wrong with a little bit of rain and when huh? Exciting as long as you know, but I'm saying no. Of course you got enough common sense to come in from the outside. Oh, I got this article about Vegas, which I hope I have time for about since city returning. Remember how they went a few years ago to the family thing and like what a chance. And so the families would come and bring little kids. Guess what? Bad mistake turned off a lot of their regular patrons and a lot of people that would like to go to. Because when you go to Vegas, you want to go to a wild and willy place. Not a place where they're much a punky little kid screaming and crying. Kering on. We want to build and vice. Right. So since city returns, that's a good news. Maybe see news. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line. Who's the biggest nerd of them all. Bill Gates leading. Uh, carrot top. 104 to 70 after that small potatoes. What are you on 33 Paul Shaffer 27, Rick Riley 25. George W. went on their late, but he's moving up 21 Adam Sandler 18. By and our cross 11, George will 10. Everybody else you go digital so far. Here's a call from Kendall. Hello. Are you new. Are you doing pretty good? I'm right. I'm like the participant on your pole. I'm kind of conflicted. I got two names and maybe you can help me. Late night, Mr. Conan. Oh, no, Brian is a big choice. I like that. And what about the ash and putcher? Is he trying to get? He can't. I like train. So, for a very strange about him, there's something really weird. He has like a little girl's body. Yeah, he's freaking. I got four footer minor ash and putcher. Yeah, I think for the kids. I guess I'm going to want to return to the, my ones have a deal and I know everybody's getting a little excited about the baseball. I don't know for on the bandwagon. For 50 bucks a seat. You go plot some money on. You can put down for postseason tickets. Right now if you're. Wallying it. You make a little deposit. And they will. Yeah. Sounds good, huh? It sounds like a weiner to me. I have a great day. And I think they're going to make it too. I think they're going to do it too. I really do. Have a great day. You two pal thanks. I didn't like that. Like I said, I'm not going to jump on a bandway. It all. Well, you love the marlins. I'm not doing that, but like I also said, it's something positive, something you're citing in a community where generally most of the crap that happens is crap. It's sour. Kind of like sour like the first off again that home opener they lost a little girl steam sour. Everybody with more sour than usual. How about Hank sour? Is the playwright feel for these Chicago cubs? Can't us must mock you. Hank sour. Hank. George sour. Football. Wasn't George sour like the acculture of bears? George sour. Yeah. How is George sour? Who the hell was is George sour? Receive it for the jets. Oh, I don't know who that is. Good. I feel better about that. See, if I knew all that sports trippy, I'd feel like really bad. Like maybe I've been working on a station too long. Which is obviously two in the first place. But when you're on too many sports nerds, all you start thinking about morning new 9's happening to you is. Yeah. Oh, that was good. Oh, man. What? That's the reverberate in all the way back up here. All the way over to God name Lake on tier. It'll probably be here net in Rochester pretty soon at Dick and Irves. I'ma said that we got vikin' Irves on here. That's good. Nice job, but Todd Rekke must have just answered a message. You know, they shouldn't leave and call him direct. They have a raffle. I beg your pardon. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. Hi, I'm going to be up. How are you doing? It's the twisted kid. All right. How are you? I'm doing great. I'm doing great. I have an ear from you in a verinal. I've been recuperating. So I'm doing great now. Good. I have the ultimate nerd. Okay. You might recognize the name Screech. The way he's done diamonds. Uh-huh. I think he is like the ultimate nerd. Now who do we want to call him? Discreech. Yeah. Everyone knows he's screechers from say by the bell. I saw him call him. He saw him call him. He saw him. Funny. But it's like come on. He's screechers the work. Right. Good choice. Thank you. Thank you. Well, thanks. Goodbye. Screech. Now what about uh welcome back. How was the nerd on that show? We're shack. Oh yeah. Horishman. Oh, hello. Look at that. That's too old. That's. Yeah. Ancient history. Who's the biggest nerd of the mall? Bill Gates. That was George's choice. 106 votes. I don't think they're going to catch old billing bill. Oh, I guess if you're going to be a nerd, you have a kind of money he's got. You don't get that line right now. Call me whatever you want. Bill Gates want to know six. Yeah. He's an asshole. He's up noxious and his whole microsoft. We hate them like. Follow. They would go away. Yeah. Carotop 72. Woody Allen 34. So it's strictly a two hours race. His George's W moving up. Rick Rod is a had a George's W vote. I don't know why Rick. They haven't forgotten man. Of course you don't want to always had a bug up your ass about him. He put it there. And to oh, I see now at least at least enough time is there God by you admitted it. Now you're not an item. All past tense. We amended our fences. You're the one that wanted to bid that. But what do you mean I wanted to admit it? But we had our problems and we got over it. Yeah. They ended as soon as I didn't have to work that show anymore. As soon as you didn't have to talk to him anymore. Right. He's a tough. He's a tough. How do I put a tough guy to like? You know what I mean? He's like, I actually, he won't believe this. I actually like Rick Rod. I like the, I like Rick Rod. I like the Rick and said show when he's not talking stock market. No, not that's a different story. We're talking about person loud. By me, I actually like Rick, but he's just, I don't know. There's something about him that he makes it difficult. As opposed to such who's just like a teddy bear that everybody wants to love and hug. You're just a good guy. But Rick is just, I don't know. His old horse had to meet. Is that what it is? Yeah. He doesn't help himself. Is that why you always referred him as that asshole. He used to work with. Here's a Pompano. Hello. Yeah. Yes sir. Okay. That your first female for the list. Excellent. Wiki Wake. Every Key Lake is a nerd. That's a nerd. Yeah. He's a geek. Yeah. Yeah. She's a geek. That's good. Okay. Brian Gumpo. Uh. Yeah. He's horrible. He's not a nerd. He doesn't have a nerd. He just have noxious. He's a... He's a... He's a... Does he have a one? He's a fox, a new, uh, Neil Covuto. He just... Find it. Was it he thinks he is? Yeah. He's just an asshole. Yeah. Well, he's a nerd at that. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. Have a great day. Sities and nerd. I'm not putting him on. I'm putting Ricky Lake on there. We got to have one woman. Yeah. You got to have one woman? None of the other. Well, not that we know all about. Let's see. Wesley Clark is going to announce the right. He's running and Hurricane is done or category two. He's coming up here right down Young Street all the way to Lake Ontario. Now, those are real. What I'm trying to say is, you can't do this. You can just write that thing's real. No, I can't just write those things. No, what upsides is you, though. Yes. About 48 people. Ooh. I don't know. I'm not good at that. That's not my bag. Look at that. Not my bag. Look at that. Look at your bags. I can't believe that not every red blooded head of a social mail in America is subscribed to the Playboy channel. I'm actually Scott was getting paid any money. He's subscribed to it. Our tab of TV when you live under an overpass. Well, see, this is the way it is. George forgot to tell you, but the last guy who had that job that you're in right now. You were in the overpass. So why the hell should you move up in a word? You can just live in the same comfortable on the same blanket that he used to live on. That's time I saw him. He's living under this console before his eyeballs popped out barely living. Wow. Well, listen, we had any update on him. No, good. I don't want to hear about it. And to think that I actually rewarded him for the work he was doing on the internet, I'm a moron. You know, I'm a schmuck. I have got to be the most the easiest person. I got to be an imbissel. No, I am. What do you mean by that? Well, that's right. You're responsible for slup in him in there. For forced to come on us. Here's some. Yeah, it is. If we, if we like give you a million dollars to tell us the truth. I told for it. For free. 1257 at 560 WQM if you want to see the best in horse race, Sinal casting and hoe head over to Pomp and O Park Carnus track. When that's something fat rich called yesterday that was really amazing. Have a wish him a heavy birthday. I'd birthday rich. Keep losing that weight where she's lost 600 pounds just in that phone call yesterday. Pomp and O Park is open every day. Seven nights and days week featuring the best in harness. Thurbret and highlight action too from across North America for you to watch in Wage Run and don't forget to Pomp and O Park. General parking and admission are always free. You can enjoy plenty of free seating and hundreds and hundreds of TVs to view your favorite track from or you can get a private box seat with your own TV monitor for just two bucks and it's all done. They smoke free environment. Come watch and wager this Thursday September 18 on the six hundred thousand dollar little brown jug from Delaware, Ohio. You can't beat those jugs with a special post time of 11 a.m. And you know what I can watch right here on the air. Mark that down. Don't forget because I got the racing channel here. Okay. This Thursday at 11 a.m. and you can watch it and plunge on at the Pomp and O Park. This Saturday it's the $700,000 Canadian Trident Classic at Mojawk Raceway right here in Toronto, Canada. And don't forget racing fans, Pomp and O Park will be back in action with a start of their 40th anniversary season of harness racing beginning Friday October 10th. It's just a matter of a couple weeks away. Pomp and O Park, a block south Atlantic full of art on Power Line Road called 9 5 4 9 7 2 2,000 for the daily summer cash schedule or go on the web at pomp and O Park.com and don't forget Elmer Conrad is gone. 5. Local. This is 5. 6. Rear your. You. You. You. Go on. You. Pomp. Rear. He.m. ready. A totally into trouble with lies in this. cherche. For. cloth. threats, whole. Pull. getting slaughtered in a rack. I'm a push-to-tate of trailers. All the people that want to know is only one way to go. They've got to regent, newspapers, but... ...so many people can't have heard of them. There's nobody. They just want to be in front of that TV. They can't what happens to them. They're gonna be happening to me. But it's bad about who they are. Who they are, good, silly. Yeah, they say what they can say. But they won't never go to my media or anywhere. So fatherly with two-person foundations. I don't want to read it. I don't want to believe it. Don't confuse me with the facts. I'll get the third balance, say the mentally challenged. From leave all these few books in news... ...they don't lie. Hey, hey, hey ! Oh, who are you! How many children do you need? There's so lot of people dad. I can't be Dragon Sonner with that! Look at all them dad! I don't know who you are, but I can't help. I don't want to Yeah, they look for that Tonya! How many children havecraft left on the back of him? Yeah. one-on-three at five sixty wqm biggest nerd says the fact that Todd Tonga in channel 10 I would agree with that. Todd loves to show by the way. Good and our poll question for him out who is Todd Tonga in this don't know. If he's the one that does that 10 taxi embarrassing thing. He does all those silly featurewets whether whatever. He's a silly person. He's channel 10 professional silly person. Todd Tonga, you know who that is? If he does the 10 taxi thing that I know who it is. He's a silly person. By the way, Eric is doing it baby right on our website. Take a look at that. Look at the quality of that card. It's not a card too, no. They will say whatever you would call it. It is a card thing. It's a picture. Look at the quality of that. George W historically correct action figure A-wall photo. Well actually, it doesn't say photo. Was that say underneath? What is that say? L-U-T-O. What are the first I can't make a word. I can't make a word. I'm not on the video tape. It says A-wall something underneath. He's got the C's hold of the bottle. A-wall blue dough. Blue dough. T-o-1-70-2 is got the Mexican hat on the A-wall the outfit and he's got the bottle of the tequila or whatever in his hand. It's a beautiful thing. That's W baby and it's right on time. Oh and there's a couple of bottles that by his sneakers do. He sneaked him in. Right on top of Yota Mora. I still an error. Thank you. What? Those are the empties. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. He held president. He got religion. Maybe he put away the booze. He put away the powder. Here's a call from Hollywood. Hello. Hello, Neil. How are you doing today? Pretty good sir. I have outstanding nerds. See them. By the end called for an anti-grace. What do you think, George? Okay. Okay. Definitely, Nancy. Nancy Grace. There's not a few. Huh? If she's going to be on her ankle, there's got to be on her toe. They're going through the gutter. Absolutely. Okay. Thank you sir. I can't do it. I can't do it there. Have a great day. What do you say? Huh? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the pounds. 5, 6, the only 80. What we have here is a failure. Yeah, we'll get some women on their discrepancy. I don't think they're going to do all that great because there are other words that would have. You know, for some of these people, especially like for Anne Coder. You know, like more evil. That would be more like a good part. And she more evil. See, he's interrupting. And that means he's definitely I can't unappeared off at least two more weeks. That we've already done those evil doer things. Okay. Realize maybe you weren't sitting in that seat at the time. We've done those evil doer things. We're way ahead of you. We're like, light years ahead of you. In fact, we're almost to the bank. Now when you get to the bank, you have to have a check to cash. So I would stop in your trash right now and turn back and see if there's one waiting for you in your continued for rise and line. Who is the biggest nerd of them all? Got a pretty heavy duty list here. Here's my any. Hello. What's up, Neil? How are you doing, sir? I actually, uh, even though it's kind of late, I do have a three-nerd for three different categories. I got a Hollywood nerd, a media nerd and a sports nerd. Yeah. My Hollywood nerd has got to go to a Toby McGuire. Yeah. My media nerd is Tucker Carlson from CNN, the right guy guy. And a sports nerd has got to be great, Maddox. Good bye, Maddox. What a great picture. With a silly glasses, yeah. Yeah. He's, uh, he, I just, whatever you think nerds and sports, he's got to be the best. How many forgot to tell Greg that he lost it a couple years ago? Somebody please call him and tell him. He doesn't work glasses anymore. Thanks a lot. Well, he wears them. He just wears contact on the field. Yeah, right on the field, you don't see him, but he wears them and real real nerdy glasses too. Like old fashioned silly. I go, uh, thanks a lot. Try it. See. I've got your, uh, I hate to break the news, do you? But he does wear the contacts when he's pitching. Right. But he doesn't wear like, you'll see him in the dugout. I mean, like, he's when he's just in the dugout not pitching on that day. Yeah. He's got them those silly silly goofy glasses. He used to record. Attics is a good choice. Okay. No, be not going to sky just because he happens to be a little dark and collected. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Greg, I hate to break the news. Yeah. I love you when you were the cubs back in those glory days, but, uh, you lost it. You couldn't get, uh, forl out out of what? Out of that seat. Here's Holly would. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. With a key to overman. It all Rogers. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. I like Keith Oberman on there. All Rogers is an inside thing, which he's absolutely right there. That's a nerd. That's a real stocking nerd. Keith Oberman. O L Oberman. O L B E R M A N Keith Oberman. That's the one I keep bitch screaming about. I never get a response on it, but everybody knows what I'm talking about because it's a sports nerd station. He's been on every one of the, he was on MSNBC. Then he was on Fox. He was on ESPN. Now he's back on Fox again with his point one share. This man thinks that when he speaks in his deep centurion tones, he reminds me of somebody we got in our station. Absolutely. Who thinks that when he speaks with that centurion voice, that the world is hanging out every word and instead of word, it's more like you turn, turn. I mean, nobody cares. Keith Oberman and ego the size of Texas, the size of Uranus can't stand that son of a bitch. Man, talk about a self-important the self-absorbed. He reminds me a little bit of a sportsy, although now he's newsy. He's a comedian. He's whatever they want him to be. It reminds me of Charles Groden. Only even more serious and more humorless and more a deadpan and more like, oh god, what, who'd any of you kiddin Keith? Okay, you can't give a job longer in five minutes you jackass. And I guarantee that the sports nerds include some of our friends in our radio station probably think he's just the, the cats in the out because he's a sports nerd. There's one of them that fraternity that role me, homey, uh, oh, homey, that homey thing. Here's a call from Davy. Hello. I think one would be McCallie Colkan. Good choice. And uh, about rape Harry. Talk about work. Talk to you later. Bye. Okay. Oh, we're getting some inside names on there. We like Ray, but Ray is definitely a nerd. There's another one seven inside. Have a good one. Take the inside call on seven. Another inside call, uh, inside person. I see. Lady of West Palm. Hello. Yes, man. How's anybody mentioned the bird? The bird is dead. Yeah. Oh, that's so sad. I know. I'm actually still really bad. Well, can I? Can I? Can I can tell? Can I put something in on the gate call even though it's a girl? I have a little, uh, what keep in mind? Go ahead. That guy came, uh, Bill C'mon, he calls himself. Yeah. I saw him in the, the public didn't know at the beach. He was wearing like, speed up speedo, uh, can try to speedo with a muscle shirt. So, he's got to get on the top of the list for me. She makes a big splash wherever she goes. Believe me. Thanks a lot. We don't. Okay. Have a great day. Miss C'mon. All of us miss C'mon pretending to be anything other than whether for a humor. I don't know. I don't know. I think she's well known. It's 11 past one at five, 60 WQM, SMR people in the program. And I'll probably tell you. Hey, if you're underpaid overworked around or appreciated, how would you like to have a new hot pink career before years ends got? Pick up the article, fast train, something to be able to think about, something to keep in mind and say to get and jerked around in this radio business, maybe actually have some skills to make a real little paycheck. Say the number solely, please. In which in your case, any paycheck would be better than what you're making now. Call 1-866 fast train. They can have you trained in certified before years end. In fact, you ought to be certified like insane if you're continuing to work for QM for free. The demand for computer professionals continues to grow. There's no better time than right now to get you a new high-paying career. Fast train offers job placement assistance. Can be a thieving weekend schedules with six lower locations, including a couple of tap-up by the way Scott and four in south Florida. There's not to be one nearby. You or wherever you're going to be living. Fast train offers financial assistance to people who qualify. So, call fast train today get out of your dead end job. Quilt working for a free or next to it. Call 1-866 fast train. No excuses, no more. Working for peanuts. Check them out on the web at fast train.com and then call them tool free like Scott's gonna do a momentarily at 1-866 fast train. Pretty. President of the United States, Al Gore. I've recently poked my head out of the shadows of oblivion to take potshots at the president. I have reappeared. Must like Pucks Latani Phil, the groundhog creature that reappeared each year to determine whether or not we'll have an early spring. I wish it to be known, but it was I who was responsible for saving the lives of those nine miners in Pennsylvania over the weekend. I had asked the media to keep my name out of it as not to appear a spotlight hog. However, I feel the American people have a rat to know the truth. Here's what happened. Upon hearing of this unfortunate accident, I'll race to the thing. I'll order myself into the mine, using an old Ron Popeal pocket fisherman and some bailing wire. Down, down, down, into the depths of darkness I think. Never thinking of my own safety, but rather of the safety of those men and the ground. When I reached the miners, they said to me, hey, you're the garden vendor, the internet, right? I said, yes. We all had a mic's hard lemonade, which I brought with me down into the hole, and then we sat around and re-enacted the fart thing from blighting fattles. I thought you should know the truth. And now, much like the groundhog creature Pucks Latani Phil, I'll think back into the darkness of oblivion until I am needed again. This is the allegor. Sleeper hero. 454 votes. How could we elect off an allegor? Right? So we thank who's who's fances at on. Oh, Keith and Boca. Thank you, which he's got a bunch of who's question Glover? Who is that? Actor Geek. He was in Charlie's Angels most recently. Birdy? You, I don't know if you've ever seen him in anything. No. Should we put him on there? Sure. Crispin Glover, get him on there. Why not? Just to give Eric more work to do. Poor Eric. But anyway, nice job on it. Picture Eric. Excellent. Everybody check that out. A wall bush. Who's the biggest nerd of the mall Bill Gates 116, Caratops 73, what a Allen 42, to a Paul Schafer 31. He has a wife, you know. I've got if there's anybody there. Just, I mean, he floats like a butterfly. Ladies, man, they say George W. 29, Rick Riley 29, tied with a president. And I bet you I know who Rick Riley voted for and wasn't happy you can in this time. And I'm Santa Ray teen brand or cross 14 Benstein 13 George Will 12 Mike Lupica 10. Joseph Gackie 9. Jeff in Joel at J. Peele is right on your astro. J. Fever Sean Hannity Ross P. Rowe each have eight. Screach has got six. Bob cost his five time hangs five Rick Moranis has got three. Is that what almost everybody wants? Moranis? Sure. Depending. Why not? I don't care for licorice myself. We're now the academic two Tucker Carlson's only got a pair. George step on top of his two Clay Aiken to Chris Collins worth one. Only one for Ricky William Sanddommelson that is considered Matthew Lesco. I have no I guess I do. I just don't ever stop and watch that with a question marks you're lucky. Who's the character in fat man with a quite the ridler? Yes, with a question marks. Excuse me. Tim Burton one Jason V. is one and no votes. This should really break your heart no votes for David Spade or Mark. Or Conan O'Brien or Aston Cutscher or Ricky Lake or Richard Dreyfist or Todd Tonga. Tonga. And other than thing hop back up on top again. Or uh uh that same Martin Short. I don't know. His holder Nancy Grace Greg Maddox or Keith Olderman don't have any out of four hundred fifty nine. Todd Tonga must have just got one. He must have just via he just got one. Probably louder nail voted. Hey Dwight we're delighted that you're listening to the highway to Neil Rogers showing don't worry about that eating ass thing everybody in Tom loved it. Biggest female nerd of all time speaking of Channel 10 Janet Reno. I think she deserves to be on there. The nerd lady. She's at least as Bush's Ricky Lake ever deemed to be in. Anyway this uh fast from Keith and Vokie he's got a whole list of people. These sides crispy and lower. Matthew Broderick and he's a little nerdy but I don't know. That's old news. Drew Carey. I would just describe Drew Carey as fat and untalented but nevertheless Drew Carey can put him on or he's nerdy with a silly glasses old deal. Uh Jerry Lewis now pick an I'm Jerry would his head blown up like a bullfrog sounds really enjoyable to me. I mean like a bad and bad taste Jerry Lewis I wouldn't think of Jerry News is just annoying. Right at this point would you? Right. And one thing about that telephone if you're watching off of it. Oh make it. Right. And Regis Regis Philbin is he nerdy? Just regular. Yeah I wouldn't say Regis. Don't think picking on Regis. Especially when at Hock Show he's got with the What's your name and by the way I like her a lot now whatever her name is Kelly Ripa. Kelly's Ripa even though she isn't as uh I had he's pretty smart. I don't know. I don't know. I've heard as much as I used to. She uh appeared at a fundraiser for um who was it? Howard Dean or some Democratic fundraiser that I know. Oh big Neil it's picking a We got like Kelly a lot. She has an Audi. Though she really yeah Regis has an any so must work out pretty well 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line nerds Here's a call from Ocacobie where they have a lot nerds hello. Oh, hello Neil. How are you doing? Oh, just wonderful. I can't believe you don't have Alex canals on that pole. Yeah, he's a little nerd that that's he's in perfect I would think so. Yeah, he's on it now And have a great day. Why he just kind of vanished off into the wilderness of Ocacobie which could be anywhere I'll tell you that'd be a good poll which is the most knee in the thaw Ocacobie Pohoki or temple terrace O'erloo Humpka Ocacomka two egg Oh, oh, man. I tell you once you get south of like what pencil vania No, see I mean you look at the map anything well pencil vania. That's way to help north while you're right Most of America is like the deep south Yeah, it is Take a look at the map. What's now? I'm just out of my memory like what's under pencil vania's like Virginia right right and West Virginia And a Carolinas Right exactly there's there's there's there's the north and the northeast and somebody upper been west and then there's like the the west coast Washington, Oregon and California and then other than that those are the cowboys stay anyway Other than that you got like a Yahoo America say Yahoo place and you wonder why George W Was able to fix the election make it that close. I don't wonder Say Yahoo place you got your Utah and Wyoming and Nevada although Nevada's got enough Wild and whatever reminds me since city returns see how this all fits together soon or later segue I fell into another bucket of crab. Can you smell it? In the back seat of a limousine a South Korean woman is breathing heavily as she runs her finger through her showfielder's hair Oh, I probably could find some sound effects for that wait a minute If you could see what I'm looking What yeah Met mine All right Hello, sports fans Well that's what she was doing you like it's good sport all right before That time she's breathing heavily. She runs her finger through the showfers hair and rubs her arm against the It's how one of the new commercials for Vegas begins. It's part of a 25 million dollar Mark and he can't paint the city is kicking off. I'm the slogan what happens here stays here The commercials are about freedom and expressing yourself according to bill the vessel ladies Vaseline who's company are in our partners created the ads They're about releasing your own inhibitions of creating your own fantasies like the one that I got on there I'm watching right now in Georgian scutt only wish they were watching the ads depicting Vegas that's and adults only destination And one with an x rating that city of fifth their own bounce something no place else does is sexy element of that of course Vaseline he said The idea of transforming Vegas into kind of an erotic fantasy land comes at a time when gambling revenues are Down a lot of people want to go down, but the revenues are done because they aren't doing it in Vegas like they used to Research by the University of Nevada's found the amount of time they ever to respect to the casino tables has dropped significantly in recent years That means tourists are spending their money someplace else In 1998 there were just five strip clubs in the outskirts of Vegas today There are 20 alloc located with the few miles of the major hotels All right You have to remember that strip clubs used to be a place where people used to go around somewhere like district in town hide from everybody else Said Dolores and Iodays of the sapphire gentlemen's club now they walk in the front door sometimes with their wives oftentimes with their girlfriends and enjoy dancing And humping and whatever else since they've regulations prohibits stripping in casinos casinos have found another way to compete Virtually every casino house opened at least one twenty nightclub in bar and the traditional Vegas review is the main cases Topless and in some cases blatantly erotic with the tailor oh What the The fierce fight for tourism dollars is starting to unnerve some of those who actually live in Vegas Although they've long been accustomed looking the other way Local officials even held a public hearing to debate the legality of lat dancing during which Metro police plateservant on tape showing women performing sexual acts during a lat dance In a surprise move local officials and after a lot of restrict contact between customers and dancers how boring How boring You know you want your community to be reflection of who you are and I don't think that these ad campaigns are that all that sex is a reflection of what Discommunious and Lisa hold a mayo a Vegas resident for 16 years. I wonder she's kind of my cold the mayo Mayo three who's five children were born in Vegas that she never had a problem with image reality of the Vegas trip until now They had these mobile billboards that drive around town. That's why I draw the line she said I say you know what stay with the tourists keep it with the tourist these mobile billboards show topless women Shame shame Mayo said she once saw one of the mobile billboards partners to a church when you stood and coaching between my church or a church in my post orifice That's when you've crossed the line In fact, the marketing of Vegas trip clubs rather than the strip clubs themselves appears to be the bigger issue with mayo The clubs I think of you live here your epic set that's part of what they sell So it says Las Vegas radius two cities one is the strip the others a booming conservative community of nearly two million people So there you go It's that old American conflict again between the living and breeding people. I want to have a good time and be left alone doing it and the holy rolling assholes I want to tell everybody how to live and what they'll do in up yours In life You're American Souls we salute you Mr. Dance by yourself guy You think she's dancing with you then she robes another man's crotch Most men would leave the floor with their heads hung low But not you you feel the rhythm in your soul and the peach snaps coursing for your veins Sure people are looking at you judging you wishing you were dead, but you don't care You just do a spin move and hurry up Finally you make your move only to find out that her boyfriend did time and Enjoy it So we salute you Mr. Dance by yourself guy your broken jaw your ambulance driver and your Shoot pads you are real American One thirty two that's asshole is trying to see there We got about five hundred votes on a pool not too shabby considering we like had the Stardust and stop us Interrupted this 97 votes to be exact here's the double digit ones the biggest dirt of all time bill gates 123 he's got it Carotop 74 Woody Allen 45 George W. Bush 32 Paul Shaper 31 Rick Riley 29 Adam Sandberg 19 Brian O'clock 17 Ben Stein 14 what an asshole That guy is you know yeah wrong people have the money there's two guys Ben's done in the bill gates Clear out the money real major assholes George will another one 12 Dustin Diamond aka screech and his uh got 11 as does Mike Lupica Ross P. Rotten and Joseph Gackie Okay also as ten double digits for the old penis face Seriously though those promos that were playing a him call on that touchdown are so I don't think there's a high school station in America that would play those on here. They'd be so embarrassed I don't think even WD land that the university of Manny will be playing that because they'd be so embarrassed It's just so How to control so juvenile here's a call from candle hello Yes sir Oh, that's an excellent choice by the jackpot Thank you There's somebody knows that asshole our sales department. We're not gonna put him on here because nobody knows who that is but right boy what a good choice In fact Gary Sarner I've been telling you this last couple years. He's gotten identical twin look alike in Amsterdam and they're both nerds Saying how you'd be amazed you'd be shocked He looks exactly like him a little bit younger version and the same mindless kind of appearance and a nerd take real asshole. Why take his picture Yeah, I'm gonna go right in a month and since starting take pictures of people right There we got enough pervert you they need somebody as sneak and pictures Believe me if I'm gonna be taken pictures of anybody in Amsterdam and it gonna be him Saudi Arabia be heads marijuana smuggler right here. We go our good friends the Saudis A Saudi drug trafficker was beheaded Sunday a ministry of interior statement said Daher bin Thammer al Shimri was convicted of smuggler marriage we need to be kingdom the statement said that'll teach him I guess he won't be doing that no mole Never again that's a bit way to make sure Al Shimri was beheaded in the eastern province of hopper al botten bringing the number of beheadings in the kingdom this year to 41 Most of them drug traffickers at least 49 people were beheaded last year And they won't be doing it This conservative country Saudi Arabia follows a strict interpretation of Islam under which people convicted drug trafficking murder rape and armed robbery are executed Beheadings are carried out with a sword in public. So I guess I like that bit that we played the nuts showing the deaths in public So I guess this guy didn't get so on twice like that In two nights five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT and see and Verizon wireless line I think we go in there see if it's me I go in and we take over Saudi Arabia. Okay, no sweat no Take over the oil fields put all in laundry heads out where they belong in the past years Let him pick cotton or whatever to have in the oil in the sand poppies pick the poppies right There'll be a lot of eye poppy by the time I get through them and the put all his bullcraft arrests stop the baloney Let's see fried in out look at this the rain will linger a little bite by the beginning by the middle of the day Rather the conditions will be fairing up for an 18 degrees and rest of a week on an internet week We have plenty of scat We're gonna cool 18 to 19 degrees and that is the five-day forecast of cigarette back into the news room What are you way you knocking our ethnic diversity here in Toronto man? No, they're not my boy channel City pulse 24. I'm not what do you mean to play boy chin? What do you think is this some kind of a guy? I'm ex-rated radio show There's the play boy channel I don't know what she's saying Okay, great look at that thing and looks like she must have hung out and approached the prominent gigantic banana She's just about you made to peel it five six seven. Oh five six me pound five 60 on the AT&T come on Let's bring this program back to the nice family That is for that we enjoy here on QAM after eight o'clock in the morning. That's in family the Maryland man's in family or the Charles Here's a call from Hallendale. Hello Pretty good I kind of think of the guy's name. He wears his pants. I want up to his neck. Hercules a little black shabotta Hercules Hercules yeah, he's the biggest nerd of all time with the glasses He's a worker, but I don't know the guy's name in real life, but I mean furkl I think he was trying to say it. Oh, I think he was trying to say it. Oracle wasn't he? Yeah, oracle just realized he was just worked up about oracle. He wanted to see how many times you could say it How many times you say it? Good work pal. Let's see here's one. It says Tucker Tucker Facts is his squeaky voice adolescent viewpoints Hero worship of ball players how about Steve Jeldi Gelsel? That's a good one. We should head him on it earlier Steve Gouldy goldstein. That's perfect Is the quintessential nerd and you know something? What? I don't even know if Tucker who sent his Facts is ever seen guilty, but man if he doesn't look like the definitive nerd doesn't he? I mean, I hate to don't I hate to say it. Oh, I'm glad to say he's a nerd He sounds like an nerdy looks like a nerd and then of course he's got to work with Howard the nerd how nerd So I think that guilty absolutely is certainly ought to be on here don't don't forget to get it on there Be putting in the show you watch how fast guilty this rises up to the top Only recently got hired is because he had a big penis and Joe roses impressed and then when our programming people saw it Wow, especially that Andrew Asyn and Woods That would that was his only recommendation from the job Is that a fact That is a fact I just screwed this thing up He's got a big hard on but I did it's a good thing I noticed that there too See I just fell into another bucket of crap. I keep falling into him all day long Who's the biggest nerd of them all is our pull question today? I don't forget tomorrow. We're gonna start that series There is a full-semancted people just to piss off mo Right just because it makes him so apple-tletting and good timing to because the following days that a the trans come up And I'll guarantee him O ours is gonna be much bigger than yours and the pull number two the rating Gonna be much much bigger and Whatever you got divided by about six and then you'll have your number because most of it is for well There's no doubt about that bill gates 124 caratops 74 what are you on 45 George W32 Powell Shaker 31 Recrually an Adam said 29 and I'm saying 19 I guess it changed all that much 20 till two we got the mad dog coming along a two o'clock The hysterical how do we yesterday? I sure hope we get that tape you know that would be phenomenal. It's done deal. It is yeah We're gonna have it pretty tomorrow. Yeah, I'm thinking all right. That's gonna be sensational when a mad dog loses it and goes ballistic about the Nine minutes breaks that they have to endure on who's showing about the worst team having to endure that which is why the reason that they didn't get the big numbers And about the fact that the morning show we got now in those early hours really blow Is there any question about it? No question about this either that VIP sportsbook.com is the outfit you ought to be plunging you guts with because they're the people you can trust it in a mile a long time That's some Johnny come late, please, we're trying to jump on the badmack and reaching into your pocket getting your plunging money 99% of those other bookies here about on this radio station are located in the jungles of Costa Rica or Guadamala or Niharagua One of those 18th World Country This year move up a clash to VIP sportsbook.com the oldest and largest sportsbook in a country that we love Holland Needleons where they have those wooden shoes 100% legal and license to listen to me and call VIP sportsbook.com right now 1866 VIP bets because they're soft for his best most dependable reliable, etc Sign up right now even bet all the sound photo football and basketball teams juice free all year long You want to bet on the dolphins good luck to you. It's 100 to 100 you want to bet to hurt cones It's 100 to 100 so forget about that vigorous all signups get 20% cash bonus not some silly stupid as funny money match play bonus You get the real thing a 20% cash bonus VIP sportsbook.com that's where you find them online or call them toll free And 1 866 VIP bets that phone number again. It's 1 866 VIP bets Be sure and tell me what about here on most prestigious sports obsessive QAM VIP sportsbook.com where you always are the VIP We're sports radio 566 you a God Now it's a 90's Now it's a nice You You're not riding up to food down a child But you're just fast It's over that road we live now Watch the numbers kill nice you Alright They're just the president Oh yeah Now you can make a billion dollars Thanks to Bill Fairtails The movies and books within the crossing On your face What's the matter? Not you Oh my god Baby, you're just a fucking fool You're just a fucking fool Baby, you're just a fucking fool Baby, you're just a fucking fool Baby, you're just a fucking fool Baby, you're just a fucking fool You better split So you said that the second break in it to Spiderman life break is gone as I was that old Just checking Yeah, we don't have to be bashful We do a right over on openly on a year It's a good time to remind you that Doing that drill a bit cuts the bit off Well that's his fault That's Scott's fault We're talking to me a lot I played a bit Talk to you during a bit As whole So in other words, it cuts in a bit I forgot all about that And it also puts me on the year When I do that I guess huh? Huh? What? Huh? 560, 056, 056, do you? Pound 5 What do we have here is a failure to respond? Get with it Here's the way to pull the shape Up so far Let's go It's refreshing It's rehashing It's thinking about why is it sitting there stuck there like that Oh here it go Who's the biggest nerd of a wall Bill Gates 125, Karrat Top 74 What the hell? 46 George W34, Paul Schaffer 31 Everybody else under 30 Okay, under Not third man Here's a call from Jupiter Hello Jupiter Oh hey, that's a one new Yes, they're okay How about a John Tess Oh excellent choice Magnificent He thinks he's cool He plays the piano He looks like young Frankenstein Yeah And a ballet man All you could do too Very manllows excellent Two very good choices Thanks a lot You're great, Neil Thank you and have a great day Very manllow and John Tess How could we let that to do all of fruit cakes on huh? Of course John's got religion You don't understand that John Tess And taste himself Very, very seriously See one of the things that bugs me about people In like any field Like any entertainment business Or in the news business People who take themselves a little bit too seriously I keep all women Like John Tess Like Neil Diamond See Neil Diamond really believes he's a singer I know that comes as a phenomenal shock to most of us But he really believes he did All those ballads, those old and days ballads He had a subchance Crack below Crack below Crack below Crack smoke and rose Song sung blue Oh come on Neil Diamond's a nerd Crack, he probably will be on the list But he probably ought to be on here He's a freaking nerd Oh you know who he left off of here Oh my god I got it Way Newton Leave it to me Leave it to my nimble mind Even if this advanced age of silly Your mind way Newton Do you have any idea how fast he's going to shoot up that pole? Scawrocket You'll see Here's a call from Halea Hello Hello Yes sir Great How about a Unliving Unliving Huh? I mean she masturbates to start checking on TV Five six seven five six six Pop five six She said it's out of this room That was good Good job, palmy By the way I'll see you at Westland By your drill in the glory holes Oh, absolutely this guy does the limbo rock under the Under the stalls at the Westland so we can drill a glory hole Here's a call from Palm City Hello Palm City Yes sir How are you? Pretty good how you doing I'm good thank you I didn't have a contribution to your pole but I wanted to make the comment about the Sort of you talked about briefly Where the lady didn't want the stripping and the whatever I'm going to take your right Huh? How about let's not put her church around Uh, things that we don't want it around Right like our hottest A lot of molesters and all the other things that we've learned about the church What are you going to start saying we don't want to church here Yeah, why can't they have like their own separate zone where they put all of the Lidges nuts you know remember they had used to have the combat zones back in the 70s and early 80s used to have a rally x-rated those joints Well why can't we have like a religion zone Right For all of you I vote for that I'm with you you got my vote Thanks palmy good idea That's good idea The God squad the Jesus Christers The OIR cloggers put them all out there okay the schmatha heads and If you're really enterprise you open up a place and sell some really nifty head gear right like down the street from that Right And you can also do like they do in Nashville on every street corner There's a church and right across the street There's a bar I'm not sure which comes first, you know Ha ha ha ha Like Arnold said Uh, in pumping it is better than coming What is it? Iron Oh Oh I like the signals that are hearing key because there's no dialogue One sign Oh Like I said When you least expected they start top of a biann you never know when it first the bleep is going to come One 51 at 560 WQA I'm halimit head in no more barbecues no more vacations Summer time is over We're back to reality and in fact in a couple of days it's going to be the full already kids are back in school If you gained a lot of weight with those summer barbecues and just the schmoozerman on vacation Here's the deal hop on balance for life right away and lose that weight and a lot more to Because balance for life is just about guaranteed you can't miss if you stick with the program And you probably will because there's plenty of food in your little black sack every day To keep you satisfied all day long I must hear a real pig How much in on aim Three gourmet meals total is just actually about five feedings in there Every day in your black sack they deliver right your door by six an a.m. And take a scare your foot a whole day you won't be hungry on this program Believe you may because like I said everything is fresh the list is made with the finest ingredients and money can buy and you get to choose It's the only company that's the choose between two alternatives reach meal and snack every day that's run a program And you'll love the food trust me what I tell you So if you want to see the weights start pouring off on the scale within just a matter of days If you're tired of being overweight out of shape, a third you're dying over there Maybe diabetic or getting close to it. Here's the answer you've been searching for balance for life No calorie counting no carb counting not even any cooking or shopping because they do all that for you Call balance for life today and start losing it right away call nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine Or check them out of that wicked worldwide web at balance for life dot com My And low this is for real five six Love the watch boobs and button barking are your kids tired of the same old action figures Frankly yeah then spice up their holidays with Mattels troubled celebrity action figures Steel your kids hide this Christmas with shop living one on a cheese more affordable than you think Bobby's going to go Betchies and there's more forget GI Joe now there's D. Wine and with life like Nick Nolty Drull And Yeah, now presses greasy head and a touch money too Anybody got a room Be sure to collect all of my tells troubled celebrity action figures like with the Houston or here's me Christina Aguilar see if you can buy all 12 of herself mutilation This Christmas shopping is no trouble at all with the troubled celebrity action figures from my tell Somebody public relations screen teams all seven one fifty six at five sixty w qm The Mad Dog stand and buy two to four hank from four to six three marons in a fillings and fill-pilpid off The series of the year man big big good do ones even George's excited about our trip work How about here this facts Susie and why's the nice ones who's in grab we got to send me for the end of the show Jewelie Roman oh my god talk over to him off of there Good plan I can't imagine just looking at that push just that mindless blank nerdy look on his push He's yellow nerd. I think he's even got w feed on you know as far as nerdyness Anubish what I was just tapping on a phone here everybody just hung up at the same time there at the end Or was there like a fart on the phone look at that? Wow something very strange happened on the end coming is that what was Anyway, we can see the end coming which gives me time To what mention this vice president Dick Cheney anxious to defend the White House foreign policy Met on going violence in Iraq stunned intelligence analyst and even members of his own administration this week By failing to dismiss a widely discredited claim that Saddam was saying might have played a role in the 911 attacks Evidence of a connection if any exists has never been made public details the Cheney cited to make the case that the Iraqi dictated by a timeshavelkita may have been dismissed by the CIA is having no basis according to analyst and officials even before the war in Iraq Most Bush officials did not explicitly state that Iraq had a part in the attack on the US two years ago But Cheney left the possibility white open and nationally televised interview today is to go claiming the administration is learning More and more about connections between al Qaeda and Iraq before the 911 attack The statements have prized some analyst and officials who reviewed intelligence reports from Iraq There is no credible evidence that Saddam had anything do with 911 said BDI Senator Bobby Graham Democrat running for president There was no such relationship a senior foreign policy advisory to Howard Dean the Democratic firm order said it is totally inappropriate for the vice president Continue making these allegations without bringing forward any proof Vince can a straw away former CIA Counterterrorism special is said that Cheney's willingness to use speculation conjecture his facts in public presentations is a polling It's astounding How do you like that? Mead astonishing shocking unbelievable other words he lies a lot and does it well got to be used to it and by the way, you know those meetings he have with the energy people Yeah, what about your business? Yeah, none you said you were all named onion. None your business So that's the way it goes as we continue you can hear those goose steps marching along where's that article by Jimmy Burstland? Can I read that one last paragraph again since we got him? I probably can't find it God. I love that article. I might read the whole thing in one of these days this week in the middle of all these very important polls You got it Scott you got the article 100 we've got around all those arrested come just it's just a little stalling tactic on my part because I probably don't got it Oh, I do have it. I have it over here. I saved it in my Save the crap pile on the bottom. No, this is this is about the donkoks Not letting it Jesus God almighty talk about this organized. This is bad Neil. You better start getting with it get a little bit more organized here it is Claudia You know it's how I stalled off to like the last minute of the show for this. It's a beautiful No seriously Jimmy Burstland we ready yesterday fascism in the name of security He writes about these people like I like wish the way in the middle of the night and never ran got sent reported He said that this American government of bigots from the low IQ states can run over our bill of rights grabbing somebody with no warning in the dark hours Is a terrorist act by some singers the only way to defend yourself is to vote them out those who don't are fans of Fascism. Nice going Jimmy You to man We asked today who's the biggest nerd of them all bill gates 127. I was your just choice George had that I had the winner yesterday by far Jimmy Stewart on the coolest of them all Nerdiest of all George had to stum on it. Bill Gates 127 Caratops 74 Woody Allen 50 George W 35 Paul Shafer 31 Rick Riley 29 Adam Sandler 19 Brian our class 18 Benstein 16 George will 13 screech won 13 Joseph ackeys got 12 Mike Lupica 11 and Ross Piro a little BDI big-yared Ross Piro head 10 The night dogs coming up next keep the tapes roll. I think we got some good stuff coming up again for sure for tomorrow The wedding shows An