In your fuller way! Okay, she's horrible. In your fuller way! In your fuller way! One shot, in your fear! We have found the worst thing in the world. I like the big sluts I get on life! You're a person tonight! So we can go watch a movie, we're a serial thing in your face, you get strong! Let's search for the most talented kid in America! I think you'll possibly be the worst thing in the world. Can I help you fix it? Why? Don't win your job! And so... Alright! 9.05.60. WQA. I'm happy Friday to you. How come we don't get any food from how? It's not that I want food, but I would like some bacon, which I don't consider like a meal, you know? Huh? They don't like this. We didn't order. But he made me write that. Well, this is the morning show. They don't pay for that food. I don't reckon. They do? I don't think so. Get out of here. I don't think so. Nobody on this station pays for anything. It's so good. That's the different. But is he still the biggest part of it? What is this story with that? He's not on again today. We got any cake and golf stream. We'd all my God. We'd love any cake, but good, Godly Miss Molly. No wonder we're going in the tank, huh? Another plunging show. Another gambling show. Duff, what is wrong with that clearance, man? We have to strap him out of the... God Almighty. What do you mean what's wrong with Clarence? Is it muff? It's you. You keep forgetting where we are. No, seriously. Any cake and golf steam wasn't a tank like Vanish or something? I know he was in Vegas. I don't know why. And now it says Jim managed one of three, which is we like that. Oh, right. Yeah, that's good. And we like any cake a lot of me. I'm not not not at any, but any golf steam is like, you know, I had to one over the two seven eight and the seven got left in the gate and the eight took a dump. You know, Marlins on deck at seven o'clock tonight and then the Marlins in the Braves. Is that here? Do we know? Carlos thinks it is. He thinks it is because they never put it right on this thing. And it says the Marlins and at the Braves, but it always says the Marlins at somebody, whether they're home or not. Pretty lousy, scheduled clearance. There's only one Josh in this building who's sticking around. Anyway, the pull we had yesterday before we get to the heavy duty stuff. I don't want to get you nervous about those SARS cases. What? Well, didn't we have the news yesterday? It's at it later. I told you was at it. And I was going Carlos, you idiot. We said that there were two SARS cases, but that they wouldn't tell anybody where they were, which is totally unacceptable, by the way. All in Florida could they come up with some scam like that. So finally today, two possible SARS cases identified in Dave County. And one in, where's the woman, the 70 year old woman she's in, the last were County. Now the good news is the two, now the bad news is the first suspected case of SARS in Dave's surface in late March. Today is April the fourth. How come they're not telling us about this? The second was discovered a few days ago, but the good news, both patients were treated by private physicians did not require hospitalization. Okay. So there's no reason you could all panic. I'm sorry. But if you have like a headache and a high steeper. Stopping those. No, not a stuffy nose. Get out of here. If somebody anywhere near you coughs a little bit. We'll see if you have a receding here. Line of people have like a roi'd pop. We'll be real nervous about that. In Gruntone it would be bad. If you have like real nasty oozing bowel movements. I think that might be a bad precursor. But we got a lot of stuff today, man. We got heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy. Do these stuff, big and heavy bowel movements. We got a lot of crap. Pull on yesterday, which of these phrases or expressions bugs you the most? Did I mention that there's two cases of SARS in the income? Which of these bugs you the most? And we got a tremendous response. Now how many votes we have on the first poll yesterday about the, about the, about $300? That's your slow over 400. And we have like almost 1100 here on this one. Wow. Which of these phrases or expressions bugs you the most? Weapons of mass destruction? $220 people said that. You go, girlfriend, 107. Oh, I'm so glad this one did so well because it's the, Jesus Christers, the God squad. There always, what would Jesus do? WWE JD. He dropped cluster bombs on his enemy. I remember WWE JD, that's in Chicago. But WWE JD, what would Jesus do? 83 of you said that really bugs the crap out of you. Those Jesus Christers. You know what I'm saying? No, what do you say? 72 people voted for it. You know what I'm saying? What's your take? That did pretty well. 57. What's your take? Don't even go there. 52. You know how I saw these all kind of like tied together? I bad. I bad. 45, George has that all the time. My bad. You know? 4. I can't believe that only had 43. I thought that was always the biggest complaint of everybody. His assholes who say, you know? You know? Like stupid jokes say that a lot. Well, you know, my niga 42. Embedded 31. Closure and was up dog each half 30. Shock and all. Which I forgot we actually did put that on there. It's a damn good thing because 26 people voted for shock and all. Their shock and their all. Talk to the hand 25. Never heard that in my life. I never heard that in my life. You don't watch a lot of Jerry or Ricky or any of that. Yeah. That's why I still have my sanity. Talk to the hand and was up each had 25. 24. 27. 22. Dog as in what's up dog. But just dog 21 as in mad dog. Little dog big dog crappy dog. Hot dog. I'll be honest with you. 20. No, I won't. 20. Yaddi. 17. Dude. And whatever 14. Hey bro 13. Hey bro when I would like a man on the 60s. I'm no coders. No seriously. Hey bro when is old. Out right. Ancient. Brought. Broughts are out. Well, I'm you're happy about that. But fair and balanced and collateral damage each had 11 collateral damage. I mean all those little parts that used to be a body. Yeah, that's collateral damage. Let's roll 10. Goes yard for home. Why am I going to read all these other ones? Anything under 10. I'm not going to waste my time with okay. At the end of the day seven word seven and whatnot had seven. Snail mail head owner or couple. You know, out of all of these there's only one that didn't have any votes. Heads up. It's going to give you a heads up that we're going to do some spots in a minute. Heads up. Had none. Well, that's not really that annoying though. It's just kind of stupid. Here's the poll for today. Another one of those that we're going to be building dramatically throughout the day. And I must confess that I have several bedtime stories. Oh no, you're not going to do that. Are you? Yes. I got a lot of stuff to important just to gloss over. Very important. In fact, you better your assignment today and over the weekend is to go to new Rogers.com and check out because we got some heavy duty crap. Carlos is still working on these 75 100 stories we got on today on the website. I mean he is working feverishly in there. So yesterday I get a call from the bank. Yesterday I feel that about three o'clock. Is this Mr. Mac. Yes, it is. Wow. Did you write a check to, you know, I wrote a little bonus check there for a Beiner Boy for the great work he's doing on the weekend. I could have said who? Carlos who? That was then I would have been thinking through. Oh, that would have been fun. I wouldn't have been on the same. Right. I would have said who? And especially since one of the check numbers, it's out of sequence. I wrote it out of my check book as opposed to like the computer I was able to write all my checks on the computer. And so it was out of sequence. So I should have said, well, I proves it. So yeah, call the cops. In fact, don't let him leave. Don't let him leave. Grab him right now. Forgiver. He's like some little illegal alien beiner boy looking at that. I said keep him there. Keep him busy, keep Machipide. Call the IRS, the INS. The CIA. The legal alien. Call the INS immediately. So anyway, I didn't mess it sure. Whatever. Small potatoes. Weapons of Managed Destruction. They're not too happy with that. Oh, look at that. LAD test prove that the militants produce deadly toxins. How do you like that? The, I mean, the irony of this is, and they found those boxes this morning with all that white powder. Right. And we're going to really upset with them because they have all these anthrax weapons of Managed Destruction. They got some freaking nerve doing something like that. I'll tell you that right now. Just the, I guess the irony must be lost on a lot of people. The fact that we're dropping this, you know, I mean, Zidians, what would you're up like 24 trillion bombs so far? And we got all these body parts flying around a lot of these grotesque stories. And of course, a lot of allied, wouldn't know, that coalition forces. Yes. I'm sorry. Excuse me. I want to be politically correct. Well, the coalition forces are going to come home and body bags, etc. But since the American public is satisfied that it's going to be under five hundred. It's like that it's not so bad. And the target, the good news for you is that Jessica is okay. She's safe and sound. Well, about it, they finally an outman in that hospital. They wanted to empty-tate one leg because she had two broken legs. And she was like running the verge right on the edge. But they didn't do it. Good. Thank goodness. So Jessica's going to become a home super going to have parades. We're going to have parades. Streamers. We're going to have to be waving big flags. It's going to be great. Right. Right. God. I think that's fantastic. Ten minutes after nine and five sixty WQAM. I'll tell you, place that's really fantastic. And you ought to be going to this weekend. Pizza law. Go there before the rumors eat up all the food that's left. Seriously, pizza law is great. The food is fresh. It's delicious. They give you big portions. No no. Soggies. They are going to do that. Everything is cooked. I'll venting. In other words, fresh to order the way you like it. And they got all your favorite pasta dishes. They got chicken and meal and seafood. Three different kinds of pizza. Including that food. Who got some actually four different kinds of pizza now. You want to know why? Why? Because they got the pizza. They got pizza. And they got the pizza. And they got the ones and super subs. All of it for like I said. Tenty tiny prices. Big fresh portions. That's why people keep coming back again and again to a great family restaurant. Two of them now in Broward. Pizza law. In a daily, a university drive between Griffin and 595. Call us number nine five four nine one six eighty eighty. Eat it there. Have it delivered or stuff. I take it home. You're not afraid of me. I think so. I'd love to. And the owners of these mouth shut. I'll slap you if our family does not use proper pizzas. Smell the excitement. We, baloney.าย from有一 business, 80 eighty eighty three four and five. Rear policy, now. 제五. Tyler. Wonderful. Creme伦 Иumb mobilized theye chicken from p Peanut Creme伦 $9.dio don't get much better than that. My life and love all this is 420560. 2A yeah. Oh, R-O-N. Those of all. I breath again when we'll be safe. I try to suit just God here later again. So the fruit of my order. I circle them with asking me. What something from how did they stay for me? Now I remember. God be my brother. My true. I'm happy. I'm oldie. Now I'm the tears fail. I eyes. It's not here. I realize. My side of eyes. I'm 15-56. I see. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to move for bacon. I don't care. I don't care. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. I'm going to get to the house. It will be America's backing of democratic movements throughout the Middle East. It will bring about this sense of unease. We want you to realize now for the fourth time in 100 years. The Saudi world family most fear were on the side of your own people. Wolves of the U.S. served a CI director under President Baba Clinton was taking part in a teaching at UCLA, a series of such forums at universities across the nation. A group calling itself Americans for victory over terrorism sponsors the teachings and the Bruin Republicans UCLA's campus Republican organization, co-sponsored WENTDANETS event. The group was founded by former education secretary, the U.S. ultra-right wing, moralizer William Bennett, who also took part in Wednesday's event along with Paul Brimmer, a U.S. ambassador during the Reagan administration and the former chairman of the National Assembly. The former chairman of the National Commission on Terrorism. So if you're ready for Dr. Nake, you're ready for NWW4. And this is exactly what Osama told us. That's what he wanted. Wage war against Islam. All the Muslim countries get every Muslim in the world, all whipped up into a frenzy. You're the evil ones now. We're going to like do our thing. They just tend to have their suicide bombing this morning by the way. Three more. Three more American soldiers killed another homicide bombing in Iraq. It was worth it. Now I'm serious. This is exactly what Osama Bin Laden wanted. And everybody said, oh no, no, no, no, no. Get sucked into that. That's going to be the worst possible thing. You're going to wage war against every Muslim country on a face of the earth. And they should be a grander nervous, as what he says. In other words, we're going to impose democracy whether they want it or not. Whether that's the lifestyle that they want, whether that's their concept of life, which by the way, it is not. It's not. The values are exactly the opposite of what Islamic values are in that part of the world. So it's said, or else instead of being concerned about getting those illegal settlements on a West Bank, I'll wrap up and getting those people back where they belong. Instead of getting that situation straight now, what are we doing? We're making more threats and more occupation. More threats, more occupation, more wars, more bombs, more dead people, more billions and trillions of dollars for the military industrial establishment that are going to come out of your pocket. So I'm glad that you're getting sucked in my first caller from Boko there, my young genius. I'm delighted that you're getting sucked in by these manipulated visions that you see in this, made for TV a war. Because that's exactly what it is. A video game made for TV, where there is no real blood, no real pain, no real bloodshed, no real naming, no real dead people. Just a lot of people smiling and welcoming us with open arms and flowers, and the hearsay of Frisbee. It's worth it. Oh my god. James Woolsey. Seriously, this story right here. This is all you need to know. You can forget you can forget about all this other stuff. That's all the world needs to know. When they hear this kind of crack, the intentions of this administration is group of maniacs who have taken over who've stolen control of this country. And whether we want to go there or not, this is where they're dragging us. That's got to be why Rumsfeld is just a couple of days ago was rattling the spheres about Syria and Iran because they're next. Now the Brits say, oh, count us out. We're not in on that one. Well, too bad. We don't care. Well, then they don't get a cut. That's right. They don't get their share of the spoils. I'm doing, I'm serious. What's happening in this country now? This makes Joe McCarthy would be humiliated. I mean, he's not even the same category. What's happening in this country now? A piker. In the village voice, which are some of our bedtime stories, I'm not going to have time to get to those. I don't think about talk radio and what's going on in the name of talk radio in this country, too. You can't come on here and say the things that I'm saying. You just can't do it. I mean, here I can do it because it's, you know, QAM. It's Miami. It's out Florida. Most of the people are walking day anyway. Why do you say? Now that kind of thing. I'll give an example about Florida. ACLU or just recall of religious AIDS pamphlet. The American Civil Liberties Union asked the Florida Department of Health yesterday to remove some AIDS education brochures from circulation because they're full of biblical messages. Oh, good. The pamphlets with Florida Department of Health printed on the cover along with the agency's logo are titled a Christian response to AIDS and used biblical passages to urge compassion toward people with AIDS in the HIV virus. A Christian response to AIDS printed by the Florida Department of Health. The brochure asks, how would Jesus respond to a person with HIV and AIDS and promises that Jesus is our hope? It quotes several biblical passages throughout. Health Department officials said the pamphlet which has been around more than a decade is on a list of AIDS education materials approved by the state for community organizations to use. In some cases, the brochures may be bought by the state and directly distributed to the groups. In other cases, the groups may buy them on their own, but can use state grant line to do so. In other words, your tax dollars. The pamphlet used in several states and published by one of the largest health educational printers in the country has been criticized elsewhere. Last month, Pennsylvania officials took it off their state's health department website after the ACLU complained. In a letterly floated Department of Health asking that it stopped buying and associating itself with the pamphlet, ACLU uploaded director Howard Simon said the brochure may have a worthwhile goal, but contains a message that shouldn't be delivered by state government. While the state must respond to this public health crisis and five Wednesdays stop the spread of the AIDS virus, the state must base its message on medical and scientific information rather than advocate a particular Christian set of beliefs on Rotel Secretary John Aguanovi. Secretary and messages are inappropriate for agencies of the state. That's in the past. I guess nobody's updated Howard Simon on what the hell is going on now. Your all the stands could be stopped open to the act of everyone. The brochure was first published in 1990 by the Channing L. Beat Company, a South of the Earthfield, Massachusetts, and has been on and off the states and proved over the years to town libraries to for the health department HIV AIDS Bureau. He said it was approved to get in 2000 about the time several church organizations became active in AIDS outreach. We'll consult our attorneys and determine if the points in the ACLU letter are correct and if so we'll take action. He said the path it was approved by a review panel at primarily looks at the medical accuracy of the information in the material. Simon said the ACLU had records showing the agency it not only approved the brochures used, but it purchased 13,000 of them itself for about 4,500 bucks. The Democratic Senator Ron Klein of Delray, Beat Said he'd never seen the brochure but when he showed it he said we should look into this and get them to pull it. And one of the other articles on this also pointed out that there was nothing. Nothing about the medical aspects of HIV and AIDS or about prevention. None of that was in the pamphlet. Just religious teachings we must turn to Jesus. Officials in Governor Bush's office referred calls to the health department. They're non-committled their mum. They ain't saying nothing. You're governor. You're board again right wing governor. Who would never lie to us of course? But it's trying to subvert the will of the elected with that class size amendment. With his devious plans. And this is what you want, man. This is what the public wants. I'm just passing along the reality and you do whatever it hell you want. You know, just keep looking Bush. Five, what am I given the numbers up for? I'm getting to a caller to hear in there. I got a lot of heavy duty stuff, man. Heavy duty stuff. Oh, the pull is up. We can vote on it. Well, I don't know if I'm going to put up. Who the hell should I put up? Your Rogers. No. I know listen to his show. I'll put up Michael Jackson just for that because he makes me nauseous. But some of his music, I'll admit I already know stuff. That's what they record of stuff. Some of the stuff with your old stuff we like, but we don't want it. Oh, M&M's got nine. Oh, no. Because of that move. And Michael Jackson's seven? Eight mile? Ever been there? No. Let's go to my camos and eight miles of strip club now, by the way. If it's still there, and if you're buying it. No. I'm playing tickets. Detroit one way. 20 till 10 at 5.60. WKUAM on a Friday man. You can smell the intention in the air. It's repeated throughout the day. Without, I should say, without any sort of analysis or, I mean, again, we're hearing from the Iraqi Ministry of Information and the Americans are not at the airport. Well, clearly they are. Yeah. Well, of course, they lie a lot too. Well, the real truth sayers. The real two tellers, please don't mean the Iraqis. They don't believe anything that they're, uh, who the takes tell you? They're full of crap. Hey, we're down to the final four in basketball. Man, we got to Stanley Cup playoff start in just a few days. And the baseball's on again, all of these things. If you want to lay down some bets, all you degenerate cameras out there, you better know who you're dealing with. And VIPsportsbook.com is the people you ought to be because they're the best. They'd be the best. You can have complete trust in VIPsportsbook.com, a legal and licensed sportsbook, and one of the original online books and still, like I said only moments ago, the best. You like high parlayons? How to parlayons? How to parlayons? How about a free same day payout? How about 15% cash bonus and a new first deposit? But most of all for the past 70 years VIPsportsbook.com Is your interpretation as the sportsbook with the best customer service? Sportsbookreview.com is rated at the number one customer service two years in row. Is our bacon coming by the way? Yes, thank God for how he's. Who knows? It might be your turn to go on a roll of a lifetime, plunging your guts and making some real cash, but you better make sure you're in right sportsbook if and when that happens. So sign up online at VIPsportsbook.com and get you a 15% cash bonus and a new first deposit. Nothing I've started out a winner. If you're not online just call them toll free at 1-8-6-VIP Betts. That's 8-6-VIP Betts for keep in mind. The 15% sign up bonus is only available online, so please get yourself online and get you that 15% cash bonus today. At VIPsportsbook.com, where you definitely be the VIPs. What? See, this is, with these short breaks, I'm not used to this now. I don't want to play the same damn thing, and I just got through a plan. You don't have time to fart. Right. My group post friend Miguel was just coming here with a spy report about how it's burned. Yeah, and the first thing you heard was sofa king again, and they're like, raving about this great thing they discovered. What is wrong with him? I think he's a pint too much monkey business with a bush bee. Here's a story of a matter of a monkey who was stunking weapon still blow up the world. At a mustache, buray and body double, gas little boys and girls. Here's a story of a man named Hans Blitz who was busy just inspecting him besides. You're right. But the you went, just could not find the weapons. There were about unknown. Till this one busy, alert, pull that to yellow. Orange cones that were no more than a hundred. That's a dumb, just by our resolutions. That's the way they all became a crazy bunch. That crazy bunch. That crazy bunch. That's the way they all became a crazy bunch. Oh, 945, 560, WQM, the mad dog at one. We got Eddie K. from Gulfstream for the Humperate 3-7. No, then we got Marlon's stuff. Marlon's at the braves. Guess who's on after the Marlon game, the big- Oh, we all hated night. That's a good spot for him. Oh, I got interspersed to call or two. Maybe we'll get some suggestions for the pool. It's going to be difficult because I got a lot of stuff that I want to pass along. Clearly, James Wolsey's story. World War IV, baby. We haven't declared it yet, but we're just in it. So get with it. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, now. Yes, sir. I thought that Wolsey, did you say he was Clinton's? Yes, he was directed to the CIA. Yes, but he's a real right wing rabid deluntit. Well, I guess about a week ago and they first broke the news that the Syrians were smuggling stuff across the border. He was a guest. I don't remember which show. They asked him what did he think that they would do about that. He said, oh, there's no question Syrians next. We have to go in there. Yeah. I don't mean I don't mean I don't mean I don't mean I don't mean I don't mean I don't. All these people are jumping on the bad wagon. Now, the things seem to have turned around. And we're like just a few miles outside of Baghdad. And we're going to control the airport and we're doing this. And the people are like taking frisbee from us. These people better understand. This is only the beginning. This is just the start of what they've got in mind and it's kind of And do we live or anything anybody? Well, we'll see how that goes. Another thing occurred to me from your spot that they just legalized sports gambling in this Country. They could probably buy the Middle East and not have to kill anybody. There you go. Good point. And one more thing. Of course, these people listen to this station. When did you last see book, Sean B. in person? Uh, few months ago? He swallowing Hank. I couldn't believe that. Oh, no, no, no, you're telling me he ballooned up again? I'm believeable. Oh, my god. Boob Chobby is going up to 295 pounds again boys and girls and there's a high outside Pits. It's one lot. Thanks for the bad news. Can you believe that that's bad? Is that true? Have you seen him? Not late. We want to spy report from inside the building. Please tell us the books. There hasn't ballooned back up again. I saw a few months ago. He looked. I saw a few months ago. Somebody in don't you remember I commented. I was so proud. He kept it all fall away. This is a guy. It's a QAM thing. Carlos and I were discussing that this morning and between talking about how I stop him and I'm going to check. Now about the fact that this is such a place with so many big huge tummy fat people. That's just fat like me. I'm small potatoes. I mean big fat roton people and boob used to be one of them. And then he went on whatever I don't know what it was he went on. But on the road I guess. The deal of Jenny Ultra Nutra found. Right. And he lost a ton of weight and he really looked good. I mean for him. He's got orange hair like a cartoon character. But for him he looked pretty good. And last time we saw him. But according to this guy, I think he probably knows because he was probably out of the ballpark and seen him there. And musk is under it's a dirty lie. That's a lie. Muff says it's an absolute thank you. How do you like that? See why do people do that? This guy sounds like a marginal guy. And right away he makes up a story about the boob's. It just because I said we were proud all the way. You just want to rip somebody and ask man if there's anything we can't stand. It's people like you. They want to rip somebody and ask like our drunk and sales manager. We hate that stuff. That's drunk and slun. I mean that kind of stuff. What? I don't like that. People if it's deserved like in her case, no problem. Okay? The truth this speaks of I'm just a bald face lie. See there he goes again with that ball stuff. You know what? Ball stuff? Get off the ball that's on. Take off those checkered pants. Get out of here. He'll be back Monday by the way for those of you who've been Jones in for the Amolmester. He'll be back with guilty on Monday. Thanks for the heads up. Yeah. Not a heads up. It's a warning. Official issues of apology for comment on gaze. This is it. It's so typical of what's going on. What America's all about today. Hollywood. Hollywood Florida this old cocker. Oh, standing before a group of outraged gay residents. Hollywood commissioner Sal Alaviri. Apologize for a comedy made Wednesday about homosexuals. Saying he understands homosexuality has nothing to do with pornography. About 10 men and women including a realtor Salon owner and exterminator. That's what we want an exterminator. Gathered at City Hall 4PM yesterday to demand that Alaviri apologizes to be held accountable for his remark. The community's passionate response was prompted by a remark about gaze. Alaviri made when discussing his opposition to having another adult entertainment business open in Hollywood. Alaviri was upset about a deal of city struck with a business owner and said the city had a moral obligation not to settle along with the business owner filed. Near the end of his comments, Alaviri said, wake up America. Otherwise you have a pervert or a homosexual living next to you. Or working next to you. Late Thursday afternoon while the group waited to hear from all of very Mayor Marraguelante spoke to them. Marra member Marguelante went to all those t-shirts off the beach life as a beach. She's another bitch. Spoke them in for all of us the hour in a conference room. I almost choked when he made his comments. I wondered if he meant it that way said Galani who added she must review the tape. On further review. Salas made some of the most outrageous statements in democracy. You get all kinds. She said. Yeah, you get all kinds. Like him, which I think is what she meant is. The group said a city staffer told the, told them they needed an appointment to see Alaviri. But after about an hour, he came downstairs from a city hall orifice ready for parents statement and answered some questions. Some said they were satisfied with all of our apology, but others said the commissioner escorted the issue. Or he was wearing a skirt. Carol Hohen, a pediatric nurse told Alaviri. I want you to know I'm offended for anyone to say my sexual category throws me into a pedophile category. Alaviri said tensions ran high at the commission meeting and did not mean to say, almost sexual is doing his comments. He meant to talk about pedophiles. He said, right. Flip it the tongue. In other words, what I guess he really meant to say if I can find it was, there's no fact in the church. Right. Everyone who is right to know, what did you hear this? Everyone who is righteous has the right to live the way they do all of our study yesterday. Everyone who is righteous. You know, something I'm so sick and tired of these crazy ass guy and all this business about this war to different our freedoms. We don't have any goddamn freedoms. Just like that thing about the pamphlet they use having to respect down about. That has nothing to do with HIV or health education, but I have to do it in closing religion. And here's our good friends from Howe's again, which we thank him profusely. Be sure and give him a hundred bucks. Okay. Give a hundred bucks. 560, 5050, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon. Thank you, sir. Thank you so much. Of course, Rocher has a monitor turned out so we can't hear it. That's okay. We understand. See there you go. How is we love you? Here we go. We're going to steal how he's from them. I didn't know the monitor turned out. Oh, he heard it. He doesn't know what this place is. We'll probably better off. Yeah. Very manllows got 17 votes already. What celebrity, music, TV, radio, movies do you enjoy, but never would admit it. Very manllow 17. M&M 16. Michael Jackson 8, George Rodriguez 7. That's me, boys. 6. And stink 5. Oh, George Michael 4. How are they? How do you like that? Neil Rogers 3. Richard gear 2 and boy George has won. We don't want to see it, but he has won. Well, we got a lot of stuff today, man. Heavy, heavy duty. Here's Miami. Hello. No, okay. Not interested. Not interested. Okay. Not interested. Like that. When you got your phone deep inside your. No. Not interested. Here's Miami. Hello. I love you, right? I'm bigger pardon? Hey, Neil. Yes sir. The poll isn't fair. Okay, because I love them and know them, but I wanted to vote for post, text, voice, and and then say. But you can only pick one, whichever one is the most embarrassing to you. I chose the extra. And another thing. You like the best, boys? Well, don't admit it, because they might recognize your voice. But another thing is, I've been hoping in praying that you can play the, uh, uh, uh, uh, how are they written, uh, Carlos bit. I haven't heard that one in a while. How are you? What is that called? Uh, you know I'm not asking you a most. Oh, my rapes, Carlos. Oh, my Ralph, I did. Take them. Okay, thank you. My rapes, Carlos. John's the Cata. There's one. Get it down. Oh, that's. Oh, he makes me nauseous. But somebody actually likes him. I wouldn't admit it. John's the Cata. One thing about John's the Cata by the way, which really shocked a lot of me. He has a wife, you know. Uh, whoo. Yeah. We already had this story like was it, I think two days ago, US soldiers in a rack asked to pray for post. Thank you. But we already had that two days ago, I believe. And in fact, a much better story. And this one. Thank you. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. As I started to say only moments ago, this whole Christianization of America pluralism is out. pluralism is out. This is what these right wing many actually been trying to do for years and years now. You know, we had the the, the, what the was the fall ball thing, the or all majority, right? And then we had the anal majority, which George was the founder of that. And Dwight, love it. It was his only member. No, he let me handle out a member. But nobody else wanted to talk about it. Oh, yeah, the Pearl Jam thing we'll care about that. And the bunch of people got up to walk out of the concert because the guy ripped, Bush and he ripped the mask up. We don't care. Good. I say you go boys. Oh, Pearl Jam. You go Eddie. Yeah. Is that he better? Very man, low 18. Better nothing. Oh, we got some bacon. Let's hear it. I'm just, they're gripping a lot. Okay. I'm sorry. I apologize right off the bat. We got a lot of bacon. That's it. Oh, it'd better be more. Just a star. Hmm. You know something? I guess bacon is easy to make, you know? But I've never made it in my life. Really? I've never made bacon. Well, they're just no chips. They're like fried and then put it like in the coaster. I'm into like crisp it up. No, there's different ways, but you know what works really well for. Is the always has a best and bacon. Really? It works really well for it. I don't have my lean pain right now. George gave me years ago. It's about the only useful thing to give me. Give me a lot of other crap. And bacon's about the only useful thing to make it. Well, greasy things. We're not making burgers in there because it cooks on both sides. greasy things. Yeah. Where the grease just drains right out. How about we're 10 luck is it would be good. Hmm. I do like. Don't make those. My can't eat them. But this is at conzuch. Huh? Yeah. Not good for you, bacon, but I don't care. I mean, you know, I've been doing so perfect since I've been back here. A color for his ordered food. Carl sort of some food. The price is right. Thanks. How is where is how? He's not giving him a plug. I'm warning you they just mentioned their name and just suck up the free food because that fads act. Oh, we'll research it. And speaking of fat, by the way. I don't know. Is this a barn burger today? I'm going to be around your show. But guess what? Guess what? Because it's Friday. You bastard. You know what that means? And by the way, we all bookshobby in a apology. I'm going to have a nice jackass that's coming for. Muff was really porked off about that too. He was foaming it. Did I just see how I upset he was? Right. Man, he was pissed. No one. But we got the beast coming in today. And I'm going to tell you one thing right now. I don't want to make threats. But what do you laugh about? If this man hasn't lost at least. At least, I'll give him a minimum. Two more pounds since last Friday. I'm personally going to call the people at balance for life. And we're going to start giving that food to the homeless people. And we'll even let them make their choices from the menu. A little bit of a little bit of a boy. That's right. Even though he don't need to lose anyway, because he weighs about 48 pounds. Soking wet. But he's soaking his balls in the sink. That's one bad thing about eating bacon on here. It gets in your throat. Not good. I don't care. I really don't care. So I apologize ahead of time if I sound raspy and gagging and choking. Maybe I have SARS. Car Wash sounds really good to me. That's an excellent idea. This is a great day, man. You know what? You can smell it. You can feel it. Can't you feel it? Car Wash sounds like a real weiner to me. We got bacon. We got you want it. We got it. What you can't have any. Why not? It's kosher. Thanks a lot of me. Go. Oh, hey. Okay. That's what our dark and collected car Wash guy. I said he said he's kosher. He looks like Sammy Davis. And Rod Caroo. That's right. Our poll question is going to be namesome black twos. Huh? Rod Caroo. Sammy Davis. Sammy Davis. And Rod Caroo. And the filoshes. And most you put it. You put your filoshes on? Man, you'd see the weather in Toronto. It's like icing and snowing and around the temperature right now. I even know it's like early April. It's. But. Terrible. I got out of there just to the right time. And it got them. Saras have people died from SARS already. How many people do you think of died in the entire country? Are in the continent from SARS so far? But. Two cases in date counting. Nothing. We want anybody out there to get nervous about it. Just relax. Okay. Just relax. There's. Oh, US marine fine sign. I didn't muster ages in the you're fray. It's not a great time about it. Finding those pots and trees years a rope who unit their analyst would say would lead you to believe that it was a something done on for a business to poison US troops. So that's the source US marine's the current with commander this year. That's to who is he tell us the officer and the exo all independently confirmed you as an allowing us to present this information on television. U.S. marine spine cyanide and mustard agents that you've afraid to. Oh, they allowed them to present it on television. Are you surprised at that? I'm shocked that they would love them to report such things. 9.58 at 5.60 WQA. How tell you place this weekend that you're going to really talk about food. Pick out and have a great meal. The Emerald Coast Chinese buffet. You want to really really enjoy yourself. Just go in there and spend like four or five, six hours to like kick you out. Because the food is fresh and crunchy and delicious. There's nothing mushy like those other Chinese buffet. There's no Chinese headaches syndrome. They're because they don't use any MSD or cornstarch. And they cook all other stuff only in cholesterol free oils that the world famous. Emile coast buffet. How tell you how I attack the buffet? You start out with six different soups. And take you might enjoy all of them if you want as many as you want. Then there are dozens and dozens of succulent entries. There's so many that we can't even list them all here on the show. But, turn man. Oriental Surf and turf on a weekend. The New York Strip steak made the word of the gourmet citadel. It's a sizzling Asian grill. And they have teriyaki steak and shrimp trick and seafood handcar. For a ribbon, the men are the amazing part of the whole deal is they cook it all to order too. If you want it well done, you want it like rare, you want it off, whatever. There are faith features of whole salad bar, new sushi bar, fresh room, cocktail. And it will coast famous lobster basket of fast as back featuring lobster thermators and lobster Bisc. And bring a big hearty appetite man. Bring a big public and fill it up because the dessert bars are amazing. There are pies and cakes and pastries ice cream with all your favorite toppings. And fresh fruit, what an ending to a gigantic pig out. So get the whole gang together and go for a big big feast. At the airport coast this week, into anytime, three locations for you. And sunrise, there are a pineapple and by 44th street. On Collins Avenue, just north of 163rd in prestigious used to be Great North Miami Beach. There were tenor-sectioner flamingo and pembroke roads in pembroke pines. They have separate reservations, take on delivery available as well. If you want a gigantic mirror, you can go in and eat as little as you want, but just some really great chow. At a very affordable price, this is the place called 954 57723822. 954 57723822 for directions more information on the amazing world flaming, airmilt coast Chinese buffet. We are sports radio 560. You a m. Why the you best is? Oh! I'm queer, I'm goodbye, I'm a bag who likes gym ball. I can't do confirmed this mission. It's back, but that's not all. I'll be waiting for you to get me the floor, as it's alive. You're so bad of you, you're still so pissed off. You're so good at that. You're so good at that. You're so good at that. You're so good at that. You're so good at that. You're so good at that. I'm talking to one of these young, two-off, I confess. I'm out, but do a stick gun. I like to wear a dress. I look back on the spot, I look back on the spot. I look back on the spot, I look back on the spot. I look back on the spot. I'm out of three and five, 60WQM, wait to hear this. Staying that a principle is about American foreign policy, and it says the organization is called P-NAC. Project for New American Century. Again, I appreciate the information, but we've had this for so many weeks on this program. And we had it on our website. And still we have the website, the website, prisonplanet.com. You want to really read up on P-NAC, go to prisonplanet.com, which we have a link to on our website. And you'll read all about it. About all these people in this administration, Richard Pearl and Wolfowitz and all of these crowd. Jeff Bush, George W. Uh, Rumsfeld, Paramong Gearing, speaking to her on Gearing. Billingham Mass, civil libertarians are monitoring a school for telling parents when their children don't stand for the pleasure of allegiance. Oh, you like that? It seems to me a form of harassment, Ron Maddenick, director of the Worst Air Chapter of the ACLU said Wednesday. Maddenick said some students had been willing to take an out of the class and send to the principles office for refusing to stand during the pleasure of allegiance, as way of protesting the war in Iraq. He sent letter to superintendent TC Maddox on Wednesday and is waiting for response. Maddenick said students were not called out of class, but acknowledged that school officials know if parents of students who don't stand for the pledge. Refusing to stand during the ceremony does not violate a school rule Maddenick said, but he said students are expected to stand and also obey a moment of silence every morning. They are not disciplined for not standing, he said, but it's the school's responsibility to communicate with parents about a student's behavior, like if they fart real bad. Maddenick said he's not sure how many students have refused to stand for the pledge, doesn't know how old they are, he said he hasn't spoken with the students. Well, lunch is speak to him, okay? Find out what it's all about. The Gestapo is watching you, man, what do you win school, what do you win school, no matter where to head you are? Here's Michelle, who says how about adding Barbara Strisen and Ricky Martin at least, which I just did, I listen to them under covers, she said Michelle, and George would like to be under the covers with you as well. Michelle. Michelle, listen to them under cover, and I can't blame her in either case, especially Ricky Tickey Martin. My God, Kinnis must much, you'll Barbara Strisen or Ricky Martin, I think that's a real real tough one, or Donna Shalela. 56070560, how's the vote? We already got the poll up, their Eminem's got 22, which celebrity music TV radio or movies, you enjoy but would never admit it. Eminem 22, very man, low 22, George Rodriguez 13, he'll Rogers 10. Oh, good. Part of that closet audience, George Michael 9, Michael Jackson 9, a backstreet voice. Have 9. Well, they got 9. More Howard David's got 7, and Stink's got 6, boy George 3 Richard Gier 3 and John Saccada has got 1, oh brother, can't handle it. Here's a call from Bokha, hello. Hey Neil, what's going on? Yes sir. Listen, I really admire the sound of that you put on your show, that's very enjoyable. I have one that I want to give you, and if you would play it, I'd really appreciate it if you're friend as an ex-girlfriend as a real moron. You always said this for everything, all super comments, you always used to say, What are you mean? Every super comment, and if you use that on the show, I'd be like, You got one way, man, give me a 2 second closet, and then you got a sense that we can lift it. Okay, what are you mean? Not bad. That's pretty funny, right? I give it about 7.5 on a skill of 10, not bad. Thanks, Bob. Take it easy. What do you mean? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, and 60. I'll be honest with you. Oh my band. Yeah, I put up dog. 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Here's a lady in Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, man. Neil, I love your show. I'm the first time calling. All right, I'll give you a good show for anything. For love or money. I love it. But Neil, I got what a good thing from my your whole home yesterday is all good. Oh, yeah, oh, I love it. That's a good one. I love that. It's not even bubble wall. That was his favorite. Oh, right. Thanks, sweetheart. Okay, Neil. Bye bye. It's all good. Everyone of those comedy bits were bubbles on them. It's all good. Check it out. It's all good. Good, we're just called. That's not all good. That's all bad. All bad. Okay. You're simply putting piece of crap. He knows what a bunch of pussy's run his place. He knows that Muff is scared of his own shadow. He's a person's busy pounding the beast, rally pounding the beast. Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60. So was that yesterday show from five to seven on the station? That's somehow missed it. Beauty in the beast. Well, I guess it was going to be that way. We had to wrong Josh on for them. I don't be starting to make, you know, that's what you're the one. Look at me. I don't know what. I don't know what. I don't know what. I mean, finish my sentence. No, I know where you're going. Yeah, right down the hall and see where that kid's working. What room is in? I wonder, I wonder who hired him. Five, six, seven, oh five, six. Oh, I had pound five, six, the on the 18. Oh, here you go. I thought you're learning your lesson. I'm building the pool. I see you can't go back and change your boat. But you know what to bad. Learn my lesson. Fals wrong with you, idiot. All these instructors out there. How to do the pool on the pole expert. Maybe I don't my pool. Nobody does pool like. Oh, good. God, almighty. Even George admits that. So I've heard. I can sniff out a great pool from 50 yards away. Here's what it says. I guess there's still stuck on yesterday's expressions. When your girlfriend calls why your wife is home and says, I'm late. What? I'm late. Okay. Is in other words, for her period. Right? Is that I don't look at me. It's not in my category. That's your kind of stuff. You sure ought to be able to relate to it. Oh, man. You, uh, woo. That's how I think I. Wow. Oh, here you go. Fill Henry's back to normal. He had on the school teacher, a torture. Your students didn't prepare them to be pw's and George pushes war. How can he do that? And other words, he's like, uh, all over the place now. Maybe he's sneaking what in there. Are you sure? Maybe they got in prisoner. Maybe. We're going to start a fund. Really release. Fill Henry from captivity fund over a cheap channel. They've got him in a torture chamber in a small 8 by 10 room. Fitting him only perrogues. And old, uh, still water with the real bad, uh, bad ice cubes. They don't have bad ice cubes. Yeah. So, mm. Just had to empty out my ice cube thing from my refrigerator a few days ago. Because, uh, I don't want to say that my maid never empty that. I'm not a refrigerator for about two years, you know, few imagined the yellow mung in there and it's. Of course, your order that will use ice cubes. But when I did the last time, man, nasty stuff and see things crawling around in there. Yeah. Automatic ice vaciors. Yeah, yeah. Right. You got to empty those out. Like, here were you five six years would be good. Just bring them under the hot water and they're all melts down the sink and everybody gets him new ones going. Okay. Okay, Jeannie. Let's go, honey. God, damn it. Five six, seven. Five, five, six, six, six, six on the AT&T. We've got to play that to a very manlobe, but, uh, momentarily. I better get the thing out now, though. What thing? What? Is it in here? Jees. What? It is not in there. It is not in there. You crazy. I bet you, y'all bet you Carlos's life that it's not in there. You got a Chinaman's chance in hell. It's not in there. I'm telling you right now, it's never been in there. All the good stuff isn't in there. You guys, you know, you, you see in. So what's that got to do with it? Is the ACN somehow have, like, the disc that you can't copy the thing? You can't put it just now. No, conveniently collected in a thing either. Disc for track 39 got that down boys and girls. This for number 39 only for good. Right. I was in again six, uh, 439. 440. What? 440. About 30 man. Nine. 5, 6, 5, 5, 6, it would better do it. No way. That's right. You guys can do that. That's right. But this is the one. If you are in this location, by the way, because our sales departments take an equipment and vacation and they're trying to scrapes through and out the floor in a sales office, she's still hanging out there, literally. Your field B. Chillow. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. I mean, I kind of question. Do you believe, have the things that you spoo on the air? I believe everything that I see on the air, sir. If you really feel like that about this country, why not you find the better place for the list? Also in other words, if you love the country, you should just go a lot you should just go along with the game plan is that it's in other words the country is always right like in Vietnam was the country right in Vietnam sir. Excuse me? What? Let's go. Let us push tonight. Let me ask you again it has to do with the principle that you just got through saying there were a lot of people who didn't agree with Vietnam and are being there in 58,000 kids coming home and body bags and you know what? It turned out they were right. It also turned out they were an asshole okay? How do you like that? So in other words, it loving or leave it I mean so that's an old and stale and it's a stale than those ice cubes I was talking about my god and I said that I'm not saying my mouth is a country. Since what is the country? This guy can't separate Bush or the government from the country okay? The country isn't whoever happens to have stolen the election most regionally. The country is the what it's founded on the freedoms the whole concept of what America is. Which you obviously don't understand. Do I believe half the grand ambition of which if you don't like to crap by spew out? Listen to something else you're still entitled. Dr. Laura's on right now. That's right. Laura who can tell you that all the anti war people are much of communist and I'm sure she believes every word of it not crazy bitch. God almighty, she's something or what? Yeah, she's so common. He's the communist. A fucking dead right right on sweetheart. By the way, Oji still glee. 1013 at 560 WQM I love these calls so far today, man. They're great to just my kind of calls. These are the people making the case. They're making the case. Most of them are a case. Most of them are a crock. If you've been thinking about buying a new barbecue or any barbecue accessories you've got to go to barbecue's galore. Don't forget get a hit start of the barbecue in season with the perfect grittler accessories. All of the guaranteed lowest prices. Barbecue's galore carries barbecues in every price range from the top of the line commercial grade stainless steel grill to the more portable web or charcoal grill like the great one I have and enjoy for years. For all your barbecue needs of the guaranteed lowest prices don't forget. Top barbecues galore they're in plantation. I'm university drive any prestigious fountain shopping center and that location call 954-423-400. And curl springs you'll find them at 7485 West Sample Road, Corner Sample and Rock Island roads call 954-757668. Barbecues galore without any question is the barbecue specialist. Oh the good excuse. Okay. My name is Barry. Sing like a fairy. I write pencils about romance While I'm wearing Spanish pants I'm trying to shrimp me My hands are wimpier I had a series of big hits But that was back in 76 now No one wants to hear They only laugh and sneer They won't even hear All my albums Through my songs are queer Gotta know shit Like the banana By two fans both live in my channel Gotta know shit Like the banana Of my notes you can fit half of the city of Atlanta I write the song I've got a hug Besides of young girls When I get a slump of nose I need to stay in a hole But now I'm on the case My life is back in place And so I'm singing again And sticking My scars in your face Gotta know shit Like the banana By two fans both live in my channel Gotta know shit Like the banana Of my notes you can fit half of the city of Atlanta I write the song Oh, that's 17 very manlow Leading the pack by a pretty good margin now 32 votes which celebrity? Do you enjoy but would never admit it? Very manlow 32 Eminem 24 George Rodriguez 22? Thanks for your voice 13 New Rogers 13 That must be because we had him on a show Remember that? Yeah, we had New Rogers on with the AJ and Kevin I was gisting on her show George Michael 11 and stink 10 Michael Jackson 9 Mohour David it's got 9 Boy George 4 Richard gear 3 Johnson caught a 3 And we just put a barber stress in Ricky Martin no votes in I thought we'd get a lot more I mentioned then this course they don't want their voice being recognized You can like disguise your voice You can whisper it Because if people find out that you enjoyed listening to I know whoever it held my bed 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless line Here's a call from Miami hello No more mo Carl Springs hello Yeah, I'm on that yes, sir. It sounds like you It's hard to tell all right two things Number one you need to get an Indian guy or a milk and guy to go New all lobby praise, okay? Okay, that's the first thing the second thing is There's a website with the records of Jeff Bush Okay signing on September the 10th 2,000,000,000,000 Right The executive order to call out the National Guard at the state of Florida state National Guard For one That's the media asked him that and he said in case There's any civil The services and if you want to check it It is on the tower has he website that he signed it So I'm sent him with a chance 2001 I got this He's on what tower has he website The government the government Say to Florida government website Okay, and you can check this out go to from thewilliness.com Have you heard of that one Mm-hmm What? No Oh, yeah, it's from thewilliness.com And you want to go to archives, okay, and click Timeline Lucy you got some sprain into do, okay? It's from thewilliness.com and then go to Timeline Lucy you got some sprain into do As in Lucy Ricardo and it's about halfway down the page And it's Jeff Bush It's all this stuff that happened before 911 regarding the FBI Miss Ph.A. Yeah Carl Bacala group and whole thing right And Jeff Bush, it says about halfway down It says Jeff Bush sign of September the 10th You just got your saying that thank you sir He said nice and I like four times Thank you. What? We'll check it out but he's repeating the same thing over and over again Jane, our regular chronic Jane and for Lauderdale When do we, what do we do when we get in the Islamic country Democracy and the elected bunch of terrorist and religious nuts Like Pakistan? I can hardly wait for your show to start tomorrow And so sick of the rest of the media I'm obsessed with your website Our website is great Jane, you're right It's outstanding and you know, Carlos and her You're going to great job So much for a freedom if he doesn't really leave the country She said well good luck to us is right Jane And feel Henry Spire report are you sure? Couple of them The person who said Phil was back to his old self Is mistaken The show he or she referred to took place before we bootleg toward Baghdad And the days leading up to the illegal invasion Phil had a guest in quotes on the phone Who prepared a grammar school students for the horrors of war By a clikty various accidents on them For example She would shut us students fingers in the door And accidentally cut off a digit while slicing frogs French people in the science lab Of course the list is swallowed at hole and hard So to speak But Phil is still a new Nazi he turned in a recently Sonotal worry By the way, I'm not much of a horse fan But my wife wants me to take her in a kid's eight Six-naked gulfs to you on Saturday Well they have fun or be preyed upon by old Jews and priests P.S. my 52-year-old sister loves very manlow So much he can hardly keep her to herself Okay Who's doing good till he got to a gulf stream Here's another one from one of our stone list Who's a scissor at the end of a little stone Well that's good Well actually Phil is doing his using his characters To ridicule the left The character yesterday was mainly liberal And Phil was playing Lardass Limbaugh with the war praises And Schmidt anyway, F.L. and his schizophrenia ass I used to be a big fan of his But don't get jealous Neil you're still number one Yeah we're real jealous Like when he had those Phil tapes on And what I'm doing our show Remember those days? Wow 560560 560 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless line Go let me forget to get to 85 of these bedtime stories Very important stuff And you notice all the commentary on it This stuff by James Woolsey nothing We're in World War 4, get it? World War 4 it's on right now This is only the beginning This is just one chapter In an ongoing saga that's going to go on for years In years of growing these crazy people who have stolen in the control of this country But don't let me confuse you with the facts Because it's just not too pleasant Here's Halandale hello Halandale's gone? Probably croaked Here's Miami hello Yes sir Hey Neil my heart jump touch John Tesh Yep You like John Tesh? No I don't but I know what I like them so Okay yeah No that that's not the question Okay Jack asked God of it Oh man And these people are idiotic or what Just put them even talk to them Just put them on hold or not Don't get all bent out of shape Just calm down you get in two hours Go check nice free of breakfast this morning Happy brunch Pash browns bacon which I might eat in the hash browns You're a delicious brown Which celebrity music TV Radio movies do enjoyable would never admit it Not what you think somebody else would Not just a name you want to stick on those like his last punk God go back to the underpass So Carlos says you'll see you around six Neil Rogers, George Rodriguez, Richard gear, Michael Jackson Mohour David the back street boys Eminem and stink boy George George Michael very manalo John Sikata Barbara Strassehead or Ricky Martin Is the list we got so far we're not adding too many to that list You know and I'm sure that there are many many Don't you think sure But they don't what it Oh and the stuff that some of these people are sending me I just want to pass out I just want to pass out We'll pass them over here When you ever consider doing your pull that just reads who I see I've got to say the the facts is I'm getting Here's one it says I voted for him and I'm going to pull he's my secret guilty pleasure I'm also convinced that he's gay the fact that he is a child who's nothing It's the only logical answer in my geek it's pretty good Somebody just signed by by once or may anonymous and I don't blame him I don't think he's gay Very manalo 39 Eminem 27 George Rodriguez 25 although I will say Eminem is right on Barry Manalo's ass at the moment Troops find vials of white powder documents in engaging in chemical warfare near Baghdad U.S. troops found thousands of boxes of white powder nerve agent and a note An Arabic documents and how to engage in chemical warfare and an industrial site south of Baghdad U.S. officers every day Colonel John Peabody Engine air brigade commander of the third infantry division said the materials were found today at the La patia industrial complex 25 miles south of Baghdad It's clearly a suspicious sight peevey said Wasn't Peabody the dog on Mr. Peabody Yes There was a name of the cartoon On rockin' bowl ankle Sherman and Mr. Peabody Mr. Peabody said troops found thousands of boxes each of which contain three miles of white powder Together with documents written in Arabic that dealt with how to engage in chemical warfare He also said that discovered atropine used to count of the effects of nerve agent They facility had been identified by the international atomic energy agencies They suspected chemical biological and nuclear weapon site You had inspectors visit the plant at least nine times including as recently as February 18 The facilities part of a larger complex known as the La patia explosives and ammunition plant All Kakka That the QA how else would you say that QA QA A Al Kakka sir Work Kakka No Al Kakka During the 1991 Gulf War U.S. Jets bomb the plant Through this end of some aromatic spores of various things You know That they could inhale over there 26 p.m. That's 10 At 5.60 WQIM on a really interesting Friday It's interesting Yeah one moment please That's it What do you mean that's it Well there's a rejoin there Did you just say Oh thank you Taku can't keep his packer in his pants I want to happen there As soon as my look as soon as my fkman did over this show Was it mokkman? Mokkman or everything came to a halt They equipment even went on strike God Now on DVD From the director of Girls Gone Wild She is the wild wild action It's Amish gone wild Taku You may observe my ankles Oh you are a crazy girl Under my dress I am wearing laser hoses Up you gone wild We're wild I took you to wild Amish gone wild Taku my rap You have a beautiful rock May I touch it Have you ever seen a nice surprise rock Is that gross guy wild over here That's 35.60 WQIM Mokkman just stayed here Offers over here Quick flying under the radar Just don't make such a bell if a gura Because bizarre And with various strange you came in here And your thing died And my thing died Of course I heard his thing died Long time ago Ok I'm going to take advantage of the opportunity We have this hour with a very very light load And there's nothing like having a really light Don't forget to baste it to me And today Speak of heavy loads Peter will lose at least two pounds I'm serious So he better be purging on the way over here Just in case He better stop and he edge it over Especially over there at U.M. You know he hangs out there a lot Just puke over there by mark like field Pooke on first base Take a big dump on second base And take a little tinkle on third base Get it out of your system Because if he ate lost at least two pounds We're going to put somebody else who needs it badly on it Like boog Can you believe that guy called in here You and people are just a gratuitous cheap shots at people If you want to take a shot at somebody to make some kind of cost to come at about our sales manager Or general manager Or Clarence Darrell who's busy doing the beast right now That little work off some calories Sources and bag that indicate Sightham alive hidden and in command Oh my god A number of reliable sources inside bag that report The two days before the start of the war Sautham disappeared into a hidden command center And a location unknown even to his ministers Since then sources say that Sautham has not met in person with his top ministers Has not talked to them directly by phone His instructions are delivered to them by messengers in writing or in video and audio cassettes Sautham does not use the telephone or facts Which he believes can be intercepted or tracked by the Americans According to the sources Sautham who's saying second son Kusai Has believed to be the only person that are exactly where the Iraqi leader is staying Maybe he's staying in a kaka place Sautham's own appearances on television or recordings that were maybe before the war started He hasn't made any new TV appearances since he went into underground Workers at the Iraqi TV spoke of a vault inside the information ministry With hundreds of recordings each and scrapped only with two letters and a number It is said that Sautham decides which of the tapes to wear on TV by a short note indicating the code of the appropriate cassette Three different take recordings for one of the Americans are about to enter back that already waiting at TV They added delivered on Tuesday this week Picking up clues from another man wanted dead by the Americans been ladden Sautham has learned according to our experts that Americans analyzed the background Even the air clarity of the videos for clues they've location where it was taken So he's prerecorded as most important messages and instructions to Iraqi people He has also seen they can identify where a phone call originated from by the background noise And this has led to his decision to avoid making live radio broadcast to his people Sautham assumes that if the Americans here in broadcasting a guided missile be quick to follow How do you like that huh? So all that speculation out there there is to be a limit for it. There's the low down And you'll notice now that they're saying oh well, it's been confirmed that these tapes were made a long time ago Well, there's the story that they got that from that's not anything that they came up with that's their tone that that they be seen it now Oh, which story do I read first you were nauseated by the thing yesterday with a kids the head well This is from the Asia Times Cust cluster bonds liberate Iraqi children Aman The horror the horror and unlike apocalypse now these are real not fictional images to prove it But they won't be seen in western homes the new heart of darkness has emerged in the turbulent history of Mesopotamia via the Hellamessacre After uninterrupted furious American bombing on Monday night and Tuesday morning as of Wednesday night The Bradley 61 dead Iraqi civilians in more than 450 seriously injured in the region of Hila 80 kilometers south of Baghdad. It's like 50 miles Most are children 60% of Iraq's population of running a roughly 24 million are children Roll and Benjamin a spokesman for the international committee of the Red Cross in Iraq describes what happened in Hila as a horror dozens of severed bodies and scattered limbs Initially, Murtada Abbas the director of Hila Hospital was questioned about the bombing only by Iraqi journalist and only Arab cameraman working for writers in the AP were allowed on site what they filmed is horror itself The first images shot by western news agencies of what is also happening on the Iraqi front lines Babies cut in half, amputated limbs, kids with their faces a web of deep cuts caused by American shell fire and cluster bombs Nobody in the West will ever see these images because they were censored by editors in Baghdad Only a soft version made it to worldwide TV distribution According to the Arab cameraman, two trucks full of bodies mostly children and women in flower dresses were parked outside the Hila hospital Dr. Nazem El Adali trained in Scotland said almost all the dead and wounded were victims of cluster bombs Dropped in the Hila region and the neighboring village of Azarak Abbas initially said there were 33 dead and 310 wounded Then the ICRC went on site with a team of four and they said that there were dozens of dead and 450 wounded Contacted by satphone on Thursday, Benjamin confirmed there were at least 160 wounded being treated in the ill-equipped 280 bed hospital Journalists taken to a la ha ha from Baghdad on an official tour on Wednesday, talk of at least 61 dead The independence robber's fist described the moratory as a butcher shop of chopped up corpses after a robber's fist column standing by And Dr. Hussein Ghazai also from Hila hospital confirmed that all the injuries were either from cluster bombing or from bomblets that exploded afterwards When people stepped on them or children picked them up by mistake Iraqi journalist on site and later a agents France press photographer says that they've seen the reequipment small parachutes characteristic of cluster bombs Which released up to 200 bomblets Mohamed Al-Sahathi Iraqi information minister is not volunteered to tail jet on the Hila massacre US Central Command and Qatar only admits that it's used six cluster bombs in the center of Iraq and against a tank column There would be the CBU105 these would be the so-called intelligent cluster bombs which compensate for the wind The Pentagon line remains that there are no indications the US got cluster bombs in the Hila region Liedly used in Afghanistan, cluster bombs are vehemently denounced by the human rights organizations They compare their deadly effects to anti-personnel mines which are outlawed by the Ottawa Convention Not signed incidently by the US or by Iraq Cluster bombs are far from being smart most of its bomblets hit the ground without exploding The small yellow cylinders mean deadly weapon threatening civilians especially children Human rights watch in vain is tried to persuade the Pentagon not to use cluster bombs Stressing that Iraqi civilians will pay the price with their lives This is not the first incident of massive Indian deaths The independent newspaper London claims it has conclusively proved that an American missile was responsible for the devastation that the Shuala market in Baghdad last Friday With least 62 civilians confirmed dead The missile either a high-speed anti-radiation missile or a paved way laser gager guided bomb is manufactured by Rathion in Texas Rathion is the world's largest manufacturer of the so-called smart weapons including Patriots and Tomahawks Okay, I'm not going to read the whole thing You get the drift Robert Piss from the UK independent of which I spoke only moments ago he writes Whaling children the wounded the dead victims of the day cluster bombs rained on Babylon The wounds are vicious and deep, a rash of scarlet spots on the back and thighs are faced The shards of Shrapnel from the cluster bombs bird and inch or more in the flesh The words of the Hela teaching hospital are proof that something illegal something quite outside the Geneva Convention Is occurred in the villages around the city once known as Babylon The whaling children the young women with breast and leg wounds the ten patients upon whom doctors had to perform brain surgery Move metal from their heads talk of the days and nights when the exposes the felt like grapes from the sky Cluster bombs that doctors say and the deafness of the air raids around the hamlets of Nadir and Aquaman and my bread part of that yesterday Did I do not? Okay, there you go. Just a little, you know verification Rathnator writes Puzzling questions arise from bushes campaign of fear He says with a chicken hog driven war on a rack in high gear bush in Cheney of learned that the best way to silence the democratic party Distract from their miserable domestic outrageous and provide the corporate enrich classes with favors is to envelop our nation in fear Using false or distorted statements contrary to the findings of US intelligence agencies to exaggerate Iraqi threats weapons and terrorist connections as reasons for the war They're invasion and prolonged occupation may produce greater risks of stateless terrorism in the US Last fall the CIA informed Congress of justice higher probability resulting from an Iraqi invasion Watching reports describing our draft dodging president is totally immersed in these scope and details of his Iraqi invasion a number of puzzling questions arise One, why is bush pouring happy in Tari'u s military at huge cost into the Persian Gulf while rejecting the frantic request by cities and state such as New York City for overdue money's for homeland security Two, what will bush say to Americans if no weaponized nuclear chemical or biological materials are found in Iraq where it found not used as 60 minutes World War II veteran Andy Rune believes we ourselves would use it a powerful foreign invasion was overwhelming our country The CIA told bush that Sodom would be more likely to use these chemical and biological weapons if the US invades Three, with domestic necessities of the American people being ignored by his bush pushing Congress for yet another huge tax cover to wealthy while Ellen Greenspan is warning about larger budget deficits this year in afterwards. Four, albeit surrounded by his little click of ideologues why his bush refused request to meet from any of the 13 major anti-war groups representing tens of millions of Americans They include labor, business, clergy, human rights, war veterans, academics with national security experience positions elected city officials who have much to inform him Some have battle experience and the Gulf and know about toxic exposures to our troops others have returned from Iraq with first hand knowledge about conditions Still others are steeped in the boomering effect of ill advised belligerence and distraction for more serious global conflicts and struggles against sabotage Tony Blair and London received from nearly an hour of delegation from the National Council of Churches headed by former congressman Bob Edgar Yet the council leaders have been rejected by their own president for the past year There was the cause and effect of history that bush needs to know about in the Middle East Maybe he wouldn't have used the word crusader and hope gods will and his divine guidance regarding overthrowing Saddam such references are viewed in Islamic societies as meaning a religious war But bush doesn't seek any advice information insights from these informed Americans he has ignored all their written requests Five, immersed in Iraq bush pays little attention to America he's spending four more time on the Middle East and destructively so then on the manufacturing decline of the Middle West And he wants to cut veterans benefits his unchallenged domination of the mass media leaves little space for others to raise these issues Heard about opportunity cost of opportunities lost of his messianic militarism lately No attention to a long frozen minimum wage worsening poverty skyrocketing drug prices along with sir and consumed bills for warlinatual gas heard about advances needed for energy efficiency and solar power and less gas-gustling motor vehicles bush is put America on hold Six What is a weapon of mass destruction anyhow Ask Iraqi families whether or not Bushes and weapons a mass destruction from the air from the sea and on land to smash their country and destroy tens of thousands of lives in order to topple one man Haven't the economic sanctions blocking medicine surgical materials and sanitation purifiers for clean drinking water take a lives of an upper-ranking children over a decade Deliberally making civilian suffer for a military overthrow of a dictator happens to be a violation of international law Seven Why did not all Bush who ironically brands about making decisions from his gut? Stifled a center of his war policy and it's likely aftermath that still simmers at his sub-capitant levels inside the Pentagon the CIA in the State Department Leading retired generals admiral diplomats and national security officials try to articulate to sync criticism publicly over the past few months E Except for the oil and munitions industries the war is a down-around economy A few business executives has spoken up strongly most are not prone to speak publicly for fear of retaliation by the Bush administration Which in this area is believed to be vindictive against corporate dissenters From the big Geneva switch-o-in auto-show last month automotive news executive director Peter Brown of Detroit talked to many European auto executives He writes personally most of the executives opposed this war as unnecessary and likely lead a greater terrorism instability Later said this is pretty much the judgment of most US foreign policy establishment whose prominent ex-government officials are also being ignored by the all-knowing instinct driven president Where you go? Yeah, right ago Ralph Trump leader for president. Oh, I'm sorry for screwing up the election realm And then Norman Solomon Who's great by the way any relation to Gilbert? No, I don't think Norman will be calling us anytime soon He writes Minutes after the Dawn spread dial that a daylight across the Iraqi desert Invited CNN correspondent water Rogers was on the air with a live report Another employee at the network from the US General Wesley Clark On the job and a TV studio back home asked his colleague a question When Rogers responded he addressed Clark as general and sir the only thing missing was a salute That differential tone pretty much sums up the overall relationship between American journalist and the US military on major TV networks Course, sponsored and the field have bonded with troops to the point that their language and an unseated outlooks are often indistinguishable Meanwhile no matter what tensions exist report is remained basically comfortable with Pentagon sources And what passes for debate is really anything more than the second guessing of military decisions It's okay to question how but not why this war is being fought Sure some journalists have raised uncomfortable questions for top four makers in Washington At this point within the bounds of mass media the loudest voices of pseudo descent had demanded know of the US government miscalculated by failing to deploy enough troops from the outset When the media debate centers on whether the US has attacked Iraq without a catch-trubs strength and sufficiently full violence the full-crum of support media balances far into the realm of perfect militarism Exceptional reports on American television conspicuous for their rarity have asked deeper questions On the ABC program nightline correspondent John Donvin, Shiletta what embeds have routinely missed Rather than traveling out of the Pentagon's wing, Donvin and other intrepid unilateral venture out on their own In his case the results included an illuminating dispatch from the Iraqi town of Safwan Just because the Iraqis don't like Saddam doesn't mean they like us for trying to take a mocked on but explain to the contrary Although people started talking to us in a friendly way after while they became a little tense These people were mad at America very mad and they wanted us to know why it was because they said people in town had been shot at by the United States declining to travel in tandem with US troops, Donvin was able and willing to report on views not have to be expressed by Iraqis looking down the barrels of invaders guns Why are you taking over Iraq? That's how the people in the crowd saw takeover, not liberation In contrast to the multitudes of embedded American reporters the unilateral Donvin was oriented toward realities deeper than fleeting images Instead of zooming along on the media fast track he could linger, in short if embeds are always moving with the troops UNilateral's get to see what happens after they've passed through The visible anger of Iraqi people has roots in events that usually get described in antiseptic and euphemistic terms by US media outlets What else did we see by going in as UNilateral's the close-up view of collateral damage? The US says it's trying to limit injuries to civilians, it is however hard not to take it personally when that collateral damage is you Donvin reported on a wounded Iraqi man evidently a bus driver who had lost his wife over the weekend She was the cladable damage so her two brothers so her two children Journalism that may seem notable notably during a US media would not raise an eyebrow anywhere for instance The contrast is stark between national public radio and BBC radio or the PBS news hour with Jim Lera and BBC television In comparison most public broadcasting in the US seems to be gravely looking the boots of Uncle Sam With a straight face and scandal and Mr. Race fundamental questions American networks unquivitately Relay a nonstop a rise of statements from US officials that portrayed deadly Iraqi actions as heinous and deadly American actions as positive They have debt squads and we have noble troops their bullets and bombs are odious ours are remedies for tyranny It looks and feels like terrorism a Pentagon official set on national TV after several American soldiers out at the hands of an Iraqi suicide bomber But if it has on US troops inside Iraq art terrorism what should we call the continuously massive bombing of Baghdad surely the people in that city the court assault looks and feels like terrorism Right, Norman Solomon Yeah, do you really believe that stuff you said yeah, yeah 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line Which celebrity music TV radio movies do enjoyable would never admit to enjoying Very manolo 54 boy Barry's murder in a way with it George Rodriguez 38 Man who to think it never expected you do go be right on very sass Well George is into a well M and M 30 no, you're Rogers 21 Michael Jackson 18 the best street boys 17, that was enough on it George Michael 17 Mohour David 14 boy George 11 and stink 10 Richard year four Johnson caught a four-bickie Martin foreign barbers stress M three out of 145 votes Here's a call from beautiful antenna hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, I'm on time listener In today's post times we were told in many letters to the editor to shut up and not criticize our fear less leader really and I'm just I'm going to start you're going to start watch shutting up or criticizing all okay Well Ben I've been sitting back here too long just listening and taking the solence and I do believe I missed your full yesterdays far as getting in But I think back that people have learned a new word called horrific yeah They're saying it a lot. Yes, I bet you the art. Okay, my friend. Well, thank you very much open up that mouth Rick factuses and says that decided to trade in my car for a hummer, but after hearing about all of her is comments and Hollywood I thought that maybe he would also take that the wrong way That's right, we don't want a lot of hummers around town. Do we no 567.0560 Feds to pull plug on feeling drug and tear ads White House will also when studied found the ads weren't working. How do you like that? Here's another fact that says I guarantee he will find weapons of mass destruction whether they were there or not didn't last year Listen yesterday, but went on to pull how for you could you forget he gasped his own people. No, I see that's see they don't get it And also evil doors somebody's a gift that he will do is but since he's the only one that says that why bother What if facts are just pouring in with a bunch of stuff you know I consider and retail midnight maybe not maybe not a bad idea Although we do have mad dog at one and any came from Gulf Stream and he just have noon Marlin baseball at the abras tonight Here's pumping oh hello Yes sir about Abba isn't group that you like him sure You like him where we do it. Yes, but but a minute you won't know I don't want to make okay Go ahead. We have the Iraqi airport. We're gonna have to send those security screeners over there Yes, no, that's where we're gonna hear the new ones and bring them back here and the other thing was why don't we get these Miami cops to plant the Enter you know all the Weapons of mass destruction while waiting for their problems since a good idea. Okay, so I'm suggesting this in sir. Thank you closing poll cash for those is a self for claiming righteous douchebag Okay, thank you But probably somebody else did it first before Paul is just copying 560 560 pound 560 on the 18 so let's add Abba to their home. I mean I like their music. It's fun. But I don't like it I can I now it's okay But he's right there real man like me. We don't admit to leking Abba back street boys, maybe This is a great record by the way. It's fun the fact you're gonna call us it This is certainly their best piece of work. We got Abba goal. Let's play the Abba to back street boy Huh side by each You don't like this song? No, this is a song You don't like this, huh Rachel You can have like a question Okay, how about the bacon? Bob will come back to it 560 70560 pound you have to worry about them. They're not a threat to you anymore. They're dead as a door now Nick Carter went out in his own by the way and Nick said doing pretty good. He's looking okay Nick He's an outlooking to ban since that lands bar fight That can't fight in the barn. We're not playing Abba. Oh, oh no, what is this? That's the west Way back Oh, yes I was born. Oh, sorry. You five six seven. Oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT and T and Verizon wireless line Very man, a little 54 Jordan Rodriguez 40 and they're only doing that because they hate you right Neorangers 33 Roll Rogers M&M 33 Neorangers 23 But I figures see I thought I have a lot more votes than you do because I have this big closet audience But I guess you're more like her acceptable and fact, you know something this is true Because like rumor always denies listening when you're on but then you'll always quote what you you know what they're a little George So that you know And then my mother the same thing she pretends you know listen when you're on you know I know at least 60,000 people who pretend they don't listen when you're on but they they hate it The thing and tell me what you said right that little he didn't expect you to what he said No, because I'm not listening Here's West Miami, hello Hey, Neil. Yes, sir You know you could read all those things to your blue and the face, but you're gonna go to your grave No another a Republican will be in office because Bush is gonna get real like this So now so what does that mean? Someone doesn't prove That means that you can pour on the heartstrings of all these people striving to these babies that but you know what you gotta kill All these bastards before they get to watch man All these bastards before they get to us. Okay. Here's a very good bush-looking call You got to kill all these bastards before they get to us, okay? Sir, you are one of the sickest sons of bitches. I've ever spoken to have been here on here for a hundred years There's only one billion one hundred and somebody maybe not a hundred years, but but third man. Yeah How do you like that? Better get busy. Gotta get them before they get us You are tragic Main little children, okay, not to mention of course the Americans and they brisk the allies were getting tortured over there And again keep in mind they didn't want us to see the images of the butchered POWs The ones who weren't being held captive the ones who already were dead those grotesque images that they were shown No, a lot of other places they didn't want us to see that because it makes it more real It's not part of that video game mentality that assholes like you have all bushels still gonna you see this is on you can relate it to his politics Part of his in stupid ass politics rush limba the schmithia did oh heads. What the? You know that that's all you know from Your perfect your perfect bush lemming, okay, sir. It's the evil doors. It's the good guys in the bad guys Well, who the hell are you to pick and choose and decide who the bad guys are okay? How about the little kid who they soldier through the frisbee to yesterday? Is that kid gonna kill us someday? I don't think so with it without their frisbee You moron you imbassil man you're a simpleton You're disgusting another one of these America first years, okay. Let me just tell you right now People from all over the world once you take their clothes off They're all pretty much the same you know, except maybe for body parts bigger ones little one they're all the same You check inside the organs are all still the same and all the organs coming out of those the capitated butchered bodies of it are in an iraq all bleed the same So don't feed me this crap. We got to kill all of them what a genius man I'm so proud that you're a bush licker makes me please the makes me please this punch I'm gonna go go for Al Gore again. Even though he's a piece of crap. I'm gonna go for four more again five times Maybe he'll win this time. What do you think? Now, that's right for go with state always in jibs got the fixin. Oh just in case Man there you go Listen, as you listen day after day after day and I sit here fully anticipating I'm gonna give any of these people opportunity to say what they want How what what more did he need to say What more was I gonna listen to of crap like that? I'm gonna go to my grave knowing that bush wins the reelection. That's what they said about his papa to I guess How do you do? Not too good We didn't like the eight years of prosperity. We had we were all better shape about a few blow jobs That's what's important not bodies been the bodies bursting in a wear and the bombs bursting in air No, if you blow jobs, that's what was bursting gourds corinair and on address that was the problem And aren't we lucky to have that bitch that disgusting and colter moving down here so she can conserve with her boyfriend Mad grudge and by the way, Lynn why don't you just sever that relationship? Okay, and have a little self respect Have a little self respect. I love you Lynn, but my god how a god's name Can you consort with a self-hating creep-fag like that? Well, that's right. I forgot she's a faggot. What she said that? She did say that when he gave me a look for she's she's great. I love her, but she's just you know misguided Maybe maybe now and Colter can keep misguaged physique and Lynn can be do more productive things like emailing me back in 450 times a day, which I enjoy What do you like what you smoking it? It's the truth. I did that's good name for me that guy that's the name for a misgrudge misguided excellent Misguided with his world flaming. I mean a famous website. We had 42 million hits for 80 Great good luck to you. You're still up puts Your was always standing up against a well-heinermo the screamery to banana From Rothoff is supply would you bring us y'all bring us some of them good pins? That are fact there I go again. Yeah, there you go again. There you go again. There's no would Reagan told watermondale There you go again. That's what he said but Ryan you don't remember it 10 57 at five 60 your rabble rousing station for the 90s WQM where we have balls baby Whether or not a likes that or not Why do you best it? Hi I'm your 15 year old host Jenny and this is Titanic talk For me and my friend Kimberly talking the radio about our favorite movie Titanic and Leo I love you Leo. Yeah, we talk about the most beautiful thing in Titanic Leonardo's a caprio. I love you Leo. I know I love Leo too Well today's topic is the Titanic. I saw it Saturday for the 14th time and I Cried I've seen it 17 times and I cried every time I wanted Leo to live this time I wish my boyfriend was more like Leo. I wish my boyfriend was Leo. Oh my god Look at the clock Titanic starts at the mall in 15 minutes It's hurry hold on Leo. We're coming. Okay. Thanks for listening tune in next time on Titanic talk When our topic will be Leo rock Leo How can we have forgotten in somebody fangs is in says how about Leo to caprio for a list it's on your got Leo? I hate it until I saw the movie at the beach hate to admit it Okay love the show but listen for over 10 years even listen when George is on I'm one of the 30 man Have a great day. Thank you Peter Peter likes you to caprio naked is what you say Huh? Yeah, maybe if he had another couple of meals. I still don't know he just That's his head. It says bulbous for me. I don't even care about that. He just just his whole ambiance the whole thing with him He just slimy whole package Here's the fact this is I felt compelled to contact you because of a book you suggested for us to meet many years ago It was the biography of Jager Hoover the times of the red scared Joseph McCarthy are clearly parallel What's slowly taking over today gay Edgar Hoover the fascist there's so much better organized in the majority They rely on the fears of people who may lose their jobs business for just speaking out Everyone should read the Jager who were book if anyone wants it. I'll send to them for free I can't why can't people see what's happening really when you don't why so many people can't see like that last month That called me You know you can keep reading that stuff until health reasons You know something if you want to listen to it if you want to absorb it if you want to think about it fine if not that's okay I'm not gonna change the world sitting here on some stupid sports station in my mind Understand that but I'm doing the best I can I'm trying to make a little bit of a difference that's all I'm not thinking I'm gonna change this this grip that these maniacs have got on a government. I just think some people ought to be aware of it That's all and I think at least did nothing else. I'm exercising the right the what most still have a little bit left to it to be on here And spew and stuff out because the day may be coming very very soon I know but he can say these things it's going out of business. Hey exactly going out of business self for the first amendment I mean what what kind of asshole you know these people are a throwback to that light bulb radio And the right wingers and a left wingers the consumer and forget about that there are a bunch of crooks On the only one honest enough to tell you that they're all a bunch of crooks It's just that democratic party is less malignant. That's all not good in fact right now They're even more responsible because they've sat back for the most part and kept their miles shut and they've goose step They've goose step That was the Democrat of Republican at last column. I read that was Ralph on Shes Ralph later That old fossil who wrote that it was a great column two by the way all those questions which will never get answers to No wonder Jesse Ventura the one a part of either these two parties you know it And Donna who rest in peace now he didn't die just to show died Anyway, Hollywood Chamber of Commerce invites you to expo Al fresco 2003. This is from our good friend Joe our Resolving Hollywood's ultimate networking party in food tasting extravaganza Wednesday April 30th 5 to 8 30 p.m. one admission price includes gourmet food testing Uh, beverages that say testing tasting whatever is stick it somewhere entertainment snow tobacco and ride Hollywood's biggest trade fair Wednesday April 30 Harrison street east of Vixie Highway downtown Hollywood advanced ticket price 10 bucks 15 bucks at the gate The net proceeds deportant at proceeds benefit the Broward Outreach Center presented by the greater Hollywood Chamber of Commerce for information on the tickets and take out locations call nine five four nine two three four thousand nine two three four thousand participating restaurants are gonna be involved in the gourmet food testing amazing chocolates Argin tango and Lennox City subs were by the way the good news at Lennox City subs no more Scott Where our it does make the difference now without Scott all the great news Vixie's a holiday in the beef eater British Marketplace K doing by Randy Randy and a bunch of others I'm okay with them all David Busters they're good pies on to this station anybody else we like No Wands van derine house sweet tomatoes the sub center well whatever So there go keep that never mind me again for a good buddy Joe was only who brought in some nice pains brought in some good stuff Very manel of 55 George Rodriguez 46 people you enjoy but and see don't knock this because at least they're meeting they enjoy you They just a one or a bit of that's a good thing sure M&M 36 Neil Rodgers Neil Roy years 27 Michael Jackson tied with George Michael 21 Michael Michael motorcycle the best read boys Every All Howard David at 17 boy George 15 and stink 11 and stink Farmer star sand seven Richard year four Johnson Cata for Ricky Martin for an Abba has got for already Everybody likes an Abba but like the guy said nobody wants to admit it. Oh, yeah, I like that You're gonna talk it up a what no, I'm not a See if you let it go I hit it right the square man. I hit it square Hit it as square as hockey bird when I went in goal last night for Lisa gets been a soda Oh one the most boring games I ever saw Matt Sunday gets a puck in a mouth right before to play Osteer he'll be okay Got some teeth some devil work to be done here. I love puck right in a mouth. Hmm Yeah, yeah, I said he got a puck in the mouth and you're gonna get a puck in ahead if you don't watch it Perfect and what do they don't want it? But they like you? Here is a Jupiter hello your pop of the teeth Yeah, pop day yeah, right baby deal Yeah, I'm listening Was it only Anybody I guess it's any but it's TV music TV radio movies in other was anybody any entertainer John Shuffle no, okay. I wouldn't admit it. I know but I do okay Yeah Not at the moment it looks like South Florida with me. That's gonna be press I'm about great sting They made a big deal out because he came out him and I'm a claim actually I watched that did you see it? No, no, it was very entertaining. I don't know what the CBC was upset about it was more entertaining than that crap All new kids out there it was great because Jerry went off about how were the candidate oughta be supporting the US and the war and And McLean we let him have it and they went seven minutes back and forth and of course in a media He was a big deal and your phone just grabbed out and I he's gotten trouble He's not in trouble He gave his usual typically had their right white and blue American flag On his usual militant right wing a patriotic craft that you expect from him and McLean did a good job But pointing out what a piece of crappy what nice gone Ronnie you worth every penny a 567.0560 pound five 60 on the AT and T and Verizon wireless line Cool springs hello Yes, sir. I'm done. You're glad it's Friday. Yeah. That's okay. Yeah, I want to add someone to your pool My pool okay The BGs are very unfashionable because first it's disco and second they got those high-pulse out of voices Yeah, but a lot of people I mean I My wife has a lot of their CDs and I mean I like them when she puts it off But I sure as I would never put it in there. I would never let her know that I like them. Yeah, not a manly thing to do I don't think okay, pali but the music is good and my rest in peace Morris One more thing yes Brian Sears put me guys to shame this me. Is there's even great? Unbelievable. I've never seen anything like it in my life. I've been going to the hardest track for 43 years now I have never seen anybody over an extended period time to the job that Brian Sears your your god Brian I mean even guys I've been there forever like you're in a city I mean each win and I have the races on the car. Yeah He's gone back to the metal soon though huh middle of this may have very soon middle of this more dammit We keep the how about we keep them and ship that while it nice sounds good to me. All right, take care You too don't take it personal unless you want to wally how's it going hey get lost wally your killin us I don't think about my friend wally hinnishy man. He is guaranteed to disappoint. Oh He ain't no Dave Ingram, though 560560s at warm in here again. Yeah, it's getting a little warm a little bit yeah damn hang on okay I'll place my about I love your off life It's phone number family Yeah, who wants it a nice listener we have to do this ourselves because the sales department will don't get me started 954 572 3822 I Is the light grow down in here look at that I'm pressing this thing. I guess the bulb is going on the microphone like oh, oh, yeah Well, tell me show up when he decides to show up again one of these days He was he was coming in all the time until I said he was a fat slump 9 minutes after 11 at 560. I've just tried to help you out. Holy O'Luzil the more way you got a good start now. There's another 50 70 80 Get down to like 300 and we'll feel that you're gonna you know make another month or two. We got too many big fat people in this place. Okay Shuffling all kinds of bacon and stuff down your face I would be surprised at the beast is here sometime in the next hour Probably sit out on a curb downstairs. Pukin is guts out. He's probably doing the old car and carpenter finger down the throat routine. Huh? Listen There he is Anyway, speaking of putting something good in your push how about O'Luzil me to really works I've been talking about O'Luzil me for a long time because it's something that you can take that's good for you O'Luzil me to self yells contain the finest olive oil you'll find anywhere Not just ordinary olive oil, but super concentrated loaded with health benefits O'Luzil me to be taken help reduce the risk of heart disease the high cholesterol plus there are 14 different O'Luzil you say O'Luzil you know anybody who ever went to Joliet and O'Ll O'Lliet O'Lliet O'Lliet O'Lliet formalist to choose from each O'Lliet form of the contains pharmaceutical grade olive oil with vitamins, minerals and herbs to support specific needs for your health from your bone's Your blood pressure to your immune system Just pick out the formulas that are right for you and now we got three new O'Lliet forminals One to help you sleep one to help you control that weight And self-utan for your heart you'll find O'Lliet more and more places because more and more people are taking it and popping it to Fix them up today at public's Eckridge's Walgreens Whole Food Markets Navarro's Orcedanos order it online if you like O'Lliet America dot com do want to get more information about what their products can do for you Call them toll free ask all the questions you want call 1 866 O'Lliet That's 1 866 6563 63 gets your O'Lliet mat today and start feeling like a human being My Bad dateReally www my Mining and space Mining and space Think The comes right out is think Wanna copy me and do exactly like I do get paid for right little songs about boo boo My brain's all gone. I'm trying to get my groove on but I can't have the ground which spy scroll I'm gonna fart on and Dr. Dreass you'll make you pass good. Yeah No, what do I smell as when you look well She's age 12 it seemed like I always smell that fucking gasses and two things was pretty swell I got pissed off when I took my jeans off and fought on so hard to my underwent backwards like Chris Krass and every night I'm like oh dinner gas It's fun at my ass faster than a fat bitch you ain't too fat smell this honey You'll be the way to mess the girl. I don't give a fuck god sent me to stink the world My anus My anus My anus My anus My anus My anus teach you how to make it out back in junior high The problem was something pro now my anus and I shot him in the face with my vapor The worst happened later when I covered his desk with used toilet paper I was walked in the strip club my intestines were filled up move the bartender took a dozen of tip I don't know what to add to head up fucking a guard She lifted a leg up and I knew she was a father Not a nice and Santa my life I was lied to I just found out my mom got home gas and I do I Go up to be a famous rapper. They corrected about strange noises made on my grandpa You know you was dirt when the women rush to leave you dropped it over back but you must need it really This guy at white castle Sam was pretty cool, but I had to go who dropped the kids on My anus My anus My anus my anus my anus my anus my anus my anus my anus 1114 at 560 WCM16 votes the poll star to take shape now you're from sin Had all those a bit timesters and I got more by the way, but that's okay. You keep reading that stuff and you'll see I will see very manlow 57 George Rodriguez 50 which celebrity do you enjoyable with never admitted closet enjoyment Very manlow 57 George Rodriguez 50 you're you got a shot at first place you're a Closet You know A lot of people would say that yeah, in fact that'd be a good poll next week Which one of these do you think is a closet case George or a basket case? That's because you sound squishy on here. Oh, Kevin M. 40 That's why I just played my anus which we haven't played in a long time. Neorodres 29 George Michael 24 Michael Jackson 21. Backstreet boys 19 more Howard David at 18 boy George 16 And stink 14. I can't imagine anybody over the age of 10 admitting they like to stink even if they really did God my goodness that Tinker Bell and it's it. I mean, I'm sorry. I don't believe he ever even touched her even a little peck on the cheek Even little peckarino Instinct 14 Abba 9 It's the dancing queen. I think you're just sending it to Martin like Joey Zaza. We're gonna send a message Your city's the dancing queen the do ever dance That I ever dance I asked you first all These years and you're youth you ever go to dances and college. Yeah, but you're right. Totally about those funny dates I hadn't college right, but you never mentioned you would have liked our lean man. Let me tell you Oh, wow jajooders. Huh, huge jajooder huge jajood was a big girl big. She was not okay. No, what are you doing like her? She's but you know, that's not the reason I'm a little a little bit those were the days of the twist baby I was twisting it. I was twisted it and tying it and not how the hubba Of course it I couldn't tighten that's it's not being off But no and I thought about the the grasser when he rented that's what made it times on you I missed it. No, you did not about the running that Chevy and Palo that Oh, I was on a grasser with a blanket Yeah, they don't stoned on my ass and then of course on there was a member She would keep going off in the woods to pee in the woods. Yeah, and then the next day I remember is waking up the next morning in my bed in dorm. Yeah, that tastes in your mouth And noticing that my roommate had taken his mattress off the in other words I look up and he're on his mattress is gone. I totally destroyed and his mattress is in the room next door Because I puked all over the place from being drunk. Can I screw and is you have a night at the abol game? And then they had to take me back to the scene of the crime because my watch in my glasses were laying there on a blanket and a book. Yeah, true story And that beautiful brand new Chevy impeller that I rented to go to Detroit and pick up my date and come back It was scratched. I mean, you know because we just drove through the past It was like a middle of the woods, you know just scratched up like a like a it looked like a beat up ol' jelloppy Like something that being a boy would drive Yeah, and they didn't care they have good insurance. I was shocked. I didn't want to take it back. See the care And that nice I was in the name of the rent of her company dancing not even for a second Well, what is that mean? No, because you're like a stud-yield fart so I can't But you know so that's it I bet your mole used to be a hell of a dance Oh, I would ever tell you the tango Okay, of course he they used to have to where he was dancing with had a hold his way down, you know The Madison sometimes you see people dancing and one hand is on the shoulder There's was always on a forehand because they had a hold his piece down Charleston Keep the piece that's that's most of the water with the more keep the piece on most head the funky chicken He did the funky chicken and I've always said punk him I would like to dance on his grave. I know I At 15 if I ever dance there you go That's what I'm gonna dance again. That'll be my only dance will be on more Howard's grave Did it I'll bring the boom box. Oh, man. I can't wait can we do a soon? What's your choice of tunes? Everything's coming up roses. Yeah, that would be good Hmm I already told you villains people why I love you right? That's right. You're just gonna. Our him and his hysterical homophobia. It'll be the police man. Yeah, yeah In fact, when I was out there with Gellie and the hallway bonded on Monday comes out Well, hello ladies and ladies and gentlemen, you need to look like you know lady I said end-geldie and he could as I started rolling around because I said gildy Oh, you didn't share I should have said how's it going? Mo that would have done it that would have put that says did rise must fret on I got a great calm here. I'm gonna redeventually. Oh, here's a rich factor once a plug-toom Where everybody wants to use me while I'm here use and abuse So then answer your question about my dancing and not a very long career. I'll say no But I mean the idea that I'm a staagio old fart now. I mean, you know Just because somebody is stagio know what can you see like some of these people like your grandmother Rest in peace. Yeah. She died really young. Okay your mother. Oh, ah, yeah, no, you know what? She might be dancing right now But does that mean she dances she dances You mean that those places where old farts go to dance who she dancing with the devil? Probably her conscience. Yeah. I don't want to hear about your mother. I got the user I don't hear a rape marker which packed his son third nostril at his group Oh, wait to hear the names of these groups. It's a tribute show for Kurt Cobain This Saturday April 5 which looks like tomorrow starting at 730 p.m. I'll show 7 bucks and where's it gonna be? Oh at the pop-in-dorskate park. Thank you rich The groups are third nostril featuring rape actor smegma and a cause for action smegma almost smell it here Pomponel indoor skate 21 71 bloodroads of the copains wrote for information pop-in-o-beach called 979-79-669-54 979-7966. Thank you rich pack in extra charge. Oh 61 votes for bare man-alot 52 for Jorge Rodriguez and 44 M&M Only 30 for yours truly. You're maize it that? I have about a hundred dollars. I got about thirty man. Here's a lady in Miami, huh? Hello. Yes, man. I'm still back at the name of that group smegma. It's not amazing. It's a great name. Wow. I don't think I would have thought of it on my own. The sweet smell of success. Oh my god Okay, I got a lot of stuff here You're talking to a former Vietnam pro-chester. Okay, and The veteran. Oh, yeah a veteran of protests and now I'm I'm protesting in my own home because there's some reason my son has turned into a major hawk Oh Who believes that if I do not support the non-elected president than I Don't belong in this country and I'm wishing Death on all the troops and it's gotten to the point where there's an uneasy truth of not even talk to him. How old is your son? 20. He's an asshole Not only that I said if you're this much of a hawk why didn't you enlist in the arm? Yeah, he's so dumb. Oh, why isn't he over there killing people? Too many rules and getting put you'd up with Jessica Right If you're fucking oh your phone is a crap and I'm sorry Yeah, I'm still here. Let me move it. Hold on. Do you hear me now? Yeah, I got a great act now. We're talking to work coming back or are not She can listen on a radio. We're close. They got tour. Yeah, they got to be honest. I'm sorry But I couldn't we couldn't the conversation was breaking up. I was gonna say if she's got a ball-peen hammer when her kid is asleep She can like break both his knee caps like Kathy baits, you know, you know, and also break one elbow He can relate to Jessica. She had two broken legs in a broken arm if he wants to be such a hawk and be so You know, gung-hofers country in the bush of Minnesota. She should shot wounds at a stab wound a couple of gunshot wounds probably You know In fact any kids like that who are giving you a rough time. You know just a chute him in the lay. Yeah. I mean not threatening right With the rubber band five six seven a home five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line Here's Miami Beach hello Yes, sir. Hey, okay. Yeah, I have a I have a why question In the town of Hawaii a why question yeah, okay, like why 100 yeah? Yeah, are you in the middle of a church or something? Oh, it sounds like a church service there in the back. I thought maybe when the crystal cathedral No, I want to know why you're rooting for the devil's saying in a rock that rooting for Saddam Hussein I said I wonder why you're such a schmuck okay, put's go back into the service your boyfriend get lost I'm rooting for Saddam Hussein. Oh, oh, God are you dumb has he dumb? Yeah, more on five six seven. Oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line another one of those professional sticks Here's Keywise. Hello Keywise yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Oh great great show. Yes, it is American meal and I nobody's perfect Kiss yes, well, that's interesting a brother who loves kiss Okay, I Got me a lot of grace and love George. I got you down amigo. Bye bye How do you like that he likes kiss a dark guy. Oh you guys aren't kiss you're not jean heart Huh, I love that spot. Oh, but we did stay at a holiday and express motel list Great spot baby in fact. That'd be a good pull someday the best spots. I still think the the Pepsi light I I could watch that 100 times a day and in Toronto for some reason I guess on the on leech TV or some of the sports channels That thing runs like a lot of 100 times a day In fact some days like on a weekend by noon. You've seen it a whole bunch of times 5 670 560 pound 560 on the AT&T Verizon wireless line How come you're doing radio band that how come you're for Sadim Hussein? How come you're not for a bush lick? You're okay. How come you so on page re adding? Mama mama mama mama mama mama. You know how come he's called it from here nothing intelligent nothing that makes any sense Nothing to justify all this barbarism going on and of course They just like they have you know earplugs and blinders on don't confuse them with the facts When you do stuff that I'm wasting all of my time reading here don't confuse them with this because it's too factual And they can't refute any of it so all they do is just call a bunch of stupid names to show their ass to the world Okay To show the world that they can lick bush And I had news for him. Most of these people call them that's about the closest they were came to what is on a picture somewhere Here's Miami. Hello Hey, you doing it okay, sir. Okay. I got one how are you doing today? I'm doing good good John. Tell you like John. Tash. Yeah, okay. We won't tell anybody okay. Thank you. Hey And yes, I got a new type of new colors for the army gray and black like the like the Okay, thank you I don't know what he's talking about it. I want to find out John Tash put her on him on there the penis Is neofamous penis Yeah He's he this this last collar. Don't you see the way that kind of like fits in? No, just he's famous and the penis. He's the famous penis 567. Oh 560 we have like a Marky Mark. I did see boogie nights. That was the famous penis He still has it to in a box somewhere 26 past 11 at 560. I bet just grand like to see that Why do you podr Mount Donald the 10 it's all dismorings The business was dropped Democility We got to shoot it ever stop We'll have it time to pick attack She'll learn the back dead.飛 And when a batch you started taking him, we had a running for the hills. Do you like these old ideas? Shocking on a shocking on a small, they're like these old ideas. Shocking on a shocking on a small, they're like the president. We move our troops along the ground and generate explosions. To confuse into confound, the other side tactics. To stop us with our human shields. But our mission will be finished in until we steal the royal fate. Do you like these old ideas? Shocking on a shocking on a small, they're like these old ideas. Shocking on a shocking on a shocking on a… Is that over? It was just a little plan words. So anyway, we got a new billboard on the Apometo I just told my face that that's my crowd I'm a palmit or that's my closet crowd who that little Julio that has computer on before the one who's playing with a blow up ballos autumn 560 pound 560 don't me forget I think I had this on a website the they Being a boy and unnecessary war by James Hought we had that I'm gonna read anyway Because I never got around to using it on here somebody facts that to me we had it We were happy, but thank you anyway because it's worth reading Bush's chest something reached at the image of the animaturity and the tough guy mentality is what it says. It's great Also about his foul mouth Here's a guy that's again holier than now kind like the geyser, you know John van Gizabrook Same thing all of these good board again Christians and then behind closed door is that FNNs and I you know Every other word we have to have another one of the **** in there, you know all of these tankin any blow jobs that we know Here's a call from now away. What just happened there the the arrow stud that was bizarre. Do you just do something? No, I think it was a curse the one who was flashing move to another one. Here's a call from coconut Grove. Hello I mean, COVID that's what I just said coconut Creek Thanks for making your call. The Ralph Neda column. Where was that? Where was it? What paper was it? Oh, I don't know it's on our website. Tinyill Rogers.com Oh, it was on a website. It's on your way. Whatever you say thanks for taking my call. Thanks for making your call. Thank you Why are you doing that to me? Five sick I guess you don't want any bacon anymore from our good friends. By the way, you people at how he's don't give your genie food I'll say I tell you it's okay He had an important question Come to give him Ralph Neda's home number. He ain't doing much these days 560 5060 pound 560 on a AT and to tell him any case. Gonna be doing a show from Gulfstream What a meeting ages death plus 20. Okay, but the good news is Gary Puckett and the union gap are gonna be singing this weekend I think or a lot of those groups. I heard the big bopper's gonna be there Right Richie valence. They're gonna be performing at Gulfstream If you're why not forget about to dead people. That's the general age of the crowd Don't be saying that well, it's true. It's true Man is at an across the old crowd of Gulfstream. They make the people in the club. I was at Pompano Park with like teenagers Here's homestead. Hello Hello, yes, sir. Oh, yes, no long time I listen first time calling okay, and I was just calling to add some to your pulse How about the B 52 the B 52s? Your bombers are the group and the bombers are the group good question. Oh, that's a group A bigger part. Yeah, I'm starting to hear you 560 750 560 pound 560 on a 10 to What's what would be for the choose? Why is that embarrassing? I Don't know, but he obviously I don't know what history was whether he realized there was really a group to be 52s Right, I don't know when he didn't know and I saw it on my post-to-no He would know the B 52s if they stuck what I've his ass, okay, just calm down 567. Oh fifth 560. What is it? Oh fifth? Oh fifth the S60 Boy, oh boy, if I said that once I said I'm good man, I'm today. That's okay. Get it out right here's Miami. Hello Hey, what's up? I don't okay. All right. Listen. I'm that you bought a brawl tomato today because It was something I got into a not an argument with my wife, but I was discussing with her Remember when the election was going on and you had all these people coming out on the app of Ralph's Nader like I filled on a hew yes Are Eddie better from Pearl Jan? Oh, Eddie better. He had better get better And now they're coming out, you know, and same thing obviously against the war because you know they're against the war Which is fine, which I agree right people speaking out and and saying their mind, but they they they help to bring it to us That's all I tell my wife at the time they went out and and helped sabotage the election regardless whether Bush was You know Put in because of the Supreme Court or not It would have never come to that and they were saying well We want to help Ralph Nader get the same government grants that the other But it didn't happen it did not happen it wasn't even close There was nothing how much money, you know, I never understood the money about is he not much one They just pull from you. They want to get Ralph's later You know some more contribution now. I'll see down. They got a guilty conscience. They don't want to admit that they help to give us to keep the election close enough What these people could steal it and that's what they did. Yeah, they most certainly did it and I'm like you know It's good time to open your mouth now. Amen. Oh after the fact so Good point I just want to pass that on. Okay. Thanks a lot. He got the pass it. Okay. Good job Even Tom Brady never passed it better. He made it look better So Lynn emails me and says that that tape that people were talking about with Phil where he was like doing his older It was a tape replay. We'll tape back when he was good remember those days. Okay We're on top of these things. Man we got our spies from coast to coast and just wait till at the bitch and colter moves down here and And Ryan Lyrs you better will a low-p with the miss what we car now? Guy did miss miss guided miss guided missile or maybe just miss guided miss Here's a lady in candle. Hello. Good morning. Yes, man. I was gonna call you to tell you about I've been back for a couple of weeks Because I was away for three months And listening to your show somehow like I hear more George than I used to hear before no you just imagine you He's just more annoying sorry. He's more annoying the second thing that forgive me You already know about it, but did you not a rickshaw and just had the talk show? No, oh Rickie snatches as a talk show Rick's auntie hasn't it's not on Value man these the other station I forgot the name and people think he's the greatest thing yesterday a woman called and showed you the intelligence She says to him all you're fantastic you're like a human in cyclo period. Oh my god Last and tell you the thing he ever said was I already have a homosexual relationship with Neil So I might as well have what would you too? That's the last and touching I remember coming out of his place I came from New York from the water and they listen to people he has the stations in your Jersey Oh my god Now he or in Florida how do you pressing? From from four to six PM. I heard he's from hunger Anyhow like I said I said to myself George is getting too much Well, I'm glad you pointed that out again believe me Excellent, I always tell him okay. I'm glad you pointed that out. I'll keep the lid on them. Okay, thanks. Bye. I say Rick Sanchez for a hundred times quick What's going on in the year and here? That isn't here. I just Now five get sick now from this room. I'm gonna sue this place I do it's kind of like when you feel the germs like I'm not flying into your throat This place is a goddamn death trap Hear that not bad actually It's ours I'm waving at all in his direction. Okay to shut him up a little bit There's his hair to your talking so goddamn much Carlos mentioned at the other day too He said shut him up already. I'm sick and tired. He's crappy and kind of the same Here's Miami. Hello Yes, sir. How you doing? I'm doing pretty good long time with so I inhaled that disease just now Neil, let me ask you something how would you handle the situation in a rock? You mean now you like to late now, man? No, but how would you have done it? I would have done the same thing they've been doing for a long long time And then I would have gotten eventually he phased out these sanctions so the people with eating the people could drink and the people could get medicine And he could improve the quality of life and in a period of time Help them to be in a position where they were strong enough to overthrow the son of a bitch So you wouldn't have done it like yourself with your forces you would have just Aided the people to help themselves in addition to what the inspector is having I would have tripled the number of inspectors in it It could have kept him tied up for years in there They kept him on the run for as long as they wanted and keep in mind Since we got his ass out of Kuwait He hasn't invaded anybody he hasn't gased anybody he hasn't done anything He represented no more threat to us in a British than a cacamoon That's all I wanted to hear. That's my answer. Thank you Okay, I think that makes sense to me done a make sense to me I don't know them but that that wasn't in their plans effect You know something after the break. I'm gonna read that article by James Hought but from the West Charles the Ucharton Cause that was Virginia because that's what he talks about and unnecessary war and that's exactly correct But they made their mind upon his a long time ago. Don't believe all this you know this hand-winging in all these all this other crap This was decided like I told you before the die was cash that I do mean the word die because a lot of people have and will The die was cashed a long time ago Chocolate or Giddy Cockett it's time for the W U A M beauty in the Beast contest Let's meet our Beast Judd Start it with the illustrious Thank you Thank you ladies and gif now our next judge Meads no introduction. I'm sure you're all aware of our wonderful morning All right, all right out of my way to the tapitan Well, that was out any other void I would do to the do I'll announce the award of the Beauty and the Beast contest so I can get out of here go home. All right give me the goddamn envelope And the winner is absolute number one. Okay, peace. I am the beast. Yeah, that little toy behind that curtain is your date Is it gonna be best or at number one or bachelor red number one? All right, Beast me jump mystery date sport whole radio program director Clarence I was hoping you pick me. Well, I always thought you were trying to cute Maybe later we can talk about sport you said And you're mining my arm All right, you pull my little head knock it all get the back of her hair what for mom? You want your moron now my guts to squat you son and think to the crazy horse. He's all stripped it No. He's a gain pump I know whether it looks like Go Orleans you Come on I'm going to die. It's 11.45. Good news. The base loss 2.5 more pounds. I'm not going to die. I'm going to die. So finally, let's see, 2.24.5 for 2.50 more. We'll get more rounded off. 60 pounds. That's here at the base. A little bit slowly, but he's finally gotten back on it. Took me to come back in the town of Honduras. And he didn't even be great. Anyway, more rapes are Carlos. We almost forgot about that. We'll get to it eventually. Very soon. 5.670560. Palm-Fine. And none unnecessary war rights james out. In the Charleston Gazette West Virginia, he's the editor of St. Why did President Bush order 250,000 Americans into the deadly peril of war when it really wasn't necessary? Why did the unleash hundreds of high-tech US missiles costing taxpayers a half a million dollars of peace on Baghdad? Population 5 million half of them children when it really wasn't necessary? If Iraq has secret stashes of horror weapons, UN inspectors could have spent years coming the nation for them. If any forbidden materials would have been found, World Tribunals could have prosecuted dictator Osada Hussein. But Bush wouldn't let inspections continue. He wouldn't listen to American moderates or world leaders, and study breast-decide all discussion and order the ultimate human horror war. Why? Why did Bush insist on an unnecessary war? The answer must lie in Bush's personality. His macho simplicity, his lack of wisdom, is exaggerated, piety that sees everything as good versus evil. He spent most of the winter saying that he wanted to avoid war that it would be a last resort. He talked of disarmament conditions that Iraq might meet. But he decided earlier on war many months ago. Let me say it again. He decided on more many months earlier. The latest time magazine relates, F. Saddam, we're taking him out. Those were the words of the president who pocked his head into the Office of National Security Advisor Condolese, it was March of 2002. And Rice was meeting with three US senators discussing how to deal with Iraq through the UN or perhaps in a coalition with America's Middle East allies. F. Saddam, he said, Bush wasn't interested. He waved his hand dismissively because of participant, and neatly summed up his Iraqi policy in that short phrase, F. Saddam. The senators laughed uncomfortably, Rice flashed and knowing smile the president left the room. A year later Bush's outburst has been translated into action as cruise missiles and smart bombs left in the assignment of Baghdad, the US has launched the war unlike any its fault in the past. This one has been way not to defend against an enemy that's attacked the US, the war has turned much of the world against America. Bush's crude chestnumping a year ago sounds more like beard tavern swagger than the intelligence statecraft. It wreaks of immaturity in the tough guy mentality, it displays no intellect. It also implies that it's subsequent months of diplomacy where merely a smoke screen he already had decided to attack. Increasingly, thoughtful analysts are pro-ing Bush's personality for explanations of his one-man war, that conclude that Bush has a narrow vision that's easily one side of a topic, not weighing possible consequences of his actions. Professor Catherine Van Warmer of the University of Northern Iowa and expert in addiction says that Bush has the many qualities of a dry drunk, a former alcoholic who stopped drinking, but still thinks obsessively. She wrote, Bush's rigid judgmental outlook comes across virtually all his speeches. To fight evil, Bush is ready to take on the world and almost a biblical sense, Bush possesses the characteristics of the dry drunk in terms of his incoherence, while speaking away from the script. His irritability with anyone, for example Germany's Gerhard Schroeder, who dares to agree with him, and is dangerous obsessing about only one thing, Iraq. Bush drank heavily for over 20 years and claimed that the decision to abstain in age 40 about this time, it became a born again Christian going as usual from one extreme to the other. Dana Milbank of the Washington Post wrote, the two explanation is deep in Bush's psyche, which draws sharp lines between good and evil black and white. Bush's religious devotion encourages such distinctions, Bush implies that does not directly assert that he is doing God's work. The latest Atlantic monthly features the mind of George W. Bush by conservative historian Richard Brookhauser, who writes, Bush's faith means that he doesn't tolerate or even recognize ambiguity. There was an all-knowing God who decrees certain behaviors and leaders must obey. The historian says the president is limited by strictly defined mental horizons. Richard Blow, former executive director George magazine, said certainly the president is no intellectual. He received mediocre grades at college, he's not a big reader, he lacks curiosity, and he resists discussion about abstract subjects. He couldn't last ten minutes with Bill Clinton debate about public policy, and yet this is not to say that Bush's dumb, he makes decisions and sticks to them because he isn't interested in gray areas. Possibly Bush finds complexity intimidating, sometimes his archaic talk seems to mass kind of a mental insecurity. It is this thought process that's led Bush to war. Florida State University religion professor Leo Sandin wrote in the tele-hassy Democrat, there's a holy motif, a holy war motif on part of both the United States and Iraq. Our president believes that Sodom is evil and the US has been chosen by God, and commissioned by history to be a model in the world of justice. Sodom is assured his people that God is on your side, and that your enemies will go to hell and be shamed, religion played a major role in getting us here, remember the idolatry that's implicit and too closely identifying the will of God with national aims. Somewhere in all of this is the explanation for why Bush decided to throw 250,000 young Americans and hundreds of a half a million dollar missiles into an unprovoked war. Somewhere in the middle, between Iraq and a hard place. Our pollday on eorogers.com which celebrity views the TV radio movies do enjoy, but would never admit it, closet. In the closet, very manned low 65, Jordan Rodriguez 53 in the closet, M&M43, Neorogers 33, George Michael 27, how are David 27, Michael Jackson 24, the BaxB 424, Abba 20, Boy George 20, and Stink 15, Barbara Stry Santin, John Sukhada 7, Ricky Martin 6, Richard Gear 6, BG's 4 Leo DiCaprio 1, Kisses Gal 1, John Travolta and John Tesh Echa, the Vigo, the Vigo, Here's coconut creek, hello. Yes sir? Okay. I got two parasites, my body's got something new on. And you really love to hear, did you kiss a nigga the Somor on it? Yeah. On hum, right. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. Good God. Here's the call for more land though, hello. Yeah, that's pretty copper-broken at article. Yeah. Hey Neor, who do you watch now that you're back in the States? Which you are seeing in now or in the SMBC? Most of MSNBC, you know, whatever else I can get. I, do I guarantee Brown, oh, I can't say, Aaron Brown is the worst. He's kind of good looking though. He's good looking, Aaron Brown. But maybe you can get a date with him, okay asshole? He's kind of good looking. 560, yeah, that it made me, maybe it's the black way. The red one used to be kind of pasty looking, but the new black way is lovely. It's a fashion plate. He's making a fashion statement. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's for Lauderdale, hello. Neor. Yes sir. When did you find that the name culture was coming here? When did I find out? Yeah, yesterday. Where was that in the newspaper? No, that was an email from my friend Lynn and it's in this morning's Harold on the page for in the people page. Oh, they even put it in there, why? Are you excited about that? Well, I debated her once for a few minutes on far. Why? Well, she would be border in the last second. Why would you waste your time debating a bitch like that? Oh, I was a big waste of time. She changed the topic. Right. She hasn't even know what planet we're on. She would know Earth from Uranus. And she was prominently mentioned as a hypocrite in blinded by the right. Right. She is. Oh, what a hypocrite. And that's just a hypocrite, but she doesn't, she knows squat. Everything she taught me, when they hit her on cross for her one night a couple of months ago, they made a monkey out of her. She didn't know what she was talking about. They always put constitutional law scholars. She hasn't tried any cases with Ursula. Yeah. But she lost that one by the way. Yeah. But for George benefit, I'd still fuck her up the S. 56560, pound 560 on the AT&T. That woman was right. You just better dummy up. That woman had called before she hates you. She wants you to shut up. Why? Shut up. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. A call from Atlanta. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Who was that article by that you just read? James Hout, HAUGHT. He's the editor of the Charles West Virginia newspaper. Okay. Okay. Oh, I need things. Oh, you got it. That's all he needed right there. He got it. Was on our website a couple of days ago. If you go back to the oldy moldy stories on our website the months from the past few days, you'll find it. What was the headline? And the headline was an unnecessary war. James Hout, HAUGHT. No, we're listening to Billy or Peter Houten or Kenny. What are you not in your head about? What are you not in your head about? No matter what I say, he nods his head. Do you know who Billy Houten is? Was? No, you don't. Who was he? See what I'm saying? I know Willie Horton. What? Willie Horton? Here's a who? When I wish one to convict or the baseball player. This beater boy. He's just, uh, because, in fact, she better start liking George L. The better. Otherwise, the beater boys start making noise. And that'll be really bad. Oh, that's right. That'll be next week when George is on vacation. Woo! Why are you people in for a treat now? How are you going to do the bedtime stories? What hand? Wow. He's going to do the bedtime stories with one hand and I can't tell you what he's going to be doing with the other one. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I have one for you, Paul. Okay. I'm ashamed to say, I like Johnny. Johnny? Johnny. I have to look at his PBS specials in the six-year room. So my friends don't know I'm watching it. Oh, my God. How embarrassing. So when I pay the mouth guitar. That's it. I'll be done. How do you spell that with a why? Yes. Okay. We won't tell anybody. All right. But you're okay. Thanks. He likes Johnny. You're not, oh, look at that. We got Johnny. Oh, my God. I can't believe that. He's a bad guy. He's a bad guy. All the things in the world I can't believe we got Johnny. That's good. The bad and the in-between. That's almost enough. Make me a play mouth guitar. You know, I've never actually stuck this in a CD player before. You've never stuck it? Oh. Oh. Man. Hmm. Oh, yeah. What's not the like? Lovely. I thought I'd line up. That's not for that. Can we put a picture of Scran on our website? I think she's already on her, isn't she? Don't we have a picture of Scran? Yes, she's on there. It just use your nose. Okay. Lead your right to her picture. The aroma. On the steakable. So as a friend of mine's bartender at Pompano Park, so I drink free. I throw out Scran was good looking. Oh my god. You don't want to be there, man. Don't go there. Don't go there is exactly right. You don't even want to know what's been there. 1157 at 560. Roooo! WQAM. The lightsoy spoke as a great place on you fat people out there. And thank God at the beast is losing man. Thank the Lord. Finally embarrassed and humiliated him. 224.5. He's down 60 pounds. Anyway, the lightsoy was spoken for you. Fat people are desperate to lose the weight and start getting your health back. It looked human. It's got over 700 low carb, sugar free products in this one great store. Whether it's number one, I can't deny it. Or many low carb sugar free diet. The lightsoy spoke as a store you're going to love. It's your low car super store. Where everything in the joint has got low carbs in sugar free. Coming in sample some of their newest bakery products like chocolate cupcakes and brownies. By control car, I brought you brownie hounds with only one effective carb per serving. And no forget the lights and credible selection of low carb postas. And sauces and dressings and cheese cakes and chocolates. And their famous soft serve carbo or like ice cream. And don't forget at the lightsoy's focus on even better news is not just a great selection. But all at can brand products are 25% off all day every day even on Shavuas. Stop by talking to their knowledgeable staff. You'll see why I've been telling you for this for a long time for 100 years now. What a great place this is. They're open every day 10 to 10 and you'll find them on the northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to Boston Market. Call them toll free at 1-877-Lokarp or shop them on the web if you like it low carb.com. Don't forget to like so I spoke as your official atkins retail center. I'm proud you're here. I'm proud you're here. I'm proud you're here. And I like scrubbing my small gorilla ass with soap late from jewels. And listening through the mirror. I'm gonna use the hour. A available for the first time. A special instructional series that will teach you to play Malph Gettar. You never learn to play a musical instrument but that's okay. In no time you'll be playing Malph Gettar. Learn these classics of the Malph Gettar. Smoke on the water. Setters special. And in a god of divida. The long version. And a little reverb. Fun stone. Wow wow wow. Play country Malph Gettar. I don't care. Order now. And get this special bonus. The quintessential desk drummer. Malph Gettar. And desk drumming. No batteries, it'll fire sports for talent required. Thank you. Look at that little hand just hit the big hand. It's not blowing on this end today. Other hand, and the ones okay. And we've had some real interesting stuff. Fair enough. Not great. I give it like about a 2.5 and a scale of 45. And I get about 3.5. Here's the call from sunny Isles. Sunny Isles. Going once. Yeah, there's somebody in the back there. You've been in the middle of a little activity. Sunny Isles. You'll lose Jackass. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. If anybody has any doubt that this war was planned years ago. Just go to PBS and look at that program. The war behind closed doors. Okay. I mean, it's frightening. It's absolutely frightening that this was completely planned out. This bush doctrine. That's what they're astousing now. That they have the right to go in preemptively. They don't they don't owe it because they're the only superpower left that they can go in and do whatever they want. By the way, that book. What the hell's the name of that book? No, not the Gorbana. Let me find it one second. One moment please. Oh, yeah. For Vitton Truth. It's on our website. Taliban, secret diplomacy, Saudi Arabia, and the failed search for Osama. That book itself into paperback is worth reading about all of this. Very clearly has been part of the game plan for a long time. What's the call to give? It's called forbidden truth and the author is. John Charles Resar, B.R.I.S.A.R.D. Paperback. It's outstanding. Thanks a lot. Okay. Thank you. I'm telling you all about the pipeline that he wanted to build through Afghanistan. And then all of a sudden the Taliban, yeah, we had to deal with the Taliban and they crapped out on the assume saying, that was you know that they jumped into bed with Osama. We said, but I'm being will get your ass and we'll find another way to do it. Great article by the way on our website today by Thalif Dean from the Interprest Service. There's no business like war business. I want to start singing that you know. Maybe I'll even dance to it on most grave. There's no business like war business. When the dust finally settles on post where Iraq, the United States, may have unleashed virtually all of its state of the art of weaponry on a country already devastated by 13 years of rigidue and sanctions. After 14 days of heavy pounding, US military forces so far dropped over 800 bombs, including more than 3000 missiles and also fired millions of rounds of ammunition on military and civilian targets inside the country. And it goes on. I'm not going to read the whole thing. It's a lengthy article. Well, we're through redent and including everything else we got on there today. Like Nick Christoff in the New York Times, Iraq's not Vietnam. Russian Muslims announced G-Hod against USA. I wonder what they're thinking. Somebody facts me another copy of that article. About that Jack asked from the CIA. Just unbelievable. We're fighting World War 4. So he said so he tells us World War 4. And Syria is next in any ran and anybody else we don't like. And you're all going to go step in line. And I'll use thick and schmothaids out there. Get with it. We're giving you democracy. We're going to be under nine. Our brand of it, by the way. Kind of like you're going to start smoking cigarettes when you want to. And they're going to be pelmels. Yeah, real strong. You're going to be camels. Gut renters, cancer sticks. Oh, I don't smoke. What do you do now? You do now when you want to or not. You're smoking it. It's a matter of fact. Look, sign that in most of agents found in the U.S. We're story from hours ago, but it's breaking news on MSNBC. We're that stopped. A pregnant woman got out screaming and then the car behind her exploded. Well, and I read you go. There's another good story from the naked city. That was the suicide bomb. The homicide bomb. Yeah. I'm sorry. The homicide bomb. Yeah. The three American soldiers got killed for no good reason at all. See, all you, all you ghost that was out there to want to just follow blindly and pretend that this is something wonderful. When he showed you these hearts and flower stories on MSNBC and CNN. And they showed these pictures from home on their bulletin boards of all these beautiful. Young people, men and women. Stop and think about the ones that aren't coming back. For no reason at all. It's worth it. For no reason at all. The lives that are being snuffed out. The person that's a machete. And let me say it again. 50% of the Baghdad population is under the age of 15. 50% of the people and Baghdad are children. I just mentioned that in passing. And so the story that I read earlier, which I haven't had no impact on some of the. The mung heads out there. Somebody goose peppers. Pretty sad. Oh, yeah. We got to kill them all. Yeah. Yeah. Those little children. Some day they'll grow up to be our enemy. Well, you know something. Now they will. A whole lot of them all over the world. That woman was right. Here's my me be. Hello. Yes, sir. I just want to say that. You know, isn't this thickening the way. On TV. You see all of these people hold a broke the convention or Geneva convention and everything about showing prisoners of war and all of this stuff. I mean, we've been breaking conventions and treaties for the last 30 years. Yeah. What about the cluster bombs that we talked about? That's a game for Geneva convention itself. And you know, somebody in the story of figure said, of course, the people don't want war. But after all. Yeah. Hitler said that. Now actually was. You're right. No, it was just a girl. There's a lot of those. I mean, I mean, it's scary. How do you understand the stop-off. It's a little bit of a shame. Yeah. I think it's really, you know, it's really ridiculous that in today's age. We have to make comparisons with netty Germany in the country. I see a lot of comparisons, man. I see the stifling of the freedom of speech is one of the most chilling and dangerous things have ever seen. You know, you know that. I still a carty look like a piker. Yellow times or got shot down. And by the way, there's a great website called vote to impeach.org on which you can go and sign up to. Yeah, good luck to us. Yeah. So I read parts of that book of the forbidden truth. Oh, everything is said on it is extremely true and scary. And also, nom Chomsky has been saying these things for years. Yeah. People being like, out there and like, he's some kind of crazy dude that, you know, if I keep on those, you don't know what he's talking about. And the second thing is that people are just drinking absolutely every single thing that is being dished out to them. Yeah. Like this propaganda that's being put out in the name of news. There is no news being put out in any of that works anymore. And they're working and that works. All that is this propaganda. Oh, look at this. Here are the smiling faces. They're applauding us. They're cheering us. They're giving us the peace sign. And they're good. The kid with the, uh, the Frisbee. What kind of crap is that, okay? They're selectively picking and choosing to project those images that will justify all this in the minds of the stupid, the global American public. And also, you know, they keep saying, we winning. We winning. We winning this war. What are we winning? Right. That's first of all. That's what I'm not getting. But also, it's, you know, if ever been a case where we went in somewhere where we knew this people could kick our asses. Never, never, except for that, you know, World War II, which is a separate, we had not more, we, uh, under West America. Yeah, we under West America. We thought we could go in there and just push them over. Yeah, but there was like about 4 million people that died in there. You know, I mean, you know, it's like people are like, look at the president talking and they're in awe. I mean, well, I'm in awe. I'm in awe. I'm in shock and awe. I've become a serious person. I'm in shock and awe. I've just got to it. I don't even want to listen to him because, you know, honestly, it's not true. It's not much fine. Yeah. Like to know that companies like Holly Burton, you know, are constantly contracted to, you know, to, uh, to refer to the oil wells and there's the restructuring. Oh, I L and M.O. Anyway, I totally did that over your ago. That's what all of this is about. Oh, I L. M.O. Anyway, P.O.W.E.R. Crazy people. Good luck to us there. Hi, my thanks. Here's a facts from South Boats, Stephanie and John Boat George. 25 year list of you are the voice of reason is what it says on his facts. Well, who'd allow you to argue so? Yes, I am. Since we've declined into the supernaturalism of French bashing, let's really teach those frogs a lesson and return this tattoo liberty. It's obviously obsolete under our current regime. That's right. We don't have no more liberty, so let's ship it back. Here we go. Stick it next to the Archstitch. Off. Put it right by your eye full tower. You frogs. We'll get to have another statue that also has its arm up in the air. But a little different. Oh, goose stepping? Yeah. You don't mean that that 45 degree angle do you? See, there we go. Again, man, I'm awfully sorry. We apologize for George. You might mention my name is Rice Master Gary. 56050560. If I'm gonna have a new theme song on a show, that's it. No George talking, no meat talking, this is all the food. All the time, maybe. Go step. Go step, get the hippo's shot. Go step. If you're a superhero, watch the screen. You know that before the porn screens in the government are closing down on an almost great website, we've become a ghost and do. Well, we still have the U.S. Postal Service to rely on. So now is the time to join the Nazi of the month, good. For just eight, nine and out of month, you get the complete history of one prominent Nazi past for prison, the particular group T-hates and any subversive activity they may be planning. So no matter what the race religion or ethnic group you hate, Nazi of the month is right up your alley. Just call 1-800 P in Hedge Order. Order today and get your very own synthetic anophomus that to impress your friends. Absolutely free. That's 1-800 P in Hedge Order today. Okay. We got to... Your mother's standing to stop open stack of everyone. This kind of second unspotaneous, I mean crank that up. I'll come all right, Scarlus is coming up after the break. I apologize, that was about an hour ago. I was supposed to play that. But that's okay because Scarlus is always ready. He's got an open mind. 10 past no to 560 WQAM. Oh look at this. Here's another facts before I get to our spot. Think about how powerful the GOP is. The master of all mine manipulators, Phil Hungry, has been head by them. With all his brilliance he's been led down to pantheye by our presidency. Are you sure? Positive. That's what everybody says. A lot of facts is from people pretty disappointed, pretty pissed off of the erudeteen. You said as funny. God is that pathetic, huh? Yeah, but wait a second. If you've been thinking about buying a new barbecue or any barbecue accessories you've got to go to a great place. There are the headquarters for everything you need in BBQ's galore. Don't forget to get a head start on the BBQ season with a perfect grill and accessories. All of the guaranteed lowest prices. BBQ's galore carries BBQ's in every price range, whether it's the top online commercial great stainless steel grill. Or the more portable Weber charcoal grill like that beauty that I got in the cook and on for about 100 years. For all your barbecue needs at the guaranteed lowest prices, don't forget. Shop BBQ's galore at their implantation on University Drive and a fountain shopping center called 9504-4231400. And also on crawl springs at 7485 West Sample Road at the corner of Sample and Rock Island Road. Call 950-4757668. 757668. BBQ's galore because they do be the BBQ specialist. 757668. 757668. 757668. Why do you breast him? Did you see all ratings for the last book? Yeah, I know it's from that end. You're good. I'm sorry, wrong cut. Huh? I was posting a... Sorry. You mean the bathroom? Making me clean. Oh, don't leave me for a minute. I got out of the mess. I'm dead, man. Hey, what are you? I need these kilos. There we'll get you out of that sink. I got to wash these eggs by so far. Okay, I promise I will. What are you doing there anyway? I am washing my boss. I'll get out of there now. Okay, I promise I will. Oh, wait, wait, wait. I kind of liked to wear your both of those clothes. All that hardware in your face. How are you doing? It's sexy. Grassy. I like that polo in your nose. Here, teach them to... No, no, you are a very bad man. You have my time. I'll give you a done. Okay. Say, I didn't give you a hand washing your clothes. No, give me a run. I will not be on this. How tough it is. You get used to it. Please, I have no body and I have no other body. Now there's a sink. You look sorry. I'll give you another done. Okay. Who's the more? Oh, what do you got down there? I'm kind of a big grander. I promise I will. I can't get out. I can't get out. I can't reach my whole two. Yeah, wait. 1214 at 560 WQM. I'll take that. I'll show you a lot of action for an old coup d'unnie. Newt Burger. Here's another one of our bedtime stories that I got to read on here today from the Seattle Weekly. The war conservative crime, maybe, is nothing worse than a sore winner he writes. It's a good one. Newt Burger. What if he's can do a newt rock near Bob Burger? Or ham? He says, I've never heard a red to work a right-wing radio talk show host Michael Savage. But the subtitle of his bestselling book, Savage Nation, tells me he must be some kind of simple and scissy wimp. It reads, saving America from the liberal assault on our borders language and culture. Excuse me? Liberalism isn't assaulting anyone those days. It's Burley alive. It's a bubble boy on life support in the Coma Ward. Liberalism a threat to whom, Bambi. It's beyond me why conservatives just don't declare victory. Why are they so aggrieved? Because they were driving their SUV and some heavy called them names. Boohoo. The mainstream write his one. But that I mean the raven is talk radio-cooperate kiss ass right. It tells you everything he need to know about them that they're not happy with mere victory. They require an extermination. What is the evidence that they've won? Well, I twist of Iran's monument. It's all around you. Let's see, they own the White House. They own both houses of Congress. They own the Supreme Court. George W. Bush in the words of the immanently reasonable Michael Kinzley is the closest thing in a long time to dictate over the world. We're fighting a preemptive war in Iraq designed with Stambi's dominance in the Middle East, a war in which our tanks have not only flattened fleeing Iraqis, but also the United Nations, NATO and the European Union all bugged bears of the right. Our official warmaking slogan could be taken from the old CIA-run era-america model, anything, anytime, anywhere. The war in Bush's other economic policies are designed to bankrupt the treasury in order to force spending cuts everywhere but in national defense and national offense. The liberal programs that once defined America like social security are doomed. He's turned a demographic bump into a black hole. He's attempting to complete the job Ronald Reagan began by reviving trickle-down syndrome. Your government benefits, they'll be lighting some fat cats cigar if they are fueling the war machine. Bush has even figured out a way to trickle-down deficits. The new federalist in involves moving programs downstream to states that can't pay their own bills, thanks in part to the Bush-run economy. He's redefined states rights to mean that every state has the right to cover whatever programs it wants. And while Bush is diminishing government's overall size and scope and here I define government as that portion of the bureaucracy that actually benefits the citizenry, he's consolidating power in his own hands or the hands of his handlers. Their real and relative powers growing is everything else shrinks. Not since Richard Nixon as a president saw so much authority, as a president been so secretive, as a president been so determined to run the country without following the Congress, as a president been so brazen about waging under-clared war. But Nixon that big commie didn't go far enough. His imperial fantasies were largely limited to the idiotic busby Berkeley costumes of his palace guard. Bush on the other hand has published his imperial plan and signed it in blood. So not only have so-called conservatives taken the country and consolidated their power, they are also wiling or at least showy-be generous snowing the public. This won't be good news to your typical Seattle piece-naked, but here's a disturbing message. Pulsed don't lie. Yes, I wish we could ignore them too, but the messenger will not purfege his close enough when it comes to measuring attitude trans what did the polls say? They say 70% of the American public supports the war and that support has been growing. They say 70% of the public approved the way Bush is doing his job and more broadly they say that more than half 53% of the country thinks America is on a right track. Red white and blue marketing is in. Protest coverage is a turn off. Sure, maybe it's partly due to a wartime rallying effort, but that's the point. Bush is pushed us into a perpetual war because that's what fuels the rights of sense of righteousness and fear is the glue that holds the whole plan together. It also suits the rights siege mentality no matter that they've got it and the funds they knew deal the new frontier and the great society somehow it's American conservatives who feel marginalized under attack and oppressed. But what do they have to fear really? Michael Moran is Oscar Knight tantrums, Ralph Nader, Tom Dachel, Susan Surrandon, soccer moms with Darwin fish, horrible traders all. What will make the right wing happy? A statue of Jefferson Davis and downtown Seattle, Charlton has to on the $3 bill, doubtful. Like an elephant scared of a mouse, the right is a pitiful giant. It's still deeply insecure despite a half century of successful political conquest, but in that insecurity they find strength and resolve. There are enemies to fight and liberals to demonize. If you think you're safe in this island of liberalism and Seattle, don't get too smug because there are very existence assaults their crybaby sensibilities. Eventually they'll get around to dealing with all the pockets of resistance even if the war's already won't. Newt burgundy Seattle, weekly. Pretty good column. Right on target, Newt. You go, babe. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Very manlow and George having a real battle there huh. And hand to nose and nose to whatever. Very manlow 70, George Rodriguez 58, which celebrity you do in Jorbo had never admitted. M&M 47, Newt Roger's 37, George Michael 29, back street boys and Mohara David Ty 27, see a lot of similarities there. Oh, they got better here. Boy George 25, Michael Jackson 24, Abba 23, and stink 15, Barbara Streisand 11, everybody else single digits. Small potatoes. You win the very manlow. I see a lot of celebrities there. I'll be the opening act. I'm always thinking that he ought to show up too. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Carl Springs, hello. Hello. Yes sir. I, yeah. How old are you all ever forgot 9-11? I lost my dad over there in 9-11. No, we didn't forget 9-11 sir. Are you people who think the war is not necessary? Listen to how it's turned. No, no thanks. No thanks. And I'm interested in listening to Howard Stern. Okay. I've been in EQs from some jackass that was, who's special, he for the last 20 years have been talking about lesbians and big breasts. And I don't get my intellectual feed from Howard. And let me say it again sir, with all due respect. We're sorry about your loss, but Iraq had nothing to do with 9-11. In addition to which, here we are now in the third week of the war. All of these tremendous gains they've made. Right at that era, although I thought they had the bag that airport all secure last night. They were telling us, and all of a sudden, the battle still going on. Well, whatever you want to believe. But we're damn close. You know, the bag that airport's only a 12 miles out of town. I would've downtown in Baghdad. Yeah. It's just good as it does. And here we are. And we really found, and it, forget about what we found. Because now they're starting to say, well, we found this. But if they had this gigantic cache of weapons of mass destruction. Where are they? Why haven't they used any? They're waiting for us to cross the Rutland. Why haven't they used any? Quite frankly, that they were talking about have been eviscerated basically. There's practically no Republican guard. They're practically because we've bombed them off the face of the earth. Now, wouldn't you think if they were cornered and backed into a situation like that at a very last year? Because that's what they get to tell us. We're back in the middle of a corner. It's going to use all them chemical weapons. So let's do it. Where are they? Any minute though. And this, this, you know, it's so demeaning. If you really did lose somebody in 9.11, it's so demeaning to the memory of whoever that was. To be this stupid. This knee jerk reaction. Well, you know what they, they got a bunch of ours. Who's the day? Who's the day? Muslims. Oh, schmacht to heads? Like James Wolsey says. Yeah. We're going to democratize those Muslims whether they like it or not. And then of course, we're going to Christianize them at the same time. You do understand that. That's part of the game plan. Remember the story from the other day? They're just going to go and send them food. The southern Baptist have already got their plans to go over and to convert, convert those, save those heathen bastards. So we're going to give them what they don't want. They don't want any part of it. Yes, they'd like to have freedom. They'd like their freedom to choose their own government. They don't want our brand of democracy. They don't want us telling them how to live or what to believe or what to believe or certainly not what to think. And that includes the Syrians and the Saudis and the Iranians. And everybody else in a goddamn face of the earth. See, this is probably the problem of this arrogant country that this has become under the bush mice during his crew of fascists. Yeah, we're going to tell everybody, including all of you, all of your opinions to watch the New York. That's all of your up. Same thing. Exactly the same thing. What do they know? Ah, they don't know crap. They've only been around for like ten times as long as we have. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. No. Yes, sir. No. Listen, I'm going to start off by saying as an independent voter, I've been thinking about getting you on a academy award for speaking your mind and going with your convictions on this thing. And no matter what side of the left hand fence you're on, there's a lot of politics, a degree or disagree that's being used along with this war. And it's interesting for me to observe that everybody who's calling in can't even have a conversation about this because they're fixed one way or the other on the thing. And myself, I'm going to take a wait and see approach. I think this is a good segue with that article you just wrote. And that maybe there isn't any mass destruction bombs over there. Maybe this is political. Sir, sir, let me ask you this question. Does Russia have weapons of mass destruction? I'm sure they do somewhere, but I don't know what they are. Does France have weapons of mass destruction? They may have something. Does North Korea have weapons of mass destruction? Sir, if that's going to be the rationalization for us launching all of these so-called preemptive wars, we're going to, it is going to be World War Four. We're going to be at war with every other country on the face of the earth. I don't think there's anybody with any degree of sense whose interest didn't end. That's what I'm talking about. There's people that are coming on these spin shows. Joe Lieberman, he comes on the show. He says, well, we got to get behind the president in the war. And then his next press, he says, but later we'll find plenty to hang on George Bush. But for now, let's go for a little bit. He's strictly an asshole, man. Julie, I'm going to speak to him. Sir, that's right. I'm just telling you right now, sir. He's an asshole. He's an idiot. He's a simple man. Hey, you try to sort out the reality. This isn't the stirring show. This isn't the smet show. This is your show. That's right. Sir, let me tell you what somebody calls me. It tells me I should get my political and international directions from Howard Stern. I know I must be on a right track. You can take lessons from you. Have you got the good work? Have a great day, pal. Thank God for me. That's all I can say. And what's your name? Yeah. I mean, when people like Howard Stern and Phil Henry have sold out, what is that Lee for? And just like that article, I just read sin. If I knew rock near whatever he'll do his name, what? Just like that article said. They're not happy with having like 95% of the public opinion being controlled by the same Tom Atons. They want 100%. They want people like Neil Rogers off the air. Oh, and you know, he played those vet. Yeah, right. That's right. Get him off the air. We don't want one single dissenting voice, but isn't it great that we're exporting our whole brand in democracy? It seems to me if we're exporting what's going on. What's going on is going to come to you right now. We're sporting fascism. Is what we're exporting. Not freedom. Not freedom of speech. Not freedom of dissent. Not freedom of expression. The same tired, stale crap that we saw on the first years of Vietnam. Everybody who has the balls to speak out against it, let's demonize them. Let's demonize Jerry Ruben. Let's demonize Daniel Ellsberg. Let's demonize everybody. Who has the balls to tell a like it. And then all of a sudden when it no longer became popular, it was no longer politically correct. Then the very same media that we're sucking, Lyndon Johnson and Richard Nixon's ass. Oh, yes, what? This is an unjust war. We're bringing thousands and thousands of people home and body bags and they're butchering people over there and Vietnam. And it's in men women and little children. And we don't even know which people are butchering. We don't know the good guys from the bag of South America. What a sad, you know, that whole line about if you don't learn by history or do you do to repeat it? And that's exactly what's going on here. Exactly. And let me reserve my most constant comments for you. Asoles in the media, you propagandist man. Joseph Gervos will be proud of you. What you're doing. And there's Brian Williams on MSNBC yesterday. Ladies and gentlemen, lamenting the fact that well, a lot of the Iraqi people are showing this footage in the background. You know? Of the people were like a little bit, you know, if you didn't know whether this scream read a banana. Good guys are bankers. And he said, well, it's a little bit difficult for them to understand that this is a, this is a war of liberation, not occupation. That's not news reporting. That's editorializing. I don't need Brian Williams to tell me what the hell is war's all about. Any more of they need to answer the latest news on there for like two and a half minutes on channel for which I did not watch last night. And we'll never watch their news again. Good. Giving me a speech, a hearts and flowers speak. They should have had some little Brian or across their plane of island or plane of harp. Perfect on it. Yeah. Give me a song to dance about Jessica. And about what a great role model she is for all of us in how, how proud I just do the guy in the news. Read out the cue cards, okay, Angela. And sit there, yuckin' it up, you silly goose. And by the way, nice job in New York, honey. Why in local? We're sports radio, 560C, you ain't you, A.M. Good on, this is Joe Bowen, the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs. And you're listening to the hockey authority, Neil God. Yeah. The Middle Eastern world will be exploded to dumb that people go with the gas that we sold him. First time a crescer nation and the only one that's going, now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing. Forget about Korean, the Newster's home to NASA, who right-wing is filling it over and over into our head. Daddy, rag, ass off, weapons of past destruction. God. 3,000 people killed. Our now forgotten, left exploitum instead. Eight, their soil to be caught and going after satown to play Keto's summer. There's no longer mention of the name in lotters, but no one sees good sand all. I'm being complacent, believe in every word of this cartel-it administration. That control this by fear through the enemy manipulation and the right-wing is filling it over and over into our heads. Dad, I rag, ass off, weapons of past destruction. The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying. We're all suspects now, not the ass property's saying. I have nothing to hide. Table of partners all are safe. I know, be a cattle don't have any reservation. Bought of provoked fanglement, world annihilation. Old regimes must fall and have a virgin and soak, which no objection at all. Till the crap known half a fall, man, the right-wing is filling it over and over into our parade. I rag, ass off, weapons of past destruction. All the I rag, ass off, weapons of past destruction. While we're watching every fly-short of geek out there doing his annual BS conference, and the side is showing MSNBC the pictures of Saddam Hussein allegedly, touring the streets of Baghdad and high-fiving and low-fiving and dual. He'd this guy looks about as much like Saddam Hussein as he looks more like gradual marks. Well, we don't know exactly who's going to have what role on it. Yeah, that's right. Maybe gradual be playing every fly-short in his next flick. Duck soup. Anyway, here's a fact from Ray and Highly who's trying to make himself feel better absolve himself of any blame. It says, a great show is one of those people who voted for Ralph Nader. I voted for Nader because I wanted to send a message to the Democratic Party. There are consequences for their drift to the right. It was a protest vote I hope would be large enough to force Democrats to incorporate more green party issues in future election platforms. And I note about 9-11 in the cynical way the Bush administration would exploit it. I would have swallowed my disgust with Democrats and voted for Gore. But hindsight is 2020. Blaming everyone who voted for Nader absolves the Democrats of any responsibility for their lame opposition to the Republicans, not to mention washes the hands of these Supreme Court and our fair and valence media. What I change by vote now if I could, of course, are Nader supporters responsible for the course the Bushes have steered us in, of course not. It may be too late to change the 2000 election, but if there isn't less than 2004, I'll vote for the Democratic uniformies a monkey and a member of suit, can't be worse than what we have now since we're in Highly. Well, if you want to absolve yourselves in a blame, go right ahead if it makes you feel better Ray, but the fact of the matter is that the Nader people threw away their vote. That wasn't the time or the place for a protest vote. That was the time to like make a choice. Between the buffer the weak need Democrats, the weak sister, Al Gore, the cigarster Indian that he is, and his simple running mate, or the right wing fanatics, which we knew he was owned by, which big business interest we knew he was owned by the fanatical Christian right? So the Nader people cannot absolve themselves, all they can do is pledge themselves, I'll never do that kind of crap again. You might as well take in your vote and vote it for Pat Buchanan like those old Jews in Palm Beach County. That would have said about it. At least they didn't vote for Bush. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. Here's a call from Voka, hello. Neil. Yes sir. Hey, what's going on? Hey, do you really think that Bush is in charge? I mean, is the guy in charge? Cheney. Of course. Bush, Pearl, Wolfowitz, fight. I just don't really think that the guy in Fleshley is sitting in there. He's a puppet, but the problem is he's a very malleable puppet, and they're getting to do their bidding, and he believes in it. Why does Bachelis the mouthpiece? I mean, most people don't know what's the convert. Yeah, I mean, most people don't realize he's just the mouthpiece, he's not really anybody who is in charge of him. But keep in mind, keep in mind, Reagan was just a figurehead for the far right. He was the first figurehead ever was elected to be the spokesperson for the far right. Yeah, well, the first mouthpiece really. I mean, it started way back when the first Bush was an office, and you know, that, that, in those days it was basically, said, obviously, this is a, it's a, it's, it might be a crazy story, but basically he went to thatcher and, to Bush and just basically said, I want to take part of the way back that was originally hours and a small piece of it. They actually wanted him out of there, so it told me I'd go ahead and take it. You want to add. That's correct. A lot of people forget about that, but they, they were giving him a wink in the nod. And the US ambassador to Iraq was given the wink in the nod as the Kuwait rather, and he just went ahead and did it. Because he didn't take all the quid, he only took a small portion of it. That's people in real life, like if you look at the map and see what he took, it took a small portion of it. When they didn't take a whole youth portion of it. You know what I mean? So people don't realize like really what, what was taken there. And the other thing was that most Arabs that are from that part of the world that I've met and talked to over here, basically have said that it's a crazy story, it's like it's a part of fashion, but, you know, stranger things have happened in the world of politics and in the world of that matter. Well, a little bit late now, man. Then who are you doing actually? Yeah, who am I dating? Pussy galore. Pulse show, so, and I see here's a guy goes through that whole thing, that whole routine. And this is his new line, our new tagline. So why don't you get a life? Okay, why don't you get with it? Get real. Pulse show support 70% plus, but 63% things, Sodom is tied to 911. That's a new pool, I guess. This fact says, I always knew about 80% of the people at their heads up their ass and think the government doesn't know wrong ever since the Indians, the government never stopped to look back. The bush family, nothing but drugs and crackheads it says here. How do you like that? That's really putting it over the top. Uh-huh. Drugs and crackheads. Here's what it says, how many years will it take for the citizens of this nation to a tone for what this cowboy has done to us in the rest of the world? About 30 men. At the very least. No way, oh, I already fly through. There's some very, very perspicacious observations again. No way of knowing if that's the dumb on the taper not. So in other words, comcy coms, men's men's, it could be, it could not be, maybe it is, maybe it ain't. Like I said, I already looked more like a Sodom was in the neck eye that they showed a little a while ago marching around the, creating, and a lot like he's going to be out there parading and downtown Baghdad. Oh my god, as once again, the media deals with us like we're a bunch of little kids in sandboxes, which most of you are, but nevertheless, feel like we're just like a bunch of little children like Simpletons. But here's the pictures in their waving back in their saluting. Oh, everything yesterday with Bob Arnand, I thought I was going to have another stroke right on here when I had the audio one, but Bob Arnand and MSNBC. And he's looking up to say, first he starts out with it with a gun battle and he heard the gun shots and they see the tanks and then he goes on and he starts to digressing and talking about looking as far as the eye can see and the people are welcome them with open arms and they're all excited and they're high five. And in the meantime, we're all of that. Oh, that's right, I forgot we didn't separate the evildoers from the good guy. I forgot, sorry. More to that again. Twenty-two-one, the mad dog Jim Mandat, you want to clock in in a three-aclock, and he came from Gulfstream. Punch in his guts out the Humper, let's see the Humper going to be back next week. You know, we need to get his fat ass back in his building again. He's out here more than I am. Let's see. Well, at least we got a ball game. Oh, look at that! Alright! Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. I just saw some of the best news I've seen in the long time. Pre-game Marlon Show 12, 30 on Monday. I might actually show up that day. That's right, George. Don't care, you won't be here. But Carlos is happy about it. And then Hank is on after the ball game from Shula's take two. And then two day Hank at the mommy heat. I think Hank had to let him in a building. You don't want to catch any of most kudies. Sorry, that's what he told me. You don't want to kudies from that piece. Twenty-two-one at five sixty-w-two-q-way. I'm here more great deals for you from our good friends Tom Lamin and Joe Prieto with Helipani AGMC. I want you to listen very carefully because these deals are unbeatable. Neodyl number one, get yourself zero percent financing? For sixty months on every Pontiacor GMC Instock every single one. Neodyl number two, get yourself up to a $4,000 rebate on every new GMC and Pontiac Instock. That's correct. Get up to a $4,000 rebate on every new car or truck in stock at Hallett Wright this moment as I speak. Neodyl number three, if you're currently a GM smart leased smart by customer and you'd rather Chevy Blazer and Older Vervato or GMC Jimmy. Buy or lease a new Pontiacor GMC and get you an extra $1,000 off the price. Stop by Hallett and test drive the all new and powerful Pontiac Grand Prix. Hallett Pontiac GMC, they are unbeatable away they treat you to give you fantastic deals and no high pressure no BS. There are one thirty-four or one-sufftixie highway that's US one across in the falls open every single day seven days a week. If you want more information on the special deals right now call the Neodyl hotline and Hallett. Tool free one triple eight five three four forty two eleven. That's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven. Don't forget all Neodyl deals subbed to credit approval CD before details. Hallett Pontiac GMC can there be any question they are professional grade. My life and love this is for three five sixty. Way too way. They have a heart or a liver. Hello Michael Ijters office. Ijters. Yes sir. What the hell go that finish it. What the hell are you doing to me? Are you a building and that's right. What did I do now sir? Hey Glets big movie. Yeah like piglets big piece of pink pole. What an amazing success we're so proud of the animation in that. The thing finished seven buys their seven. Do you know how much money we spent on that runty little stuttering pig? Like eighty ninety million dollars. Ninety three million dollars on piglet and open seven. It's going to take me nine months to make my freaking money back. But but but sir the animation is. The animation is terrible. I don't know what you're talking about. Hold on a minute. Oh yes sir. I got reem of self-suffering. I'm not right sir. Reem of. Get your ball. Reem of coming in. Get your ball. Stop you're gambling women. What's the hell you're doing? But in a drainage system. A drainage system. You know a system of art visual natural drains. This is you used the drain of simple water. I know what a drain of system is. I don't need a drainage system in my office. We're having a snake. I don't even have a water bottle. I swear. Yes sir. I'll buy the way I forgot that. How do the Oscars go? Oh funny you should ask guys. Now that's my next topic. Was it an amazing time? What the hell? Thought I'd finish it. Are you doing that? Are you doing the main put me on stage with Jennifer Garner from Ali? Well we figured she's on ABC. You know what? I figured I do a just for howl that it'd be fine. I figured I'd get a little action afterwards. You know what she says to me? Why am I married? I can't do that. You're my boss. I don't want to go down that boat. Hang on a bit if there's an explosion in my office. Alright. We're not going to go. We're just like I'm wrecked. What the hell are you doing to me? That's what we're all about. Famous stuff blasting through my walls. I'm trying out a bold conversation with my pubs president. Get away from me. We meet your things like. Come on. Hi sir. Yes sir. Hot the hell? Are you doing a big thing? But we'll all sort of go a Jennifer. It didn't last there. I got nothing. Nothing. Nothing. You wouldn't even give me a hand. Well so you are a married man. You know what? Just sound like mini. I went home. She said, oh I thought I'd say good Jennifer going up. You love me so much water coming over here. I said I don't want a mirror mini. I just want a water drop. Bring it back. Come on. We met. What are you doing? Come on. Come on. Get your crew out of here. I hear you. Get your heart out of here. Are you doing? Are you doing the big? Prop 45, 560, WQM 50 minutes away from your mad dog. The angry puppy, the hostile hound. We asked on our pool today, theoranges.com. Which ought to be reading all of those bedtime stories very carefully and very closely. Anybody out there with an IQ larger than their thumbnail? Which celebrity music TV radio movies do enjoy most but would never add mid-it? Which of these celebrities are you a closet fan of, but you don't want anybody to know. Very manlow, 80, Jorge Rodriguez 61. I can't wait. David. M&M 52, Neil Roy is 41, George Michael 31, back street boys 29, Mohour David 29, boy George 26, Michael Jackson 25, Av 24, everybody else under 20. I like that. Good thing Morris give me. Very weak closet audience out there for the BG's when they got 12 votes. 560, 560, Pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's Miami, hello. Here's a call from my Wellington, hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yes sir. Neil is waiting to wound and wasn't served with Mayor Nond. Sorry. So you were going to have two options for you to get to a few of those things. Anybody would put you up against Howard Stern as he gotten past puberty. Yeah. Number one. Number two. I'm so sick of hearing every time the studio parts. It's breaking news and I'm over it. It's breaking wind. It's breaking wind. The dry and recreating. Finally, you know, like I touched on to before but he didn't really elaborate. If there were somebody else in both four besides either party because I'm sick of both. they both stink and the reason that we're in this mess right now is because they're in the class don't have the for the bunch of cows they don't have the political uh... courage to stand up against this crap because they're afraid that they're gonna be painted into a corner is being on patriotic and therefore they all power and they all just that they're all much of lackies is what they are you know if there's going to be an independent this this time this next election election will be the time to it because uh... i for one one election the one company that you know well don't be too sure there's going to be no next election right here what it's going to be as far more years for the video then eight years for japan and eight years for George p not for me a more final thing one final thing to the George disagree with you on anything firmly i like to get a good i just got to witness yesterday with the same question are you like uh... i miss the yesterday well he still disagrees on the same thing is yesterday have a great thing what about is that mean what different day of course he disagrees on plenty of things i mean he's anti-somantic five six seven five sixty p five sixty you don't like the back street boys what can i say if you know don't like the factory you don't like mode David how it did but that's because what try to get his aspire here's bill blade hello uh... yes sir couple of things they need to have to take the military with saying that everybody over in a rack carries a uh... they can't forty-second so they can tell the good guys from the bad guys yeah now in their military supposedly going up again far is it like a and i'll be seen from the team where they're shooting us in the blood bomb and we constantly hit the target yet they're shooting with peace with the machine with like uh... you know the thousand pound bombs i'd love to hear about the center of fact that law four five our guys that the other but they're three hundred dinner rackies five hundred dinner rackies right right doesn't occur with that so there's a there's a there's a glorious freedom of fighting acts uh... another question uh... after this is over and we throw him out of office and they find out that this was a big game and political thing well well wait wait what do you mean that they find out who's gonna find out we already know that the public isn't listening the american public isn't inquisitive all they're doing is watching these just like now MSNBC continues showing this footage of this make believe sold them out there in downtown Baghdad and are all waving their arms all the uh... rackie people this is no more this guy is no more sold a menu are man right now and what do they truth this found out after we kill thousands of visitors right and the truth come back and we're gonna say and Iran right and people finally get the right together in his country and get the republicans out of it so it's not gonna happen what makes you see what evidence do you see that that's going to happen okay i'm just saying is that way we get like they do with uh... all you will swap the internet out to we hand him over to the haig and he way possible hands on him over no push oh well good luck to you he's slippery five six seven oh five sixty four maybe together maybe like a package deal where one might use to say we got package deals five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty only eighty and t and the rise of our last line look at that quite uh... i see fine wiggins is in quay city but they're showing a footage it's from Baghdad and uh... the what they would resort to at this point uh... all this uh... this man with a a crafty annoyingly so passed has to do is is kind of tweak his his opponents if he doesn't have anything militarily left in his quiver like we wholeheartedly i think he's trying to do everything you can this may be a very good uh... tactic for him very easy to put uh... one of his body doubles out in public to try and whip up uh... some anti-american sentiment which he's doing Baghdad's right again is fighting forces ready for this battle of Baghdad and what a crowd ahead of the least what two three hundred people oh man i'd tell you the propaganda machine rolls on and he's an evil doers if we didn't already know that okay if we're gonna be in a business of eliminating every evil doer on the face of the earth especially the ones that we put in the first place like him we got a big tour ahead of us you know it's worth it okay i forgot twelve fifty one at five sixty wqm it's worth it to make an easy phone call to get you a good night sleep isn't i think so i've been doing for a long time call in dollar mattress when you'll mattress finally gives out no matter how great it used to be even the best mattress is finally wears out so what do you do you make one simple call to dollar mattress one eight hundred m-a-t-t-r-a-s and your and tear suffocating night sleep for months and years to come and what it comes to mattress is they got the best brands they got the best delivery service they got the best prices and they got the easiest way to get it to you because there's nothing you have to do except make that one easy call they got silly and service him and king corollabey size and style ready for just about immediate delivery which they do in any two hour window that you pick out when it's convenient for you when you're going to be home instead of wasting an entire day your life sitting and waiting dollar mattress has more repeat and referral customers than anybody else because they know how to give you the unbeatable service and treat your right once you buy a mattress the first time from dollar mattress you'll never go back to wasting your gas and time and money and assure them again and don't forget when you do buy your mattress and dollar mattress they take away the crappy old smelly soil bedding and set up your beautiful brand new one for free that's right sounds too good to be true but it is true dollar mattress takes away the crappy old bedding and sets up completely your brand new one for free so make the call now and guarantee yourself a long time of having a great night's sleep 1 800 mattress 1 800 mhttra s for dollar mattress and be sure and tell them that old meal and fat boy told you to call my life and look all this is 4256 do do do do do do we'll meet again if we don't want to tell from the bush got tell them left us all this or we both end you line the sickle was our do as the bombs dropped from the stars from far away maybe we should have paid attention a little bit more to the facts we just we've known the price of care for stick long but i'm afraid that's a long one for you we'll meet again with our home that my friends civil rights will be restored once on a day all right we're going to the five six you look at this show on this footage on and on and on important by these teams to surgically take out my god i mean even when we know it's not him and they just got through saying he puts a double out there which it obviously is anybody with an IQ larger than the thumbnail knows that but they can't get enough of this so crap which i don't even know what are showing it because it's not good you know right not good for business because there'll be some people out there say oh yeah he's alive it's see we saw my MSNBC today warrant in bokeh who's a pretty good fact sure he's right up right on with his short fact it's his for me the tone of this administration in the war will set back during the 2000 election by that jackass pounding on the door the eight county election committee yelling let us in let us in remember that that remember it like it was yesterday i can picture him leading our troops pounding at the gates of Baghdad if you don't agree with them on any issue they will pound in the on force their will on you and warrant in bokeh you are absolutely correct you got your summer on a baby but fight the good fight don't give up don't cave into these bastards that's my best advice to you friend of mine asked me yesterday says you don't think this war thing is gonna like hurt your ratings and i said who gives a crap i don't care it might and maybe one i don't care i don't i don't pre-plan what i say on the right i think the word where i'm coming from i know that's a shocking thought as opposed to as opposed to some people on the year i don't want to mention any names whoever deadly are tailoring and customizing their own mental process and their expressions of thought based on what's expedient what the poles are showing yeah they stuck their finger out the window to see which way the wind was blowing are you sure it sounds like it to me i don't want to mention no names about that when somebody calls me up to give me a song and that's about how I should listen to how it's stirring to get my direction on my political thought process i know that i must be doing something right stick to the breast and the lesbians okay how it stick to something that you can relate to that you understand not world affairs a great example of an ego run a mock out of control good golly miss molly how's that pull coming i'm pretty well get to it here's a call from Orlando hello what the hell are you doing to me here's my name he hello my name yeah yeah yes sir yeah you know one thing that that puddles me is what all the reporters are in Baghdad from day one before the war started and he in after the war started is not to the american reporters aren't you many less now no but i mean did that seem odd to you that uh this dictator i want you know i guess you're the dictator and his bad guy i blah blah blah blah blah blah the point is why would he allow these reporters to state or especially on rooftops what cell phones etc in the telecommunication of the new name i think well for the same reason so that he could you just like you want to do with peter our net use him to spread his propaganda even though i think peter our net cuts screwed badly but nevertheless you know he he wants to eat that's why there's shoneys films number of these tapes right now of him allegedly alive and meeting and greeting the end-down time bagged out with all his supporters to whip up the troops that's why let's see too long for you to read on the air but you might want to read it when you get home love you Lydia thank you Lydia my me long time list your frequent uh car well that's good oh my god this goes on and you're right it's too long to read on the air but thanks i'll take a peek at it and the story too lady thank you how's that poll coming we ask on the arraggios dot com today with celebrity music tv radio movies do enjoy but would never admit it you'd never want anybody to know you like these people it that you're listening to me wanting their music you listen to the radio show or whatever might be very manlow 81 George Rodriguez 62 oh right well i'd never expected you to put up such a good battle i'm gonna go and keep in mind this is not a negative poll this is a positive they enjoy your work they just don't want to let anybody know about it they and that's could mostly be eating as part i'm sure that i'm actually right lot of the voted on this oh he get his where his must ask used to be it starts getting like all goosey when he hears you but talk about him eating ass very manlow 81 George Rodriguez 62 mnm 53 Neil Rodriguez 44 royers George Michael 32 Mohour David 30 that's three boys 29 abba 27 play a little abba come on to late oh i got yani finally on me that's enough boy George 26 my Michael Jackson 25 and Stink 16 the BG's 12 Barbara Streisand 12 we like the BG's Ricky Martin 10 we don't like him Johnson caught a seven we don't like him either Richard years seven Leo to capital for we can't stand him you make me nauseous John provolta three kiss two they 52's two yani's got two and John test don't have any mad dog you stab a big parent he's coming up now bye bye bye and