They can't offer no without their differences. Damn, Faggot, I can't stand it. Why record your trash? I'll protect all the checks and you tell. Michael and his monkey juicy star. With all his witness, you may might sing or not. You're just a child. You're teleporting a toy. Tell him less and way. Time to make a sleazy fuck of your family's name. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I guess somebody must've known somebody a lot of money for that tough piece last night. There she was again. First, outing in six years, Latoya. I would've King Meister. I would've had her. That was pathetic. That was just pathetic. And now all of that stuff that she wrote in the book and all of those things that she said, come to find out that her former manager, a slash slave master, he forced to say all those things. And that it's a very functional family now. No more dysfunction in the Jackson family. They all love each other. And Michael's just a wonderful, like a big teddy bear. He's a great guy in a very tough business man. And Yadiyadiyadiyadiyadiyy in the duty duty duty. And Baba Baba Baba and oh my god. I kept coming back to it because it was like watching a gigantic train wreck. I kept going back to it. I was going back to it. It was better to watch in Leeskit to beat and all that stupid crap on her game. It was amazing. And the colors. They must not only just screen the calls. They must make the calls. Yeah. They must have a staff of phony colors that call it. That's what we got to do. Can you imagine the great calls we could every week? We'll just have a whole staff of phony people calling in. Let me muck a neck of call. He likes to call in a period all the time. Pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop. Just go away, Duff. Okay. Just go find something more productive to do. Like picking a good one. Anyway, it's a 9.03 or a 5.60 WQ. We give this audience a lot to do. We can't take them off the streets. I'm going to hear that. Huh? What a public service. Oh, look at that. Since I printed this out, we already got six more phony votes for Key West. Wow. This audience has been real busy since I went to bed last night. You'd think that if they're going to pick a pool, pick a pick a peater. No, it took a crank that they found something more important than this one. Well, yeah. But I guess the reason they did that is because it was not Miami. We asked yesterday the most overrated city in the world is, and Miami of course won hands down. But between the time I went to bed last night in this morning, Key West is about 200 and some odd crank votes. And I say more like 250. And just just the votes pouring in there. Key West don't even get zapped. Small potatoes. Let it turn over to 400 first. Oh, it will. It will, Billy. It will. Yeah. Let me refresh it here. It'll certainly have 400 votes. So we had 1500 in some odd votes. Some of which about maybe 20 or 30, which were really real. There you go. 400 on mine. For Key West. 300 which were phony votes at least. Anyway, Miami is the winner. I heard Hank pick up on his yesterday. Nice runner. He Hank at least listens to this show. He wants it a great while, you know, picks up on something that we do and and embellishes it. It elaborates on it. Kills an easy hour with it like he did yesterday before I became on. Nice going, Humber. It isn't interesting topic. In fact, the poll we're going to do today is even like kind of a spin off on it. How do you like that? We're spinning it off. Miami wins hands down. I'll, I did hear Hank say, you know, of course one of his favorites. You know, Miami would have to be on the list. Based on what? I don't know. A guy that's travel around as much as he has. Maybe he's found interesting places down here. Or maybe a lot of good hookers. I don't know. One of the other. I think that that's more likely. Or power to him, you know, a lot of good hookers. That's got to be it. What else could it be? I don't know. The weather. Ah. Got two inches of snow on a ground in Toronto here and you know something big Stinking deal. Who cares? No, who tells he ain't? Yeah. Miami, 328 votes wins hands down. Nobody even close including like phony votes for Key West. Oh, there were some other phony votes on here too. They just had a blast with this poll yesterday. You know, it's good that we keep people off the streets with this. Now that we're going to write their blow the world up. New Orleans 152. I heard who the hell called in? Was it saying that? Oh, yeah. Hank was talking about it. That it's a CD and it's a toilet and it's a source. That exactly what I said? Yeah, pretty much. We're right. And about that fatty food and a real extra spicy food that will hit your Roads pop and all over the place. If you want to have bleeding him or it's like way faster. Ruh! Okay, right now that's the perfect place to get him. Whipped up into a frenzy. You'll have grapes. I'm I'm Tony. You won't be able to sit down for a month if you eat that crap down there. A pair of 124 was stirred. Then Los Angeles 93 New York 91. This is the most overrated city in the world. Nassada Bahamas 74. That was the late edition and congratulations to whoever we're all called into Mind Beyond that. Good choice. But I dump the Bahamas. I'll see Hank didn't want to say that because every now and then he does. Has he done some shows over there? Right. Him and Eddie K. Sure. Because I guess to get a feed deal over there and get to go and punch their brains out one of those casinos. But man, you talk about our rip off place. That hotel. I know it's years ago, but nevertheless that weren't Bahamas. Bahamian, whatever that place wasn't. It was so milky and moldy in there that everything we let the walls were soaked. Everything was soaked. It was grotesque. $50 for a cab driver. You could have walked in 13 seconds. Just how would just hand over your money, mind. We're giving you a good time, mind. On behalf of the world, let me just clean you out. Man. Much of grave robbers all you behemians, we know that you're listening to QM. We know you love this show. We only wish we could say the same about you. We know that you just rip us off and hate us like poison. See all this business about people hate Americans. One thing about it in Bahamas, they always hated us and they still do. They just want our money, man. That was pretty a part about it. Yeah, just 10 of money over to me, man. Get in. On a food. Oh my God. I don't think it. I forget what casinos was. It would be for they built these new ones. So this is many years ago. And I'm not going back to check it out to make sure how nice it is now. I don't want to find out about the food was grotesque. Really the goat wasn't fresh? The goat was old and used and had been able to find somebody's door for a few months. Or land of 66. I think they should have done better than that. Don't you? Absolutely. The lander shed more than 66. Talk about overrated. Sorry, Eric. Talk about our, well, he can't help it. It's our real Mickey Mouse. I can't help it. I can't help it. Vegas 50. Man, that's kind of like a median number there. It's not too bad. Then one guy called in and said, yeah, Vegas is overrated because the sex life out there isn't so great the hookers. Yeah. Not as affordable. What is that? Is that the only thing the barometer? I mean, you can get lucky anywhere. He could get lucky in like Jackson, Michigan. He could get lead. You don't know what he looks like or how much money he has. Look, I said, there's a guy that couldn't get lead in Jackson, Michigan. That guy that called yesterday. Tampa 45. And I'll say it again. I don't, when I travel the world, I never hear anybody say, Oh, we can't wait to go to Tampa. We'll think of that bridge. So what is that all about? Why would you say it's overrated with nobody ever says anything? Good about it. I say, that's what I say. That's great. That's what I say. Amsterdam 32, although nobody would call it and tell me why. I guess that was just to be contrary. Dallas 28, which again, I never heard anybody say, Oh, let's go to Dallas. Let's see where he is. Assassination took place there. Philadelphia 24. I mean, have you always wanted to go to see the Texas School Book to Pository, the grassy Nolan. And the grassy Nolan. Right. And see if Lee Harvey Oswald was really up there with all cardboard boxes and the look for shell casing. Filtered, at the age of 24, Aspen 17. They were just kissing the Carlos's ass after he put that one under by himself. He don't be putting any more stuff under by yourself, Mr. Smarty pants. Sure. I'm positive. All right. After that article, you put on our website. Oh, I'm never going to get over that. That was just, I mean, am I not sending enough material to last two days? I must have facts to you. 600 articles in the last two days. And he's putting his own crap on there, including one. When I saw that this morning, I want to kill somebody and it wasn't myself. It wasn't other than the tape. Oh, yeah. The hell it wasn't. Taint. They were like, I can smell it all the way up here. Get it off of there. Aspen 17, San Francisco 15. Yep. Oh, yeah. And I heard somebody call Hank yesterday talking about, uh, where and how was it? Clip 4 unter. What a wonderful city. It was only his misfortune. He was there during the gay. gamemaker out. That's like my being here during That 왔 to Week. What did they call that? Oh, goodóatta Fundablogament. I wish I'd rather be here during the Gumbafeeau. God with sofa hues out there on the streets in good-way dees. San Francisco 15. Looks number seven and San Diego 7. See the reason I mean it's got to be crank folks because how many people have been the Luxonburg? I don't know that many maybe seven none Maybe really sucks. I don't know about how would anybody go to Luxonburg in the first place which leads us to our poll today, but before we get to it I don't know other poll. Yeah, let's wait. Let's see how long before that guy calls in. I'll just do nice to negative to me Oh, yeah another poll show another other poll show Oh Oh, man. You just got to love it. You know all the sick crazy bad dudes we have out there. It's wonderful. That's why people listen Because we got sick crazy bad dudes. In fact, that's all we basically want to hear from anymore It's a crazy bad dude. That all these people I want to tell us about you know about the war and about the evils in a world I know that you know, but we're gonna do about that Just like Linus today. I want me to play some more a fag song by George Michael about you some anti-war song Let's start playing Buffalo Springfield for what it's worth what do you say? Okay, we'll get our all the old folk music from the 60s Come on, you know, I don't want to come on that CD over here while I was sorting something CD Thunderclatt Newman got to play that really sure In smell it there's something in a year alright Probably most bag or float oh and speaking a mo Because I heard a comment about knickers and if I was there we all got to wear knickers at the golf see the reason that if I was in town I wouldn't be at the golf term as I don't do golf term and smoke golf is boring It's not a sport. It's a game and number two even if a word citing there's no tiger There's no field Nicholson. There's no there's nothing So deraille even though the station is out there and I'm obsessed with trying to squeeze a few bucks out of it this year like always deraille is like a throw away So throw away And Knickers when I would bat her pieces like I said before The fact that knickers were a part of golf you do understand remember you've seen pictures of Ben Hogan and Sammy Sneez The same Steve by the way put it my he put it side saddle Sammy Sneez like a girl side saddle But anyway, yeah, that's when they started the Scottish you invented it with their kills and then it became knickers And they were all dolled up like a bunch of you know, cissified country Rich's snobs and that's of course what they were plaid socks a plaid plaid big plaid socks Oh my god. Oh you got to look the part In fact, I thought it was hysterical a first thing most said to guilty this morning. They go up those check-in pants I thought it was cute This story just frost my ass I guess we better do the break first about the man charged with trespassing with a tea Yeah, then the Albany mall. Yeah, it'll show you how far America's come down to ladder I'll do people still think you're in the land of the free get real man get serious You must be in a dream more land of the free as in the past As in the ancient past as in the B. B. Before bush I'm 13 at five 60 don't let me get all whipped up again today You know I love better be my strength back in tough don't call me the sack noon don't call me I will slam the phone down calls me again yesterday Oh, I mean I just just figured out yourself. Okay Do something instructive and useful for for once in your life make a decision. Oh Oh Make a decision Rumor has it that sometimes muffs it's an old in the tea room and air for hours Trying to figure out because especially if Greg's out of the building not to can't tell much hand a wife with paper plastic Either that or maybe he's drilling glory holes are not sure 913 at 560 W to QM if you're still reluctant about ordering a pet over the phone don't do a cuz I've been doing it George Dunn it Miguel did it over a million people about a mattress over the phone from diala Memphis plus hundreds more are doing it every week. Why because it's the smart thing to do not dumb like Friddle Our good friends at diala mattress ought to be like right on the tip of your tongue cuz we talk about every day I'm the show and nothing's got a bigger impact on your life in the way you feel each and every day They're getting good night sleep. Look at me. I had a great night sleep last night And I don't even have my diala mattress yet. It's coming though Call 1-800-MATT-RES right now. You'll have a great night sleep from diala mattress to take it from me It's the easiest piece of shopping you can do in your life just at one quick phone call gets you exactly the mattress You're looking for they got the best in a business. See me? Service him and clean coil every size and style no substitutions no Beton swish diala mattress is ranked number one in customer satisfaction in the universe They've got more repeat and referral customers than anybody because they know how to treat your right Once you buy a mattress and diala mattress you'll never go back to a show where you get ripped off again And don't forget when you buy your mattress and diala mattress they set up the brand new bedding and take away the crappy old smelly bedding for free That's right no matter how nasty and soil and grow test can unmentioned about the old bedding is They take away the old bedding and stuff your brand new one for free when you do business with diala mattress Make that call right now and drag great night sleep as soon as tonight and for months and years to come 1-800-MATT-RES Tell that fat boy totally the call Gang rape is fun. What's next? Dead babies All of America is tuning in to find out who will be the next American Idol July Van Kanda hard by talentless Taliban creeps based the judges who will be eliminated will be Mohammed Mohammed Mohammed Mohammed Mohammed and The end as near We will destroy The Great Satan When they done An American performer is judged on the spot by an American Idol judge like Simon will no homin I thought your performance was repugnaged repulsive Revolting in other words Filtavenous American Idol We're bombing on stage. Thanks, Anna hold new meaning Oh, Sam a years of fame years of fame you've been my Nozama American Idol where even the winners are losers 19.560 WQA and we are radio ish Tell me ask you why are you facing in the sub boring crap? Well, it's half of what was fact over here. Yeah, but that's not the point. I mean why are you facing me all of these bedtime series? Just so you know we aren't doing that anymore Just so you have it so you can see why I don't know so I can get depressed okay Don't do I need to see anything new about Dick Cheney or about fashes and by this federal government I don't need to see him more. But you're just depressing me now. What is that? Between you and Book of Brighton Carlos. I think Eric is the winner in this contest Eric certainly look a lot better What are you laughing about Gonna all these people just making their own little to just be good little soldiers there okay just go step along Speaking that you have that Latoya car still handy. That is on a car There is very much aware of all the children that were there all the boys have stayed there and she is the one who always said that Michael excuse my expression, but he's a faggot and she would say that damn faggot. I can't stand him Oh no, but last night she changed her tone Latoya and other cheese and not under that evil spell Speaking of evil spells in Voodoo, which will get to momentarily yet Michael Jackson no matter how much we want him to go away He just will not go away he refuses And Rick Facts is and says it was nice to see that Larry King never asked Latoya What time she was had to return Michael's nose back to him? Larry is so lame. Yes, he is He's lame all right Talk about letting somebody off the hook just you know he would pretend that he was following up the question like You read that stuff and you really Monitor read it. I mean, yeah He just let her say whatever else you wanted to send and they put out a bunch of ask-assus Oh Latoya, it's so wonderful to see you and you look so good now you're gonna be performing live and Sweden here And you know those are the only calls I heard were ask-suckin calls Not how not how come you wrote all that crap in the book and now you're changing your tune Because your brother's a child molester and you're changing your tune. I want to talk about that anymore because it's bad for business Anyway, don't can be started on that bitch on a whole thing Man charged with trespassing after refusing to remove pro-peace shirt and mall This story is so freaking what America is all about right now that it's as scary as what it is People ought to be heightened under the goddamn bed is what they ought to be doing because that's the America fucking way right Albany, New York a man was charged with trespassing in a mall after he refused to take off a t-shirt that said peace on earth and give peace a chance Mall security approach Stephen down 61 is 31 year old son Roger on Monday night after they were spotted wearing the t-shirts at the cross gates mall in a suburb of Albany the men's Said the two said they were asked to move the shirts made at a store there or leave them all they refused The guards returned with a polis officer repeated the ultimatum the son took off his t-shirt but the father refused I Said all right then arrest me if you have to down said so that's what they did they put the handcuffs on and took me away Based on what they said they didn't like his freaking t-shirt But what what what are they citing Downs pleaded innocent to the charges Monday night the New York civil liberties union said it would help you with this case if asked Police chief James Murley said his officers were just responding to a complaint by mall security We don't care what they have on our shirts, but they were asked to leave the property and its private property All spokeswoman didn't return calls Tuesday seeking comment money's arrest came less than three months after about 20 peace activists wearing similar t-shirts We're told to leave the mall by security and police that were no rest in that incident. How do you like that? So in other words, it like kids go into school You're gonna get sent home if they're wearing a t-shirt that the teacher decides is a unpopular or provocative or has a message They don't like and now if you go to the shopping mall So I think that everybody in Albany, New York that's what these people ought to be doing is organizing Everybody who wants peace or give peace a chance or doesn't agree or go step in a line. They should just not chop it that mall anymore sounds good to me right Tell them just the old f-use sounds good I mean since one do malls have a dress code because that's excuse at schools. You can't wear anything provocative because of the dress code right You can't have free speeches what if we'll's down to you can't see you can't display anything on your shirt It reminds me of Hollywood beats not that many years ago and they are Mara Guelante the fashist mayor of Hollywood Life is a beach oh no you can't be wearing those And I figure what the other ones were the other slightly more provocative teachers They were wearing on there. Oh you can't have those on Hollywood beach right or the phone police don't forget them We're gonna turn you into a frog, okay? Does if we don't have enough of those already down there Just disgraceful all this bull crap and all the pseudo patriotism and putting the hand over the heart and saluting the flag and one nation under God Yeah, right you're living in a past okay? You got a bunch of fashes now deciding who can say what when they can say it where they can say it where they can express themselves What we can say on a year yadiyadiyadiyadiyadiyadiyadiyadiy Whether or not we can play kind of leaves all of other crap Forget about freedom that's it that's in a past we're taking gigantic leaping not just steps That's indicates like you know one step of the we're taking gigantic bounds you know how like a kangaroo leaves from on spot with a back into the distant past We're freedom was just a fantasy in somebody's mind just a big Newton of somebody's imagination Freedom might big fat freaking ass God Better take this money call hello Hello, yes, sir. Hey my mother had a friend who was curator at that museum and Texas house The school yeah I went to the opening with them and there's a film in there. I guess it was a home video or something These are new to home This is a pruder from is there copy of it? I don't know it was in the they had it in the Anyway, it shows it towards the grass you know and there's right off the smoke coming in the damn trees Oh, there's no question about it and there are people running towards the trees I'm like What's the deal here all the people in the crowd at least most of the ran right to a the grassy no Cause that's where the gunshots came from they did not come from the Texas schoolbook depository Well, if you ever go there check out the film in there and show you can see smoke Okay, I bet it's hardly George's lit up a big fat one up there Yeah, that's what the smoke is short. But first there's time anybody with a brain knows that it was a conspiracy that the Harvey Oswald was a patty just like he said He was set up to take to fall for the assassination of prison Kennedy and for the shooting of the police officer officer Tibitz was that his name? I guess what do you mean you guess you're supposed to be the expert. I'm supposed to be the old seamount fart Officer JD Tibbets I believe was his name I'll never let for it. Huh? I'll take your word for it. He was a patty Oswald. He never shot anybody except of course Jack Ruby and that is another whole story Or was he the way around? I'm certain bad movie too. Yeah Jack Ruby shot him at the Yeah, just a coincidence that they just happened to let Ruby walk in there because it was known to the police They just thought I'm kind of walking and oh, but I'm thing and so now we'll never need to get the real truth from Leia as well And then Jack Ruby and jail and Dorothy kill Gal and Voka Brian will tell you about that one of these days In between they make a lot of bits that we can play on a year Dorothy killed Galen Yeah, no, no, she died real suddenly two very suspicious huh and then next it was John Charles daily and Bennett surf and they all died from Flots my line Except for early in Francis. She just refuses to die. She didn't die did she I think she's still alive Huh? She just refuses to die early in Francis everybody else on that show who it was ever on earth said Super sales knowing Francis the all died. Yeah, what what's my line? Which on Charles daily boy? I was a bad show But it goes to show in the early days of TV no matter what crap they put on we'd watch it you want it a while because that's what was there Yeah, not like now now when you got a choice of 50,000 different channels I was telling George before the show today. I watched yesterday a Spanish language version of Dracula from 1931 with subtitles Dracula it was it was a camp it was a sounds like it would be funny. It was very I'm using your uncle Toma So we'll get to today's pull momentarily when we're good and ready we'll take some more these fantastic calls We're kind of trying to lighten things up a little bit for you instead of getting you mired all of this nervous-nilly crap. You know what are we gonna do about it? Look on our website We got 50,000 oscillating stories on there about the war and about push did this and Bush is gonna do that and ask crops as this in Tom reaches an asshole stuff like that It's all on there But as far as the show is concerned that guy yesterday I said that screamer that called I'm a show yesterday Remember he's gonna be a song to dance about what I should be doing. He was like one step away from that bitch that calls About how difficult it is not difficult at all people want to be entertained. They want some amusement Okay, they don't want to be be at least idle want to be beaten over and with his crap all day. Okay. What are we gonna do about it? It's not a question of if it's a question of when I say March 12. Pick that that's a week from today All right, got to written down got to written down big- I'm a choice in the office pool for the first La Bamba when a Bamba Grande on a bag that or somewhere there already said between the 10th and the 20th Well, I'm being specific now. I'm being very Pacific. All right March 12. What are you saying? 12 sounds good. Oh, we're gonna do an office pool. That's a good idea I have the 14th okay and Carlos was just Friday 17 17 I Be behind and Miguel you can take a pic too since he happens to be writing. Yeah, what's the girl got in the office pool? What date and right amount down right her name is down The trend day. He's voting for the 27th Oh, that's when the trends come on. Yeah. Oh, brother. That's gonna be D-Dail right big-doo wait and see that if we have another one Was real bad friends and if Mold goes up again, we'll have to start sucking his checkered pants Hey, but look on the bright side. Yeah, remember the the previous goal for our ratings went way up because nobody else And so does doing you know Talk that was on W-I-O-D you see right that was an I-O-D that was a news and talk station not a sports station I don't think you many people are gonna be doing any way sports station to find out what's going on in a world On the same station that we're 9-11 took place guilty was in on their babbling That's not that by well, what are we gonna say about it? What are we gonna say let's talk sports come on I know that remember that in Burst Miss sports 928 at 560 WQM and I guarantee a guy size makes a difference trust me take it from somebody who knows According to the Florida Department of Labor computer professionals have big big impressive mushrooming Paychecks That's what we're talking about according to these state of Florida computer careers are among the highest paid and an highest demand And fast rank and up you get a big fat one too and a paycheck as well with their computer career and Dick and training is four short months Pastrans got locations all over town centimeter where you be living There's probably one right by you there in Kendall there in Miami for waterdale and Pembroke pines And it got the evening and we can schedule so no longer do you have any excuse to stay in a crappy minimum wage dead-end job working for some schmuck Call fast train today. Do we have to answer all your questions and tell you how do you get into a real good job call 1 866 fast train That's one 866 fast train. They got full-time job placement guaranteed financing column today or check them out on the web at fast train calm Get yourself a big fat one from fast train and you're gonna smoke it with you one 866 fast train All of America is tuning in to find out who will be the met on American Idol July 1, Kanda Har 5 saladless Taliban creeps face the judges who will be eliminated will be Muhammad Muhammad Muhammad Muhammad Muhammad Muhammad You're not just playing that or my host knitting No, he played it Huh you played it See you see I asking Carlisves like Was across I'm not listening to this crap doctor field. He's the fresh new face of TV talk now his folksy pearls of wisdom Are available on this new compact desk introducing the best self doctor field with great doctor field clothes Like you want to know where the troubles are just follow the peg and Have you fall off the horse don't give back? Shoot the dang thing and buy car But that's not all when you order the best of doctor field You'll get hundreds of pitting and peculiar sayings like these the farmer wouldn't need a tractor if the Ox ran on diesel Plus if you treat your marriage like a turkey ranch you better keep your eye on a giblets If you enjoy getting advice that's both down home and downright confusing get so fast. They'll doctor field I'm Dr. Phil McGraw and before you order think about this if you're sitting on a stool that's too high You ain't never gonna reach the other in making myself clear Operators are standing by anyway. Yeah. That doctor Phil. He's an asshole Ain't no mistake about it. He makes me physically you'll want to see him on the TV Dr. I'll Dr. I'll Anyway, I don't I'm the next break. Let me be sure and play this What's out of wine? Oh, I'm busy. I'm busy watching it snow out there anyway. Oh, it is Wednesday too. Don't forget our big new to one I was just practice for a big comedy, but it's our new to one. Yeah, you play it just snow out there. I'll play it then Facts Let's get started with that right now sounds good to me Here's a call from Del Ray Beach, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How could you have had a list of liberated cities with that included Chicago Toronto Boston or Pahoki? Yeah In battle pop star Michael Jackson was a prosthetic nose and once paid $150,000 Ray voodoo curse Or as Paul said this morning on CNN voodoo If you go curse to kill director Steven Spielberg despite being deep in dead vanity fair magazine reports in that big article now I just want to caution you that the person who wrote the vanity fair articles her name in here Is that the bitch that's been on all the like little interview shows Where does her name she's married to Tim Russell from meet the press okay pasty face the Irish mint him Russell right and And she also wrote the book about Andrew Koonann and I remember when that came out at the time after all that stuff I'm especially in South Florida where nobody cared about because it was a fact thing But anyway, she didn't know what a glory hole was So how could some pitch who doesn't even know what a glory hole is? There'll be right about Michael Jackson and little boys, you know what I'm saying maybe she had a occasion to use one. Yeah, well The fan of the fairness article for its April issue also reports the Jackson bleach is a skin white because he doesn't like being black Surprise the 44 year old singer sometimes refers to black people as spa books the magazine said spa books Which is a combination of what spooks and what Blacks book. I don't know spa books I love it. Yeah, it's got kind of a rindo with spobooks babooks But we know what this thing just keeps saying it over and over again won't have any mini Spoboops baboops babooboobooboobo Oh, you know what that sounds like any. Yeah, no, that's what Boboops baboops baboop baboop yeah This is Eddie's Boboops baboop. Maybe that's what he was saying Anyway, Jackson's manager did not immediately return phone calls and a fast request for comment on the article Jackson's London publicist could not be reached for comment Ben and he fair reports in the article at in 2000 Jackson attended they flew to a ritual in Switzerland where a witch doctor promised that Spielberg music mogul David Jeffon and 23 other people on the entertainers list of enemies would die. What about Tommy, Matolia. Oh, but she was on the list Jackson the letter went a blood bath as part of the ritual and ordered is he wonder what a blood bath as part of the ritual Don't just gloss over that. No, let's go Then ordered is from a business advisor Myeongholee To wire $150,000 to a bank in Molly for a voodoo chief named Baba Yeah, who sacrificed 42 cows for the ceremony the magazine reported How do you like that Baba Dude you think that it was Bobo who we or Bobo can use Baba's public Or maybe Baba booey or Bobo, but the fan of the fair report of the Jackson wears a page boy wig and prosthesis that serves as the tip of his nose Yeah, the magazine interview to source postage action who said that without the device Jackson resembles a mummy with two nostril holes He's got two holes According to the magazine Jackson's extravagant lifestyle and declining record sales will left him $240 million in debt or better gotten by some Michael Jackson records right now to get the king of pop his money back Amazing how that happens when your fingers slip. That was not a cute That's what I was very hoping for but The article which relies in part on court filings and it's up and it all lost it against Jackson by Lisa That's in the mid-1990s the reclusive entertainers relied on a series of multimillion dollar loans to cover his expenses In addition to the lawsuit by Lee Jackson's also in mesh in a 21 million dollar quart battle with German concert promoter Marcel Avram over cancel millennium concerts has been sued by South of his auction house for one point six million and yada He's got source baby, and that's why we need let's play on their last light to suck up with Larry and he sucked up with her and make everything look good And the guys right that said the fact she did have what used to be Michael's nose on her face last night The old nose. He's got the old nose before he just had the two holes in his She said she's got two holes in her post too This is a disgusting article. I bet you're McGillabee very interested in this he's out of there now right. Yeah, right good. He'd get psychotic of he heard this Era fart and cast girl listed among the world's richest rulers Yeah Palestine leader yes or Amafart and Cuban president Fidel Castro have elisted among the world's richest rulers Although they're estimated fortunes pale and comparison to those of established monarchs Forbes magazine which is the list of the richest kings queens and despots and Published it in its latest issue puts era for its holdings at $300 million and cast girls at 110 million other no Oprah No, they're not the publication admitted though that valuing these fortunes is a tricky business It said a calculated cast rose well for examples a percentage of Cuba's gross domestic product The list is led by Saudi alien king if five bin Abdul Aziz who said to be worth 20 billion right He's followed by the southern of Brunei Hij Hassanayab Volkia who's network is estimated at a poultry 11 billion, but that's so much Slipin the Prince of Lichtenstein Hans Adam the tooth was tied in third place with Iraqi president Saddam Hussein The fortunes have east to the east of the Maristimate of $2 billion corned for pikers Slop of the data spill Gates has what this small potatoes is their freaking Saddam Hussein Okay, here's the poll for today and we'll build it Insider the poll what yeah, I want to say this so that the guy can call him and get which he will Negatory Never pull like that punk who you said to facts a couple of days ago. Oh, and don't even get me started on those polls Okay, we won't even get you started Billy or whatever your name is and get your finger out of your boyfriend Back to people are starting to talk or he and wash it off while you're at it, please and the finger too Here's the poll today Brace someone already yesterday, but it's a spin off. I mean if Hans spun it for a little while while can we spin our own A roll our own what's the one place in a world you've been never been to that you want to visit the most now You want to see that I've done this before. I don't think so. I think you did cities before But you're positive You're positive what that you did cities before cities that you want to visit or some variation of this full of crap. All right What's the one place in a world you've never been to that you want to visit most? Now I start with a list of one because I put my own on their Prague right I added one and that is New Zealand So it can be a country a city can be whatever you want New Zealand. Yeah. I don't want to go there for exotic. They got those malaries Every picture that I've seen looks really beautiful there. They're peaceful people. So yeah, if I want to check it out Oh, it's exotic out in the middle and nowhere What about our sky? Yeah that too. I mean there were a lot of places. I thought about it a lot A lot of places that we started. So that's our pool today and we start with only two so at least it wide open The one place and not a list say not a whole but not the 85 places you've never been to that you'd like to see the one place in the world You've never been to that you want to visit most in other words if you would have went up ticket They used to do that on some of the game shows you're on the quiz show's name a place Right, they you'd want to trip to any place in a world and you have to pick one place You can say well I want to go to these 45 places now. We don't think so one there's a quick one You could you could vent about that all day long and they'll still call up in facts lists. That's what you think all right Because you know what they're gonna get if they do that either on the photo on the facts machine Maybe they're gonna get the old DQ which stands for of course the old dairy hairy queen 942 if 560 rounds with the Q 942 Let me tell you about a place you'll love pizza log. I'm sure most of you if you think never but if you have it What are you waiting for two-brower locations and Jeff Cohen continues to be the mastermind of delicious food at teeny tiny prices That's why the rumors go there all the time because the price is right Especially for them every Monday night the office Lasagna night Tuesday's eggplant night by one of these dinners on these nights Get the second-proney five bucks Wednesday your kids eat food with the del second seed Jeff famous magic show like tonight every 30 is black night at both pizza lock locations come on a motorcycle Why put off by one dinner get the second one for half price and of course the dinners are sensational if you want to try a little This little vet get a combination dinner chicken and meal and seafood They got three different kinds of great pizza including that spicy food Gaza pizza They got calzone super subs the best garlic rolls I guarantee you've ever put in your ugly post So if you want like I said delicious Italian goodies and very inexpensive prices take the whole game for lunch dinner late night snacks to eat a brow Location of the pizza lock they're in debut a university drive between Griffin and 595 That's probably where you see the murmur's eat a lot of free meals. That's right in the pizza lock plays a kitty quarter armadillo cafe Behime period I say behind-pair one imports. We're lots of lots of free parking for take out delivery and catering at the a debut location call 954 91688 80 954 91688 80 and now in plantation right out there by me not too far from my home They got a brand new location where the food is just at the same great stuff same low prices and the same friendly excellent service and laid back atmosphere In plantation call 954 3 829 999 3 829 999 That's on a corner of Navajo and sunrise right behind a world famous wall greens It's my every town Have five six oh WQ Hola, hello? Hola, tell me what's over as it is. Oh, who is this to make? No, this is the wife, Davia, profile. I like to speak to Tommy Victoria Tommy, what's over, resident? What's up? What's up? No, no, no, Taliya Taliya, let me talk to the devil Please hold Tommy, Tommy, Tommy What is it? Look at the phone Oh, oh Tommy, with Toliya speaking this is Michael Jackson You lost your job, you lost your job Hey, I didn't lose my job, I stepped down or sure However you want to paint the picture Whatever you have to tell yourself in order to save some sort of face you do it But you will lost your job You know actually it's kind of nice to hear your voice What? Kind of nice to hear anybody's voice Look, you're talking about Yeah, can you hear that? I can't get the thought That's my Mexican wife, let me tell you It was cute from maybe five ten minutes a day But if I got to stay home on her every day, I'm going to go crazy I have to fool You're getting your justice, search Tommy, Victoria, that devil All we do is eat Mexican food Kimi, jungles, burritos, toastinos I got more dance than ex-un And you deserve to have the bloat Listen Michael, I'll reserve for somewhere I'll start another label Sure you would, so you can destroy the career of other budding artists Are we going to Chevy? Yes honey, we're going to Chevy Thank you very much Alright, oh cheese It's not chevys, it's cheee cheese It's not cheee cheese, it's not cheee cheese It's what's that drive in place I don't know what you're talking about I call it to be way too And all I'm getting is dribbler and chimi chenga Mmmmm And minute, I wish to reason you were forced to be fired Right, I know because I'm very, very, very devilish I want to live in a mess I want to live in a mess You're living in America Alright, hey, look, Mikey, I gotta go, okay? I gotta take over the Taco Bell Chevy Okay, Chevy, you want to come with us? No, I don't want to be seen with you You are the devil So at this point I am finding myself having some sympathy for you Oh, you're looking good, you're looking good Alright, alright, alright I gotta go, Mikey, let me tell you something If I were a fart right now, after neighborhood would go up Ah, goodbye Hi, 50 10, it's 10, it's 5, 60, WC, I'm like, that's some bad news Just facts to us what you already saw Cause you sent me to facts, are all in Francis? She died? Oh, no May 13, 2001 She's dead, are all in Francis? That's the bad, and how did she go ahead and do that without us know about it I know Shoulda sent us a memo I must have been on vacation or something That sounds about my vacation time She must have gone ahead and cooked Without us even know what about it, dammit Don't do that again, Arlene I'll take a look at a response to our survey today Boy, it's pretty weak Pretty weak, and we only got till noon, see if we're gonna get to it If we're gonna put this thing together 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 On the AT&T of Rice Marta's farm Another big thing today is Wednesday March 5th Which you know what that means, don't you? Yes, I do Fasting day I made some soup for the occasion Faster, you're gonna go to hell, I'll tell you that I'm sure Hope John Paul the Tooth stepped up his crusade against the looming war And Iraq urging the world's Christians to stay day fast For peace on the same day as his envoy To meet with US President George W The Pope said that day a fastening day would remind people The long years of suffering endured by Iraqi citizens As a result of the international embargo against the country So all you people out there Goi, M, Jews, atheist, agnostic A fast today and honor of the Pope And honor of the Pope This Simon protest, this hungry protest What are you saying? No, I'm not either You gotta pray too though, right? No, I just fast And then the sacrifice 42 cows And put a voodoo, a voodoo curse on a And Paul, a blood bath included Here's Fort Myers, hello I hear you, I hear you, sir How you doing? Are you okay? I'm taking suggestions on places to take a trip I mean, let me read it again What's the one place in the world you've never been to That you want to visit the most? Okay, I got one Can't artica And what do you want to go there for? It's everything that borders not It's clean and pristine Go to lack of old universe And you never need the earth conditioning again Hmm All of America is tuning in They got penguins Oh boy Yes, so did Batman Five six seven, five six Burgess Meredith he died Damn it, she's a Romero he's dead Look at all the people that we used to bring on a Batman Except for Adam and they're getting pretty old too From what I think we were yesterday Milton Burrow Right, Louis Lailoc he's dead Penguin You know, now what about Frank Gorshin? He was the little light Is he still alive? Yes he is Thank God we still got some living criminal from Batman Thank goodness he shows up on those reunion shows every now and again He must be what about 96 Yeah, I think drunk I mean, uh, the good guy Here's Carl Springs, hello Hey, buddy, how are you? Okay How about the other way to see an open air He's the pyramid's Egypt Pyramids in Egypt Yes, I always thought that would be interesting to see Okay So that's what I meant That's my question Okay, thank you, pyramid's in Egypt Yeah, I guess Well, he's going to write pyramids and pray He could go see the caves on a small bill All right Let me know what it was this small or large Don't forget your disk Battery Pete last night We had a rerun on smallville It's only the first week in March and I'll read their show and reruns It's a race and absolute disgrace What TV does to us They come up with maybe like a half of us in New episodes free to the shows Or maybe if we're lucky and the rest of it they just fill our stuff They just throw it in there and you'll shut up and like it Right, just just to kill time they throw crap in there Like all of a man I go Yeah, like that 560 560 This is not starting off real exciting here today You know what? Hmm What I would as Antarctica like with it Went on asking to be clever We're asking like a real I realize that it's not funny It's not amusing It's not hysterical It's not a panic But it is interesting And I realized that also we're dealing with a lot of very pericule people For a place that's as transit as South Florida And a place that's got as many people who've come from other places They sure have a lot of like nobody goes anywhere You know right People that haven't been more than two blocks from home Like George Here's at least recently Here's Miami Hello Miami, yes sir Hey, how you doing? Okay For your polling, I got a pot of authority How about Alaska? You see all your people taking the last concruites Folks be gorgeous up there And that's the one place in a world you'd want to go If you had a champion, unlimited amount of money You could get a ticket to anywhere you wanted That's the one place you'd go Yeah, so I think it's pretty pretty decent looking place One quick question for you Neil How come you're always talking about Tom welling and Tom welling the feet I've been listening for a long time time you always seem to bring up that subject. How come I'm always talking about Tom Wallingon's feet? Yeah. Did I bring that up today or did you bring it up today? You brought up Tom Wallingon yesterday right before the end of the show you brought them up there. Seems every time you bring him up you talk about the guys feet. He's got big feet. Yeah, for what? Size 14. So what? Piece of information you don't care about Tom Wallingon's feet? Not really. Well I do. I hope you have a good time in Alaska. Like that line in the movie I had a lousy time in Yugoslavia. Remember Jack Lemmon what that was in there that movie Massapil? Very good. Charles Durning was the priest the father. And I had a lousy time in Yugoslavia and he like slans that our walks out. I was going, he was great boy Jack Lemmon. Yes. Dead. Charles Durning and now he's still alive. Please tell me he's still alive. I probably not. No, you know. I don't think so. He's fat. The last fat living person who's not a talk person on QA. Got to be. Five six seven. I said it so far this poll is going no place fast. So you know, I mean, he's at a worse selection than he's got enough. I've come here always talking about Tom Wallingon his feet. Because I feel like it okay. Maybe it like to lick his feet or lick something okay. I got a stupid question. Everybody knows why. Right. Because if you have big feet supposedly you got a big penis. Okay. I like Tom Walling. He's lovely. He's beautiful. Okay. I'm glad. What a schmuck. But he wants to go to Alaska. I think I think with your personality and your common sense it'd be a perfect place for okay. Somewhere in a wilderness. Somewhere you can only get five boat. What's the one place in a world you've never been to? You want to visit most Prague and New Zealand are the choices for me and George. And he would age it from the goddess as you want to go see the pyramids. And that's it. And a half an hour. We're building one hell of a list man. And we only got till noon. That's good. Because you know what we're going to do from noon and till one? Yeah, I do. Oh, the America. That over and over and over again. I'm going to put it on endless loop. So we're not putting Alaska down. I'm not putting anything down for that pun. Once it all about how come I'm talking about Tom Walling and his goddamn feet. Jesus, are you really that stupid sir? Can anybody really be that dumb? Huh? Man. He wouldn't know a bag if he bit him on his nut. 957 at 560 W to QM. The only horse racing farmer's done she went to world is going to take place this Friday. They after tomorrow, March 7 at Pompano Park. It's called Hot to Try. Speaking of Tom Walling, are you talking about pyrotechnically? A straight and stunt man Vincent's elder son. By the way, do you see the first lawsuits are being caught? A straight and stunt man Vincent Sylvester when his Wonder Horse hand me silver will amaze you as Vincent stands on the shaft of his Aussie race by called the Reigns in his teeth. 15,000 cannell par marine flares in his hands. And while hand me silver races around the dark track, he shoots off more than 2,000 rounds of fireworks from the back of his race bike. And the grand finale is as exciting as Macy's July 4th display. So it says here, and if Steve will says it, it might be true. General parking in the mission is always free at Pompano Park. That is true. The farmer's showtime is 9pm this Friday along with exciting harness racing action. Starting at 7pm, there will be free miniature horse rides, free face painting, and clowns for the kids in live music too. I want to see if that rich ever gets his face painted. When that peke you. Oh. Located at a black sale that landed full of art on Power Live Road, Pompano Park is easy to get to from both I-95 and the turnpike for more information called 9-72-2000. And don't forget the big Friday, I have to try to horse racing a fireworks stunt show. This Friday night at Pompano Park live racing. Let's see, now I don't actually have the mark schedule here, so I'm assuming it's Monday, Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday, Pompano Park. Yeah, and of course come out to a Pompano this Saturday, March 15, and one of the vacation trip for two to treasure cave resort Marina and avocado Bahamas, and the final casting every day, seven days a week from noon till late, uh, week of hours of the morning at Pompano Park. We are sports video 5c4, you a.m. Fudge back in. We're the tall day long night eating don'ts and stuff in my face with a chuck out of it. No one to be tasted go to the right to my waist, my bills, I just can't be the last. When night at a free boat goes down my door, there's been things that we took until I see the numbers on the scale. No one can replace those donuts by the case. I sit at home, stop my face, morning, twinkies, and attacks on the tomons. Yeah, I'm fixed out like me, baby, I was born to lunch. Oh, yeah, I was born to lunch. Yeah, I was born to lunch, I was born to lunch. Oh, you're so fast. It's fasting Wednesday, do what the Pope tells you, okay, don't touch that thing and that's set of and so on. And no, just taste the noodles, don't touch it. What's the one place in a world you've never been to that you want to visit the most? Prague, New Zealand and Egypt, so far that's it. Maybe that'll be the whole list, I don't know what else you want in, and it's a good choice, I think. Who did Miguel? And he said, Ibiza. Ibiza? D. Did he say Ibiza? We'll list. You'll have the people there speak with her. And Ibiza's supposed to be pretty hot place, that's what I hear. So we're putting Ibiza on the list, that's a good place. How come all good conditions are coming from inside the building? And the audience is usually a bunch of losers, man. I'm going to go to Alaska and Arctic, the TV in New York, boy, what about your losers? Oh, and anyway, talking about my psychic powers? Yeah. So I was thinking about doing Napoleon, because I screwed it up last year when we did a did really bad job. I was in a SAR mood that day somebody ate my cornflake, peed in my, uh, somebody's. But anyway, the thing about the most beautiful actress, all right, and I was thinking of myself, we could do this one and just say movies or television actress, right. And I'm thinking, well, that'll eliminate Brittany because she's not an actress. I'm channel surfing yesterday on this movie, over the movie. And there's some cheesy movie that she made last year, right? Do you know what the name of that is? I don't know. I don't know. But whatever I love was, and it was, you know, and I watched this for like 15 seconds to make sure it was her, which it was. Yeah, probably you were watching a lot longer. I'm sure, but I was more interested in finding out about Tom Welling's feet, but nevertheless. So I guess if we ever do do do do do do do that, it'll have to, she'll have to be in there. Although she's not an actress, just because she was in a movie. Oh, man. Is she an actress? No, she's not a singer. I bigger part of neither's Madonna, just because you made a movie that doesn't make you an actress. Right. That's correct. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. It's just like some people have done this show, just because they've done this show doesn't make them a top show host. Right. Here's the call from Pompano, hello. No wonder the reading is dropping. Yeah, no wonder. There we is again. Mr. Negative, the ratings are dropping. Right. We're doing a poll again because Mr. Negative, we wouldn't want to let you down pal. We will, I'm disappointed you. Have something to bitch about. Use sour miserable piece of crap. You can, I could spell it all the way up here. Here's the call from Pembroke Park, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. My place in the world would be Hong Kong. Okay. Only because I was so fascinated from the book by James Clavelle. I just got so fascinated with it. I'd really like to go and see it. Okay. And also, how's your bench doing, alright? My bench? Yeah. Oh, you're the guy that made the bench. Yeah, it's a beautiful thing. Thanks again. Alright. Thank you very much. That's a guy that made me that real nice bench in my bedroom that a beautiful piece of furniture. With the lid on it and the whole thing and you open up, I've got, in fact, any whoever was it. Send me all those, um, uh, light bulbs, remember that? Right. The light bulbs are all inside the bench. Watchin' the box. Light bulbs. 560, 560, pound 560. It's a great place to hide your stash out to it. Maybe I ought to build you one. Okay. Because when things get really tough when we all get canned, when Booker Brimes another bad mistake. Straighten his ass out when you're placing tumblers, Quippings, such a wise ass, him and Carlos and Eric. We got all these out of controlled people connected with his show. And all the crap always comes back to, you know, you're truly on the one that has to take the flag and a heat Roberta. I know, it's getting really old. But I saw that story on that website this morning that I knew. I, I fact, is you saw it yourself because you given the stuff. I fact him 45,000 bedtime stories between yesterday and today. Because there's a lot of really important crap going on in the world. A lot of really good articles and stuff that people who care about it really should get to read and know, without having to search 5,000 websites. And he's taking his own crap on there. It's not his own crap. He thought you wanted it on there. What do you think handed it to me? Who handed it to you? You didn't get it from me? No, no, I'm looking at George. George gave you that story. I came up with the fact machine was part of the stack. I didn't read all of this. You'll see, the audience isn't putting stuff in there. Like stories that the audience wants that our website. That's not the way it works. Oh. Don't believe a word he says. Then come off my stack. Maniac. Here's West Palm Beach, hello. Hey, hey, how are you doing? Okay. My place in the world would be in the palm. Go ahead. Let me have it. Nepal and why is that? Yeah, I've been to New Zealand. I've been to Prague and places like that. And just after why you kind of run out of places to go in. And the palm's beautiful. Got the palm? How do you know what's beautiful if you haven't been there? I've got some pictures. Yeah. You have Vancouver's beautiful too. I haven't been there. Yeah. I have a good one. Young Joe. Okay. Thanks. Nepal and Nepal and Nepal. Have a good one. Have you? People that like alternatives like really exotic hidden away. Not cluttered with tourists. You know that kind of. Hmm. Prague, New Zealand, Egypt, Ibiza, Hong Kong and Nepal. We're starting to build slowly here on this list. Which is good. And that's again because we're not asking for the 5,500 places you'd like to visit. You know, like, oh, just sweet water. Places you've never been. West Miami, immacly. Immacly. I've been to there. Yeah. A lot of Indians and Panthers. Pohoki. Luts. Okotobi. Right. Temple terrace. Fort Watt. Queer water. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, the Brandon. Oh, Brand. Barstow. Don't eat them. Don't eat them. Nothing. Okay. Don't be. Because the pub's gonna help put a voodoo curse on if you don't watch it. A voodoo curse. Immacly, Jackson will get like, fill a, they'll do something with a cow. Does not your wife have a blood bathing suit? The Pope for the blood bath. Don't start again now. Blood bathing suit for the blood bath. That's kind of cute. We're gonna have a blood bath in a round. It's gonna be big. It's gonna be fast. We're gonna hit him. They're not gonna know what hit him. And a public is saying, oh yeah. Well, at this point, all you can say is let's just hope for the best. You know, so but don't go too bad. Brace yourself. Yeah. It's coming with you. Like it or not. You know what I'm saying, sweetheart? Gorge Gorge. It's coming with you ready for it or not. 560, 560, pound 560 on the, oh, let's see. So the deal is now that they're gonna see if they have the nine votes in the you went to pass the resolution. The second resolution. And if they don't, they'll just avoid the vote. Which is the void rush of the investment having to veto it. And then the abrits in the US. They'll just go in and then everybody else will just kind of like pile on. You know. Yeah. They'll pile on somewhere. Don't drive inside the pile on. You'll get to squalified. Here's plantation. What does that say? Well plantation key. I'm sorry. Hello. Yes, sir. Victoria Falls. Victoria Falls in Alaska. No. In Africa. Oh. The Nile. Yeah. I'm what is it about Victoria Falls that he has you don't see. I said the amount of water going over the lip. Yeah. Yeah. The investor and brother and lower there and listen to them. It sounds like a pretty pretty. You could see that at the Velazio and Vegas. And that like this. Okay. I got you downstairs. Thank you. But this is a strange list where I'm going to be at the end. I'm a bit sure. Of course, when it's our audience in respect to strange list. Let's see. Here's big Arnie says. I would like most to go to Amsterdam but Huckin. I get there without my wife knowing. Cute. Take her along. And then dump her ass in one of the canals. I'll never find her. We put the dance good M on there because some people will vote for that. There are afraid to say it. I'm going to go to Amsterdam. You want to go there. Right. Back there again. You'd rather go there than New Zealand. Well. I don't know what the situation is in New Zealand. Let me say it again. You'd rather go to Amsterdam than New Zealand. I don't want to say it. I understand. We get it. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. The one place in the road you've never been to that you want to visit the most. How about Arlene Francis's tombstone. Huh? Maybe Boca Brian and I could go there. I'd like to shove him under there. He can spend some time with us. Here's plantation. Hello. Yes sir. Yes. No boar in Australia. Okay. You can speak English. You can drink a pausers. And you can watch those maniacs. Play that Australian rules football. That referee that throws his hand up in the air. Yeah. Are you sure any S snack? Always wanted to see one of those games. Okay. I'll have a great time. All right. Thanks. Melbourne Australia. This list is, uh, you can do see me. In fact, I might have to fast today. Not because of the pope, just as I'm losing my appetite. I mean, I put down Prague. Which I've got from what I'm hearing is a very exciting. And a very wide open and wild place. And, right. Amsterdam looked like a Sunday picnic is what I'm told. It was the capital of Bohemia. Right. Exactly. And then you put down the Zeland because you wanted to be you know boring to match your voice Egypt, Ibiza now Miguel came up with a go-in Ibiza He'd probably do pretty well or any beta With everybody you're just going to play a beautiful light naturally you want to go to cities Oh, look, look, let's face it this business about beautiful and natural we can put down Vancouver You know, I've seen a picture is it's beautiful it's serenic, but and then what you know how about like Tahoe See, I want to get away from people Lake Tahoe would be a great place. They're kayaking and they're canoeing and they're like It's a phenomenal place. I'm not talking about the casino. I'm not talking about this city itself I'm talking about the lake have a lot of people heard of Lake Tahoe Sure, yeah, then it disqualifies I want to go to places off the beaten path I Hate to break the news you for a lot of people have heard of New Zealand Oh, yeah, but it's far far away inconvenient for most people and so is Lake Tahoe Far away Here's steward hello Steward yeah, hello, yes, I got a great place via it Emily talk island the weather is absolutely amazing It's a small at all and the specifics it's been there when I was a kid If you've been there then it's see what I'm saying they don't freaking get it Told you I listen I understand everywhere that I say okay, I speak very clearly very articulately Believe me like that and then these people just don't get it. I don't understand how it's possible to have so many stupid people in one state Where the more was that oh, he's from steward. Well, I explains it. It means can't advance to it all where fire Maybe he's been messing around with Dan Stewart. He's been there so as he said he's been there I mean first of all whatever he said some little thinking pleasure in the Pacific He's already been there. Let me say it again the last time. Let me read read my lips. What be the last time? What's the one place in the world you've never been to that you want to visit the most? Not the not the need is place not the most interesting place you have been to Okay The one place you've never been to that you want to visit the most is somebody gave you a ticket and said you can go to any one city Anyone place in a world and we'll pay all the expenses And why do they make everything so goddamn difficult you want to know why because the rassels God 10 13 At five sixty w du q a m let me take the right now on you dog lovers to bark about bark Avenue per resort in Hollywood Bark Avenue per resort is the only on actual pet resort in America a beautiful 10,000 square foot facility that offers boarding grooming and daycare for your dogs Whether just for the day and daycare's open seven and a morning till seven p.m. overnight or for several months You'd toggle and joy the comforts of luxury with oversized tiled sweets with animal print beds Pilthard smell free air cleaner than most of your homes. I'm sure purified water for drinking bathing and washing Bark Avenue topnotes groomers taught in French escoff or expert cuts on all breeds and they use only pure chemical free soaps in champ who's to really pamper your pets At bark Avenue dogs aren't cooped up all day like in most places and your dog socialize according to their size in large Plarias on soft agility mat flooring and your dogs are always in the presence of a counselor while they're playing Bark Avenue also offers feline boarding in their kitty condos area hammocks included To want to take a look for yourself just log on to barkev pet resort dot com that's ba rk a v e bark Appet resort dot com and take a virtual tour that allows you to look at on your pet anytime if you have your dog or cat or whatever boarded there Bark Avenue per resort are located at 14 average out federal highway column at nine five four nine two five bark Or log on to like I said bark app at resort dot com bark Avenue pet resort the vacations spot that your pet will fall in love with How Erin's coming on Ashley Lesbine once in a lifetime a man comes along whose life story is so meaningful It can only be captured in poetic song Jerry It's Jerry Springer the opera where high art meets the lowest common denominator The opera from pageantry wonder and Sweary there's something I must tell you I'm cheating on you with your step mother Jerry Springer the opera the stage spectacle that ain't over to the fat lady gets hit over the head with a folding chair Terry The world's sleazy as talk show host is in the house Opera house Jerry Springer the opera All right 1965 60 WQ and we got the mad dog at one from a derailed today We're golf intensive baby. We got our knickers on and our kills Hank is also the winning show three to seven a derail which is very sad Shipco pants in previous seven a path is in a Colorado avalanche from America rain a 730 night Jigsies still doing a games even though guilty wants a job real bad and And then we got what is this? What? OIC UM at Virginia whoops seven to 10 must be on waxy although it doesn't say that on my thing here But it should I go on no clearance you can't even make the schedule out right Any can't after the hockey game and you are Mark overnight. That's a schedule on QM where we are radio ish By the way something and the reason that I'm telling about time welling size 14 feet is you want to know why? You're gay no, no, it's that's not the point if I just like Warren Bayley Warren Bayley is supposed to have the biggest long and Hollywood I don't find him the least bit attractive I did seem in some movie when he was very young and didn't look too bad But nevertheless, but it's just because we know that say we know that and the same with time welling is got size 14 feet Because it was in the article about him so we know that that's why anyway by the way what? Speaking of radio ish yeah, I got my bonus and it ain't do for two more weeks I'm out impressed That's the first I think I'm out impressed I'll be impressed that I thought I thought they paid normal can't the money that they've been since so for months And I'll be impressed I'll be impressed when I find out that the rest of those billboards are up all around time. They're supposed to be up since it's now the fifth of March And they were supposed to be up by 15th of February And then certainly by the first of March and now it's March five and Muff is gonna give me a list of all the locations And about yeah, they're all talk there. They're all talk They're bush league is what they are they are radio ish like I said And when I start working for Pete Bullgerman and you're gonna see when I go to one can hate people and classical music Then you're gonna see some real action and Jackson outside of that Now here's a good one for a list from Gil. Thank you Gil. Here's a guy that understands he says fishing is hot Babes are even hotter in Costa Rica and I'd like to get place for listen. It's on there now And we can start putting the list up there just in case because I don't want to leave that other thing I don't want to see key west over 6,000 votes. Why are you? He likes it like 10 minutes ago Good get with that Eric. I mean let's go And then anything that's a Carlos sends you to be a very dubious of it because he's starting to do the his own stuff on there Gonna make a ride Huh? You're gonna make him cry good. He deserves to cry after putting that piece of crap on there Of all the articles and the history that Nick Christoff has ever written it's the one that I'd be too embarrassed Kaving in all these board again fanatical going because that's the one thing to me. He doesn't want to talk about It makes me think again at that just even true appearance on hardball on softballs with Chris Matthews a few months ago I mean it's just unbelievable and he says you know he's asking a moel You really feel bad about those comments you made about religion. He said why should I say that all the stuff that's going on in the world right now It's because of religious fanaticism and intolerance and Chris Matthews looks at him and says oh you really think so you really think so Oh In other words, do you really want to say that even though we all know even a little child knows that that's true You really want to say that because you just can't say that in America You just can't express that kind of truth Because it flies in a face because it's a glacier belt is what he really wanted to say like my grandma used to say it's a glacier belt Right don't you forget it. Yeah, and a Pope wall. Let's you forget it don't you forget it I'm gonna be eating heavy duty. They just a piss off the freaking Pope and all those men in skirts that are running around over there with her swish guard All those bag is 567.0560 pound 560 on the AT&T line here's Tamarack hello Hello Neo how are you? Great I would like to go to India Okay It's a great country that's a lot of things that's people just think of India's baby you know for and this and that but I buy the New York Times on Sunday and they have this sophisticated travel for the year Such and one of the places that they played up is India and it's a beautiful country It adds the mountains that has a lot of things and I really like to go there. Okay, be sure and take some those clips And have a great time What do you mean by that I just you just hear those things. I don't know if it's true or not. I just hear those stories I've seen what's that one bit about the oh, that's right. That's on the Bob and Tom thing So I don't have that oh the new one here. Yeah, that new Bob and Tom disc it's in my house and a black sack from balance for life Along with that Bob wolf thing too. What's the name of it? There's a new Bob and Tom disc in here. No, there is Maybe you love to didn't hear double disc set. Oh, yeah Well, let's queue it up for the next break. Remember to try on first disc the one about Nobody's speaking with sure. I love that. I'll find it you have to be Schmidt me. I left it That's the good news. We don't have to wait till April to hear that bit again. I love that bit Of course you all like it because you and Carlos because it's all that spit yeah, I don't speak English Fight now five set you just mumble it five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 t and Verizon wireless line Eric is gonna get the new pull up here. Of course. This is one of those pulls that I don't know how that's gonna really work when you come right down with you know What do you mean? Well, I mean it's not like Another one everybody's got a different opinion. No. It's not a question of that It's a question of I guess we need to get a lot of different places on air before everybody will find one that they We do want to go to do you see what I'm saying? I think we got to find list so far Well, okay, what's the one place in the world? You've never been to that you want to visit most and so far We got Prague New Zealand Egypt Ibiza Hong Kong Nepal as in Nepali Should we list Ibiza as Ibiza Spain? No, what do you think that you know something if they don't know where it beats it is It's yours. How got no business going there good pert that's like saying oh should we list Amsterdam is in Holland or like from the Netherlands or Victoria Falls Amsterdam, Melbourne, Costa Rica or India I don't think you liked that when I said better take some notebooks. Yeah, well, it's it was just having a little fun with it It's beautiful all the pictures I've seen but Lock the Indians and that's how when I was necessarily talking about okay, you weren't yeah Here's Lake Worth hello Hey, now I doing pretty good good. Hey. I'm a green go first off and I want to go and see Cuba and what's got all these Julios that enough for about that place yeah I have no idea what's got him so so Frentyed up about it so I'd like to go and see what was so great about it Well, wait a minute to see what was so great about it. That would be like going to ruins of I'm a machine yeah, I'll pompare something I mean you're not gonna see what was so great about it because what was so great is not there anymore pretty for the eight Greatest place in the world so I'd like to Okay, how about the time either there? How about the eighth street? What I'd like to help them go try Southwest eighth street flag was street Lots cheaper to go there and then you can turn around and leave real quick He wants to go to Cuba well no problem. Just come up here to Canada hop on a plane and planes They were all the time no problem is at all. I'll take up the collection Why are you doing that now? See your pick and on the guy because he says you people oh Here's a place that I hear is really great. Yep, of course. It's not only great, but You know what they you know who really goes there? What bag it's a lot of gay people Meekinos. It's one of the stunning Greek islands that says here in your right meekinos Okay, I guess we have to put comma grease. Oh, because that's one Huh? Right it's one of the Greek islands meekinos that is where all the bags go and at least most of them. I never been here grease it's self though the country agrees. Don't go there Do not go to Athens in fact the no steps you were gonna give the guy who's gonna go to India forget about that if you're going to Greece to Athens We'll give you the nose clips Never been there, but I hear nothing but terrible horrible things about how filthy and how it smells there and just a nasty and I know I'd never remember that when they were talking after 9 11 about the airports around the world how dangerous some of them are Athens airport is one of the even before 9 11 one of the notorious nasty ones So don't go to Athens unless of course you're really heavy into Greek and I guess if you are heavy into Greek, maybe you want to go to meekinos Maybe or maybe over to Carlos's house not this Carlos were talking about freaky Carlos I think he just probably is house maybe Carlos will join you under the overpass 10 27 at 5 60 w q a m ha if your hair is gone, baby if it's vanished into the wind We place it with a real head of hair from Chuck Alphiari Nothing makes me angry then we'll see you guys especially guys with a lot of money like sand downlson who looks silly Aaron Brown on CNN. Well, what a silly goat, you know He looks even worse than mow if that's possible And there's another one mow he's probably made a couple of bucks along away all these jobs He's been fired from over the years But he walks around looking like a clown just looking at Q a and website And look at it nasty awful thing looks like he died on his head if your hair is gone join a club I'm not talking about the hair club for men I'm talking about the club of guys who have lost their hair with male pattern bald as happens almost every guy And for over 25 years Chuck Alphiari has been the one guy no matter how much money you have or don't have Who can make you look great with that natural hairline system? It looks like they're here to run out of your scalp not like a bunch of straw not like a dead animal on your head Not holes in your head that have the blood dripping down your forehead Charlie is the only natural great looking way to go So call today be sure mention that the arraggers told you make that call take advantage of an extra 200 I was saving from mentioning my name call toll free and get your hair back and look better any younger Then you ever dreamed you could do again 1-800-321-2413 and of course you get Charlie's 30-day guarantee you got not to lose but the balls butt Because if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells if you're not getting laid at least 4-5 times a day Charlie give you a full refund 1-800-321-2413 or log under their website at Charles alphiari.com I've never had one I swear Buy a four hour home 1500 I accepted my In this week you're at also gonna deal with it What's in your nose? It has a deep, spills, my fingers. There you go. There you go. I'll give it a way out. I'll put one in your trunk. Check out that finger that's gone. No, no, no. It could be, but it's fine. So, okay, to me. It's funny, and you know why. Because I'm a sick and disgusting guy. You scrub all your little furs around. Okay, if I hit this way, how do they make you? You furs, furs. I think I... Like I said, bring the nose clip. 1033, it's 560WQM, our big noon to 1 hour. We already got a request, we're happened to Bible. To see that, right? From Andy and Miami, who says, and you know something to show you my sicky powers again. I'm not making this up. I'm looking at the list, which is now on there, which has got a long way to go. And I see New Zealand's got five and Melbourne Australia's five. They all want to go down, down there. Yeah. Amsterdam, forward, etc. And I'm thinking to myself, I know all places we talk about yesterday. And that's Las Vegas, because a lot of people out there who we talking about are all the time. We've been there. I reach over, I pull off the thing from the fast machine. And here's Andy's facts, and it says, Las Vegas. Since I know you've been there many times, but I haven't. I psychic powers are so damn good at putting them as clear out of Venice. You should start a different kind of show. Yeah, psychic, hotline, right? What do you think? We can do it on the sci-fi channel. You could do crossing over. So what do we got? We did, we put Las Vegas on here, because I'm sure that we have many people out there. In fact, that's what amazes me, people will call and say, Oh, I heard you talk about it many times, and I went and was really great in the audio. Which is very boring, but nevertheless I'm glad they enjoyed it. And we will put that on here, and we will play rapid bivalent, thank you, Andy. Also, here's one from a calo, who says, how about you, Pan? I'd love to see how things are over there. Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. Also, Ireland, I hear that it is beautiful. I guess we'll put down your pan, huh? All right, from a calo, see. Well, I mean, I said one, I keep emphasizing that one, not like one of the 20 places you'd like to see, or even two or three. Calo, don't take it personal, look at this. How about one? Four of them. Four or five? Yeah. What are they 30 or 40 places? About 30, man. One of the 30 places you'd like to visit haven't been to yet. Oh, speaking of requests, don't forget to have Lads request for Afroman. Oh, yeah. Making the list. Crazy, round. Yeah. Making the list. And checking it twice. Got it. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. Palm, five, sixty. So far, Melbourne, Australia. And, of course, the reason we had to put the Australia on there is obvious, because some of our people are rocket science. As we would have thought through, they would have thought we were talking about Melbourne flooring. What do you like about it? Oh, it's true. That's true. That's true. It's funny, because it's true. Like Moscow. We would have to put Moscow Russia, not Moscow Idaho. Yeah. And like Amsterdam would have to put like Amsterdam. And the Netherlands are Holland as opposed to like Amsterdam, New York. Things like that, because a lot of our people in case you have a notice, nobody here's are... No, no, no, no, no. I hadn't noticed that. Just a little bit on the flow-fied, like that kid with his time-welling speed. Got it. I think that kid's in a time-welling myself, don't you? That's why he's so tall. Here's Miami, hello. Hello, Nick. Yes, sir. How about the Galapagos island? How about him? Yeah, they got all the exotic animals there. You want to see exotic animals? How about a trick of brown would be good? How about sunrise lakes? Okay. You guys see that was his material? We're going to put that down or not? I don't know. Darwin was impressed. Was he really? Yeah, well, that's why he's saying that, because they got all those like two cans and things like that. Things like that? Finches. Do they have fintures? Yeah, they do. Different kinds. They have different kinds of beaks. How about Peter? Peter probably does. Peter, Peter, Phil, and Peter's over there. 560, 560. Spig at a town-welling. 560 on the AT&T in Verizon. I mean, it's just amazing. It's just, I don't know. It's like you're out, it's like driving in South Florida. It's the same thing. You're going along a little bit more in the speed limit. You're on a highway this speed limit's 55. You're going about 63, whatever. And the people around you're going like 20, you know? That's how I feel some days on his show. Yeah. I mean, they're talking about a little bit slow, okay? At least you're not out of touch. Yeah, where are we to go? And how come he puts Woody Graber weight on the list? Don't you realize that Woody's some day might get you some free tickets to something Mr. Day, you might want to see? You put him way down in there, like some schlepper, like some regular collar. Sorry about that Woody Carlos isn't idiot. Well, Carlos, they're acting real fairly toward me lately. I don't know what it is. Has it gotten into his head? Yeah, I'm free. I'll have to get him, yeah. I can try to get him later, that's the treasure island the last time. But, you know, they're catching good to take to that. Yeah, he needs Woody's help for that. No comment. Anywhere, I guess, I guess Miguel just wasn't in the mood, huh? Yeah. Yeah. Anyway, I heard you talking about places, you know, places that I have never been that I'd like to go to. And to me, I don't know if anybody mentioned it, but floor and ciddly, for instance. Oh, but it's a good choice, Woody. Oh, god, I would die to go there. I mean, I'd love to go there. I've never been to Italy. I just, I'm going to tell you some of the most beautiful people I've ever seen in my life. And of course, all the great art and the beautiful, the Arno Rauhara. For instance, it's a good choice, actually. I've been here several times. Oh, I definitely want to go. I'm on the next plane. God. Just watch out on the Ponta Vecchio. It's a tourist trap. They got all the overpriced jewelry and all the little. Right. Good job, sir. All right. I have a place. But, yeah, definitely. Definitely. But, uh, that's it. I've said all I need to say. I think you have. All right. Good Carlos, free. Good Carlos, I'm free tickets to something. I'll get him laid one or the other. I will certainly try my best. Thanks, Woody. I can't arrive. Give him some free tickets to like Amsterdam would be good. Maybe I can stay at Algvolt's place. You can get laid over there. George will pay for it. Lawrence Italy, get that on there immediately. If not sooner, we got that on there. Because I'm just assuming you're putting these on. Yes, no idea. No, but Australia's got 15 votes. Why would that be? 16 on 9. And New Zealand's got 9. I guess they like I said. They want to go down under. That's our crowd. They want to go down. And then for them, got 7 to prove that. We're starting to get there slowly, but surely. I don't think they get it. But more content. We'll just continue persevering. Okay. And kill some good time until noon. That's the way we do it here on the show. Another poll. I don't know. Oh, that guy just decays me. Just, Just, I think it's probably people who's boyfriend. If he asks me, sounds a little like him. It's been all the same. 20 to 11 at 5, 60 WQM. How many times did you hear about a big opportunity? And you didn't act. You didn't reach out and just grab it. And then all of a sudden it was gone. You missed out. Well, now's one of those times for you. It rarely doesn't opportunity interrupt you, but this one should. 3.45% financing with financial group called 1-800-940-Lend. How long will these low interest rates last? Who are they? Well, when you look back on history, probably not for a long. It's a window of opportunity. So you got a hop through it with financial group. And get yourself 3.45% financing and save thousands and thousands of dollars. Let me say it again. 3.45% financing. Call them today. They'll explain all the answer. I'd request for your obligation. Call 1-800-940-Lend-800-940-L-E-N-D. Level 3.45% financing due to those monthly payments. You're as here a couple examples for us. You can figure it out. If you have a $200,000 loan, you pay only $900,000. If you have a $100,000 loan, you pay only $150,000. They don't wake it. You're balls rolling and do it now while the opportunity is hot. Call financial group toll-free. 1-800-940-Lend- there are an equal housing lender. Quitter restrictions do apply. And rates are subject to change without notice. 5.34 APR. 5.5. And low. This is 4.2560. You're as-hole. You're as-hole. 4.5. Oh, Mike. 5.5. My-go-off-roats. My-go-roats. On the setting of-roats. My-go-roats. My-go-roats. My-go-roats. My-go-roats. My-go-roats. Oh, Mike. No. Not here. Thank you. You're welcome. 10.35. Wow. Remember how she used to play those over and over over again like one after another after an Am I? Yeah. The goddess that's before she became a serious talk show host and started saving a world from itself. That's right. He's starting on that network. Chief Justice is daughter resigning government post. This-see, they should tell people everything they need to know about how corrupt the US government is. They don't confuse them with the facts because they're busy saluting a flag and mumbling a bunch of words, you know, one-three-on-a-cutry under a god-neal god-de-all-acrap. Janet Rangquist. daughter of US Chief Justice Wiggen Rangquist was appointed by tricky dick by the way. He's stepping down as Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services in the face of allegations of professional misconduct. Several sources told CNN yesterday. She was appointed to the post by President Bush and took office in August of 2001 as Inspector General Rangquist supervised approximately 1600 employees and acts as the internal watchdog for the HHS Department. Is that interesting, by the way? Well, anyway, she's been under investigation by the Senate Finance Committee and the General Accounting Office for official misconduct including allegations she improperly delayed and audited of the Florida State Pension System. She has consistently denied any wrongdoing. In addition, she was being investigated by the President's Council on Integrity and Efficiency, a special group of overseas inspectors general for allegedly having a handgun in her office. This is the daughter of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court. Isn't that interesting? Nah. Isn't also interesting that the son of colon power of the Secretary of State also just happens to be the Chairman of the FCNC. And they're holding hearings now because he wants to ease the champion of furthering deregulation in radio and TV. And so they're beginning those hearings now. And he's pulling the strings to try to get it so like two or three companies can all the newspapers, all the radio stations, all the TV stations that set up and so on, and probably one of them will be Fox and the other will be Chief Channel. And that'll be it. Oh, and speaking of assholes, there's Bill Mar. Oh, to the broadcast, now back to cable. And if you think about it, I think. Oh, my God. If it isn't him, it's some asshole from the Heritage Foundation. That's all they have on now anymore. I'm going to start watching the Sunday Funnies even on Wednesday. Now do you think this Melbourne Australia thing is for real? Is that our crank photo of the day? Uh, I think it's crank vote. What's the one place in the world that you've never been to, that you want to visit the most? Melbourne Australia, 20, which were dubious New Zealand 11, Costa Rica 9, Amsterdam 8, Vegas 7, Viva Las Vegas. Let's have another Bob Lincoln Vegas trip. Come on. Prague 6, Florence Italy 4, Farenza, Ibita 3, Hong Kong 3, Egypt 3, Japan 1, Victoria Falls 1, other 76 votes. We're not going to get a gigantic photo of votes on this because they just don't know if choices yet. We have that 80 million choices to see if you wouldn't put in hard to go on there, then they'd have something to vote for. Or Alaska, right? I'll visit Alaska with Tom Welling and with feet like that, he can probably carry me there. A cranky water. He can fly and float. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. Oh, he actually wasn't flying in it ever so last week. He was more like floating, right? In the middle of it. When he was checking out the writing on the key there, he was kind of like floating in mid air. Tom Welling floats. Kind of like Alien. Here's Miami. Hello. Here's the call from Bokeh. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Good morning. When is that? I've been in a lot of places in the world. One place that's my son, funny, but I'd like to go to Randgun. Randgun? Yeah. A good friend of mine went there and he said it. It's kind of like an old British colonial place and they treat you really like a hunky there. Huh? Treat you really good. Like a hunky. Yeah. Like a white folk. Kind of like in certain parts of Broward. Yeah. Like in Davy. No, no, no, no. You said they treat you really good. They're really friendly people. I see. Well that's what I like friendly people. I have a great time at town. One question. Yeah. I'm going to listen to you for a while and it seems like W2AM is got a lot of overhead. Like a lot of management of top. Mm-hmm. You're talking about the people who fly. We'll low onto the radar. That's right. Yeah. Keep hearing all these names all the time. But they're not even going on the air. They're all these guys. I don't know what they do there. Exactly. And you know something either way. You know what? I'll tell you one thing that they do twice a month. And that's a chance to pay check. They pay your check, right? No, they cash your paycheck twice a month. Yeah. That's good. Okay. Have a great time. Probably. Sounds like a postcard from Rangoon. Yeah. There's a guy that's pretty sharp. He understands that we got a lot of, uh, a lot of heavy. That's right. Great top heavy organization man. We got 75th. And of course you want to know why. Because when you're a goofball like Regrid when you know nothing, you have to have a lot of buffers. Remember that line when you're talking about. He's a good guy. Oh yeah. We had a lot of buffers. The family had a lot of buffers. And that's what Regrid asked. A lot of buffers to insulate him from his own stupidity. That's what he asked to have. You know, paper pushers. People would actually have some idea of what a microphone looks like and how you turn it on. Things like that. There are. Oh yeah. Muff knows how to turn one on. And a microphone too. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We got clearance. We got Muff. We got Ray Perry. John Girus. We got Maddie Bell. We got the water. Not see. We got Gary Sarner. It's Greg and his pals. It's a little fraternity man. And everybody you talk to. Oh, I am Greg for 14 years. Yeah. Still treats me like crap. But I've been with Greg for 14 years. I've been with Greg for 20 years. Yeah. Pretty sad. Very, very sad. But when we go to work for. Yeah. Compty channel. We go to work on the coast. Jefferson pilot. Yeah. For Dennis Collins, my good close personal friend. Some light. No. Be good. Let's bring back to two lines. What do you say? Oh. Here's a call from Fort Latter Day. I'm on the one. Look at that. That's my luck. There's one line. It's not lit. And I punched it. Fort Latter Day. Hello. Yes sir. I've got a wife. I've never been there. Here are a lot of that. It's great man. It's a little crowded on the. On a wahoo. But it's beautiful. Okay. It's on there. Thank you. Hawaii. We're not going to put like on a lulu. Just Hawaii. Go to like the. Go to Maui. Say, wow. I don't care what anybody says. All I have been here in a long time because it is too overcrowded. But a wahoo and on a lulu and it is beautiful. The beaches. The beaches. Wow. And it. Beautiful blue water. It's warmer than the Atlantic. Number one. It's warmer. Number two. It is clean. It's crystal clear. It's a baby whale in the water. No. Yeah. Baby whale. Huh. And then later that day. It was a story. I'm going to use the boxing. He was great. What was his name? He's got to be dead by now. Let's kiter. No. Well, no. Hank would know who that is. But he's trying to mo would know that. Of course, we don't want to talk to him. But they wouldn't know who less kiter was. He used to be a great boxing announcer in other sports cast. And he went out there. It's been in years ago. And it was a sportscaster. More to a whole hallowlulu station. If I'm sure he's dead by now. He'd have to be 200. Less kiter. In fact, his famous call on Ingabarjo Hansen Flood Patterson fight. But you remember that? No. Well, you would. You would have heard it. You'd say, oh, yeah. That's less kiter. That's the Ingabarian Flood Patterson fight. Maybe one. You just, you just so narrow away. I've got a branch out of the world. You've got to branch out a little bit. Find out more. Same thing. Like golf and nickers. There you go. That's going to be our pull quite. So what do you rather have? Nickers or Snickers? Especially those big king-sized Snickers? They all come in king-sized now. I hear they're coming out with candy bars as big as your leg. Yeah. That's good. Not that people are getting fat from sugar. Do you see that story head on our wall? The other way? Right. Oh no, the manufacturers, the candy people are saying, Oh no, there's absolutely no evidence that sugar makes you fat. That's right. No way. No. Of course not. It's quite 670560. On the earlier Melbourne Australia is definitely the crank boat today. 28 boats. You know something keeps them off the street. And there's not even the city that Joe Gerston went to. No. New Zealand 15. Then he got to watch Australia. I thought he went to New Zealand. He went to Sydney. Oh, that's not about that. New Zealand 15 answered M12. Of course to be content. Las Vegas 9 and Prague 9. But ends up lower than at least six. What a beautiful place. What a spectacular place. See, we have done pulls into past and we've asked people where are the most beautiful people in the world. You know, like what country? But why are we talking to these people about that? Because most have never been more than ten blocks from how they're house anyway. You don't understand? Right. I mean, we've got some people or world travelers far more so than me. But we also have, I think, about 85 90% of the people there. If they go like from day to brought with it, he gets like a major journey. And adventure. Not exactly the greatest world travelers in South Florida. So what they know. To me, the most beautiful people in the world are in, I don't know. You keep saying Germany. Oh, wow. See, I could say a whole bunch of places. See, they're you're fueling that attitude. And you keep saying that. They're going to think that's what I'm doing. That master race concept that they worked. It worked. Seriously, the people in Berlin and Kologne, as it only two German cities ever been to. But boy, those hookers in Berlin. My god, I took into wintertime with a fur coat on. The hoax he had. You wouldn't be the leave. How beautiful they are. I mean, just amazing. And a woman too. Seriously. A Kologne Germany. In the summertime, you sit there on at the hoax. That's up, which is like, like the Lincoln Road Mall. It's a long walking mall with these all these upscale shops. And of course, in the summertime, people are very scantily clad and place like that. Guys, walking around with their shirts on. Six walking around with their bikinis on. We're close to it. Very scantily clad. And you just sit there. It doesn't place as waiting to sit on the bench. And, you know, in your tongue, you're down to your toenails. And then, of course, you look down. You realize your feet aren't nearly as big as Tom Well. Now, can you tell me what just happened to my phone? I don't know. Because all the dots, all they check marks and the dots. Just went away. Everything's fine here. On that end? Yeah. How can this be, okay? It must be a conspiracy. I do have one checkmark though. Oh, I said, think came up again. One moment. Ah, damn it. No, just a minute. I'll come back. There we go. I pressed it. And nothing happened. Here's the lady involved. Or hello. Oh, I won't go. Yes, man. Oh, I missed you so much. I just found your website recently. Thank goodness. It's so great to have you up here when I'm not down there. Uh-huh. Anyhow. I took marks. Just came back. The phone's working. I go hamster. Okay. Valencia? Yeah. Is there any of those good oranges? I don't know if they have oranges there, but they have really nice looking men. An beautiful view of the Mediterranean and you can go lots of places from Valencia that are nearby that are just gorgeous. Mm-hmm. I was in Madrid. And even though it's kind of an old and not all any impressive city in many ways, there are a lot of beautiful people there too. Yeah. And you can even go to the Prado. Yeah. And see Edgar Prado. Well, have a great day, sweetheart. How's the weather in Baltimore? Uh, it's not so bad today. It's in the 50s, but it's great and ugly. And that's why a lot of people up here, they celebrate about going to South Beach. And I love it, some. Okay. Not me. I got two inches of snow on a ground in Toronto. It'll ever make 30 today. And I'm very happy. I have no problem with it. There you go. Have a great day, sweetheart. You're too on for me. I'll see you in Valencia with those arroggies. Or, what do they have the blood oranges of you ever had those? A seed them? I think that's in how southern Italy is where those are from. Oh, man. Is that good? You ever had the orange you've made from blood oranges? Is that Spain where they have that big orange fight every year where they pummel each other with oranges? Or is that Italy? I don't know. Spain is where they do the boulschmitt rate every year. Pum, a pamphloma. Where they go to be trampled by the bull. People are suicidal. It's a fun way to do it. 1057 at 560WQM. If you want your carpets looking brand new instead of like somebody just had a boulschmitt or bullfight on your carpeting. Call my good buddies to drag concepts. They're the best in the world. Even my picky relatives used drag concepts. Everybody I know that's got any kind of a brain. Even something to learn how much. They use these folks because they do the best job in the world. Why would you want to use anybody else? And they don't rip you off either. Before they start cleaning your carpets or whatever you hired them to do, they give you a written guaranteed price before they start to job. But any bad surprises when they get done. It's matter of fact when they do get done. Are you giving a check and they hand you a nice rose. Just one solitary rose and everybody walks away with a big smile on their post. You'll be smiling because your carpets will look just like brand new. All their technicians are schooled and certified by the Institute of Inspiration Cleaner Restoration. And they believe you're carpeting soar free. Vibrant and color, smelling how many fresh off of the touch and looking just like brand new. No matter how hopeless they look right now. So please don't forget when it's time to clean your carpeting. Your pulsed rate, your expensive area, your wives, your leather furniture. It's time for our good friends at dry concepts. If you have a problem with pet orders or milledew orders caused by water damage, give her to that smell immediately without sooner. Dry concepts like magical make it go away. Call them toll free. Talk to the real professionals at dry concepts. 1-800-248-5071. 1-800-248-5071. Check them out on the web if you like it. Dry concepts.com. Dry concepts clean today entertained and I not just an advertising slogan. It's their business. My life and love. This is 42560. 1-800-25071.