Damn, why I'll have you now? I got the damn sins in you! I'll see you in the next one. Send them in. You'll see you now. Thanks. Get over it. Godfather, what do you know? What do you say? No, my most recalcitrients friends. What can I do feel on the day of my father's abortion? I'm here to the man that you grant me a favor. I want to sink in a head on the arrest! What have I done to be treated with such disrespent? Oh Godfather, but the end of my rope. Every day they got me raped, and it used in my name and vain. And just making fun of my veins. I shouldn't have read to you a week or so. You can act like a rat. I'm a fool of a pack, you know who I am? You're an angel, does that respect? For his a ticket to the agent. For his a ticket to the agent. For his a ticket to the agent. I already live in paradise. You don't talk to a man like me. I don't want you to take care of my friend, Mr. Mow over here. Sure, pop. Okay, take your pants off, fella. Let me show you a good time. Could you hand off me a big dummy? Hey, dumb. I've done your stupidity. Yeah, but not like they say. Give me a hand here where you look at the frame. I'm honestly free. You're the pal and the smell's a keeper, why I'm dead? Huh? Can you hear me? She got up and tanked her, chenco plunge. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Like I said, nice years, Jay. 903 at 5. 60WQM happy Thursday. What a beautiful day, man. All I heard most in was ringing in sheets down there. It was? That's what he said. We left for work to, of course. He lives like in the atmosphere. Wait, guys, they're in bulk with all the other old people. And by the way, this business is about 50s. Mo, who now is he kidnapped anybody? Oh, give me a break. Maybe he's talking about 20 years ago. What he was going to say is 50s. I heard that line this morning. I just about hit the floor. For menace response on the podium today, who would be the happiest of Neil Croft? The bad news is for those people that I'm feeling like about 98%. All I've fawking this all are cutting this in my head is gone. Look at 160 votes. How do you like that, George? Oh! Till the happiest of Neil Croft died. Went for that long dirt nap. And Mo, how a David at Wins' hands down your pants. With dance on Neil's grave, it says here, 645-56.6%. For 50, 5.6% for whatever it is, a lot. George, you're second, because he thinks he'd get the show 16.8%. Dennis DeCronix, who called Mo this morning by the way, and nothing to say, other than the fact I usually call him to rip Neil Rogers. So why don't you have anything to say? Uh-huh. Yeah, we know that asshole even Mo knew that. What a, that's just time to fame, who calls the Mo Howard show to rip Neil Rogers. Wow, that's here for Dennis. Ah! Ascle would no life. Positive case. Dennis DeCronix, professional Catholic homophobic 111 votes. Very strong third. By showing Dennis, they hate you like poison. Reverend D. James Kennedy was the late entry. He has 78 finished a very strong fourth. You see that? Yeah. Pass some of the others like you were standing like you were in the prone position. Greg Reed, a real evil dure, if there ever was 152. The man who turned that big egg in a humpty dumpy. Fox News had her that bitch 41. Gildy just out of spite, 18. Eric no more long polls, 16. And John Gibson, a Fox News, I told you we shouldn't put him on. It only three small potatoes. Did I beg you don't put him on there? Yeah, I know, but I never listen. I know. What though do you have to do with it? It was Carlos that put him on there, I think. What did you put him on there for John Gibson? They we even know who that led is. Some goofy guy with glasses that keeps bouncing around from armna, like Heathrow, but another goofy guy with glasses. Pound singer wine from one talking head network to another one, but John Gibson's finally right one, okay? We'll go on the right end of your TV doll. This story is speaking to that just frost my fat ass big time. Anti-boached t-shirt band at Michigan School. I think we could probably use a few sound effects in the back of this one. Dearborn Michigan. School officials heard of a 60-year-old student who he had to take off in t-shirt and blazing with awards international terrorists in picture president Bush, or go home saying they're worried it would inflame passions at a school where majority of the students are Arab American. The student, Bretton Barber, chose to go home. So while you kids out there, if you wanted to get off from school, go to school at a t-shirt on it says international terrorists in a president picture on there. He said he wore the shirt Monday to express his anti-war position, and for a class assignment which he wrote a compare contrast essay on Bush and Iraqi president, God M. Sodom who's saying. School spokesman Dave Mustonon said students have the right to feed of expression, but educators are sensitive to tensions caused by the conflict with Iraq, and other excuse for censorship in America. This one more excuse. There's sensitive to, was there a fight over it? No. Anybody a bitch in scream about it? No. Not that we know of. It was felt that emotions are running very high. The president said, Dearborn is the center of an Arab American viny of about 300,000 Southeastern Michigan, about 55% of the district's 17,600 students are Arab American, and you know what I think? Probably most of them agreed with a t-shirt, right? So what's the problem? Was there a problem? No. No. It was a problem that they don't want to give you a let you express yourself. We've had a song that says express yourself, but that's a little song, and it used to be a back when we had a few freedoms left. That was BB before Bush? What a pilot, what a pilot crock is somebody I know would say? There are more wants to dance on my grave, says the audience. How do you like that? Even yesterday, I didn't remember. I mentioned that the show, his show sounded a little bit better, not a lot, but a little bit better. Since Ding Dong School was going on, they're holding his hand every morning, and they come up with some cockamamea appalled every day, and they're like, we do. Only more can try. Like the thing this morning about, the 10 things that what the hell was that? The little silly weed Carlos. Yeah, must be asking you. Anyway, it was a pretty weak. And not one person called in to show yesterday to say, you know what, you're right. The alleged show is sounding a little bit better. We're actually listening now. Not one. Do you remember any cuss that's called? No. Maybe this is the call right now from Pompa, and I wanted to say that Mo Shows shows a little bit better. Pompa, no. Yes, good morning. The show is a whole lot better. So we're listening all morning long, and the show is a whole lot better. But you know, a tough and clear and still credit for that. Well, anyway, I did that. That's what we were called about, right? Well, actually what I wanted to say was I was surfing last night, and I caught, got blood so she's getting real old, but still little fight to your woman. Helen Thomas was on Phil Daniel. Yeah. And she was talking about, Helen Thomas was on, I must have been toward the end, because he spent the whole rest of the show talking about Lacey Peterson, that nobody cares about. Yeah, no. So I was towards the end, but she was talking about Bush and now he's the worst, and somebody said something that they shouldn't when she said that. And she had as like step back a little and say, oh well, he has room for improvement, but she gave the best analogy of him whatsoever. He's like Captain A had going after the white whale, and it's been this way since he first thought it in the presidency. And there was just one other thing that I was holding on all the way for this week. I was holding it, and it was the Daily Mail Sunday from London. Yeah. And they were talking about the rallies and the margin. So there's a few. Here's what the guy wrote for about Bush. There was no hatred, just universal contempt, for someone who is perceived to be an inartic killer cowboy with delusions of competence, a toddler holding a hand grenade. What was it? That's exactly what it is. And you know, it's just like, I don't know, I'm just ready to go to hell on the hand basket and me while I listen to you so well. I'm ready to go to Canada. Okay. Okay. See you at the border, okay. Oh, that's right. I already did go to Canada. Here's our poll question today before we talk about Poor Johnny Paycheck. There's a guy that we can all respect and spread of all his drugs and booze and smoking, and there should be a message for you, Carl Oost, and everybody else I know who smokes. I'm going to become a militant anti-smoker. And by the way, this business that asshole on CNN, what else is named Jack whatever his name is, that Kromarchen had got on there in the morning, whatever the hell is named. He's going on this morning about these people who are suing McDonald's, there's a new suit about the content's being really good, McDonald's. And I agree with him, but how come it is that they make a big stink about that, but when it comes to cigarettes, oh, it's okay for it to be legal to be sold. And I don't understand that. I don't understand that they wore these multi-billion ridiculous 100 billion trillion or billion dollar lawsuit. These awards, as if people don't care, we the guy that morning on a package, as if nobody knows that number one, a container's addictive, number two, that smoking cigarettes is going to kill you and cause emphysema and lung cancer, and all these things. Same with the food, I don't see any difference at all, maybe the food tastes better, but that's not the point. So it's ludicrous for them to be suing McDonald's and all these other peddlers of crap that are killing people, but it's okay. I'm the only one I guess who sees that it's crazy, it's okay to be suing the tobacco companies. It's crazy. I see. Paula Crab. What I want most of the New York Times show is this is our poll today, and I think everyone is required to vote on this poll, aren't they? It's mandatory. This isn't one of those that you can vote on if you feel like it, if you find the time, this is mandatory today, and by the way, a lot of great bedtime stories on our website today, NewRodges.com, some more which I'm actually going to get into, and then we'll get back to Poor Johnny Paycheck. He's dead. Can you believe that? Yeah. Empecima and what was the other thing? Asma. Right. Yes. Of course, he also did a lot of drugs and a lot of booze and stuff like that. He was a real hard-drinking boot, looking, whatever he was. Well, I want most of the NewRodges show is Near Ripping the Ansel Collars, entertainment and a few laughs. A few laughs and a few bedtime stories. Nears liberal and anti-religion rantings. Mostly pulls with a long list of choices, or I'll listen regardless I'm a groupie. I'll put that one on there for Lynn. See what I'm saying? Yeah. What I want most of the NewRodges show is Near Ripping the Ansel Collars, entertainment and a few laughs. A few laughs and a few bedtime stories. Nears liberal and anti-religion rantings. Mostly pulls with long list of choices, or I'll listen regardless. I'm a groupie. What are you chuckling about that? Mostly pulls. Well, what do you mean what's wrong with that? They don't like it. I know they like it. Look at Monday and Tuesday, Mr. I know. Put on your thinking cap if it's quite far. That far since it already is Thursday. And think back to Monday and Tuesday and the unbelievable response and I've told it. We're ringing off the hook. There's no denying it. They were smoke and man. What's your favorite black and white movie? A song title. What's your favorite theme song from a technical or movie with Eastman color? You know, it's like that. That's right. The fedora? No, I'll make that one at Book of Brian. Where's when he comes in? Right. By the way, speaking of Book of Brian, no good yet Book of Brian. I don't want you to feel bad. I've seen nothing so far in my box. It'll be my box. I get all my HCN stuff. No problem. ACN. No sweat. Right here in all mailbox. Book of Brian. Good little bit of a problem. 1913 at five and a course of it doesn't show up. A real big problem. 1913 at five sixty wq and speak in the van. If you ever been presented with an opportunity. When you should have, coulda or what had done something. We had just made a bad mistake. You didn't do it. Well, there's an incredible fany name mortgage rate waiting for you out there. 3.45% and this rates have been able by calling financial group toll free. 1 800 9453 63. This rates available by just making that one easy call. If you would have compared a 7% rate with 3.45% you'd save yourself 30,500 bucks in the first year long for $300,000 that you owe, $100,000 cost you only $447. This is an opportunity that won't last. It's a 40 year low. So if you've been thinking about refinancing or purchasing a home, this is what you ought to do. Call for an entry group toll free and ask away the answer or your questions with the obligation. 1 800 9453 63. The process is simple and the call is free. 1 800 940 L-E-N-D. Financial group has been an equal housing lender to the farmers just like you with this fany may program. Credit restrictions do apply and rates are some of you change if you wait too long. 5.34 APR. Call for an entry group today, 1 800 940 L-E-N-D. My life and love all this is 43566. 2 8. 2 8. Now to manage I am a pussy. 3 3 4 $31 Not for less than 60 days trans�� 10 day 42 100 10 day 32 70 ?? Do you know what's going on? 20? What are all people less than 50? 20 to 70 DF 23 5 8 9 27 I really like your f*** you. So bad. But you said I would be really like your f*** you. Alright, really like your f*** you. You have a thing about your cannibalism. Do you bitch? I'm a bitch. You want a touch? Three ways, sir. You're really going to be a bitch. You're going to be a bitch. You're going to be a bitch. Don't listen to me. You're going to be a bitch. You're going to be a bitch. I'll bet it tastes like bubble gum. See, you next time you need a story. Since it takes us in bubble, you make you come. Aren't you serious? We really like to f*** you. I'm going to be a bitch. Don't you say that. We really like to f*** you. My 9th age. She did pretty well on that boy yesterday. You know, considering she's small potatoes, she had what? 52 votes, something like that. 41, whatever it helps you did. Head. Beautiful day, man. Like I started to say before I interrupted myself. Sonny is going to be all the way up to 40 today, boy. Oh, man. It is just gorgeous. You know what? Looks like when you just sit inside the window looking out. Sure, do. Looks like one of those days in Vegas. You know what? Blue, blue sky. Yeah, that's when we got now a big blue sky. And it's going to be smaller in man. 40 today. Maybe 41 tomorrow. Colon missed sparks Pennsylvania airport pro. Wait until you see the first votes on a poll today. Very revealing. In fact, maybe we ought to stop it right now. A Saudi Arabian traveler set the city's anti-terrorism machine in a full year when he sprayed three airport guards with colon while trying to demonstrate the liquid wasn't dangerous. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Is a great story. I love it. The security screeners were rushed to Methodist hospital after being spritzed Wednesday as the student passed through a checkpoint and pulpit off the international airport. Onshore, whether they had a biological attack on their hands hospital officials or today full quarantine. Ambulence is inbound to the emergency when we're diverted to other hospitals. Patients in staff who had contact with the guards were quarantined for nearly three hours. We didn't know what the substance was at hospital spokesman, man, Myers. FBI spokeswoman Linda Vizzi said the 22 year old student was with home by authorities was detained in question and released hours later after chemical tests confirmed that the vapors were harmless. He was here legally. All his papers were in order. His flag plans were in order. There was a lot of a lie was violated. He was released. He said. But he missed his flight to Europe. That. Initially even the screeners themselves didn't consider the incident were through reporting Vizzi said. But they had second thoughts about the sweet smelling spray and call police. Flight's warrant disrupted. Nobody was evacuated from the terminal center. Port Spotsman. Mark Peshie. I like that sound fishy to me. We have a call from Indianapolis, I don't believe it. Hello. You know we can really have a stroke? Yes, I can't believe it. Why not that's terrible. Must buy second one the first one is a lot worse. This was a little one. Yeah, I mean I thought you just had you or you had to flue or something. Yeah. What are we gonna do if something happens to you? I don't know. Looks like you already beat me to the punch you. Everybody moved out of town. Yeah, but no. What have I ever do to you? I mean, I mean, we got to push Nate. Oh, it's that idiot again. What did I ever do to you guy? Everybody now we have everybody that calls the show has got a name. You know, we got the crazy guy. The what did I ever do to you guy? Oh, what is he doing for me? I have no idea. Probably trying to get me have another stroke. Look at that poll so far. Maybe this is frifty, frifty interesting. This is the kind of poll where we learn a little bit of something. Not too much. We got 39 votes on there already. What I want most of them in the near Rogers show is I'll listen regardless I'm a groupie 15 a few laughs and a few bedtime stories seven Neal's liberal and antivaligious rantings seven entertainment and a few laughs six Neal ripping the asshole colors four and mostly polls with long list of choices. Oh, none None How many and Tuesday we had those movie polls with long list of choices right tremendous response on the phone couldn't buy open line Couldn't buy an open line you could get you for love money or whatever or a crispy cream donuts And look at look at right now is that a call out board sing to them saying because we had a list that's all I can respond to We get this asshole to what I ever do to you guy that just calls Faining concern about my stroke which would be my worst problem by the way. It was a little tiny one not fun I found out that my heart I got a good squeeze. I got a good heart. That's what talk your bush said. I got a good heart He's the only bush that'll tell you that You know, we're Hank needs to see badly. He needs to see Dr. Hamft Dr. Kendall Hamft my great aunt lady That really told me what they'll happen with me But he won't do it. I would I would even give the information up But I know he won't go there because Hank's got a bad strip throw to something like that He's got a strip the taco infection something like that in the consoles of his strip the cock and you know who I blame Because I heard him yesterday to be in the show I came in here especially three o'clock I missed the first few seconds of passion just like it here the hopper and see if he sounded any better Did he sound any better? No sounded awful like death on wheels Like death on two fat legs So you know who I blame clearance Clarence and stuff that's who I blame because I said them off before to show this morning King and for as usual 30 second yucky up the session and I said how come he's still working? Oh, I don't know like that. I walked out I Mean you can't put somebody on here especially when your vocal cords are your stock and trade You see what I'm saying it's like taking away a violin and a straighter various You don't do that when you're in the the business when you're in a radio business and Muff should know this with his morphello Was voice your vocal cords that's your stock and trade that's your thing Right, would be like taking away the harmonica from jury and you're red Who? From the harmonic cats long before your time. What I guess from Stevie Wonder is that more like it sure? You just can't mess with somebody's a stock and trade to be like taking away Victor Burgas piano Things like that and this man's got a break and barely squeak out a few words the thing you do is you call a guy And say hey today's there's they take a couple of days off Take your medication Whatever and rest up your throat don't talk to anybody on this connect a phone and just rest your vocal cords until Monday. That's what I would do But no not these great rub it just like me Just like me I have a stroke I come into work the next day. I did I tell you what I was on a year Right I was slurring and I was like incoherent all of these things did anybody come in say gee really I'd go home. Oh No, first not they don't give a flying crap. They put on a good act. They do Like I said they didn't even put on a good act. Okay. They didn't even do that you're right now that I think about it Great sticks is heading to do it there on now Wednesday whatever the hell the day was Yeah, is he okay What is a fingers crossed behind his back like he's fainting concern, you know What else he can he's he's part of the reason I was in a hospital in the first place. He's a big part of it You know what especially is In fact he's a lot like Clark Kent you want him to why why? Cuz they only two people I know strong enough to throw everybody under the bus That's especially thrown people under the bus Just to avoid taking a heat himself screws everything up Dittles around makes all kinds of problems and then looks for scope goats to throw under the bus I go and Greg and by the way pain norm is money. Will you you jackass? You silly person you You Ojama Provacator funny Let me see that get my message across probably not probably not so they don't give a crap about people But send the hopper home don't let him destroy his throat cuz I've had your one thing You know what you have a sore throat or a raw throat like from strip Kyoto or just a sore throat The more you talk you the worse you make it. Oh, yeah You're injuring your tender vocal cords humbo and I'm just telling you I don't want to keep going on because you know he's in denial anyway about the fat part So what's the point? I just give up as far as he's concerned Came in yesterday and gave you a big son dance about how he's got strip throw Well believe you may one of the reasons you got strip throw does the diabetes, which is a immune system Deficiency it's a disease of the immune system most people are realized that take it from me and all die a Betcxpert and number two the fat also makes you like a susceptible all of these things on top of that So you take a fat diabetic which is most of us then you really got tourists I'm just I'm just you know offering my opinion because I care about the guy, but you know nobody pays any attention to me What's that old meal the only a half a idiot card? Yeah real funny guy who is real funny in a hospital with a gown on that be funny 927 at five 60 WQAM He wasn't allowed by the way in my ward he was too old. He was Nigeriatric Wardmo He went for his bag transplant The big lizard hit the northeast is weak in all the presidents. They sales were snowed out because of the storm Dottom actresses redirected major shipments of silly service Simmons Kingcourt mattresses to Florida and through this Sunday You can get even more savings than usual in ordinary call 1 800 mA TTRES right now and you'll save like never be full rhymes with default Two Sunday only down on mattresses having a president's day of lizards sale offering an additional 10% off They're already low every day rock bottom prices Dottom actress doesn't usually have sales but due to the blizzard they're having one right now as I speak time is short If you put it up and putting off by that new mattress don't wait another minute don't wait another millisecond call 1 800 mA Right now and of course you'll have 30 days to try it out in your home with the best company change policy anywhere in the world If you do need no exchange you can do so any time within that 30-day company change period No hassles no problems at all and when you buy a mattress and dollar mattress They'll come to your house set up the brand new bedding and take away the crappy old bedding for free. That's correct Dottom actress sets up the new and takes away the old bedding for free So make the call now 1 800 mA for dollar mattress and drag great night sleep It's Dottom actress's huge Blizzard sale but be sure and call before this Sunday to take advantage of these Unbeleivable prices 1 800 mA TTRES That's 1 800 mA for dollar mattress the answer for a perfect night sleep This is shit and all but now we've got this color the tell us when it's ready to be These are the kind of person believes that we got hit once the next one will be once again But I guess you must be dumb when you say the business is dumb Really needs to be refined Don't you greet me in so light and orange means up tight when you say what if I'm gonna fly On the air said where the shreds we've been Baby I'm not sure about you Guess you are where the shreds we've been You need to get a clue When it's red it's a big threat And the alert too I'm pretty wanted 560 WQM and I'm taking speed on the Josephicaki the reason I played that Yeah He's like yesterday so the hopper comes in and see I know how he feels I can relate to it exactly I had no business being there last Monday none zero But when you're working as business and especially for a bunch of grave robbers like we work for You're really reluctant to call in sick because right away the thing at A high at least you're an op or he's not coming in because we haven't paid his agent yet or some you know They got such cost some kind of cock a maybe thing in a back of their mind even though you're bleeding that's right under doorstep You know right So you're really reluctant not to Come in we even no matter how sick you might be so I know how the hopper's feeling like crap Don't do it hang calling sick and then of course any finds that they broke clearance in a beast on on what they was it Tuesday right? I guess I'm Tuesday afternoon because he was only on about an hour I want to have some like that and they put them on it. How would you feel would you want to be on her? I'd rather hear the gag Any day the week even as coma inducing as he is then clearance in the beast with all the respect of them Do you follow what I'm saying no no Seriously my clearance in the beast are as like band high school radio I mean when to gackies not just like bad per you know commercial radio But good golly Miss Molly let's stop putting all these children on ear muff and clearance let's stop. Oh, that's right Clarence is one of them Put a bunch of pucky little kids on here. It does it sounds like junior high school radio like a bunch of kids with a with a Crystal centenary basement Oh my My it's hard to have a basement Florida. What you forgetting something what's that sports? Oh sports know that that's the point who knows more about sports Joseph Gackie or the beast and Clarence huh? Oh my oh my in fact, I could put you know something they don't even have to pay the gackie to fill in for hang All they have to do for four hours is play that oh my oh my you have 50 sheer easy You know people all over town. You hear QAM what's going on here today? Oh my oh my in fact just to prove the point I think we're gonna do it today. What do you say? Oh my oh my why should we let the Humper steal a good idea, right? That'll loop you know I Yeah, looped he loops He was exciting it's just the way your present minutes what makes a interesting old Joe He's just all these years. He's never from presented in his most flattering light That's a lot more saving than what I'm here most of the time like in a morning. Oh now he's really I'm over long mo, you know Is he? We'd like to see him move along right out the door down to Hershey highway and most of your audience agrees Anyway, it's too late by the way Clarence and two late to salvage that turkey What I want most of the new Rogers show is we got 91 votes already that's like in about 15 minutes I told you everybody needed to vote today and they're they're coming through you see this they may not come through on a phone because most St people don't call punctures like I've always told you Look at the guy from anyapolis for a second there. He really had a stuff like we had a real collar What have I done to you? Yeah, whatever. Whatever. Wherever he is and whatever he is beside the mist fit and no matter what Calling from Indianapolis to do that. Yes. I know that understand but that's the point And you know who I think that is I think that's the New York guy right don't you the Boo you The New New England guy yeah, and you're an asshole is who you are whether you're that guy Now you're just an asshole is what you are you're an idiot Can't you have a conversation without a good concluding what did I ever what what does that mean didn't I talk to him? Didn't I listen to his spew to him there about my stroke and his a faint Concern you asshole yeah very good. I like the way he says that you asshole in fact wait a minute. I got an idea. Let's see how this works Back to back Four hours of this today just give it a shot Don't jump any conclusions you asshole Let's try it Let's give it a shot. What do you say huh at least for a segment? Mo and Joe at least for 20 minutes today No joke. We're in to do it all day. I'll put it our mojo back Here's a call from I any hello Hey, New York the morning. Have we gone? Yes, sir. Good morning to you Listen, you know, I use for listening to you in the morning I mean I told you in the morning and then in the afternoon I always listen to Brandy Roots Oh Do you have to be kidding me? No, actually I actually look like we're in the world Well, then you're a talk show groupie. You're one of those people No, I don't call I just listen But yeah, like I said you were a talk show groupie Oh, okay, I guess I am I Nobody nobody listens for rainy roads who isn't a talk show groupies or any of my go-in Okay, well anyway, so They took off the air is all kind of disappointing. Have anything delicious to be afternoon except that well I'm not gonna mention who but uh What are you not gonna you're not gonna mention who what does that mean you can Well Like And rush low bottom What about the hump or you don't like Hank? Oh, no, but by that time I'm I'm already home and you know most of the times I listen in the car And what about managed? Don't like the mad dog? Yeah, I listen to man that you ever want to know while he's so what we're going to problem I don't see where there's no problem here Well anyway, but what I'm caught about it to tell you that What are you calling like? You don't like the beasley. I think you might have a choice soon I just run on the AP news wire that there's a liberal beaming ah You remember seeing I'm sure you're doing a godfather where he finds the horses heading is where are you going? You're like oh He's screaming Oh my god Just I hear one more call about that about the liberal talk network or one more facts not interested It's gonna affect you know this who we mentioned and right there Yeah, that's what Lin was saying like we're emailing back and forth about four hours last night and She put it out that Randy's probably got her nose up there asking Chicago already where they're you know I'm not talking about talk work on what just before the show you man I'm listening to you in the Randy thing and all oh my god for talk show groupies like him Not interested. I I'm not going anywhere. Okay. I'm I'm don't you understand sir. I keep trying to explain this to you Okay, I'm an old fart. I don't lie about my age like some people on his station. I'm 60 years old plus a couple of months I'm not I'm not looking to start a new career I'm looking to face out. I have less than four years left on his horseball thing and if we're for mature Shluse and so much of my money I'd probably be uh sitting here talking to myself right now without the equipment because I wouldn't need to be doing it would need to pay check It's picking a pot Johnny paycheck. You know it took me a 40 minutes to get to this damn story Singer Johnny paycheck best know for take this job in shove it. You see I'll probably tell you how that fits right in That it's 64 you have no idea how much I'd like to tell Greg read to take this job and shove it you have no clue how much I'd love to tell him that the guy to watch the throw you one of the bus the guy you can't complain about the support he gives you because you don't need He doesn't give you any Gives you like a backhanded this slap on the back with his fingers crossed and an evil looking his eye You're not kidding anybody Greg you're not fooling anybody with a brain. I'll take to that Including this old kid, but I'll just take the pay tech thank you I see the law continues being sold out day in day out. We're bringing in more God. They're money Them card is got pills on his show. We still got some numbers out there. Which you know and ever have Somebody must be listed. We got like 1200 votes on a poorly yesterday Somebody must be listening The poll has been up this morning for what 20 minutes 25 minutes got 113 votes already we could break all records today if they keep up like this How do you like that? Somebody out there must be listening and spotted at lead in we got which we don't want to talk about that too much in spite of that In spite of this nine to one thing see that's another thing about tough and clearance. You know Talk of good game. Oh and we're working feverishly to get you back to tend to two and you're the Amane stayer and all the Senate broker It's just idle chatter. Okay, you know how the FBI Center here and all of this chatter Probably most of it is coming from the QAM programming or offices. That's right here in all the idle chatter from And believe me you should be concerned when you start hearing your idle chatter. Yeah, I say red alert for that Like that bit we just played yeah that one I love that it starts out slow but then it really It makes its point if it's red panic. Oh It's red now, but now seriously that's all this crap about well work and that's not gonna happen You know you're a Greg Reid screwed up the line up and we're stuck with this crappy nine a one Which you know isn't working a way it should Doesn't do the job for us, okay, and I just had it stroke. Am I gonna get all Ben out of shape about it? Of course Nine of course not so they'll just continue capitalizing and exploiting and do whatever it I'll leave one and we'll just continue a sucking wind that's all so you can Because you got cheap channel don't survey the guy damn station in the market and a Cox the evil viewers that Cox up there in Atlanta Cox a hoist to them and that's it those are the only choices and So you know people get paid whatever they feel like paying them and people continue taking crap with it They like it or not and people continue getting thrown out of the bus and that's just the way it is Don't like it. Hey good luck to you see on a corner 441 and I've still rewrote that that's the attitude See over a Chuck sub center. Maybe he'll feed you. How you doing Chuck? Do you think Chuck still likes this? I don't I'll go ask Well, ever since you said those terrible things Yeah Now he likes me. I don't think he's too fond of you Of course there's a lot of people like yeah 19 until 10 at five 60 WQAM singer Johnny paycheck is dead. We'll get him with that a couple minutes Well, look that that requires a lot of don't you think sure time he had all those big hits like take this Job and shove it the working man's anthem one of the big hits that he had I'm sure you had a couple think about it All you guys out there size makes a huge Different that's a little play on words. We're talking about that paycheck which I was mentioned just moments ago Johnny paycheck and my paycheck and your paycheck according to the Florida Department of Labor computer professionals have big impressive Paychecks computer careers are among the highest paid and the highest demand Speak in the economy by the way Bad numbers this morning on CNBC I just mentioned that in passing fast-tracking up You achieve your new high-paying computer career in four short months They've got locations all over town. So does Bombay one easier to get to close by you fast-wain is in candle They're in Miami for Lodered L and Pemberpines and now would they eating a weekend Schedules you have no excuse to say in a crappy that end job or confer peanuts when you can have yourself a real money making career So call fast train today tool free 1 8 6 fast train that's 1 8 6 fast train They've got full-time job placement guaranteed financing is waiting for you to call them today or check them out of the web If you like it fast train dot com you could have a big one two if you make one easy phone call 1 8 6 fast train 2 a m Break a two Look outside of the same Look outside of the same George Bush's catch on a Look outside of the same He says we know we know just what you're doing Come on 494 494 494 Oh, I'm not a real get you you get you He's got some missiles pointed at you and he's not a Superman rap Back into the middle of the lane just he's not you He loves to love to love to love to love to George W is the president He is the president congress wants him to explain He says we're gonna take him out Go on to take him out I'm getting this who's the same mom I don't need love to He loves you Shoot a bunch of missiles at you He and he love to bother rap I 475 60 WM some alarming news that you just packed me here a popular voice on rap and R&B radio station 99 jams is an illegal jam Is that like a little play on words? Yeah Terry Alexander's behind bars this morning the DEA claims Alexander pictured looking at speak of their Oh look at me nine try to sell to what a coverage in 500 tablets of x the c two years ago since then they've been building their case Make sure take this sweet time, don't they? Sure, don't Tuesday the arrest in Alexander in Edwin watervall who they say is Alexander supplier DEA jank a joke comers said Alexander's notoriety and ledge deemings with drugs not struck him as an odd combination It's so typical of soft float and nothing surprised you anymore in terms of who we're arresting and that different people from the different walks of life Celebrities important people influential people that come up in the midst of the drug game comers said like George Rodriguez producer the new Rogers show Both Alexander and watervall are charged with trafficking and conspiring the traffic ecstasy the radio station is not commenting on the arrest They did say they're jam up and jelly tight or whatever that song was What does that Florida sex history law looks to be said to be dumped what is that? Wait on whatever that is that's so much later on got too much important stuff here including a call from called well Where does call well California? I don't know I'm asking Carlos. He's the one to put it on there. Where does it call well new jersey? Hello, yes sir, so even when I don't call it you have this cat that's a guy the uh that's a guy again I'm going to do it for that that's a or that was no grandma no stop just shut up a minute this show is the most astonishing Program in history the human race it really is all I had it was just mentioned is then see it's a different chronic It's not the you're viewing guy which is who we both thought it was that that's a different guy because this guy's got a better voice But I still don't want to talk to him because you got nothing to say Seriously, can't we've been begging you for two years now get yourself a life Calling me from called well new jersey Just to let us know that it wasn't him who calls and says what did I ever do to you who's the other guy the other chronic for many Anapolis who probably got kicked off the Bob and Tom show God wouldn't Bob and Tommy great on this station in the morning. Oh, wait man. Would you love to follow them? Let's wait the pop head Bob and Tom look what we got Orials pitch your rush to off a Lutterdale field following diabetic episode what is going on with those orials Carlos These up oh, seriously, I think there's some kind of a curse Follow them a water there Follow them orials right hand adjacent Johnson was worst off a practice field yesterday after a diabetic episode See what I'm saying Hank You bet so Hey some time off relax get your health back together again Goods your throat no your vocal chord street now quit coming under and squeaking you're gonna kill yourself And he's backers. It's not worth it Hank. Don't do it They wouldn't give you to sweat out their ass. What are you doing you maniac? Johnson wears an insulin pump to maintain a sugar level was treated outside the clubhouse on the back of a cart By the Orials medical staff and permission the Fort Lauderdale fire rescue unit about 10 minutes later Johnson walked to the training room with minimal ass systems and Of course we know that Orials pitching prospects the vector dot Monday of heat stroke and etc So how do you like that the Orials have a some real problems baby? What is going on with him and then we got the poor Terry Alexander he's an adjan Little ecstasy Maybe on a call is good. I don't know if he knows OJ. You know maybe we've looked at who they're up together You think I'll make the call what I want most from the Neorodger show is how many votes we got on this turkey All 157 already in about 40 minutes. Listen that Shocking. I'll listen regardless on a groupy 54 34.3 percent The Elis liberal the anti religious ratings 33 21 percent Okay push socks any glamour of our saloonetics how's that? More entertainment and a few last 27 a few laughs at a few bedtime stories 20 You got some bedtime stories today by the way Several thank god because look at that phone. Oh boy week and you want to know why why no no One of those Lizzy's right now building a list Neoripping the asshole call is only 15. I was not interesting. What percent is that 8.9 percent Neoripping the asshole call is they must have heard the show yesterday They must have heard what a classic waste of my time and effort it was trying to do a radio show with those people on the phone because we didn't have another list for the third day No, and even when I did put out a good thing there. What do we get or we got corn dogs? Not us here. I thought that was a fun thing to talk about being stranded on island You know being obsessed with one kind of food whatever it might be what it would be vending Jerry's fish food or what it might be those Rogers Amundub brittle bars. I'm talking about nothing The ORIPING the colors asshole call is 15 and mostly pulls with long list choices Oh man, only 9 9. Thank you Robert Right 9 567.0560 palm 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line Singer with Johnny paycheck is dead at the age of 64 take this job in shove it. That was his big hit That was the working man's anthem in 1977 Pay checkup and ped ridden and nursing home with I wonder if he was in there with this as well as from passions He's gonna be a nursing home if she don't watch it I must bet get to with that needle first Pay checkup and bed ridden nursing home with infosema and asthma he died to all and by the way I want to scroll passions for you today, but Grace makes a comeback thanks to a K and the Tabitha Who reaching at big bowl of water and they pour her spirit right back from the oven because the the evil forces the demons don't want the IV yet You know, pose 9 V. Yeah, you have no idea what I'm talking about. That's good passions Pay checkup and bed ridden and nursing home with infosema and asthma he died Tuesday specializing in earthy pain spoken songs paycheck recorded 70 albums and in more than 2,000 hits singles His biggest hit take this job and shove it inspired by a movie of that name. How how come we didn't have that movie on our list? And a title album that sold 2 million copies his other hits included so you didn't have them, but I got him right here They don't take her she's all I got Which was revive 25 years later in 1996 by Tracy Bird on the only hell mama ever raised Slide off your satin sheets old violin and you can have her sounds like that Larry Lujek bit right But those comedy song titles Slide off your satin sheets and I'm the only hell mama ever raised My music's always been about life and situation situation comedies situation life. He said 1977 and now the situation is he's dead He and another ex convict I'll I see look at his career was it erupted 18 1991 we served two years in prison for shooting a man in the hidden Ohio bar 1985 he shot up in a haid Huh, he and another ex convict cut me star moral haggard performed at the chili config correction lens student Ohio while paycheck was imprisoned there I heard from fans constantly throughout the entire two years he said after his release the letters never stopped from throughout the world Out of four to male call every day Ohio Governor Richard Celeste continued our commuted pay tax 79 your sense Braggar Bay to the salt and a singer returned to his career He was corrupt Marshall and prison for two years in the 50s for slugging and evil officer get a little bit of a temper He was like a real man. He was a man's man. You know what I'm saying? He wasn't another one these pussy's you know like tab hunter. He was a real man And we're tab hunter that did young low stool that song from sunny James. No, I'm cap of a record. So tab hunter. I'm done In fact, when Tony Perkins met me said hey tab, what's that any show them any like it North Miami Beach hello What is it And daddy check Johnny's overhead one stop that sheet of quite on the always righty. That's what he I didn't realize it was chronic Thursday to you know I didn't get the money that even 10 o'clock in We've already heard from up 4500 chronic Now I picked the bad date of quit sniffing glue Yo the learning channel and MTV have hooked up to bring you the freshest new decorating show trading crims this week Snoop Dogg and Celine Dion redecorate each other's bedrooms Okay, Celine the first thing we're gonna do is we're gonna take down snoops horrible ceiling fan Oh no, didn't Mr. Dog he said to me touch my sitting fan and I will pop a cap on you trading crims Watch music's biggest stars shine and Sam and paint So Snoop what should we do with Celine's bedroom? Yo check it out. I think we need to paint over that big old picture that battle ball cracker with the right Be it yeah, but fix a mural over husband Renee say what hey? I know trading crims will snoop dog be far wild by what Celine's done to his beloved bedroom Okay, Mr. Snoop. I hope you like what I have done yes Okay, you are opening your eyes No, wait wait wait. Hold up. Hold up. Where my where my dance ceiling fan Oh, get over here You're not kidding Don't miss trading crims or the after-cheat I'll total redecorate live 10 or one at five 60 WC I think we left the choice off the pull today what? We could add four hours of neoplaying. Oh my oh my That might have been interesting anyway. I got some votes to tonight on PBS somebody faxes us and we thank them Front line the world behind closed doors The world behind closed doors explores the ten-year gestation of a producer Michael Kirk calls the bush of the nation Dr. Nupreamtion foreign policy focusing on official on the officials most significant associated with it Vice President Dick Cheney and secretary defense down the wrongs fill in their top aids Louis Libby and Paul Wolfowitz respectively The policy and nutshell is that the US has a responsibility to dominate the world's hospitals as Kirk and Medirak is a demonstration project of it Interviewies include weekly standard editor Bill Crystal all my god. I can hear the bootstopping now Pentagon advisor Richard Pearl and Kenneth Pollock or is that Polock A Clinton administration national security advisor and author of the threatening storm the case for invading Iraq Will I'm in nearer? I don't think I want to see that no no that you mentioned it with that with that bunch with Bill Crystal and Richard Who will who now wants to see that oh fat thanks anyway Like I said I'll be watching at least playing the caps and The Panthers playing the senators in Ottawa Here's Linda who faxes is kind of cute. Did you read this? Yes, I did I read him up. But let's take a very important call and keep his gankers We're taking one in time apparently what do you mean by that? Well, we haven't given them a poll is so to get involved yet. Don't you understand? Yeah, we're not building a poll You should know here's keep a skin. Hello Okay, see I totally they're all out today everyone In fact, we'll have to start making lists to see which ones haven't called in yet Make it a list five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT and T and Verizon wireless line It's screen list Thursday. I'm gonna be a Roger show Carlos Got it. Okay, he won't he's blinking like he doesn't believe it. What do you mean by? I understand well, how can we handle all these call that are pouring in here? The mighty coin guy that That the goofball the Abulian guy called from Jersey That Ashley from the address look what you've done What do you mean by that? Relax don't worry about it. Okay sit there worry about getting did you get that book on it? Did you have Eric get that book cover on our website? I got the Amazon information for them in the picture and everything. Excellent very good. Let's get on I right away Eric Alterman what liberal media That's our new book recommended reading for the people out there for the two percent of the audience We actually read a book or have somebody read it to him Linda says got a couple ideas for polls would what as it what as a little oh? What you as a listener would like to do with the'll be for he croaks? Better hurry strokes one spend a day in Amsterdam visiting hot gay places together Two spend a day showing him the era of his ways concerning his politics three spitted a preaching to him about God So am I fine redemption? Oh God For spitted a getting baked on various drugs. She says that's her choice. I think it'd be right to get stone with me ah Then things that Sheridan can do with Antonio speaking of passions and your right Linda passion is going great again I was really it was stuck in our right there for a while You'll be excited to see that IV makes it come back back into our body today and Sam is all go see and excited Wouldn't be nice to have like a big bowl of water in the kitchen you can just reach in there and make all kinds of things happen Well that's what they do on passions Anyway things that Sheridan can do with Antonio one use him as a serving table of terraces next talk or party To take him to Letterman show for stupid Antonio tricks I can't believe that Dr. Phil actually got a big number on Letterman show you told me to show it Yeah, that is that's terrifying to me Three making a meeting Antonio stand him up and use him as a room divider Yeah, but I think some of us might keep pumping into him and for read him out for gay parties Excellent job Linda. Thank you so much. You're right passions rules sweetheart Make no mistake evoed it I see Carlos we got him smoking here a little bit. I'm not not like full heavy duty like it should be But considering WQ a m What's up cheap listen talk about this carry out better incident the yeah EDR DJ yes So the first time this is happened if you recall a couple years ago Paul Casinovo had gotten arrested for smuggling bones Yeah That's it that's And that's it That was good. I totally do squamous you get the good stuff in there. Okay. That was probably Paul's boyfriend calling Maybe that was a young ones boyfriend which one you think I think was PD WQ a Oh, no, that's what he again was probably PD Lenny It was gone So I'm just gonna do my bedtime stories because he got uh, I'm sorry I mean, I was there we got no calls where what we almost did a nickel fed or anything We have no real callers on his show today is verse said did we have one oh the first guy we started on he was pretty good It's something who's ripping bush and ask Actually, it's something to say about something going on in the world and then the rest of him have been just the usual misfits Woody your quote is up today Woody. Okay. Go away. Don't go away mad. Just go away and don't ever come back Everybody in America hates you like poison WQ a WQ a m Hello Yes, I know I got a question for you Who does this guy that I keep saying about billboards or shit shit happens, who is that? a shit head WQ a m Hello, yes, sir. Yeah, I What the do you really think she doubt you as I think he is? What is it? Why these callers like fading out in and now what is that it's them? It's you What are you saying? Talk about GW yeah If he really is bad as I think he is yes Can he consider to one of the worst president in servers that possible? The verdict still out, but I think if he keeps going this way. Yes by the way the unemployment numbers really bad First time applications front and plummet up about 21,000 last week really bad in place number for January up on point six and even Excluding energy in the et cetera up almost one full percent and And the markets are going when we have when another's came out at 30 this morning You're all like oh gee, can these be for real? Is that and the market is still like the downs down by the way for that guy to remember the guy yesterday? Yeah The stock market does down about 10 minutes. Actually up about six and the last BY Lain thing would be up anybody to be buying stocks right now is really got to be an imbistool got to be out of their minds Because when they drop that first bomb on Iraq when the first shots are fired believe me Then you're gonna see the Schmidt hit the fans pick an ishmit even made a movie about it So if you want to stick your heart in money in there, but you go ahead and do whatever you want folks don't listen to me I mean, what do I know about investing? I used midterm and And then live to up pay for a big time WKOM WKOM Just as all ratings baby. Yeah, yeah, sure he does three-share WKOM And Neil yes, sir. I got one of my family The words that I made right to go. What is it? Johnny Pageic? Yeah If every I want like this, I don't want to go WKOM Yeah, Neil yes, sir. How you doing? Oh, can't do it in great good trying to shine on some beautiful day in T. Old man. It's beautiful I know it's gorgeous in Miami. I'm telling you I'm gonna it's after one. I'm gonna be on my way to a nice lunch today But I my newspaper sit relax for my feet up on the table on the restaurant get kicked out or be green One to thing you'll all please no thanks Okay, Neil, everything's calling you know I don't know you have a how if you had a chance yet today last night to look here to watch some TV And Helen Thomas was on TV with actually Your friend on here. Yeah, we had a call about that our first call about that That's okay. I turned them off because when I turned it on he was talking about that stupid Brother that disappeared Lacey or whatever. That's a beautiful person I'm telling you I never know that Helen Thomas Really had so much good things to say yeah, about Your friend George Boots about the puzzle my story. Yeah I'm telling you she said it was a war's presidency ever saw Mm-hmm. That makes it very happy and also in quiz not do you think well I mean if you're very happy that she said it, but that does mean he ain't the president anymore See that's the only problem I know I understand but you know what I'd least I know that I'm not by myself And I know that there's some people just very my idea too and Don't please not just have a bottle And I tell you the guy I never knew he had some sense of humor I'm telling you that was I'm you know any guy that would do limp penis spots. He must have a little bit of sense of humor And that's right. That's right. Okay, leave it take me out the last with you. Okay. Okay. Good luck What happened to that thing? I must have misplaced. Where's that thing about the t-shirts that you've facts me? That's very important. I'll talk to you again. I saved it as well. No, no. I got to hear somewhere What's all that I do with that? I didn't put it in Schmidt can I did I? Well, that would be really bad. I heard this is the t-shirt. Here it is just relax condo International terrorist t-shirts. This was the first story we did this morning About the kitten in Dearborn out in one of the suburbs of Detroit got set home from school because it was wearing a t-shirt that had bushes picked around it and said International terrorists what are the typical stories of what goes on in America where freedom of speech is just a figment of somebody's imagination And if you don't open believe me you can You self okay Because you can't say Squat in America anymore It's just amazing to take all these gigantic steps back into the dark ages. We keep talking about Afghanistan We bomb them into the dark ages. They already won the dark ages now. We're trying to join them. I think Take any enormous strides backward International terrorist t-shirts. You can actually get one Just go to international the WWE WW dot international terrorists dot com I like to black one myself. I'm gonna go to me. I want right now in fact. You see what they're made Can't let the maiden cat at a Children's a large and small to triple XL adult. I think we got one enough even big enough for the Humper Well And then they also make them in white so you can order the WWE WW dot international terrorist dot com And be a proud wearer that course down there. I don't know take me good. I need to be walking around in South Florida alone Those aren't up here. It'd be a big hit at the league. You have no idea you can only begin to imagine what they have to say about the USA and about our Prison up here north of the border you can only begin to imagine except in the right wing reactionary rags but other than that I don't understand no what they don't like them But you remember a couple of months ago. I remember the broad of critschins system to add a finely resigned Right, because she said he would remember the comment She had a quicker job this poor lady because she had the balls to call it like it was because she called him a him Oh, oh, and yeah exactly that was her word 250 votes on a pool in less than an hour We're well on our way to breaking all records today. Can you see that? What I want most from the new rager show is I'll listen regardless I'm a groupie 83 33.2 a full third This audience our groupies now listen if we do a oh my oh my would Joseph Gaki all day. Let's give it a shot come on What about tomorrow Entertainment in a few last 55 that's 22 percent Don't you think Hank ought to go see Dr. Hamft yeah, but he won no She's great she would she would straighten his ass out and the rest of him too lucky in a buy-in one day. I'm I'm Tony She'd get rid of that strip throw these guy he keeps slipping over there in Dave County to Mount Sinan all of his aquatic doctors you know if What am I getting excited about you know you can lead an elephant to water But you can't make him go to a good doctor Neal's liberal and antivalent is just writing 45 people want to hear that that's what they want most 17.7 percent a few last and a few bedtime stories 35 Neal ripping the asshole callers 22 only 8.6 percent want to hear WQAM I I guess I miss this the new ladger show right you're guessing Yeah, I got the number from WQA answer I guess it is this is the new rangers show on WQAM Hi, thanks Who's this? Who you calling well? I'm I could talk to George or okay Is this George? Yeah, great Sounds like you because all of them sit you on the ready you sound different come on The reason I'm calling I get back to the point because I know you're busy in there. He's I am I am busy I know you guys don't be jokes, but I I picked up a joke off of the internet. Okay. Anyway Is that lip funny or ripping asshole callers 22 or mostly pulls with long-listed choices 10? I'm telling you boy between all the one where I pot it up the thing the other day and it was like right there right and then we had the answer Actually last year. I'm telling you I have a lost one. Oh, it's fight of the stroke. I'm still stroke it man, but I'm spite of it Still have a lost demand you touch That was thank you very much sir by the way for your very funny yuck Yuck I got my finger all the way up to my eyebrow inside 10 14 at 5 60 WQM Tom layman a joke rate of halapadi xe mc they're not yoken around it Are proud what else three great neo Rogers kneel deals no kidding so listen very very closely Neal deal number one get yourself zero percent fine Answering all GMC 1500 series pickups you heard correct Zero percent an all 1500 series pickups at halap right this moment Neal deal number two Lisa GMC on boyfriend just 299 bucks a month plus tax for 48 months That's correct only 299 a month plus tax for a great GMC on void kneel deal number three by a potty egg vibe for just a hundred ninety nine dollars a month That's correct only a hundred ninety nine a month gets you a potty egg five Hell, it's also got great kneel deals on use cars truck'sness you bees as well and as far as credit is concerned Even if you're a deadbeat even if you want's new Greg read No problem. You'll still cut you deal somehow some way and halapadi a kids the great kneel deal triple letter Going on right now at halap 134 one-sap sexy highway that's you most want across from the falls open every day seven days We you know that moment you know again this morning that if a ton loses immediately baseball You're really ill will feel it you'll really be sorry. Won't you be sorry? Oh For more information called the Neal deal hotline tool free at one triple eight five three four 42 11 that's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven don't forget all Neal deals are subject credit Approval CDL afforded tails halapadi xgmc is make no mistake about it Professional grade and proud of it My and local we're sports video five 60s u a You fudge back Now things you'll never hear kid rock say hey, Pam what do you say we take a couple of classes over there at the community Coward things you'll never hear kid rock said I brought out of things that rhyme with bitch things You'll never hear kid rock said my wing looks so big Between your hooters things you'll never hear kid rock say let's go out Pam the only thing on tv is wrestling and Stratcher fool things you'll never hear kid rock say man being a rock star sucks I want to work out an auto assembly line like my deadbeat dead and is deadbeat dead before him things You'll never hear kid rock say it's a 10 18 at 5 60. I was just to renew with this fact. You just sent to me Yep editorial observer Brent Staples writes in the op-ed page in your times today the trouble with corporate radio the day the protest music died Consolidated ownership is changed what we hear on ear no Schmidt And we're fast to sit today's New York times read this on ear. It'll kill out of time Pop music played a crucial role in the I'm not gonna read the whole thing and the national debate over the Vietnam more by the late 1960s radio stations across the country We're crackling with blatantly political songs that became mainstream hits After the national guard killed four anti-war demonstrators of Kent State know how in the spring of 1970 Crossbee still's nation young recorded a song simply titled Ohio about the horror of the event criticizing President Richard Nixon by name The song was rushed down to the ear while sentiment was still high and became both an anti-war anthem in a huge money maker A comparable song about George W. Bush's rush to war in Iraq would have no chance at all today There were plenty of angry people many would prime music buying demographics but independent radio stations that once would have played Eg political music have been gathered up by corporations who control hundreds of stations and have no wish to rock the boat Corporate ownership has changed what gets played and who plays it With a few exceptions the dish dockies who once existed to discover for our provocative new music have long since put it been then put out the pasture The new generation operates from playlists dictated by corporate central list that some DJs describe as wallpaper music. Oh Recording artists were seen as hysterics When they complained during the 1990s that radio was killing popular music by playing a two little of of it popular music But musicians have turned out to be the canaries in the coal mine the first group to be affected by a 1996 federal law That allowed corporations to go below hundreds of stations limiting expression over the arrays that may are merely licensed to broadcasts But owned by the American public When a media giant swallows a station typically fires the staff and pipes in music along with something that resembles news via satellite To make the local public things have remained the same the voice tracks system sometimes includes references to local matters sprinkled under the broadcast But my rock and roll colleague William Sapphire describes as the ruination of independent radio started with a corporate to say a Cooperatizing in the 1980s but took out dramatically when the telecommunications act in 1996 increased the number of stations that one entity could own in the single market and Promented companies to bypass many stations nationally is their deep pockets. What allow? The new rules were built as an effort to increase radio a diversity, but a period of had the opposite effect and you are Under the old rules the top two owners had 115 stations between them today the top two on more than 14 hundred stations In many major markets a few corporations control 80% of the listenership or more Like software Liberal Democrats are horrified by the Legion conservative talk show host who dominate the air waves, but the problem stretches across party lines National Journal reported last month that representative Mark Foley Republican a Florida was finding a typical Religious constituents over the year since national radio companies moved into his district reducing number of local stations from five to one Senator Byron Durga and Democratic North Dakota had a potential disaster in his district when a freight train carrying an Anagras ammonia the rail releasing a deadly cloud over the city of Minut when emergency alert system failed a police called the town radio stations Six of which are on by corporate giant clear channel according to news accounts no one answered the phone at the stations for more than an hour and a half 300 people were hospitalized some partially blinded by the ammonia pets and livestock were killed How do you like that nobody answer the phones there for more than an hour and a half probably because there wasn't anybody there Gee you think yeah, because their whole life is on automation a cheap channel The perils of consolidation can be seen clearly in the music world Different stations play formats labeled adult contemporary active rock contemporary hit radio and so on But study show that the formats are often different in aim only and that as many as 50% of the soft plate in one form That can be found in other formats as well Like build me a buttercup by the foundations the part of these sterile playlists is to continually repeat songs that challenge nothing and no one Blending in large blocks of commercials Senator Russ Fangled of Wisconsin is introduced to build out would require close scrutiny of mergers that could potentially put the majority of the country's radio stations in a single corporations hands lawmakers who missed last month's in adherings on this issue should get hold of the testimony offered by singer and songwriter Don Henley best known as member the Eagles the rock band Mr. Henley said a testimony we call the congressional payola hearings of 1959 and 60 which showed the public how this jockies were accepting grabs to spin records on the year Now Mr. Henley said record companies must pay large sums to independent promoters who intercede with radio conglomorates to get songs on the year Those fees Mr. Henley said in a recent telephone interview sometimes reach 400 thousand dollars Which brings us back to the hypothetical pop song attacking George Bush? The odds against such a song reaching the R. State from the outset given a conservative corporate structure that controls thousands of stations Record executives who know the lay of the land take the path of least resistance when deciding where to spend their promotional money This flight to sameness and superficiality is narrowing the range of what a Merckon's here on a radio and killing Popular music rights friends staples today's New York time. I still a Brent And you are absolutely effin correct Mr. I say that right now who now and our right mind is gonna have the balls to play a song riff and help President the Prettin And it didn't win Go to the top of the hall Time TV Please, President, go to the top Republicate muscle And in our kingdom it's easier I don't know why They won't want to die But no need to hear First rule the man for years With President thumbs More so than Fuck All right, good to go No one's more And get to me all over the floor To why If you want this Don't go If it's rummaging Beat me Don't go And this wrong and rich kid