Good luck this instant. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure. Tesla's turningip to Autolod. I think the following 60 seconds have disappeared. But I took that race as a gift for 140 awaitengers. Let's drop the score from 50o. I don't know what you're saying. How come not one person voted for? I got up this instant. I'd like to meet this sound even a little bit like Ken Maldon. This sound even vaguely like Ken. Well we'll find out. But in the meantime we got one hell of a battle going on between... Absolutely correct. And not turn man. We might leave it on there a couple of minutes and see how this plays out. You know what? Because this is very urgent. Might just came up with in three. I don't know what yours is. 298. But you got 201 to 198. Oh there's one more for... Not 30 man. That... Anyway about 30 man 201. Absolutely correct sir 198. Am I gonna have to play all these? I'm not gonna go down a whole list. It's too long of a list. There's no fact in the church. That had 132. Because then I got to like... It puts the lotion in the basket. That had 114. That's the America T-shirt. That's the American T-shirt. 100. So all of those had over 100. Right on the edge of 100. Do...do...do...do...do...do...do... 98. I can't do all of those. I can't play them all. Thine over here 98. And then of course a recent... Favorite. Big time. I sure. 95. Reverend Jones your gay 84. Blackthumb. Mitch Lewis 68. The managed keychain 63. The products in the that stuff didn't really do all that great. Other than the managed keychain. 57. Mad Dog. Alright. 52. Unbelievable. 41. That's...that's not the one. Unfailable. 41 votes. And then of course the Ever Famous for Trigues. I do have to play this. Because we don't play it off enough and that's your fault. You should say how come you never play? Yo yo yo. Let's rate both. And then I'd play it. Then at 35 votes. All of these things 31. Fish food 30. It's Friday. You've mastered 30. Charlton Heshton's. You son of a bitch 27. Thanks for calling 25. Years. Uh-huh. 24. That was a one George pick. Uh-huh. 24. Small potatoes. Loll me fifty dollars Larry King 21. And then of course one that's really coming on strong lately. A man that's moving up in a world big time. Oh my. Oh my. These are Gackie's. The Z-Man had 18. And revenge clay. 18. Muddy cone 17. Jimmy and Danny 17. And systematic Katherine Jesus 16. I'm not going to go to the second page. So that yeah, look at that four vote margin between. Absolute. Reckless in second place and. 30 man. Which is in first. Tight. Those two. So I think what we'll do today in honor of that is just all day will play. 30 man. That's the will. Correct. Huh? All day. 30 man. Absolute. For four hours. Probably get higher numbers than this ball stuff. We're going to have on this week. But that's really sad. You know, and now you tell me that mole left and I will really go to a some stupid golf tournament. And then mad dog in the handkerchief. He brought casting from some stupid golf tournament today. Oh, brother. That's really sad. That is so, so unbelievably sad. We wonder why the sports segments are like a little bit lacking in big numbers. Golf is not a sport. It's a game. It's a game for blue noses and for bored, tired old men with iracos fiends. That's golf. For blue nos assholes. The golf thing to go in there. I can tolerate the other sports insanity. Even though it enters sometimes drives me up the wall on this radio station. As if I haven't been able to say about it anyway. Do I have anything to say about it? No. But the golf stuff. That's just, it just drives me up the wall. Drives me up the freak of wall. A horse didn't do too good on Saturday in the derby. Poor little Tyler Bayes there. He got stuck left and agate. Got squeezed at the start. Indian up Indians Creek. Whatever it was. And the finished 14. Was just caught in all kinds of traffic along the inside. I got caught in the first turn. Damn. You fell down and then I got pinched back to 14. Never was in a running. We were going to float empire maker. I'm going to split it in float empire maker. And it's a fact. What do you mean you were going to float him? What does that mean? I put him first with every horse. Put him second with every horse. Put him third with every. We're going to keep him wheel him. I mean he has low. See float is not a race track word. Well, I'm not a race track guy. He's a ruggie. Pretty obvious. Leo alien just got off the van. That's a good. That's a good. That floating. See you float it up on shore. That was where the float. InterTube. Great. Floating is not so you're going to wheel him. So why didn't you do that? What did the exactid paid? Funny side was trouble one with. But the great Jose Santosa should point out. Oh, it was a crappy race. It was a crappy race. The only excitement was before the race when they showed the crowd in the infial Allows college student celebrating and getting all whipped up to a frenzy. That was pretty exciting. The sum of us. That's that right now. Not as exciting as that movie. I saw over the weekend. That's night. Donnie Brasco. I'm going to talk about that and movies in general. Mom materially. That's a good movie. You're. Thanks to a my good post personal buddy Johnny Depp. Nice going Johnny baby. Come on over. Let's see what you look like. Do you know that Johnny Depp is 40 years old. Well, in June, June 9th. That's what I checked his birthday. June 9th he'll be 40 years old. Wow. grew up in Miramar Florida. That's what it says on the on the DVD on the bio thing. And they're all. Uh, he told us. See Miramar and Helen they aren't they across the street for me. Yeah. Yes. So depending on what block you live in, you could be like in both. They're like side by side side by each. But it says Miramar, but I think he grew up in Helen. What he told me that morning he was on a show on Zeta seems like only yesterday that he and I. We, they took our picture. God, I still wish we had that picture. I sure wish I had that picture. It was Johnny and his black leather jacket. Yeah. He was great. And then he was on a basketball Al Pacino on the other hand was kind of like El Martino's voice. We, it was really wicked. His acting in that movie was so bad. And in spite of that, if you haven't seen Donnie Brasko, I go out and pick up the DVD right now. I would go out and grab it. Just like Johnny Dec, I'd grab there in the airport. Grab this private. Early, so he said. I was going to excuse. That was a good story. Pretty creative. Yeah. So I have a paper channel over here. I'm going to put you in a movie with so freaking bad. God was he awful. Ticksy tick last night. Anybody was there? According to the story, we got they wild the crowd and there were no protestors. There was one guy wearing a t-shirt that said. Bush ain't proud you're from Texas either. And he still showed up. He says, would want to pay for the tickets if I'm coming. If I do come, I'm going to let him know how I feel. He said, this guy, what that was his name, you bank? What was his first name? Does this guy have a first name? This is the story in a Palm Beach called Mark you bank. 42 before the start of the show. The t-shirt was about the most vocal protest to be registered the entire evening. Despite all the fuss agreed the Dixie chicks top of the world tour which kicked off and stopped her line of last week to re-reviews and gigantic crowds. South Florida greeted the group with open arms and outside. There wasn't one pick at inside. They had two in her land. They had a pair. And that was all. And a Yahoo place like Orlando. Inside the Macaroon Alastair, a thunderous welcome of Leroy Did any hint of the name calling it's been heard over talk radio by the right wing assholes. So they nearly sold out proud of better than 15,000. These weren't the Dixie twits or sadams angels. They were just three women singing their hearts out. They weren't the three Frenchans either by the way, Jerry. Jerry, fall why do you asshole you? You fat face piece of crap? This is a story that I think you're reading on appreciate. That we missed over the weekend, bein' her boy. And what happened over the weekend, but did we sponsor the audience? I think George has got something on. He's got his thumb on it. They had this Iraq war burn out now. And goes to show you the attention span of the American public. We've been breaking all records every weekend on that website. Just phenomenal. And look at all our good stuff we hit on this weekend. And just, maybe there's a lot of important stuff going on. Did they had the air show yesterday or over the weekend, right? That's right. I can't think of anything else that's going on. Was there barway? They sure avoided us like to play on our website over the weekend. But that's okay. We don't take it personal. We let this story out on Saturday. Maybe if we'd have put this on, we'd have to work with a spread around town. Massage-choose-its town meeting segregated by sense. C-E-N-C-S. Shoot-spir-massage-choose-its. Something spelled foul to burn our parace at Saturday's annual town meeting, but it wasn't the usual hint of colon or perfume. What put is knows how to join? Was the fact that residents who wore sense were segregated from the Freigman's free? Okay. I think it's out of hand-send parace. 77 is morning splash of after-shape since dissipated. Some of the crazy stuff that come up with nowadays is voloni, which has a scent of its own. If you ever sit like on a bus or anywhere like next to somebody that was eating or had just eaten like a sandwich or a sub sandwich? Yeah. Or a voloni sandwich? What? That stinks. Oh yeah, the air salad. But that's kind of like an after-effect. It says people who say they suffer from a condition known as multiple chemical sensitivity syndrome. MCSS, over the love of God, said the town's decision to separate the scented from the odorless left-dem breed easier. I've had a leave town meetings in the past because maybe the crow is there, maybe he sent them all scattering. Set them all. I've had a leave town meetings in the past because there's been somebody wearing perfume, and a Julie Taylor 49 who says she breaks out in rashes, has problems breathing gets a fever when she's exposed to heavy-sense. Oh, she gets a fever must be SARS. I'm glad the town is doing this now. I can participate without a serious risk to my healthy B-sand. As for other parts in the way, Linda, animal meeting in the 268 year old shoots, very town of 1800 people like to ember scholars, it's the time for residents to debate and vote for their leaders bylaws and budgets. Before this year's decision, the town's Americans with disabilities at Committee identified ten residents with MCS-s, multiple chemical sensitivities in Rome. At the board suggestion, town officials created a sentless seating area in the school's gym. Oh my god, I sure hope nobody cuts one in there. Anyone imagine? If you've got heavy-sense sensitivity to that? Oh, god. I think everybody's real sensitive to that, like you're in a crowd of people. If you're on a plane. Yeah. See the charcoal in those seats on a plane. That's supposed to absorb the aroma. Believe me, it doesn't work. I think maybe it stores it for release later. Yeah, stores it for the next poor bifters going to sit on there. Next time they sit down and put pressure on it. It just kind of like seeps up into the air. And the scent of the aroma just fills your nostrils and your sinus passages and your whatever. Twelve minutes past nine at five sixty WDQM. You know, talk is cheap. It's easy to throw on a lot of really appealing low numbers. But when it comes right down to what? What can you really get refinanced at 5% 4%. How about 2.45% with an ancial group? With interest rates of 2.45% it's really your best bet and it's rock solid too. So call financial group now to a free 1-800-940-Lend. That's financial group at 1-800-940-Lend. The interest rates are at all time low, so why not refinance your home or buy a new home and take it an inch of a sure thing? 2.45% financing with financial group. What is 2.45% financing good at who is monthly payments? Here's some answers. If you have a $200,000 loan you pay only $76 and month. If you have a $100,000 loan you pay only $393 bucks a month. So get yourself 2.45% financing from financial group. Call them today and they'll explain it to you. Call 1-800-940-Lend. That's financial group at 1-800-940-Lend. There were an equal housing lender, credit restrictions applied rates are submitted to change monthly. 5.34 APR. Now is there anything in there? Is there a comma? Ask dog. Ask dog, is there a comma? Ask dog, is there a comma? And look, this is for sure not my six-year-old. Who is your wife? You are a man. Unbelievable. May you prepare. I think it's my... A Mexican national holiday. All the stations are giving away trips to Kenkuz. I'm giving away trips to Mexico City. But we are bringing Mexico to you. That's right. We are giving away Mexico. We are live Mexicans. I can't remember. We swung legally. They cost a border in the wheel. Well, if a station best, then we of you want to you. Imagine your own personal Mexican. Wash your car. Leave your house. If you're a crock. Give me a thing you want. Because if they don't, you'll have them deported. Audio, some people. Leave a tent collar when you hear this sound. And win a Mexican. Members of this station and their families are not eligible to own Mexicans. Faving and de-lossic of Mexicans is winner's responsibility. Station assumes no liability for infectious diseases carried by Mexicans. Eleprate sickled in mayo in your own home. Ever eating with your very own Mexican people is being delivered. In the 1960s, WQM on the big snicko to my obituary. Everybody's off from work today. Probably haven't parades out in the streets. Aren't they? Sure, yeah. Look what got a couple of votes finally. Good luck this instant. Now, do you find out is that Ken Maldon? Oh, you have to wait for him to come in. Oh, that's not him. Okay. Peter Boy, you think that sounds like Ken? Who put that in there? It does not make him to me, but maybe they saw it out. This instant. No. So you don't even know who put it in. It will work for Moistie Lank. Good luck this instant. Good luck this instant. He maybe if we played often now. Good luck this instant. At any rate, look what's happened on the pole before we put up the new one. Look at that. Absolutely, Rick, Rick. Just moved into first place. Back and see, this is what happens over the weekend. These other people were, you know, push it heavy duty on, but third man. But after we're leading all the way through Friday and most of the Saturday, absolutely, Rick, Rick, Rick. Who's back into first place and we're going to declare it to win a roundway? OK. That was fucking great. I was. 217, 207 for the other one. Not turning man. Now, here's today's poll. Which of these people is the biggest media attention figure? The reason I put this on is poll is because I'm so nauseated and disgusted with his Mark Garagos. Like I told you Friday, when they broke the story on TV, about how he was named the new attorney in the Lacy Scott Peterson case. And it's just, you just, where's you out? I just can't stand it. It's like the same doesn't people there, just never ending. They're always there in front of the camera. You know who we left off on here? I give up. Johnny Conkring. Oh, yeah. Right, right. We could also put out sharp to none there. Nah, nah. He actually had a couple of funny lines in that debate, and I also saw some clips, but he had a couple of lines, which, that tells you a lot about the other guys. Palm Beach Post is conducting a poll in today's newspaper. Who would you want to see is the Democratic nominee? And guess is winning by a landslide by a good margin. Cholibraman. Now he's there. He's there. Well, Palm Beach, you know, they think, they'll, they'll want to vote for Cholibraman, but they'll want to vote for Papu Cannon. Oh, seriously, he's there. How are dean? Really. You think did Bob Graham in Palm Beach County? And I mean, Bobby, is doing pretty good. He's second place, but I think how are dean? I'd like 53% and Graham, like 28, and Cholibraman did about 12%. I think maybe Graham has about 30, man. Like that. Here's the poll. Which of these people is the biggest media attention seeker? Oh, this is cute. U.S. has candid occurs to much about liberties. I got to get the page if you want to. Oh, you can just go to the site. Oh, look at this. This is cute. Who do you think you're fooling this grud? It doesn't matter how many phone he writes. You get in the people section about what hot model you're dating this week. We all know you're secret. If you're so straight, why don't you sue Alec Baldwin for claiming that you made a pass on him, confirm bachelor my ass about us confirmed his fall and confirmed queen. Oh, my God. Who sent that? Pax her. Some anonymous facts about their suggestion that Ms. Grudge really is a lady. Oh, I can't believe that. Not with a hat like that. Anyway, here's the list we have so far. Which of these people is the biggest media attention seeker? Nancy Grace, Mark Garagos with that big ugly mustache. See somebody ought to tell him that that kind of mustache when I would jury Colona and only a poker Brian. I remember who that is. Murderer Colona? No. Good. That's a good sign. Heralda Rivera, Steve Mr. Ego Kane, even though he's small potatoes. Ellis Ruben, Jesse Jackson and Johnny Cochring. That's what we have so far. Think about a put O.J. on there. I mean, it wouldn't hurt. Nah, I don't think so. Because mostly the attention he gets isn't by design. It's just big buy because he's such an aberration of the human race and he can't stop doing all this crap. I'm talking about some of that goes out of their way. It's on there just in your face constantly morning and noon and night you can't get away from them ever. I'm the talking head shows especially. I think that's a pretty good list to start. Yeah. And then the other thing that I want to find out about today and not just today, we can do this forever. Because I did find to get off my lazy ass. And I went over and I got me some DVDs yesterday. I got bored identity with that and Damon haven't watched it yet. But at your urging your a Thony Brasko, let's hear it for George. Finally, I mean, he gave pay to good one. Done at Grasko's and outstanding movie. I give it four and a half stars on a scale of five. The half star missing because of Al Pacino's grow test acting job. It's unbelievable how guys like him. And I love Al Pacino. But he's good. Right. But the thing I've discovered about Pacino is he's either very, very, very good like in Godfather's one and two or he's very, very bad like in Godfather's three and in set of a woman and in Tani Brasko. If you really watch the movie, you know I have to watch that carefully. You don't have to be like a connoisseur film. But you'll notice even the casual viewer that he keeps repreasing roles that he played other movies. There are a couple of scenes in there where he's like doing Godfather three all over again. And then there's throughout the movie. He's doing set of a woman. And he's doing that same character. True. The blind guy. And it just keeps lapsing into these things from other movies. Even as a parent's keeps changing throughout. But Tani and put the Johnny Depp as great name. And we Johnny Depp, one of the unsung heroes and I'll say it again. I don't give a crap what anybody says. Believe me speaking of connoisseurs. I know my people. Okay. I know my hot looking people. Whatever they might be. Now this movie was made in 1987. Funny Grasko. Can you really? It's that old. I mean 1990s. Oh, I see. 1987, 1997, six years ago. So Johnny Depp was like 33, 34 years old when I moved to Kmart. If ever there was a person who looked more pristine. You want to mean like not a people. I know you may have had like a couple on a face like a couple like little Zit Mark. You know what I mean like people. But I don't think so. How do you know? George has been expecting Johnny Depp's uh... Bracom private. Oh, listen. Don't forget about our contest. It's underway now. Right. Another way from the we don't have any more emails. More pictures of the same entrance. Oh, no, we don't want that. So we can put the best ones on there. Oh, I see. Oh, okay. Anyway, email us pictures of yourselves. Any couples out there were doing the hot couples contest for the next three months. Made June and July. And you have until Thursday may 15th to email George pictures of yourselves. And then they starting May 15th pictures of the up on our website for a week. And the people out there can vote on their favorite, which is the hottest couple. Thursday may 22nd, the couple with the most votes wins. And the grand prize a three day two night stay for two of the world-awesies resort and casino in Bahamas with round trip air through our lake of areas. Run around gets dinner for two of the pizza loft. I'm surprised we didn't have more than that. We got about seven couples participating so far. Right. Let's get with it. Okay. Let's get on top of it. So like I said, Donnie Bracom was excellent. But Al Pacino and maybe there's somebody disagree with me. We've actually had people call them and show defending the movie set of a woman. Tell me how great his performance was in here. He won the Oscar for that movie, didn't he? I don't recall. I mean, who's been in so many great movies from dog day after noon to godfather's parts one through three two and just as for all right. So many brilliant acting jobs and a piece of crap contrived, got overacted. The acting in the set of a woman was so overacted. He would have been gone. He would have been gone. John's shown the first two minutes for overacting. But he's just gotten into this thing now where he and some of his movies. He just repreases rules from other movies and he laughs his back into him and you'll wonder if they're not like just letting him do it because he's him. Go to think. Yeah. I was Pacino. We're not going to mess with him. Just put his name on a marquee and the people will come. They'll watch. I must be it. But Johnny depth overheat outchowner man. I don't care what anybody says. He was the asshining star. Nice gone Johnny. Good hell and Bill boy. I'm 20 stay as far as pimples on his ass. I know he's 40 years old now. But I think we're going to have to probably do an inspection. See he's forgotten about us about me. Not about you. He don't know. Anyway, he's forgotten about me. Sure. I can't go say the day's because that was 86. He was 23. He was just young actor. Startin' out. He wasn't a really huge name yet. And he was big. Is what the bird told me. Hey, if you're in a dead end job, or maybe just dead like the bird pick up the phone and call fast train toll free at 1. 866 fast train and get yourself started on a road to a new high-pant computer job to a big fat paycheck. By the way, Clarence, pay days Friday. It's the 9th. So there are no excuses anymore because fast train offers you convenient the evening weekend classes. You can fit in your schedule. And as far as the location is concerned, there's a lot of you fast train nearby you because they're all over town now. The train's got locations in Miami, in Kendall, Pembroke Pines and prestigious for a lot of day-altoos, like I said, there's about to be one convenient to wear by you live. And don't forget to register at fast train.com to receive your free American flag bumper sticker if you want to those. So pick up that phone and get yourself started on a real career and make some real cash and say goodbye to that dead end job forever. Call fast train to day toll free. 1. 866 fast train. 5. Local. This is 5. 6. Where you're going? You ain't. I just got. 5. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 10. 11. 9. 7. 7. 7. 8. 7. 7. 9. 9. 8. 9. song they played that really brought a chuckle to my post. Oh, remember that? And I kept thinking of the I got you down. I just mentioned that in passing. You know, it's this poll today could be the most difficult of all time. I said here and like just with a frozen finger. Yeah, give it a frozen finger. Watch where you stick it and not knowing who to vote for it. But the poll is up now. I guess you and I both voted. I didn't because I'm having internet problems here. You're having internet problems there again. Oh, no, not internet problems at Q. I am. That's got to be a bad mistake. George must be just making that. I don't have a no internet problems here. Anyway, Jason Faxes and says the deaf get off this instant. Go off. Go off this instant. Sounds like Ben Stein to me. Just my opinion. He said I've been, you know, that I've not just been Stein from when Ben Stein's money. The investigation continues because neither I nor Miguel nor Carlos put that in there. Really? We don't know where it even came from. God, good luck. This instead is not Ken Maldon. If it, I mean, if that's Ken Maldon, I'm better Carlos and your life on it. And after when mode two, that is not Ken. Good luck. This is now. Maybe somebody else knows who the hell I was. And also, well, we really need you from the audience. Because now that I'm into the DVD thing, so you give me a DVD player what about you to a year ago. But a year ago, right? As a birthday gift, which is, you know, George, it's going to birthday gift. Everything else he's pretty marginal, but on birthday gift he's excellent. And to give me a DVD player, which, you know, but all the other electronics I got 50 satellite dishes, all kinds of crap. I never bothered with one. Because where do you stick it, you know? Right. And I just never had the time to be to get into it. But now that I'm here and I went out and got me a DVD player several months ago. And, you know, and I don't have the dogs to deal with. I have to be running into the track to keep certain people happy. And so I got a lot more time. And I can sit back and I can go the the stores now. I've got 80 billion DVDs. Almost everything has ever been made. Except for Redwood. And I looked it up on Amazon.com this morning. Come to find out. Edward has me released on DVD yet. So I'm going to have to buy it on VHS. Which I will. Bob Roberts, which has saw just the Ancindor. And amazingly neither George or I ever saw the movie. Right. So I'm just the Ascent of it with Tim Robbins and Susan Sermina and Gorvid Alvin. Even it was made 11 years ago. And I checked that out. It's coming out in June. They're released in that. I guess it's only like in the last few months that the real explosion is hit with a DVDs. And just about everything it's ever been made is going to be released on DVD. So I'm going to make a list from people. And I'm not talking about movies that you know. We've seen like the godfather in network and gone with the wind. I'm talking about movies that maybe don't immediately come to your mind. You know, is the most famous of all time. But movies that you really have to see. I'm going to start making a list. So Ken Maldon says. Yes, that's not him. I told you that. Didn't say anything like Ken Maldon. Well, the mystery continues. Peter Boy, who is the one to kept on us? That's Ken Maldon. It was George. That was George. That's, that's, that's, that's, and our front to my good friend Ken. I mean, not that this guy's got a bad voice. But just so, so, so, got up this instant. You know what I mean? So different. And not one that we ever heard before. Maybe it's what it does. Old pals. You know, maybe it's one of his acquaintances. Maybe it's Tanner. That is not Miss Tanner. Okay. Please. Oh, look at that. Look who's running to pull nearly returns here. And I was very difficult for me. 34 votes now. Just when I've a couple of minutes ago. Which of these people is the biggest media attention seeker. A publicity horror. Jesse Jackson 18. Haraldos got seven. Nancy Grace III. Margaragos II. Johnny Cochrane II. Ellis Rubin I. And Mr. Ego Steve Canes got one. Don't know if he's not putting monitors because they might may or thing, you know. But when you have an audience, you could fit in a telephone booth. I guess you're not really getting all the attention that you could probably use or want. WQAM. Hello. Yeah, I want four of the coos is not for sure. In the morning. Uh, I know. WQAM. Hello. Yeah. Good morning. How you doing Neil? OK, sir. How to want a brolly shopped it. Put him a bowl. No. Why not? He was a media horror. Yeah, he was. But now he's a candidate. Yeah, I get you. I'm a judge said that too. You think you really belong to on there? Yeah. Even though the same even more so than Jesse Jackson. He was on or over when I was growing up in New York and even when I came down here. I'm 11 years. He was forever on TV. Any little thing he's marching when he went to jail for that August strike? Yeah, you're right. He's under. Five. Thanks. He's right. I resisted it. Only because I don't know. Because I resisted it. Put now sharp than under. Please. You got to be in a boy. Right. These down now. Because we're not. You know, I'm not that we're going to have like thousands of people on this list. I don't think. But there aren't many of them. And they just keep reappearing over and over. And of course, you know who is responsible for a lot of them. Yeah, the Kingmeister, our good post personal friend. Who just, well, our panel. We got this panel. You only just do those. And no matter what kind of it is that happens, what if somebody gets killed, somebody stole a freight train. Here comes the panel again. And the panel amazingly always turns out to be the same people again. Mix and match. See, I've never been able to figure out that the other unless you've got a massive ego. And most of these people are well healed. It's not that they're missing any money or any meals. But what is the point of going on those shows? I mean, I've turned down a zillion of those things. What's it going to do for me? Is it going to make me wealthy? Oh, yeah. Well, what's the point? What is it going to do? How about Gloria already? Do you think she ought to be on there? Well, I hate her. She's fine. Yeah, let's put that bitch on her to Gloria all red. And I have no idea how you spell her name. Be careful, but it's spelling okay. It's like, Eric, it's real upset when you misspelled words. Carlos calls me up and bitches bitterly about it. WQAM, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. What about Ann Colter? Ann Colter, is it good one? Yeah, because I can't say that bitch. Have you ever seen her with Matt Grudge? No, I never seen her. Same person, okay. Thank you. And Colter belongs on list. All of we don't see her that much anymore. Thank goodness. As used to be, because everybody's on it that bitch now. The bad news is that she's moving to South Florida. I've sooner or later, all the drags man, it just that stuff keeps seeping down the stream, downhill. Just look at that map and watch everything go just down through the Appalachians, right down to your old Hershey highway and into that big Penicula. 23 for Jesse, 10 for her all to Rivera. And after that, it's small potatoes out of 44 votes. 21 till 10 at 5, 60 WQAM, you know, mom's always been there for us. So this mother's day, she deserves the softest gift for the hardest job. This year, Pamper her with pajamagram. She'll receive the most luxurious pajama as along with a free lavender batty of gift card and a do not disturb sign all delivered in the Keepsake Headbox. They'll send a pajamagram gift shop online at pajamagram.com or call 1-800-GivePJs and they'll help you choose the perfect pair. They have name brands that she knows and loves like Nick and Korra, Cractree and Evelyn and Naturi made from premium favorites like a gypsian cotton and fine silk and sizes to fit any mom, plus they've got gowns, robes, slippers and great spot products too. Sending a pajamagram is a great way to thank her and delivered right to her door. She'll absolutely love it and it's a gift you know that she's going to be using. They're the sister company of her Monterey Burst Center, Contrast their quality and on time delivery of course. So this mother's day, this come in Sunday, send mom the softest gift for the hardest job. Visit pajamagram.com or call 1-800-GivePJs, 23-800-GivePJs for pajamagram.com. We're supposed to be in a five-season 2-A-M. It just felt like a prick. It's a new reality show on Fox this time. We'll try and prove once and for all that when it comes to true love, looks no matter. 20-MASTH Bachelors will vibe her attention and affection of one lucky lady. Monterey-Lawinsky hosts, Mr. Personality. Okay guys, this is our beautiful single young lady. Bachelors number one with the Richard Nixon mask say hello. Hey are you done huh? How about those fun pillows on you? Whoa! Okay, Bachelors number six with the TH Mutant Ninja Turtle mask. You're turned. Hey what's up this week, cake? How's it going to tug on your web, Piffy? Okay, Bachelors number 12 with the William Shetner mask. Actually I'm more interested in you baby. Not hostess with the most. At Boyz sounds very familiar. What a little bit of a little. Silly Billy with the crooked Willie. Is that you? Ha ha ha ha. Hey this sounds supposed to be about me. Hey back down to there sexy, Filly. I don't actually have relations with her. Well in my mind, she's just the owl in the Tutsy roll pop commercial. Son and dog. What do you mean, Billy? Shut up, I love you. Mr. Personality. On Fox. We want to back badly. 945 and 560 and WCM. Here's a great thanks. Well here's two of them. I'll do the short one first. P.R. Ralph, your close personal friend. Yes. And we'll be done in Brasco. The club that he buys put plantation on the map. It was Dan Dowds on 441. Dan Dowds, he used to have the big moukow and front that's now in front of Kimbo Campers to join. All right. Right. Right. Dan Dowds. What was a horrible place? Oh, and he had like a meat market in, well anyway. But I didn't know that. And the one thing I did notice was a little bit disappointing. Was that there was really very little footage of South Florida. Right. Which was supposed to have been in 1978. So I don't know. Maybe it was a budgetary thing because you know when they do those old things, they have to like, you know what I'm saying? Right. Like for example, in the godfather, too, wasn't it the moment where the Myrlanski? Yes. And I have no idea how they do that either. Do you? How they do what? How they recreate the old neighborhoods and make it look, I guess they go in and find some other road roads. Have you driven through any of those neighborhoods lately? Like I said. They just wait long enough and then they look like they did. It's funny. It's the right man. It's the eye. Anyways, is in a movie Donnie Brasco. The club that he buys King. What was it called? King's Court? Something like that. Yeah, that's what it was because I just saw it last night, even my memory in that. But put plantation on the map. Used to be dead. Now thank you for your route. That's amazing. I think I like that. And this is the facts of the century from May, in the day, in heaven, who says, my dear Neil, I just heard you talk about Johnny Depp and Donnie Brasco. How I run it because I just finished a Johnny Depp movie Murathon weekend. So Donnie Brasco done one de Marco if you're loading an LA, which was totally outrageous. Ed Morgas. What? If you're loading a Las Vegas. Was one. That's the name of the movie. What movie? To when you just said you just had fear of loading an LA. Well that's what she's right in here. I understand. Are you correcting Nadine? Yes. Don't be messing with this lady. Okay, because it's a great facts. Especially when we get to the part about a zaz. Fear and loading in Las Vegas, which was totally outrageous, Ed Wood, one, which you must run to see immediately. Also, five stars for when night falls, there's a scene where Johnny who has a small role plays a transsexual in a Cuban prison in Castro's Cuba, circa 1959. His ass is not to be missed and is wonderful face too. How do you like that? Here's Nadine. She's seen a zaz. Well, probably more than once because she says, I'm the lady from formerly from Miramar, who's daughter Julie dated the hung out with them. Johnny and my daughter both graduated from Perry Middle School and he never completed Miramar High School. He was in my home countless times. It was also a bit on the dark side. Thank you Nadine. What an interesting fact that is, huh? Johnny, did you have a little on the dark side? So I bet you maybe what's your daughter's name? Julie. Julie's got some interesting information. Five, six, seven, five, six, pound, five, six, the only AT&T. Not getting any movies from my list. Must see movies, but probably won't. I'll just make up my own mind. I guess the easiest thing is you just go into the store and you got like 75,000. Just keep looking and looking and looking. That's probably not the best way to do it. Bob Roberts, anybody out there see Bob Roberts? Tim Robbins? Probably not. Probably not. Who the QAM? QAM, hello. I'm not a need for the glory, I'm with finger penellas. Okay, week, free week. See, they don't understand it, do they? Never do. They don't get it. Which of these people is the biggest media attention secret, so it is always on your TV. I wouldn't put him in a category at all. Would you? No. Of course, when you're only two feet tall, it kind of hard to stand out in the crowd. But we don't see that much, Jim. Thank goodness. And the best part, one of the great things about being up here. I don't see him at all. We got our own little short row of Mayor Mellasman, but Lisa's got a great sense of humor. He's totally clueless, but Lisa's a funny guy. WQAM, hello. Yeah, I'd be thinking of my own Mr. Neil Rogers. And back to you, sir. All right, one more thing to go. Amy, I'm off. WQAM, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Good morning. All right. It took the Mammie Hill to make the fifth. OK, took the Hill to confirm that Mr. Romso said, I right has no weapons of mass destruction. Yeah. Like I said, this is a joke. It's really, really a joke. And Neil, like a piece of meat, I'm well done. Have a good day. OK. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. The audience is burned out on Iraq. The American public has got a very short attention span. And they don't want to know from that anymore. And all I mean, we got to stir around the minimum count over Racky civilian casualties 2300. Right. That was just in Baghdad. Forget about the rest of the dos just the people that showed up to the hospital and died. Yeah, right. The ones that they could find body parts of 2300. Oh, the best thing right though that we have on our website that we're going to keep on to again today, the bookie of virtue. This right here, this is what it's all about. OK. All you right, wingers out there. All you people are getting sucked in in you too stupid. We even understand why. I, for the life of me. Like I've told you before, unless you're a right wing born again, phonetical Bible thumping Christian or unless you're a multimedia or both, that you have no business following this group of Nazis that we got in running the country now. And here is one of the biggest and the worst William Bennett. Bill Bennett, one of the great finger pointies, one of the pointers, one of the great more or less of all time. Big fat face, tub of crap. Joshua Green in the Washington Monthly and of course this door was in Newsweek everywhere. William J. Bennett has made millions lecturing people on morality and blown it on gambling. How do you like that? Yeah. No person can more be rightly credited with making morality and personal responsibility in integral partly political debate than a William J. Bennett. For more than 20 years as a writer, speaker, government official and political operative, Bennett's been a commanding general in the culture wars. As Ronald Reagan's chairman of the National Endowment for the Humanities, who was the scores of academic permissiveness, later as Reagan's Secretary of Education. He has scored eight schools in students for failing to set meat high standards, as drugs are under George Herbert Walker Bush, he applied a get-tuff approach to drug use, or arguing that individuals have a moral responsibility to own up to their addiction. Upon leaving office Bennett wrote the book of virtues, a compending of parable snatch-up by millions of parents and teachers across the political spectrum. Bennett's crusading ideals have been adopted by politicians of both parties, and implemented in such programs as character education classes in public schools I testament to his impact. But, but Bennett, a devout Catholic, has always been more old testament than new. Even many who sympathize with his concerns find his competitive style, hotly and unforgiving, Democrats in particular object to his partisan surmanizing which portrays liberals as inherently less moral and conservative, more given away excusing personal weaknesses, and unwilling to confront the vices that destroy families. During the impeachment of Bill Clinton, Bennett was among the president's most unrelenting detractors, his book to death of outrage decried among other things, the public's fate to take Clinton sins more seriously. His relentless efforts to push Americans to do good as enabled Bennett to do extremely well, his best-selling the book of virtues bought in a entire cottage industry from children's books to merchandising tie-ins to a PBS cartoon series, Bennett commands $50,000 per appearance on lecture circuit, and has received hundreds of thousands of dollars in grants from such conservative benefactors as Richard Melon's scape in John M. Olin foundations. Few vices have escaped Bennett's withering score, and he has opined on everything from drinking a homosexual unions to the Rick and Lake Show to wife swapping. There is one however that is largely escape that it's wrath gambling. This is a notable omission since the issue, morality and public policy are deeply in twine. During Bennett's uses public figures, Casinos once restricted to Nevada, New Jersey, have expanded to 28 states of the number continues to grow, and Maryland where Bennett lives the newly elected public and Governor Robert Erlick's trying to introduce slot machines to fill revenue shortfalls. If Bennett hasn't spoken on more forcefully on an issue that would seem tailor-made form, it's because he himself is a heavy gambler. Indeed, in recent weeks, we're to circulate at a malmarston conservators that is waiting could be a real problem. They have reason for concern, Washington monthly in Newsweek have learned that over the last decade, Bennett has made dozens of trips to Casinos in Atlantic City and Vegas where he's a preferred customer at several of them, and sources and documents provided to Washington Postwood as total losses at more than, strapped yourself in, $8 million. Oh, I don't believe it. $8 million. This preacher of personal morality and goodie two shoes, Cret. Pulle your the now, just like all of them, man. Bennett's been a high role recently since at least the early 90s, a review of one 18-month stretch of gambling showed him visiting Casinos often for two or three days at a time, enjoying a credit line at least 200 granted several of them. He likes to be discreet, he'll usually call a host, and let us know what he's coming says one source we can limbo him in. He prefers to hide limit room where he's less likely to be seen, and he can play the $500 post slots. Oh, my God. He usually plays very late at night early in a morning, usually between midnight and 6am, so in other words, not to be seen. And it's article, even we, the whole thing on our website goes on and on a great length, the bookie of virtue, William J. Bennett, another finger pointing moralist, they're all the same, man. They're all the same. Make no mistake, not most, all of them. Each and every one of these super moralists, these whole year the now-bastures, if you're looking at their closet's man, or skeletons, rattled in a wildlife crazy, even a month's, this will be embarrassed. $8 million, he's pissed away gambling. And I mean, he's entitled, it's his money, he made it. That's the one thing, but on the other hand, he's given everybody else lessons on Moralee, and on life, and on wisdom, and instead of him so on, and how to behave properly, I wonder what Jesus would have thought of that. That $8 million George thinks of a lot of good weed. Yeah. Would soon be, uh, decriminalized here in Canada, I just mentioned that in passing. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, if you don't have one movie to add to my list yet, I'm pretty bitter about that, but we do have that great facts from Nadine about Johnny Devsackham. And she said there were no pimples on it, but it's spent by the way you said, yeah, now maybe in his advanced age, there might have been like, it's a little bit like, you know, what are two? Yeah, you're thinking about it, but there might have been, which of these people is the biggest media horror, the biggest attention seeker. We put attention seeker, there's more like, you know, politically correct, horror sounds pretty drastic. 105 votes, Jesse Jackson 46, hurrah to refer to 20, how sharp in 11, Mark, I told we need to put him on there. Mark Garagos, 6 Johnny, Cockring 5, Mr. Ego, Steve Cains got 5, Nancy Grace only 4, Ellis Ruben 3 and 1, 3 and Gloria all read, has 2 already, as she makes me sick. And she's always got that same read outfit on, and it's same look on her face, like something smells bad. She ought to be in a group in Massachusetts, in the group where Alps said, because something's not bad. She always has that look that pinched nose, like, those something stinks in here, probably it's herself. What's the name of that condition again? I'm never going to remember that. You've specced me to dig through the garbage line, and you look at how much of this is for multiple, multiple, multiple, multiple, multiple, and the sorter. 957 is 560 WQM, Mother's Day is coming up Sunday. You might have right spot or not. No, I'm not. See you, you know what? No, because you got me so thrown off balance here, I'm getting way ahead of myself. I'm in a 150 break. Hey. Yeah, I'm all the way back to the attended two days in a 150 break. Anyway, Mother's Day just started to say, is around the corner. See you can work out anything on a show. No problem. It's a perfect time to repay mom. We spent so many sleepless nights waiting for you to come home from pouring around late at night. Dalamatrice has the perfect mattress for mom. If it's sagging, lumpy or just worn out, you really should do the right thing. And as you call our good friends like I always do it, Dalamatrice, 1-800-M8-TT-R-E-S. Dalamatrice has the complete line of serto, Seely King Corlan Simmons, for you to choose from. You should know why mom's stayed on something that you wouldn't put your ass on, so don't put it off any longer, especially with Mother's Day coming up this Sunday. Nothing's got a bigger impact on the way of person feels than a great night's sleep. So call 1-800-M8-M8-T. And Dalamatrice has more repeat and referral customers than anybody because they know how to give you great service and treat your right. I guarantee I'll betcha a great read's life on it that once you buy a mattress and Dalamatrice, you'll never go back to a show or again. And don't forget when you buy a mattress and Dalamatrice, they set up the new one and take away the crappy old vetting for free. That's correct. Dalamatrice sets up the new one and takes away the old vetting for free. So this Mother's Day have mom asleep and like a baby on her new bed from Dalamatrice gets to a bit of a good situation. Call him today, 1-800-M8-T.T.R.E.S. That's 1-800-M8-M8-T. It's a great night's sleep for months and years to come. This is for 20.5-102-2-A. We have mercilessly taken to the following material out of context without endorsement or permission from those depicted. It is our ongoing mission to make everything that is good and decent look as ridiculous as possible. We hope we reach that goal, or at least, may gel out. or at least made a lot. Teachers, families, and law enforcement, we must aggressively promote drugs. The illegal drugs. Now, one of the things that an strategy that I hope you find interesting and as important is that we're actually in the start targeting people like Platinum Moves and Teenagers. I don't know what I'm gonna do. Make no mistake about it. Is the central that our parents convince our children to do their drugs and that's good parenting, which is why without hesitation or apology, the budget estimated to Congress calls for 19 tons of cocaine. No handships or butts. I like cocaine. May God bless you all. 10 or one at five, 60, and WQ, I'm happy Monday to you. My must-see movie list that ain't grown. All I've got is Donnie Brasco, which I bought in watch last night, it was great. Born I didn't leave with mad Damon and haven't watched it yet. Bob Roberts, which I will get, and Edward, which is on VHS. See, and that's my list that they had none. Anyway, here's our poll question. Which of these people is the biggest media attention secret Jesse Jackson 54? Parallel O26, Al Sharpton 19, Itoida? Mr. Ego Steve K9, Mark Garagos 7, Johnny's Cockring 5, Nancy Grayson and Coloury Chaff 4, Ellis Ruben III and Glory All Red 2. These people must not watch Larry. Does nobody hold enough to watch Larry? No. Because he's got Nancy Grayson, or like every five minutes. Air V-50, no matter what the topic is, there's Nancy Grayson and there's just something about her is it only me? Maybe it's only me. But I'll see her and I get angry. I get downright pissed off when I see her face. She's just, she's always pissed off. She's over the top hyper ventilating melodramatic, affected, and full of crap, but other than that, she's dynamite. Yeah, she's just annoying, ugly and has ugly hair. But I guess when I have too many old ladies listening to my show, because that must be who's watching Larry. Huh? 560, 560, pound 560 on a AT&T and Horizon Wireless Line. W-W-A-M, hello. 560, no matter what. Q-A-N. 2-Buzzy Dicking Around. 560, no. 560, but I can tell this is going to be some week. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. You could not, seriously, and you're right. When I told you about the, the request for pages on our website, well, way down over the weekend, and spread of the hard ass work that, uh, be to boy and I do want to weekend. Because they're just grown out on that stuff. They just, they want new play to win out. And that's, uh, that the American public for you. So, what is it? Syria. And I'm, I'm, that's what I'm talking about. They don't care about Syria. You're, you're missing the point. You're, you're totally, uh, missing the bold, mister. So, uh, get one of your orders and hop back in your rap. You missed the vote. Speaking of being a boy, I said the George B. for the show, and I'll, I'll see it again. He will, it's a lot of our macho guys in the audience for upset. It's more that gay banter. I don't really care whether you like it or not, because it happens to be true. Johnny Depp, who, who, unfortunately, or maybe fortunately, I don't know, but his career, and I've talked about this before. He play all these speaking characters, Edward Ciserhands, and all these guys made up to look weird, you know? Right. But in terms of you show me a guy who looks great, who should ought to be at the top of that list, you know, people magazine does that stupid list every year. Right. Best looking man in the world, Johnny Depp. He makes Brad Pitt look like B. B. Okay. Bye, can I? No, Terzan. I am, I'm telling you right now. See, Brad Pitt is like the Rascal House of Actors. He is. Oh, I mean, he, he was a good looking guy once upon a time. He's been kind of grim now, but he was a very good looking young guy, but he just, you know, he's like the Rascal House overrated. But it becomes a state of mind. So, you know, people, oh, if somebody wants to be food with good looking guys, always a Brad Pitt. Brad Pitt, God. See, even Jennifer got stuck in that. So to speak, oh, she always had good taste. 567. 560. Palm 560 on the AT&T. And additionally, which Brad Pitt is not a good actor. You haven't seen California yet. Okay, but that's one. Okay, that's one. I'm not saying he isn't capable of a good performance, but he's reading out of a very good actor. Johnny Depp on the other hand is an outstanding actor. Yes, he is. He's excellent. And he's getting very old. WCWM, hello. In the act of cast of vote. Yes? Okay, I can't vote for that Reverend Joan God. Give me about. Oh, God. What about that guy? Yeah. WCWM, hello. Yes, you're seeing who we take, I was no good to him. Can't hear you, sir. Hey, back with no good. Mel Gibson? Yes. Won't watch it. Don't watch it. No. For your list, how does Michael Jackson miss that list of media horrors? Uh, yeah, that's true. He ought to be there. Okay, thanks. We'll put him on there. Don't you think? Sure. Yeah, it'd be on there. Of course he does it out of desperation. But how outrageous the thing is, just like to hang in a kid over the edge of the balcony in Germany, just to get to publicity because he thinks it's going to get his name in Oregon, which is always worse. And then he thinks it's going to sell him a lot of records, which is that part isn't working anymore. So he's halfway right. Michael Jackson, good choice, sir. There's a long end list. I won't watch him. Mel Gibson movie. Somebody else in that movie last, that we talked about this before the show in Donnie Brasco was the little, what's his name, the actor? Oh, what, Bruno Kirby. Bruno Kirby. Who's a good actor? He played young Clemenza in Godfather too. He always plays that same kind of role because I guess he doesn't have to act. He's just kind of like a goofy guy. But in this movie, it was just too much like Joe Pesian and Goodfellus. It was almost the carbon copy. And here's the, here's the, here's the wise guy who's just kind of a goofy guy with a squeaky voice. And it was Joe Pesciol over again. Now maybe again, that's just me. Maybe I'm just being too critical, you think? I'm being a prick. No. But I thought he was like Joe Pesciol Jr. Is that a muse? He almost said that. I don't know exactly what he said in one scene. But it was too much to rip off. And I don't know why people do that. You know, these guys that write the screen plays and these directors, why do they do that? Why do people copy people? Yeah. I mean, I mean, I mean, one thing to copy somebody in a subtle way and use some nuances, but to use almost verbatim. I just, I mean, and they talked about if you watch the features on the DVD, the director was on there and the guy who wrote the screen play and they talked about the fact that there was controversy at the time where the writer released on a brass, because good fellows had just come out too recently. Right. And they were afraid that they couldn't match their success. And it was a room for two similar movies at the same time. So that thing, the case, why would you like to rip off somebody of things like imagination? Oh, at least Johnny didn't have all those bits like Ray Leodon. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line QAM. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Wow. He's celebrating. He's going to head start on it. Yeah. No, I'm making no mistake about it. Wow. WQA, hello. Yes, sir. Is it Neil? Sound like Neil. Okay. Hey, go ahead. I'm going to get you. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Is it Neil? Sound like Neil. I'm not going to have a long time. I was looking to get you since when you were back on, Kim, to do it night. Oh, good night. Good night, sir. Tell me about it. Yeah, I just thought you might be interested in, maybe just doing the wrong thing instead of are you budged back and it should be, are you drugs back and what? Oh, you know what? We're going to get him to say it. We're going to get him to do it. I just thought you'd like to know that. Thank you. Thank you. Well, maybe we're misunderstanding what he's saying. I always thought he was saying fudge, but we can do it. If anybody will do it for us, he'll do it. That was good. I think we have a new phrase. Are you drugs packing? I love it. Rectome. That is perfect. 560, pound 560. It's obvious. This audience is a little off today, which is good. We like being a little bit off. Of course, if they have not been on it. No. WQAM, hello. Hi, is it Canyelle? Speaking. Can I give you an actor for the best actor? For the best actor, sure, go right ahead. Is that what you're doing today? No. What go ahead anyway? What are you doing? Best actors are best movies. We're not doing either one, but just keep going. You're off to a great start. Keep going. Okay. I will add Gary Olham. Gary Olham? Yeah. Now, let's, who do you think is better? Gary Olham. Gary Olham. Jeremy Olham. Jeremy Olham. Who do you think is better looking? Johnny Depp or Brad Pitt. Johnny Depp. There you go. See, I rest my case. Thanks. Bye bye. See, she's got Jeremy Olham. Is we got him on a list? Oh, yeah. I'm running into the house. This is great. How do you spell Irons? Oh, my God. That's she was her best colleague a year so far. And that's only a me. That's a good. That was good. Fife. Fife. Fife. Fife. Six, seven, five, sixty. It must be my fault. Maybe I'm not communicating. Okay. Like, jickus is a mother touch with what's happening in the local community. 170 votes on a poll. Not too shabby. Meiner, boys. Not too happy though that you're response. You think it ought to be a lot more. Don't you? Yeah. Eight. I mean, seven days of work. We're working hammer and tongs. Tooth and nail the put all kinds are really interesting. So that's just the stuff you read on the goddamn front page. There's a lot of stuff you read on the page. There's a lot of stuff you read on the page. There's a lot of stuff you read on the page. There's a lot of stuff you read on the page. There's a lot of stuff you read on the page. There's a lot of stuff you read on the page. There's a lot of stuff you read on the page. There's a lot of stuff you read on the page. There's a lot of stuff you read on the page. There's a lot of stuff you read on the page. There's a lot of stuff you read on the page. There's a lot of stuff you read on the page. There's a lot of stuff you read on the page. There's a lot of stuff you read on the page. There's a lot of stuff you read on the page. There's a lot of stuff you read on the page. There's a lot of stuff you read on the page. There's a lot of stuff you read on the page. There's a lot of stuff you read on the page. There's a lot of stuff you read on the page. There's a lot of stuff you read on the page. There's a lot of stuff you read on the page. There's a lot of stuff you read on the page. There's a lot of stuff you read on the page. There's a lot of stuff you read on the page. There's a lot of stuff you read on the page. There's a lot of stuff you read on the page. There's a lot of stuff you read on the page. There's a lot of stuff you read on the page. There's something you read directly on the page. It's a lot of stuff you're reading on the page. There's something we immense and he's talking to a person who's never taught you before. He's a guy from the immense, hard laburgis and he's always taught me that. But do you all want to go to court or stop watching? I'm thinking a home science student who's been thought to say homework about what Ona's going to make. He's a nerd. He does fit in. If everything's supposed to be a zachune task you should do. He sometimes re-click songs that he's playing with. That needs to be the sort of language to write. I'm trying to think there was a you know the late scene and again the very end of Godfather 3 Or he was an old man just broken by his a diabetes and his daughter's murder and all the Test things and haven't murdered his brother clutching the orange and he's sitting there He's got the glasses and the gray hair and and that was like a little bit older version of the rule He played in Donnie Brasco when he came right down to it right and that's what he looked like I don't know maybe it's just me. Okay. I want to be picking an alpachino because that would be like picking on the bread pit You know it will be a bad thing to do and far be it for me to do that. I don't want to pee on a Merc his parade Squirt's square maybe once maybe just this one time K 12 minutes past ten at five sixty wqm. You know mother's day is Sunday. Do you know that? Good and the folks at Vermont Teddy verb and busy hand making some great new beers Your mom wife and grandma deserve something extra special this year show him how much you appreciate them by sending an authentic Vermont teddy bear She'll receive a beautiful bear personalized just for her and delivered with a free card and gourmet candy and a colorful gift box They've got great beers like the spa mob bear mom's biggest fan or the new queen for a day bear and who would want to be queen for at least today Dad that's your job to get a gift from the kids and mother and come set What is it the mother and come set as perfect like I said at as many comes as you need with their names embroidered right on the outfits It's a lot more creative than and thoughtful than those flowers which are didn't know time at all and the bear will last a lifetime Call 1-800-829 bear and friendly bear counsel will help you tell her bear just for her So she'll know you put some real thought into your gift this time you won't believe the reaction you're gonna get order is quick and easy to call 1-800-829 bear or shop on line and Vermont teddy bear dot com Don't forget this year. Thank mom for all she does for you with a Vermont teddy bear call 1-800-829 B-E-A-R be sure and tell that old Neil told you to call It's day It's day by every town I have five six oh W-U-A Coming up tonight on inside of a high in the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story If only he had been born into another time a time when his last name didn't mean fallatio He was Murray He Well before Murray was born we never got any stick about our surname Murray had father will it? No, not a lick of trouble overhead But unfortunately young Murray grew up in a more cynical age When L. D. is he can't say have without thinking of a giant pulsing nail member being inserted into somebody's mouth He was really hard. I mean it sucked Even when Murray had tries to explain himself it gets ugly. I mean the toll that head takes on So it was only fitting that Murray had one big hit should contain the word In the title hell it had bang in it too. I guess people could only accept me once I sang a song about Most decadence city in the world where you can get my last name on any street call enough a two bloody dollars Murray had about the only term we haven't used yet as good old oral sex It's a big juicy shopping went like a chill business tonight on inside the mind if you blow too much You're in trouble. There's reason I played that and that's so that's actually just something Michael's actually I thought we had an elist being a boy Yeah Somebody just suggested that I don't see it on elist yet now where our poll today is whatever you want it to be okay best actor of all time most beautiful female Johnny Depp's ass how many pimples would you say and is a Okay best actor of all time favorite one hit wonder which horse do you think is gonna win a Kentucky Derby if they run it again? I Love that I like this we're just going in 80 million different directions as usual Which is but more so which of these people is the biggest media attention seeking a horror Michael Jackson will be on there believe me 23 votes Jesse Jackson 74 Hurald a river 39 al Sharpton 34 Steve mystery go keen 10 and colder 9 Gloria all red nine Mark Garagos 8 Johnny Cochring 8 Ellis Rubin 6 and anti grace only 6 every time we do one we put her on there for any reason She doesn't say they don't know who that is. I don't think no So I guess they don't watch court TV or certainly not Larry know who to help watch is that I'm gonna be a 200 So California you say I should put on my list the audience isn't helping me out too much that's California With the K right okay, but also Rocco semi-affaxes How about for your list the general gambar morals are Bob Bennett, but we won't put him on list, but that article is great By the way, what did you think of Puccino and heat didn't see it should I put that on my list? No, no, it was okay. I don't think you'd like it. It's just mostly shoot him up and it was all over the place Okay, I'll pass Hmm can't tell you about I'll tell you Puccino is just spastic. He's all over the place. He's either great or he is awful So bad that it's scandalous and you know there must have been a great movie for it to be as much as good as I enjoyed it Yeah, it was great because his performance was so bad, but it still didn't detract and like I said before to show and his only purpose really being there is in a beginning When he brings a Donnie Brasco into the mob as the informer, which he doesn't know and then it's a very end when he goes off to be whack because You know, he's the one in front in Johnny. It turned out to be a story that was on his ass He was one So anyway this facts is how about Michael Jackson's for days. Well, that's what I keep saying, but but Carlos won't let Eric put it on there Sorry, is that what the problem did you say SARS? See there he goes again It's not even love it a clock how many times you say that already did it Most pondless radio and history this facts is was on W. I would do this weekend plain by plain coverage of the Aaron C. Show Are you Schmidt me it says listening to the planes fly overhead on on the radio? W I O D I hate that stage. Amen and believe me if anybody knows about W I would do we work there under two different owners and it's still sucks Speaking of ponders how did that escape Friday's policy? They just don't get it. Ponderous is a classic Nealism it says here, but it's not a drop in it's not just a expression. It's part of a bit part of that long Casey case in bit Also, it says did you ever see the movie blow with Johnny dip? It's worth watching. Dep is an excellent actor Right about the last part but blow lived up to a name. Did you think I did it you didn't see blow? No, don't okay, you're right. Sorry. I it blows At least that was my opinion. I thought it sucked 560 5050 5060 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line after the show we're all gonna meet it We're used to be Dan Dows there on 441 We're all gonna take a ride a we're just gonna hop up on a big new cow The at least it used to be there, but you never ate a Dan Dows. No good That's why George is still around WDQA and hello I think the meal please speaking oh, yeah, I am I have a good movie I have a lot of good movies, but one that just came to mind I know you'd like it's called lamento with guy Pierce Guy Pierce good movie really Real good what's it about it's a psychological thriller He in the beginning it started from the end and they go back and they kind of fold over And he loses his short-term memory So basically you can't remember any conversation I'll add the two minutes. Kind of like me Anyways, that one and another one It's not the best maybe George you heard of it. Uh, fully You must see bully you want to own the DVD of bully so you got pre-espray and then rewind it there Neil Mully ask any Anyway, what's it about It's about flesh That's not what it's about it just happens to have a lot of it. Well if it's got a lot of good flesh That's one and I want to watch it's the true story about high school kids to kill their friends over here locally in Weston or wherever it was Really Incoar but he helped out and then murder dumping the body you aren't gonna believe it but that movie's not in my book Next time you talk to Duff No, it's too new. Next time you talk to them. Yeah, you may in 2000 right We have a this is a 2002 book, but I guess it's too new for the Brit's they haven't discovered it's a five star and four-hanky movie Really, yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, I'll write I'm gonna go on get it today. Okay, now. Thanks, pal. I see How come you never told me about this before I did? And I said to you. No, I think you just forgot about it stroke and Alzheimer's and I was I was getting ready to go see them movie momento. It's too, but I forgot 560 0560 so let's see I got the California momento and bully you're thinking about a fine bully Possibly it should be out already on DVD Well during the break I'll find out I'll go on Amazon What even though California is a real movie a good movie Big budget and definitely a good I would probably watch bully first before any of the other ones just cuz And then maybe a second or third time right yeah, okay, WQAM hello Hola Nobody there WQAM Hello, hey, how you doing now okay? Rick Sanchez I know 560 5060 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line we're not talking about somebody that works in the media that's on the news all the time Or that's on your TV because they're getting paid to be there. We're not talking about that Do they understand the poll? No, they ever understand the poll once did I want to know blue moon once in a great while See, I think what they we much is do that every day. You know who don't you like that's how Florida who do you a hate? That's all that that poll I always does a huge response. What does it ask it? What what's your problem ones, but is he interrupting again Carlos? Boy, he's just like motor mouth today just worked up into a frenzy since the guy mentioned bully Must be pretty good. Yeah, WQAM hello. Hi. Yes, sir. Yeah I don't TV. I bought it locally. It's fantastic. All right Yeah, you're gonna love it. The memo is really a fabulous film too. That guy knew what he was talking about Okay, well that's and culture Yeah, yeah Okay, thanks 560 70 560 keep them coming folks keep them coming Jesse Jackson's got ATEEE Which of these people is the biggest media attention seeking a horror Jesse Jackson's ATEEE, hurrah the Rivera 46, Al Sharpen 41 Gloria all right in Ann Coder and Mr. Ego Steve came 10 apiece Mark Garagos Ellis Ruben Johnny's cockering eight Nancy Gray seven Michael Jackson's got one out turn in Toy 9 votes and The venerables not too happy about that total Are you We need more. Maybe you're just not doing that good of a job like we thought you were doing on our website. I thought it was pretty Spiffy. Huh? Let's be you maybe better get some tips for Miss Fudge. I mean 26 past 10 At 560 Don't don't forget about that. I don't know. I'm gonna do that to that All of these out of the go. I'll wait till tomorrow. Do these in the studio so we give a nice crisp clean cut on that Let me tell you something that's crisp and delicious and that's those new low carb racket chips that delights a West Boca What a segue can this man do it or what? Uh-huh even my old daughter-ring age in my moment to a mind Delights is your super store for the Atkins and all the other low carb sugar free diets and they're introducing right now They're all new Almonds snack cakes by control carb They come in blueberry of an enter classic almond each one is only one effective grammar carbs Preserving or sample delights new chocolate raspberry muffins with only one grammar carbs and like I said If you want something crunchy and really great tasting try one of the three new flavors of low carb racket chips So, in other words carbolite ice cream brands rolled cheesecake's chocolates past and sauces are ready Another six hundred low carb foods the lights are West Boca's the place you can always try it before you buy it They got an eligible staff that knows their dieting inside and out the open every day seven days week 10-10 and they create a most complete line of Atkins brand products in the world that are always 25% off all day every day The Atkins diet is rated way at the top of the list so head to the number one low carb sugar free store around The lights of West Boca on the northeast corner of blades in 441 right next door to Boston market or column tool free 1-877 low carb or check them on that wicked worldwide web at low carb.com Don't forget there's only one you license of us focus your official Atkins retail center Yes, whole Introducing a medication the targets my grain pain where it starts Actually changing the way the nerve functions stop it stop it stop it the pain Detimates tracks ask your doctor about noon tries only now fed a hydrosopropans I treat him in diasaprofina doc saline tripe in Prosupa Hc Tis only now fed a hydrosopropans I treat him in diasaprofina doc saline Prosupa Hc Contain citrine diacce cream dialetamine the most powerful medication you can buy so when my grain pain Stripe freeze for new trizzolamine alpheta hydrosopropans I treat him in diasaprofina doc saline tripe in Prosupa Hc warning if you're currently taking any medication Continuing ultramus lennum and diaphein or minis per solum hydrocontribulam It's recommended that you do not take Trizzolamine alpheta hydrosopropans I treat him in diasaprofina doc saline tripe in Prosupa Hc S for it by name what is it again? 1031 at 560 WDQM happy Monday 2 we got the mad dog and Hank both from the dolphin golf firm and today Which is really gonna be exciting? Hercoun hotline at 7 with whoever's on it. I guess this is the acum ice there and whoever The big oh for mate to 10 8k 10 to 2 in July Mark overnight no games today Marlon's lose just about every day lately But they'll be back in town against the giant sternum or night United States is the lack of funding for police and restrictive privacy legislation in Canada Our frustrating probes of political extremists The comments in an annual report on international terrorism with the latest critical remarks from the US Apparently ended prodding Canada to bring its security measures in line a The state department report on global terrorism for 2002 suggests that while Canada has been Helpline the fight against terrorism it doesn't spend enough on policing and places too much emphasis on civil liberties That's the operative line places too much emphasis on civil liberties and of course they were foaming at them out The store we had on our website over the weekend Hot plan pulled and puts US noses out of joint Trade at risk warrants drugs are as the threats continue coming across the border boys and girls There's one right there just came into my window Welcome to the latest flash phone in Canada US relations one that has nothing to do with regime change or war and everything to with pot John Walbers The drugs are of the US at the liberal government hasn't done its homework in Canada and studying data to justify the decriminalization marijuana and accused out of a allowing poison to be shipped to his country ready for that He implied the kretchen liberals were naive and have no plans to be with the explosion of high potency pot Which he called the crack cocaine of marijuana being grown in British Columbia man at Tobacco back at Ontario Really US threat is clear if kretchen doesn't blink the US will have to slow down the movement of goods across the border Walter said a flood of Canadian pot moving south becomes an American problem meaning increased border patrols We expect your friends to stop the movement of poised near neighborhood Walter said and that's what's going on here for sending toxic substances to your young people You'd be and should be upset In sure Canada's being seen in some quarters. Here is a pot crazed your espossal nation living in the late 60s This first were soft on sedan now were soft on pot Canada officials privately believe it's washing them that stuck in a time warp taking the world back to an earlier area of Refer madness Right on target acolyte yeah Refer madness country living in the stone age too many civil liberties We don't like that decriminalizing a pot you're gonna be shipping poison across the borders And on and on a close and a public is out there. Remember what would like that? Don't confuse them with a facts five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on a AT&T and for as a world of slime. We're doing screenless today. There's one call one line random. What does that tell you? Yeah, I told you we reached that point on Friday. We we reached the the demarcation point again We hopped over for a couple of months very nicely and now we're back up against the wall again With a soft photo crowd such as it is WQM What is it? What was he babbling about pound five 60 oh? That was me. No, that was him. That's what he was saying Okay WQM hello Oh, okay, sir. Yeah, I just tuned it. I don't know if you spoke about it yet. How about that news about dope damage? What does it that oh you didn't hear about that? You don't know the gambling gambling problem In fact, he lost a million dollars that I just talked about ten minutes ago. I did I just tuned it. I'm sorry You know, I didn't he I just okay. There's another more or less for us. That's what I said Okay, thank you. And present lick and still got a bad headache We're here and up here could be more misinformation Five well you'll find out on a misfudge report 5670560 pound five 60 on the AT&T And for rise on wireless line WQM hello QAM but these people are brutal today WQAM hello Yes, sir Yeah The one that you get off your dust that you spend the starting Do you get off this instant it is yes it is yes it is yes That's a benstein, which that's a clip from an old Whole-key commercial that is good about and a financial institution Okay, thanks thanks for the bad news. Thanks a lot. I got a like Benstein I can't stand it. Do you get off this instant right wing self-hating Jew with the lot of money and Runs around wind benstein's money. I hate that. You know, oh look at all the money. I got what you like to win some of it No, stick it up your ass Ben can't stand him Does that show still on I hope not? I don't know. No, that's no, that's probably on the game show channel wind benstein's money Hey up your ass Ben so in here you go Yeah, of course Ken molden Benstein ever see the two of them together You're up this instant right tell you. Oh no, that's Ken doesn't sound anything like Ken Okay, I think you will Ken molden a apology. I mean put him in a same category with Benstein Next you'll be comparing like a frank-endstein. You know what can can come in and slap on the side of the head once Thank you WKOM hello QA. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm the screen with throws me off. I'm trying to listen to the show all the phone That's okay I tuned in this weekend to your radio station there are so-called radio station I guess when it comes to weekend and I guess they're playing F.B. and radio dump on the weekend. Yes, chief right. I Well, not only that, but I mean all they're doing is every appetite is to break and stay can't generate any of their own advertisement. They're playing the EFC and spots promoting another radio station for their weak parts. I mean you know what I'm saying? Take no sense What station is that? On your radio station Maybe I'm a fear of what's on B. I know EFC and has EFC and radio up here Yeah, and I'm wondering why the hell you guys will be playing EFC and radio weekend when they're promoting their EFC and weekly line Because it's not because it's not in the same market. That's why Yeah, and I know because I used to work in Palm Beach on three years ago I know that it's just a constant ever going thing that you people are living Palm Beach think we're in the same market, but we're not I guess the Palm Beach range come out today usually you're pretty well, no, no We will I will find out We don't we don't get them unless somebody faxes it to us So if you get one poll, let us know Just smash the mediocre submit day. I'll be okay. Thanks a lot, pal. Hey, what do you say? 5 6 7 0 5 60 I mean, you know, it's one thing to be you know and the guy means well He wants us to do well, which is great. I'm not knocking him, but it's just to don't get so carried away about The interesting workings of QA especially on a weekend when nobody's listening anyway I mean you can't complain about our weekend ratings on QA because basically we don't have any The weekend is a throw away. We like trade it out. We give a few hours to mad dog to make a few bucks on Sunday and we give a few hours to this one We put Joe Rose on air just to keep him happy, you know just to keep him on a radio Just warming him up for the day when he comes in to go back in a morning show and that's it And the rest of the weekend and of course I left out of your good post friend Joe Costello How could you? Because I'm not into that auto racing stuff and then the golf show on Saturday more and it's you know, it's say it is what it is The weekend on any radio station when you come right down when I used to think I know this is silly Because I've only been in a business about 150 years or least I've heard him man Thousand yeah, but I used to think the weekend was like an image builder for radio stations because in a weekend A lot of people listen who work during the week or go to school during the weekend They listen to different day parts that they can't hear during the week. It's nice to think put something good on in a weekend little tracked people during the week see now you think it like a programmer. I see And of course there are two reasons that it doesn't happen is number one it makes too much sense in number two a cost money I mean most stations gonna pay anybody decent to work on a weekend Oh, no, we got an off-stations won't pay anybody good to work during the week so forget about the weekend forget about it Oh, it's big enough again about it. You know, it's really interesting. I mean a lot of you soprano people I'll mention any names here, but a lot of you soprano fans. I mean talk about our rip off How would you know how would I know what that's the soprano is a rip off of anything? They don't say forget about it on that show not as a rule get out in here I'm a soprano as they don't use that line forget about it Not really Feena boys he tell them truth through right I Here the sounds of you're crossing your fingers and legs and eyes. I don't know. I don't want to the prettals. Well, I don't either somebody will call in somebody will bring you out of the closet He's fudge and he's a rip off the soprano is not a rip off of Donnie Brasco That's point you're trying to I didn't I'm talking about a line one line don't get all the fence it now about the soprano Even though I don't like it. I'm not gonna watch it, but but that line they stole they stole a line forget about it In fact most people when they use their line most people are not on a soprano thing not Donnie Brasco I thought they were doing daddy Brasco. Yeah, right forget about it. Okay We're 24 love it at five 60 that that's a great scene where he's explaining it to FBI guys He's lying on a couch. He's explaining what it means Forget about it. We don't get this way the name will be Johnny deck. He's our kind of guy Okay, what are you other people say you're full of crap. Okay. Don't be picking on Johnny Even though River penis died of that the that loungie is out on the West Coast for years ago and he just got closed out again in Hollywood California that is forget about it. Yeah forget about it Johnny 10 41 a QAM. Hey, let me tell you right now if your carpets look like forget about it Here's the answer don't forget about it called dry concepts because that's their trick They make your carpets look brand new even if they're old and smelly and nasty They're dry just a couple of hours. They look like right new they smell limited fresh when they get done and you'll be a happy camp Ragear and see it in fact. I'll bet everybody in the building down there's life on it right now That once you use dry concepts you'd never dream of using anybody else or getting your carpets cleaned any other way because there's no better way in the world And not only your carpets, but your draper your expensive area rugs your oriental rugs your furniture You're a pulsed reat, et cetera all of these things if you have problem with pet orders or mildew orders caused by water damage Dry concepts will wave their magic wand and make them just disappear So if you really want us to punish you, I've got a guaranteed written price up front before they start doing the work Just call it the professionals at dry concepts Tool free 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1. I've been using them for over 20 years in my house. You ought to be doing the same 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1 or log out of their website at dryconcept.com don't forget when you call dry concepts You can claim today and entertain tonight Wait Where of exploding balls Tonight on Fox lock up the bagels and cream cheese and prepare for a wild ride when Fox presents when Jews attack Sponsored by the committee to a leg George W. Bush and by KFC Where you can get the new GOP bucket the GOP bucket is all white meat right wings in OH 29 95 When Jews attack Oh, but talk about the loser of Jews man this one facts you tell me this has got to be from somebody that ate too much a month's a bri over the past over holiday This is a crazy person says Neal Howard Dean doesn't stand a chance the Democrats will nominate Joe Lieberman Who may win if he can come up with a rational plan to the job situation who may win? Julebran okay, I mean what what is this what kind of drugs is this guy? Man, it says in the words of bill pen that you can bet on it They will nominate you Lieberman. I'll I'll take it right now. I will bet everybody's life in the world on it that they will not nominate you Lieberman The Democrats do have a death wish, but not that extreme of a death wish. I don't know about that trust me. All right, in fact This thing in Georgia and Albany Georgia that I read the story on Friday about the white prom all time Yeah, sorry report but go ahead and What did say well they were interviewing one of the um one of the planners one of the student planners for it and and his quote was While they're going to lead black people catering it so it's not like it's a race I saw man Right It's like saying well, yeah, we got black people is made so guys wrong with that. How can you say we're right? We got a black eye driving a bus So why the hell I'm not stick to rest them in the back I mean what kind of crap is that? But that's my point is he you people out there who really believe who are the looted and He meant it any rational enough to believe that this tremendous change is taking place in America and that Mississippi and the Carolinas and Georgia and all these other places that each out and the much of the rest of the country too including a lot of them in West Are so liberal now and so broadminded and so progressive and so unpredgidistant What the how are you talking about if you leave them in wouldn't have been on a battle without Gore last time in 2000 grow it one by so much that they couldn't have fixed the election and Then and you almost never I'm the only one in this country that I know of actually has the hoods But I'm the honesty that tell you that that's the truth Take a look at that electoral map again at the red states in the blue states, huh? Right and you'll discover that in the rule states man the Yahoo knows picking right wing Bible thump in states Some of which you're a nearly a you know, Gore would have a chance at and had no chance You called it from the start if you think that people who are Never mind it big and and I don't know that but you're not just talking about a Jew on a ballot who is a heartbeat away from the presidency You're talking about an orthodox Jew he didn't but he was almost enough to chase me to hell away This is a man who wears his religion on his sleeve. This is a man who's a right wing a piece of crap This is a man who's more militant to the behakthan and chicken officer running the country right now and we're gonna put him in there I don't think so But then a man crafts always find a way to do this whether was Michael Duke caucus who was a tough on crime But against capital punishment and he laughed him off the stage practically and then of course We put on there with with the watermindale Geraldine Ferraro who not only was a woman but had the a vowel at the end of her name She had a bowel movement Remember all those suspicions about her fair about her husband and those strange dealings up speaking about Pidani Brasco The Democratic Party has a death wish make no mistake about they had the ability to grasp the feet from the jaws of victory Better than any political party or any movement in the history of mankind. I really believe that They put in people who are guaranteed to lose guarantee to lose couldn't win a fixed election Here's a good fact from KR right on target. How could we have left out two of them? We want he doesn't mention This is how can he leave out the disgusting a horrid jury fall while who would practically blow someone in a parking lot for a few minutes of airtime I remember seeing him on CNN after NASA found the fossilized bacteria from Mars a few years ago What is this man? No about science to come in on fossils, but there it was on TV spreading ignorance and being taken seriously We're gonna put jury fall while and Pat Robertson on there. Beiner boy. I want to take it by vote Now this is a tough poll today 270 vote not that inspirational to be honest with all of it is a Monday. It's a deadly Monday obviously Michael Jackson and the Mark Garagos and Ellis Rubin each have eight during last place But let's get jury fall on Pat Robertson also care says if you can get managed to say where you'd judge packing It would be the single greatest drop in his rear radio number one with 20 bullets I didn't like that. I'm with you, KR. We'll have it on there this week sometime I would say by Wednesday when you absolutely and how many times today we're gonna play it? Not third man at least Here's a great fact that says Mr. Neil remember when you were watching bully this was based on a true story The version I saw on cable had plenty of full-fruited pubic hair nudity and and sexual scene All though much more female than male It's I guess they can tell which one is coming from with but it seems the only two things these kids had an interest in was surfing and boy That's how it did to me Since these kids were in a high school with fellas that the movie is depicting minors having sex And judging by the small titties on the main character Uh, it says I give this movie a giant thumbs up says our Palm Beach trouble maker Excellent facts. Thank you so much back to you of course all the actors are 18 and over I see so was a true story right and it happened there Right and Rachel minor the lead female she was a minor down I believe that's McCulley Coltons X-Crow front or whatever I had a mouthful of soda when you said that I'm afraid I'll over the whole damn room here I don't know why McCulley Colton leaves me sulking man Huh, Vulcan now there's something bizarre about that kid Am I right is this thing stuck this poll? Oh? No, because I'm refreshing and nothing to say I think there's something happening on our website You think that's true Carlos and I just hallucinating. That's working over here. How many votes you got? I'm refreshing 270. Okay. I guess it's just sitting there. They're just sitting on it Yeah McCulley Colton and even even I he got married he was what about 10 years old. He got married just to prove the Michael Jackson didn't convert him I guess that was her that was his wife for X-Wife. Oh, no, isn't that movie? She's he still looks the same now. He still looks like that same little Martian guy that he used to look like when he was a punk WCWAM hello Hello, yes, sir. Oh, you think I'm cold. Yes, that's how we're doing it now. Beiner boy doesn't get paid enough to answer the phone Oh, I see I see mighty 560560 by the way, they're very weak on a poll on Friday the audience is rebuilding against you. They think he's suck WCWAM hello Yes, sir. What's up, bro? How you doing? All right, you are totally right when our boys find Julie women to get on the ticket That was his death warrant he could see the fee right there right the other thing the soprano They don't say forget about it a lot So one thing that they do fail out is my don't I think they're like talking about the virgin my own my own and I call it Including the famous Spanish phrase Neil Say what? Something something dirty 560560 not a call on the board now. What just happened there? Do you see something strange happen or no? Huh, they just ran out it was going too good They just ran out of material no was not going too good. It was going okay. We had to run there for a while Did we have anybody called us on the Vixie church last night was that the concert? No, no. I already mentioned that That they had the over 15,000 in macarina only one protestor who protested by wearing a t-shirt with a message but other than that no protest no problem So it's in again, it's the media in conjunction with the chicken office now the media continue putting out these messages and Very doodifully reporting whatever you I won't watch him anymore I will not watch CNN or MSNBC in fact to prove it to you the kind of mixed messages we've had so there's the CBC right there Hey, I just won't watch it because it's not news anymore is propaganda right And when they're finished with the propaganda and another puffs story about hey here's pictures of the soldier coming back with his wife and his little baby And here's then we go to the latest story on Scott Peterson and Mark Urico's I'm serious that that line the media's sick and needs help badly That never have two of us been spoken Tammy Fay that should make uh what's his name happy? Freaky Carlos Come into Q.A.M. Hello WQM hello Yeah, we hate more than George away WQM hello Hello Yes, sir. Hey, the cop man. You're so far behind it's embarrassing and by the way President Washington just chopped out another cherry tree This is when if bush dropped Cheney and Ed Giuliani who was Democrats in the chance he says no I don't think so well that kind of negativity Dave is only gonna get you uh, you know 20 years in the slamer Don't start thinking negative okay think positive think how we're Dean think Bob Graham Think uh Alan Burke somebody positive Instead of this defeat is added to the goddamn Democrats man. What do you people gonna wake up and start sniffing it up? Yes, sniff it even if you had that multiple sniff sniffology or whatever that thing is complex WQA hello QA and hello Go ahead George W. Bush How could so many boring people being one place gravity? Wow What I'd say you don't put people on over the edge of hunger. Do I say that being a boy? How are I doing that yeah? See you said again SARS We just won't leave our fine city alone here where you haven't done an advantage yet every time you get to chance SARS sublubable Which of these people is the biggest media attention seeking who are we asked see the the pull a stuck I have to break the news do there's no way that there's no more votes coming on that thing It's just locked at 270 the pull is not going through You think that in five minutes there wasn't one more vote? No I don't want to start picking on Eric again, but your website is having some real problems up there Mr. Fat I mean Mr. Moot Mr. or whatever you are Would you agree yeah, there's something wrong there's something wrong we have thousands of people out there who are desperate flocking to their weapons to their computers. That's still stuff there. Oh My god like I said I'm going back to bed about 1057 at five 60 QM and Bob Eisenberg did he respond to what I said this morning about my good friend's time limit in Joe Pareto didn't respond. Oh You're right just like the rest of Bob just like another loser when that sales department Bob Eisenberg or guy who's there by bad hair Please don't even appreciate the fact that we turn them on a chuck out here and got them looking a little bit better Which in his case is a lot better? Anyway, they got some special Neil deals waiting for in Hall of Pontiac GMC Neil deal number one gets your percent financing for 60 months in every Pontiac or GMC in stock Neil deal number two get you up to a $4,000 rebate on every single new GMC in Pontiac in stock and Neil deal number three If you're currently a GM smart Lisa smart by customer and you drive a Chevy Blazoon holds a bravado or GMC Jimmy by or Lisa new Pontiac or GMC Get you seven extra $1,000 off the price and while you're at Hall of Pontiac be sure to trust around the all new exciting and powerful Pontiac ran pre Hall of Pontiac GMC they've been doing people right for over 35 years and at same sensational location 13413 fixie highway that's you us when across from the falls open every day seven days a week If you want more information on these Neil deals call the Neil deal hotline makes sense to me one triple eight five three four forty two eleven One triple eight five three four forty two eleven. Don't forget all Neil deals are submitted to credit approval See dealer for details and please keep in mind what Bob iceberg always says How that Pontiac GMC is professional grace Our lollipop little boy Little did it Bob through the inclusive to a rocky brothers growing up in the rocky land Cousin textbook offense that's a God Your more sense to me with your women and cars Cousin textbook offense Cousin textbook offense for the moment Thinks about his route business country's regime Well, you know who day we ought to run off to the math yes Who they say Good place to be Oh Oh You What we're lucky eleven out to at five sixty so then Samuel's breathlessly emails Macy says be sure oh yes get bully oh yeah She says it is on DVD make sure you get the dream version. I think there might be a clean version too You might also like kids by the same director, but you will love bully and then she sends me a website My pavement magazine dot com that director doesn't make a movie where he doesn't show a lot of teen flush Really really how can you wait if this long and tell me about what you about it before pavement magazine dot com slash Larry Clark dot HTML A website with photos by bully director Larry Clark. I'm gonna have to check that out during the bright thyslan How we're getting the important stuff. I noticed that our our poll is elucid up a little bit. We know what the problem was Yeah, we ran out of this space it's taken care of we ran out of this space and that space and this and that At the time when we're getting some heavy duty woolly bully stuff here That's how many hits this weekend. That's what the problem was Aha I knew it couldn't be our audience. You see this is what happens when you're dealing with a guy that's a fat tub No, what are you chocolate about you love what I represent don't you just you guys love it It's Carlos laughing and so yeah You know you see Eric is a very sensitive guy and he takes this very seriously. It's a labor of love When your arches website which he started for all he didn't really start it but he picked up the he picked up the marbles when at Julio I got deported what was his name one Julio Was it Julio yeah, for a lot of Julio is running around in so forth. I'll tell you that Really so anyway this business that you get this war go went on if the audience had any idea of this this not just Not just a confrontation but this like psychotic battle. It's like war without bullets, man. It's an express thing Next worst thing And so we were running out of this space and then see I look at the website over we can't think of what that'll happen to us What what is it we been going up and up it up like like Dave What's his name would say with a bad hair piece up up in a way Dave and boring on a marlin games got his awful and now we were running out of this space so that not what does that really do Mr. Computer expert What does that really do it let's us not add anything get any hits let people even vote Go ho My god He took care of it quickly yeah, he took care of it real fast if he knows what's good for him Damn right after all the grief he caused this a few months ago Damn right you better get that act straight enough up there in Orlando. We're gonna take away some of the breakfast the breakfasts You're doing okay, Eric don't take it brain don't call in don't call Carl Wilson started fishing at him Okay, he can't handle it anymore. This is one more call is gonna put them over the edge Let's see how long how many seconds you think before it starts right Oh We got how many votes are out to about 300 now now they're cranking in 288 say I told you which of these people is the biggest media attention seeking horror Jesse Jackson 95 L sharp in 57 hurall of 56 Nancy graces movement up to 15 good Pick on that bitch Johnny cockering an amcorder 13 haven't seen Johnny cockering that much lately. They're not that I'm complaining if you don't just leave between episodes nicely Johnny cockering at colder 13 if he's Steve can Mr. Eagle 11 Gloria all red and Michael Jackson, you have him which is interesting Because wasn't she representing that kid the rib in the beginning? Yep The one that Michael Jackson allegedly paid millions to the family to let go. We'll start up and go away correct He said check your mouth. I open up mind by shut your mouth Mark there goes nine Ellis Rubin nine Pat Robertson and Jerry Falwell just just went up on here and they'll start moving up the letter Mark my words on it Thurman Florida election fiascortons millions from files on foreigners. Oh not more fall off from that 2000 crooked election is there a Data gathering company that was embroiled in a Florida 2000 election fiasc goes being paid millions of dollars by the Bush administration To collect detailed personal information on the populations of foreign countries in raging several governments who say the records may have been illegally obtained The day they gathering company that was involved in the Florida election US government purchasing document show that the company choice point Received at least eleven million dollars from the Department of Justice last year to supply data mainly on Latin Americans you guys ready That included names and addresses occupations dates of birth passport numbers and physical description I think even including penis size shape and width Even tax records and blood groups are reportedly included Nick and I wouldn't police have rated to all I like the way I said that that was yeah I could be doing news and South law that I won police have rated two offices Suspect suspected of providing the information the Revelations threaten the shadow public trust intellectual institution especially in Mexico where the government has begun investigation The controversy is not the first to engulf choice point the company subsidiary Data-based technologies was responsible for bungling and overhaul of Florida's voter registration records Will the result that thousands of people this proportionally black were disenfranchised in the 2000 election had they been able to vote They might have swung the state and us the presidency for Ral Gore who lost in Florida as we know by a few hundred votes Legal experts in US and Mexico said choice point could be liable for prosecution if those who's supplied it with a personal information Gonna be proven to a broken local laws that raises the possibility that any person whose data was accessible to American officials could take legal action against the US government But soon for billions, okay Although that's her we're gonna have to pay it through our tax like I said don't get too pissed off Just this spit on them. That's all get one of those I They liked that and we got these idiots out there. I see it didn't make any difference who you were for what you were for Gore What you were for Bush what you were for Nader what you said to hell with all them. That's not the point The point is always screaming about these banana republics and all these fixed elections and we had one of the worst one of the smelly Isn't that even in that place in Massachusetts in Shakespeare or whatever that place was in Sharp or sharpers down They can smell that aroma they're pretty pissed off of on fact their all racing for the back row right now WCWM hello, yeah, have a cause, boy. Yeah WCWM hello What do you by the way everybody hates you like for his nester? Yes, I've missed it. I got two for your poll. Yeah, uh, remarking is it Chris Bush 567. Oh 560 pound 560 on the AT and see if a rise of our last line I can't do many movies for my list and I thought I was gonna be spending fortunes on DVDs Although you know Al Pacino and that movie probably was spent a fortunes on DVDs if it was doing in his pants What he kept saying? I missed it. I mean, I mean, you say that in the movie. I'm gonna make a Schmidt my pants He said that often that was cute Here's a fast from Bill and Miami says I can't get you on a phone. I can't get you on a phone I thought I would send you a fast to confirm your suspicions on the poll that stuck I've been trying to catch my vote for 20 minutes now In fact, maybe more like in not 20 minutes But nothing man and nothing Well, we got it straight now. Okay, Bill. So just calm down because I can see the anger the fury the desperation Racing where we're from the pages into my eyes So Jesse the extortion is Jackson gets my vote that got what step on top of a newborn child to get a cat to get to a camera Even if it was his one of his illegitimate ones you notice how that kind of like just disappeared. Yeah Another one of these reverence he can look kind of the build Bennett of religion Yeah, just he Jackson with illegitimate kid. Oh well, you know the super moralist. It's always pointing the finger And now we got that poll crank and we ran out of this space on here in aspirin. How does that happen? Carlos, I don't want you to pick on here because I'm sure we're just an accident Unless you want to how does that happen? Yeah, oh, I'll just put on the website. How are you that careless we're running out of displays? I mean, is that something that you can see how much you got left? So I don't don't Equivocator one and honest answered that how does that happen is that an oversight is that like a Schluck? I might have been you might have overlooked it. Yeah, but maybe you couldn't see over his public. Maybe that's the problem Sometimes it's hard to see over that gigantic Bulge 11 past 11 so what's that movie? I'm gonna go out bully bully. Hmm. I may be watching that's a shaft moon. You know, I'll head you growth belts favorite movie You know talk is cheap It's easy to throw around a lot of really appealing low numbers. But where comes right down to it? What can you really get we financed that? 5% 4% Maybe 3rd man forget about that how about 2.45% with the natural group. That's right within trips rates at 2.45% it really is your best bet and it's rock solid Call for an inch you group now at 1-800-940 land that's financial group at 1-800-940 land Interest rates are at all time lows line our refinance your homer buy a new homer take advantage of our sure thing 2.45% financing with the natural group What will 2.45% financing do those monthly payments yours? I'm glad you asked cuz here's the answer if you have a 200-thousand Alone you pay only 70-6 a month If you have a hundred thousand alone your payments are only 293 bucks a month so get yourself 2.45% financing from the financial group Call them tool free there's no obligation. They'll explain it to you call 1-800-940 land That's financial group at 1-800-940-lendee Equal housing lender credit restrictions apply rates of something to change monthly 5.34 APR For more chopper yeah But on nothing up there look in congratulations get a life And I'll start all the language lesson of the day repeat after me Established a stop up on tustico. Oh Tango and for me not they pay me which means last night was great Oh, I have Climity a hospital on Bagel 1150 and happy single tomorrow to our beaners out there How many do you think we have about 3rd man 560 50560 pound 560 this is some incredible news where you were that the Uxious Justin thinker bell was a mosque a tear alarm with Britney Spears and Christine Aguilar on the early 90s. Hey Justin We still hate your life boys not you like that word we nauseated by I think he's a vanishing a day Yeah He's part of a vanishing breed and we're delighted Here's the fact that says hi nominated to following to his the ultimate media horrors Michael Jordan and Madonna And you say Whatever they don't compare any of these people I think I think I had a different playing field you know, I mean they're both the all over the place But just not not in the same way but not as just a horror as opposed to you know a media horror I see and Michael Michael Michael See I'm not crazy about people at like on our station. It's always Michael you know like he has one name Well Michael is in Michael that and Tiger this and how would that you know and I put that already And a rod and pay rod and gay rod Yeah, he acted more like gay rod when he was here. I actually he did not because the gay people are out there walking around by the millions, you know how many Man, but I would say Like a pussy is what he acted like in the hotel when a range is played here last week all the other teams coming in here No problem everybody else is out there on a town doing everything. Yeah, you want an autographs You'll see he'll be the only one The rumor I was here in around the building was that muff was in on that meeting where they had the all the Sarascare bearer when Neil comes back to town. You know we have to have him quarantine for 10 days He can't come back to the building. We want to know what it is. We want to advance notice I'm gonna tell you right now they can look on a calendar and they'll see the date which is a long ways away Why do we before I'm coming back to that crap hole but they can see it and if they want they can hang out that week You know they can take the week off they can plan there are some revocations accordingly to make sure that I don't pollute them With my disease. Oh God And now the reckless back to what I was talking about before about the deep south somehow I got yeah, I'm not in my cell no seriously things haven't changed that much if you if you look at the mugwams that are running on Loose the seriously mugwams America's full of mugwams There's millions and millions of mugwams who we got about a Jew in a White House You have to be crazy. They don't even want one visiting much less so holding off. That's right God That every fly sure wait till I find out about him and I'm not talking about the part where we know about Anyway, it says on this facts here Reading a great book war in the town of piece by David Halberstein not our friend. They've halberstein But the other author who's a great author although it's main focus is the situation in the mid 90s in Bosnia and Cossable Halberstein master flees Iraq war one was playing how the ultra conservative Reagan pop of bush chicken ox Essentially pushed out moderate Republicans who always gave major importance to America's need to act in concert with other nations when considering using military power Highly recommended war in the time of peace. I'm gonna go out and get that by day. How per stay, and I'm also gonna get bully bully bully You think I'm gonna be singing bully bully after I see bully bully? You'll be seeing something Maybe I'll go blind I think I can go here on your pulse five six seven. Oh, I saw you and speaking of Donnie Brasco You know as we had a couple of facts is including a great facts from 18 nobody in the audience has seen Donnie Brasco has any opinions on it Nobody has got a same or different opinion on Pachino's acting job, and I move see there's certain institutions that you must not criticize Right like the Catholic church and I know he's Catholic too because his name ends in a oh Like Robert denier. Oh, yeah, there's another one same thing right Excellent actor, but in some cases, I mean just pathetic He's made some movie that I wouldn't wish on Hitler and Eva Brown. I mean just some awful stuff But it's that's state of mind thing if you're lucky enough to become a state of mind No matter what you do it's beyond reproach and it has to be Worked like Picasso. I'm sure he painted some crappy stuff like most of it to be honest. Yeah. Thank you Come into QAM hello Yeah No, come on Really what he say them Why would he say what Jesse Jackson? Who do you say? Maybe met Michael Jackson Jesse Jackson leading with a hundred and six votes The biggest media hoard who just every every opportunity is there with us push right in front of your face Jesse Jackson's leading with a hundred six that was quick. The guy just mentioned his name Heralos got 66 al sharp than 66 Nancy Grace 19. It's only a three horse racer at the moment and quarter 15 at bitch Michael Jackson 14 else Ruben 14 Johnny's Conquerant 14 Mr. Ego King 12 Glory all right 11 a change in again. I hate that when it hops away from him Mark Garagos 10 Full ball seven or Robertson two they just went on there out of 361 votes it'd be a lot more than that being a boy if somebody wouldn't have screwed up our disc space Oh, no you fact this to me a while ago. I saw this over the weekend A while about George while is this how do you pronounce his name while or while he I had it W y I guess while I should have waited a while before putting the son of the pressing George wild died. He was 87 I guess that's old enough 400 songs that he wrote including the theme from killer design on which I'm gonna play if I can find it think I got it somewhere. Let me see No, I want the pristine to clean one not the 30 one No Just playing everything with Gilligan in front of it We got Gilligan's pot Just Gilligan. I bet you I got it here somewhere Television's greatest hits now. What would you call that crap? Just under crap Well, look at all the shows listed under crap Is that a crime time sitcom? I guess it well Go on or pile hey, that's close enough. Hold in sir. I shouldn't go on or pile. I got piles watching that I don't think you're looking Simon. I'm gonna have what could be wrong. Huh? What are those two discs? It is well, what would it be? We're mid-morning sitcoms the end of the family Beverly Sure mid-morning sitcoms one. Hillbillies Gilligan's Island. I'll be gosh dang. How do you like that is that greater what in honor of this guy? I mean, it's a horrible show Nobody would admit they ever wash it when they was at the one with John Denver. Yeah John Denver or his brother Bob Denver. I mean Bob while same difference same guy I think That's enough. What? That's it how long? I never have the other thing in there. See you're gonna have to do it. I want to have two to go. Yeah, I will have two next See he's trying to like orchestrate. He wants to be the puppeteer boys that grow want to do He wants to pull all the strings. He wants to be like the godfather pull the strings I'm just another pestinavante Five six even some of the words if you don't know what they mean it does not hit the difference because they're so good They just did that's because of the Italian language is so colorful, you know colorful So anyway, if you think that we're gonna put some dark folks in a white house and some Jews man you But I think again You think let me ask Robert for all what happened because colon Paul is just Even though he did cave in and sell out. He just not coming from the same place the same juncture as The rest of the chicken out crowd. He's neither one of them But do you think that if bush put colon Paul just as example on a yabal on the next time you think he could win? Because there would be a lot of black people that probably would vote certainly more than voters for bush last time But there'd be an awful lot of other people devoted for bush would say I don't think so Even that light complexion you'll see You'll see you folks out there that really believe America's changed all that much. Maybe there was some laws that have changed We know that Oh this crowd would like to undo a lot of those and they're working feverishly to do as many as they can Just answer it San Thor'm a hilltaya San America man five six seven oh five six. We're asking for a list for our movies movies that I should go out and buy on DVD Movies that are must see that aren't like you know wildly no movies, but that are really great We getting calls on Donnie Brasko no WQAM hello Yes, sir, I got a pair for you. Okay, Bob cook What is it? Bob cooks oh you mean for our I'm my Sam on the other thing that I just was talking about now Bob puts his he's gone He's dead me It's been got make a ping on there. No, M.O.P See what what is what is wrong with these people go to the understanding which don't they get it? No, I don't they understand the language no They're pinker peckin is not a media how we almost never see him thank the Lord. Thank goodness. We're not complaining Just keep it quiet. Okay. He'll start popping up again with a little bird on his shoulder who's the name used to be one many Eta oh my god They don't get it no You have any idea how yes you do But I mean just it's just so deflating and depressing. I mean I think I think that I articulate these things well I spell them out. I draw a diaphragm. I you know practically lead them by the nose put their nose right on the Grandstone and they still don't get it That's okay. I don't take it personal because they're Friday's payday Friday's payday clearance. I just mentioned that in passing But you realize how the clock is like ticking along ticking along yeah For you know it'll be my application and it'll be that summer schedule. We go on on that you don't want we start to summer schedule No the fourth of you lie which I wouldn't be working at day anyway how about that And then George will be on three times a week and then they're really gonna be psychotic You know a whole bunch of days during the summer. I'm more than that. Why would you do that to them? Despite called payback paybacks a bitch Get even with them for years of uh, let's see titles with the keyword teenage sex What is wrong with you people are you crazy or why? No Boy look at that Bring them young. That's the same some of these like uh, no some of these are starting to sound a little yeah, you know what I mean? Yeah, I know pornographic Bring them young I wonder if Steve Young ever saw that one Boy is number two on this list. Oh, I see these. This is like some kind of a survey some kind of a poll I And can park Larry Clark from know what is Larry Clark some kind of like a He's the director and he likes uh hot young vibes I see and I want to be what could be wrong with that if they're at least legal age At least look legal. We are wasn't right. We don't know we're not checking ID. He does That's good 11 27 at 560 WQM here's something to check and that is that big Hop again, sometimes if you run another this space in your computer your stomach is so fat You can't see over it. You don't realize until it's too late, and then all those important emails you be looking for They're not coming in right Right, so the answer is lose the weight the easy delicious way with balance for like you know who lost a lot of weight and balance for like I was just thinking about this Jeff Cohen oh, that's right old pony sale over there pizza log He was telling me I don't remember what the number was how many pounds he lost on about third man He lost a lot of weight on balance for life and he loves it and you will too because this is the easiest way You don't have to cook you don't have to count calories or carbohydrates. You don't have to shop You don't have to do anything except pick up your sack Just pick up your little black sack which they deliver right to your door They they even do the liver and for you don't have to go anywhere Just write to your door and pick up your sack inside is all the food you need for that day They give you a many each week and you pick between two choices for each meal. I read it in Toronto program And in the sack there are three gourmet meals two delicious nights nothing frozen No artificial ingredients no preservatives no crap just fresh delicious goodies and believe me it'll keep you satisfied all day long You're hunger will disappear and so a lot of that disgusting fat So if you try to have all the cracked diets if you're tired of the fads if they just are working for you If you're tired of having no energy and looking like crap and being diabetic on all these other bad things Like balance for life finally help you lose that weight. You're what you're self to give it a try called balance for life at nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine nine five four five six eight 3229 or visit them on at wicked web and balance for life dot com You have mercilessly taken the following material out of context without endorsement or permission from those depicted It is our ongoing mission to make everything that is good and decent look as ridiculous as possible We hope we reach that goal or at least major line Do you really expect people to believe that an eight and a half month pregnant woman learns her husband is having a fair And this casual about it? No, no, but I have absolutely nothing to do with her disappearance But I asked him to go back to the day of her disappearance and to trace his steps that morning There was one report that a neighbor had seen you loading something into a vehicle Did you load anything into a vehicle? Well, yeah anything large My wife, Lacey, did you murder your wife? That's right It was my hand now and it all over them. They did yeah When 2020 returns What kind of marathon it was? Lager next It's so level 32 is anybody care about Scott Lacey Peterson? Oh, I sure hope not Pam website that Linter me onto that paper magazine and Larry Clark that's such chicken porn is what that is that's crap. I mean, I'm sorry Lin you're just a horny old troll is what I would like to say nothing wrong with that, but Have you looked at it? No, well you wouldn't be interested anyway In fact, I think we better take that off the website. We're all gonna go to jail at any rate 567 anybody seen Danny Brasko? Oh In fact, they're the calls today the non-secreters have been a perfect example of having no trip for 27 years plus in this market and this is like a textbook is an example What about Jesse Jackson for the poll, okay? 404 votes be a lot more than that Carlos if I wasn't for the problems and Jesse Jackson got 122 her while the end Al Sharpe needs has 75 after that. It's very tiny potatoes In fact, I think that's what I just saw in that website. Look like two tiny potatoes 567.0560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line the audience will not relent man. They will not budge WQAM hello 567 Yes, sir. Yeah, how are you? Good. I got a long story you're with another long story story I'm walking over there just you just inspired me to tell you've got to get a kick out of the take to Okay, I Want to cruise with my wife we were just for that on my amy and the casino don't open for 530 till they get out of a certain Right, you know, so I was getting antsy so I worked in it and walked around before the police opened up Yeah, it is big boys tell me hey, they don't offer to 530 I used to be a tough guy from Brookham so I tell her I said hey, what are you talking? You know, we're trying out to be The active play the recovery Really I swear to God the only thing different about the way you're up to you is there was long Grand curly bought these a year that's what I said and my wife is a there's a tie in chief of Italy So she spoke on the and Italian but the guy had no personality. What's there? She's good there. I'll add a mate He's a scary story guy That's a good news don't call you on I am all in and grateful that you have invited me to your daughter wedding Montana Where's he from 567.0560 pound five 60 on a guarantee he's dead You figure oh yeah Big fat guy like that. I'm pretty sure he was I heard he hung out with leaf gear it WQAM hello WQAM hello Yeah, yes, I Another terrible movie Was in Sonic the act we robbing William yeah When he was real lazy I've never just perfect for him so he was sleeping and dopey the whole time Who was in it? Rob more years in who and the casino? Oh, but you know was in yeah, there's a sleeping movie is in Sonic the act Perfect for Peking it's the only with the sleepy and old now I see yeah right exactly like he didn't die Nebraska we looked at old and tired. That's weird With a great movie form. There was a terrible quarantine for that and that was himself Hey something else real quick Neil I guess you're opinion on this you know with an outcharptons It's there and I'm a Democrat but without sharpens it's there Then somebody had to distance himself from that clown just one of the guys stand up and just Just stay away from them. They you know these are clowns. I don't want to be standing here with this guy Well, what do you know about that what are they gonna do run to the back of the room or so? Maybe shove him into back of the room? Yeah, that was a good idea. We could shove him out somewhere We would be as long as he's standing there makes everybody make the flip like such fool Because I thought he had the only funny lines of the part that I saw. Listen have a great day, paly I thought he had a couple of funny lines. What do I know? He's a second place with a rollover. There knows to know is side by each 407 votes Congratulations everybody on the radio station gave you funny side the durry 14 dollars and change right? Everybody on the station given them a name. I should have been We got squeezed back at the start. You know nothing worse. We got squeezed back Yeah, then those are the two words to describe tired and old that's what Petina looked like in Dani Brasco tired and old and I mean really just I don't know I guess maybe that was what the character he was supposed to play was terrible but not a corner of the director So the guy was a very snappy dresser and he didn't wear a hat and the had very neat hair and you know, it's like a different guy Jill Nelson MSNBC contributor writes a mean spirited America These days a sense of apprehension and foreboding works in the back of my head and the pit of my stomach She says it's a gut wrenchy reminder that something very bad is happening is about to happen a new It's an anticipation of the next insult in injury in an America that's been defined into the bushing administration by a profound meanness of spirit The evidence of this overwhelming meanness of spirit is everywhere abroad and at home Even the administration's efforts to justify the war in Iraq is one of liberation and declare victory Cannot mask the human cost to American troops and their families how many thousands of Iraqis are dead Where are they ridiculously named weapons of mass destruction that post used to justify this invasion? Witness the looting of pressless antiques Keats and cash from Iraqi museums and Sodom Hussein's Pelluses and Holmes allowed and participated not only by Iraqis the members of the American armed forces and their embed fellows in the media Get to question this war and it's aftermath as characterizes the worst treason in at best anti-merk and Citizens and we'll want to those who criticize Haliburton Kellogg Brown and Root and the rest of the corporate sponsors of the question administration is They line up at the drop of government contracts to rebuild Iraq and control its oil Now the armed forces in Iraq have turned a shooting Iraqi demonstrators the very people is supposedly came to liberate with democracy Here on the home front our email communications both store purchases even our public library with draws are open A government surveillance the attorney General Lankton's the arm of government repression every day Seeking the right to revoke an American citizenship if he alone decides the words or deeds Followed in his definition of treason Slowly chipping away at our civil rights and democratic rights The internal revenue service analysis. It'll scrutinize the returns of the poorest taxpayers those claiming the earned interest tax credit This is a credit offer to taxpayers who earn under $35,000 for a family of four and an averages less than $2,000 The Bush administration wants to spend a hundred million dollars to go after these Working poor Americans and searcher fraud rather than concentrate on corporations according to some estimates Be fraud the government by tens of billions of dollars every year and One of the move in many states to grotesque our severely cut back Medicaid benefits to the 50 million people that program currently ensures The move never result in the loss of insurance cut in benefits and increasing on a unhealthy population and Unemployment in the awful school system and systemic poverty and gun violence the list goes on This is President this as President Bush Chris costs as a country like a snake roll salesman in an effort to sell his tax cut program One never again reward the wealthiest Americans and increased the tax burden on the poor middle class This after already pushing through a tax cut two years ago that failed to stimulate economy But succeeded in resurrecting a deficit that the end of the Clinton administration year before was a surplus Meanwhile here in our great democracy Americans go along with a program or remain silent two afraid of the Muslim Booky man thousand miles away to recognize the Christian ones in our midst Fearful that will be verbally attacked or shunned or lose our livelihoods if we dare question the meanness that characterizes our government and increasingly the fines are national character I do not feel safer now they did six or 12 or 24 months ago in fact I feel far more vulnerable and frightened than I ever have in my 50 years on a planet It is the United States government. I'm afraid of unless in two years the Bush administration has used the attacks of 9-11 to May have manipulated our fear of terrorism and desire for revenge into a blank check to blatantly pursue imperialist objectives Internationally and begin the rollback of the Constitution and Bill of Rights and most of the advances of the 20th century It's none too early to be in organizing for the 2004 elections each of us spends take a hard look at the changes that have been brought by the administration Internationally and domestically and ask ourselves is this the democracy that we cherish We must hold our elected officials accountable and make them take a stand against when increasing looks like Fascism if they will not we must vote them out of office Three years ago before the bloodless coup de tada that made George W. were present America was a far from Perfect nation yet there was the possibility almost gone now that a country might evolve into a place They lived up to its loftiest democratic rhetoric today I live in an America that makes my stomach rate and fills me with terror a nation run by greedy frightened violent bullies It's time to take our country back before it's too late. She'll know some journalists teacher and author Begurukentruida MS and BC dot com what a great article huh? Excellent Outstanding I caught their show over the weekend too, by the way The Muslim bookie men video. Yeah, pretty good For the monsters in it Just steady five six seven 05 60 pound five 60 on a AT and T and Verizon wireless line 20 till noon if you am mad dog and the hump or both of their shows from the dolphins Gulf term tonight at today whenever the hell it is don't forget where you judge packing Don't forget I'm sure you couldn't we if you wanted to you can never get hey mother's days this Sunday Don't forget that and our friends have Vermont teddy bear been busy handmaking some great new little bears Your mind life and grandma deserve something extra special this year show them how much you appreciate them by sending an authentic Vermont teddy bear She will receive a beautiful bear personalized just for her and delivered with a free card and gourmet candy and a couple gift box They've got great bears like the spa mob bear Moms biggest fan with a new queen for a day bear That it's your job to get the gift from the kids for mom and a mother and cup set is a perfect idea You can add as many cups as you need with their names embroidered on the outfits It's more creative and thoughtful and flowers and unlike those flowers which are did a no time at all Usually just a matter of hours the bear will last a lifetime So call one eight hundred eight two nine bear and a friendly bear counselor The hope you tell her a bear just for her So she'll know you put some real thought in your gift you won't believe you're actually gonna get ordering is quick and easy Just call tool for a one eight hundred eight two nine bear or shop online and Vermont teddy bear dot com this year Thank you for all she does for you with a Vermont teddy bear one eight hundred eight two nine V-E-A-R Sports radio five six E-W-A-M Idiot just sick a neat cop dad when it comes to reality TV romance fox television is in a class by itself The network that brought you married by America and Joe millionaire has taken things to a new level with another hit reality series We've taken a good look in successful single man and turn his world upside down with 20 masks barnyard animals For Mr. Beast theality, you know when they done put them mask on them their animals I had no clue how this was gonna turn out. I can tell you I'm having some of the most tender romantic not some my love I had this much fun my last trip dollar come on over here. You little critter This is a beast the hour. It's a whole new animal of a reality series all the non-fox 145 at five sixty wk a m Jesse Jackson 133 is the biggest media horror Al Sharpton 83 180 Michael Jackson and Kota reach have 23 Nancy Grace 21 Ellis Rubin and Johnny cocking 14 everybody else small potatoes California on FX tonight Yeah, do I get FX? No, no, so I'm gonna go on get it Yeah, there's nothing there is nothing like going out in these movies on DVD because like I said in the beginning when you give me that DVD Play right at an eye just wasn't in with that much Well, you know that you lies What is on those DVDs all right extra stuff all the extras and the director you can you can listen to the director If you want you can put the audio with this comments on to the entire movie, which would drive me nuts because I shut that up But you can listen to it and then the interviews After you watch the movie preferably right and just a much of good stuff deleted scenes Everything right like the deleted scene of Johnny and his bathing suit and that The Johnny Grasco nobody will talk about Johnny Brasco with me because they assume that well Johnny Depth was in it's what's a fact thing. What does that have to do with it? Okay? That's not why I like them He was in blow to and guess what it did blue And Edward Cisrhans that I watched that. Oh hell no, she's been in lots of pretty Girls, which is and oh God exactly and I was the one with a with the spikerel Oh, cry baby cry babies. I wouldn't wish that on the hair-mongering. I want to run for a few minutes of my life Did I you know the chance I gave it I want those back Here's line nine, which is always special. W to Q a.m. Hello And you I think that the usual suspects definitely a movie should get let me ask you something one thing What did I redo to you? What I Oh, that was great 560505060 my psychic apphouses so good now before I press the button. I know who it is. This is special man Dammit WQ a.m. Hello. Hey, no, yes, sir Besides what you were talking about on the DVDs There's some things that are embedded in the DVDs some video call these directs of the eart about those These two eggs yeah Easter eggs there There are little Outcakes or special messages on a DVD have to learn how to unlock them There's like 15 or 20 movies that have them embedded in the in the DVD up to scroll to a certain place on the On the Special features and then yeah highlight a certain area and press a certain key on your remote control and you're able to access extra things on a DVD Most people won't don't know about well while why aren't we supposed to know about them? Well, it's you're not it's just a little special thing they throw in there for people that are a two-to-to-to-to-to Kind of thing I just I don't understand. I don't get it. In other words if you're spending a money for it That's one of your 30 bucks or whatever you're spending Wouldn't you think that they would tell you all the different neat nifty things that are monitors you're going by some more? Yeah, but there's also things you can only unlock with a DVD rom too on a computer that you can't watch on it on a you know ordinary DVD Well, I know that but they tell you about that on the back of the right How do you think I don't know if that's the The production company that's with them in I don't think it's anything really to do with movie Come to per se and they throw them in there. I guess are you down hackers to figure out and also The hackers yeah, oh hackers yeah hackers. Just as a I'll put no to the reason why DVDs So which has been anything it's the quality of the picture if you you plan to a good progressive scan DVD play on a digital television the project is incredible compared to anything you can get a digital cable or satellite Absolutely Andy audio so it's I made the switch about a year ago to Started out with a little hope to get an out of got my first firstborn child in the thing and I love it I don't go to the movies. I wait for the stuff on DVD Good choice. Okay. Thanks a lot. I love you. Shout out. Yeah, love you too. Thank you Easter eggs man. What do you say Easter eggs? What Carlos? I was hoping to see Johnny Dips Easter eggs last night, but then he got nervous because that guy near port squeeze him. Yeah, so you always thought as basket Thanks to raskin that Easter egg thing that's from the the video game generation Yeah, whole bunch of video games would do stuff like that. They would hide stuff and unless you knew some special code or did some special control move I'm sure it's the same programmers really. Yep. Well, what kind of crap is that? If I go out there and spend my 30 or 32 bucks for a nice new DVD. I want no all the good stuff that's on it I don't want to feel like some schmuck disk because I'm not as computer literate as some other people I'll mention no names Tech snob's Tech snob's I like that text knobs. I used to call him computer nerds, but text knobs is even better Remember text knobs used to have a great the hit Great country and Western hit five six seven. In fact, he'd be great with the Dixie six featuring Yeah, as the opening act text knobs. Yeah, any kind of rocking knobs. Yeah Can do a Debbie's knobs. That would be Q AM hello. How you doing? Yes, sir? Yeah, how come you only read that time story that agree with you? I don't disagree with your pigeons. Oh That's a tough question. I'm gonna start a fact. I'm gonna start doing I did what I'm gonna start doing what I'm gonna do is show And we all kinds of stuff that I disagree with now I think you read it like it's back to stop because some stupid holler on this No, no, I I tell you who the communist was I tell it. I tell you who the communist was you moron you screaming idiot And you can either agree with him or not that's all. I don't just read him anonymous. I tell you what was you can consider the source I'm gonna I'm gonna do like rush. I'm gonna start putting all people on a disagree with me All right, as matter how come people like this asshole only expect those of us who are to the left of it till of the hunt Or the only ones were supposed to do that but all the right wing Nazis on a year the Ditto heads They can put all the lives of blue crap on a one and nobody's ever supposed to question it's kind of like the government If you weren't all order transcripts of the rush show and you can read those oh my god How come I only read stuff on here that stuff that I agree with that that's like saying how come on your website You only puts stuff on here from like liberal websites Ah, and you only have a link so maybe we can have a link to rush. What do you say? Or maybe the uh, some another crap Give me a freaking break See I'm starting to think we ought to take the don't we have a link under to the fudge report? Yeah, I'm starting to think we ought to remove that what are they gonna get from that? Oh, we could relabel it That's a good idea the fudge report Oh, no Richard Pearl why does somebody Was sending me this And then again, this is that same kind of a Tommy pickle left like I can't do this on a year sir Gonna get that last guy off set again. He wants me to read some good right wing propaganda like mine comp would be good What an idiot. What do you only go to places you like? Yeah, how come you only go to restaurants? You like how come you only talk about movies that you saw? See a church oh my god, what a nutjob 567. Oh 560 pound for anybody out there see Danny Brasko See you you don't want to come out of the movie. I enjoyed it, but it's not one of those movies anybody saw nobody saw I thought everybody saw it honey Brasko everybody. I know I forget about it. Oh Come at your QAM hello WDQAM Hello, yes, sir. Yeah. Hi speaking. Oh speaking Bill yes, sir. Did you hear about Bill Bennett? What do you do? He got busted for Game when eight million dollars over two years. No. Yeah, and I'll be damn It looks like Mr. Lard as virtues is a little bit of a hypocrite. I'll be damn I'll have to check out that thanks for the tip on that hey Carlos. Yeah, Carlos. Guess what we better check on that We only hit it on what two hours ago 567. Oh 560 pound 560 on a AT&T Verizon wireless line and president like and still got a bad headache and he sure's all hated that play You said it had a good beginning, but he didn't like the end of something like that and type like that WQAM hello He said you have a sea have a hole in ahead to go to see that play WQAM hello Let me ask you this how come we don't have our engineers working on these phone lines An additional which no matter how talk you try to fast it is the how I'll talk you try to fast It isn't gonna make any difference no they think that it's gonna they're gonna be on like a The message yeah Try like like that see if that works K-W-A-M hello Yes Had The call Bit Mars Who? Big Mars thick Mars. Yeah, who's that? That's Clinton's former But more a stick Morris right okay Oh take that in their consideration. Thank you. Do I want to put Dick Morris on there? No, no Dick Morris you see he's an all-a-talkin head the Sunday shows you know Dick Morris who's all of a sudden a board again all over the place are Clinton vassier Dick Morris you must watch Fox news again. We don't have anybody watch his Fox news Five six seven why do you keep saying things that you believe Yeah, let's start saying things that we think are fun. I think President Bush is the best right I think Donald rumskilled man is the answer to the future of the world. Oh I think John Ashcroft is the great humanitarian. Okay I think Bill Bennett means every damn thing he says But don't bet on it You hear about that story? No, I guess you died Dr. Rackens though You know this story that you've facts me from the New York Times about the eating of an eating plan Yeah, I didn't know about they got him at the by Verland clinking board and that's a real name Verland the bottom of it's all chopped off in addition Which these people don't want to hear about you know Nick Mac Death and about oh they don't want to hear that stuff. They want to hear about good food They like they like their child. They like being fat They don't like being fat but they're just too lazy. I'm about it like me There's skinny people have no interest in the fat people don't want to hear it. You're ruining their time All right, so forget about it We're gonna talk about Donnie Brasko all day today and all week long. We're gonna do Donnie Brasko week forget about it Hey, it is a sensational movie and like I said the one facts we had to put plantation on the map with at the Club that they opened a gut busted real fast by traffic hot days people There's a true story great good movie go out and see it or not as the case maybe I really don't care at this point Okay, I'm just exhausted Exhausted from trying to wrangle one person with whom it and it's like life in South Florida try to find one person You could have like an intelligent conversation with about about you fill in the blank anything in a one-to-one It is just fill in the blank can't do it Sally See Godfather endless endless wood trivia questions about the godfather and I'm not saying that Donnie Brasko was the godfather Good, but it was certainly of the same genre right and sir I am from I'm money. I'd rather see that than I would never watch good fellows again. I've seen about a whole bunch of About third man. Yeah, and it was a good movie, but there's so many things I could knock about that it just it just drives up the wall I do like the part where we're dinner Where dinner was showing his wife where to go to get the the fur the main right jackets Now Rick right down there right. I don't think so. I don't Don't think so That's a great scene 157 at five 60 WC away I'm let me tell you about a fantastic the number one Asian buffet in the world. It's the animal coast in sunrise North Miami Beach and the newest location in prestigious pepper pines It's the perfect place to put a smile on that special lady in your life your mom on his mother's day Sunday May 11 start out your mouthwatering your experience with one or more six different great soups and sampled dozens and Zidians of succulent entree I'm sure the man your strip made a word on a gourmet center of sizzling Asian grilled wood grilled shrimp Scampy style jumbo scallops wrapped in bacon Dungeon as crab and ginger and scallions and handcar primary cook to your order and be sure look for the new Oriental chicken salad too The animal coast for most healthy living because they don't use any crap so many Chinese restaurants give you headache because they loaded up with MSG and cornstarch They do use any of these horrible things that are most close to make a cook only with cholesterol for your world The buffet features a full salad bar sushi bar and fresh room cocktail and because your mom deserves it Amocost features a full dessert station featuring pies cakes pastries ice cream lawyer favorite toppings and fresh fruit to So if you want to take an unforgettable mother's day meal thing This is the place to do with Amocost with three locations sunrise pineapple or 44th street Collins Avenue just know the 163rd North Miami Beach and the intersection of flamingo and pepper quotes in pepper pines book now from others Day this Sunday May 11 because reservations are going fast all size parties welcome. Let them do the cooking for you Take out of the resolve of always available to call nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two nine five four five seven eight At two say it again five seven two thirty eight twenty two for information on the air mouth coast a great place to take mom and a whole gang this Sunday My This is Hey, I'm fra al iliana Russian laden and I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla as with soap made from juice and listening to the meal Okay, I'm gonna use the hour Oh Oh One past 12 one. I'm gonna pass the big-out when the big-handed's a little handy You know, it must have it off a lot of time on our hands because she also knows about the Easter eggs. Thanks, Lynn Do you know that there's a I'm a website there's a wet wet wet. What's it called? What am I on? One moment please Easter eggs.com This is okay DVD DVD Easter eggs.com and then there's a thing here listing where it's got the tap 25 and you go to it And it shows you not takes it's gonna take me meant to get that back on it, but it it shows you how to find them How are we supposed to know about these thing? I guess that's so what our audience is there for right right Top 50 qualifying eggs have a minimum of 150 votes CKY4 latest and greatest Momento limited edition Momento You ready for that? Yeah, I Got to get that and then when you click it on it tells you how to access the other here are the five eggs including that I got to move my mic including the special chronological version of the movie the easiest way to get to them It's his first before you know how to get to these drugs. You need to know how to get to the regular features first. Well, we know that It's fairly easy just select one of the following pictures and keep selecting choice. See on each question to get to the feature see and it goes through a whole song in the dance An anime of a scene Sundance feature at skull shooting script book and it's got all the directions here on how you find the eggs Oh my god, and this is who the hell knew that this was gonna be so complicated. Who in a right mind has got this much time on your hands? You know I'm saying You're authoring your via DVD and you can like lock yourself in and spend the whole day like a video game Exactly exactly So I just mentioned that and until this day till this moment I thought it was a bozini I never heard of that did you ever hear Easter? Didn't tell you it's right. How do you like that? Oh, we know it We're just to fun on you. Okay, we know it and I know it supposedly very technically up to date kinds of people right Who's still on a crap? So this is a very in thing which we're now letting the audience in we're almost as hip as the more Howard David a trip. That's right Letting people in on our eggs 567. 0560 Pond 5 it's almost I don't know what the word is for it's bizarre, you know Really bizarre it's like if you went into a restaurant for dinner And they told you well if you if you like look under the Lizonio you'll find buried way underneath it. There's like pork chops They don't tell you they had the food somewhere in the restaurant and you got to figure out where it is right that's right Or like you go into the bank. We're not gonna tell you where the money is But if you can find it it's yours kind of like that Our pull on the arraggies.com today which of these people is the biggest media attention getter hounder seeker horror Jesse Jackson's winning a landslide 145 Al sharp in 89 Huraldor Rivera 83 And colder see somebody's gonna say it's a racial thing because we got just the announcement on their one two It's a racial thing isn't? Yeah, sure Huraldo 83 he's right on Alzast though and Quarter 25 Michael Jackson 23 Nancy Grace 21. I'm glad to see she moved up that bitch God I hate her Ellis Ruben 16 mr. Bgo Kane 15 Johnny's cockman 14 Paddabukhoria all red 14 Mark Garagos 10 Jerry fall while eight in pararabitson four How come fall by I know we put it on late, but he should have a lot more than eight And then and just like that fact said every 10 they put him on or you wonder what does he do when I'm Discussing this it's always like a out of place, you know right to put like who it? But I mean what is what is he doing on here having some kind of like like he is an expert on this Which he's not the matter what is tell the stick to at the teletovies and the three French hands 567 0560 pound five this Easter egg thing is just See there's only so many hours in the day you don't see and you can only do so many things It's mind blowing WQAM hello You know about them as How about them? What do you think he's a meteor horse when does last time you saw him? Yeah, exactly 567 0560 pound five 60 haven't seen him in a long long time not that I'm complaining We're talking about now like now like these days not not like an ancient times now got it they got it no They don't got it WQAM hello QAM hello Hey, they had a big story on CNN about those Easter egg get in said now I did not see that I don't watch CNN I know that was the joke, but I saw it on there about a month ago Yeah, all kinds of people things you can find on DVD really Yeah There's like the portal some of my things No, I don't think so 567 0560 pound five 60 like I said there are some people out there with way too much time on their hands So in and trying to find like a convenient list. Yeah, I find that it's not just DVDs computer software audio CDs computer books on disk All of the things have Easter eggs in them. Oh, no Why I don't know I mean I I guess it's like you know what's all he's like the Masonic large right It's like I was like a secret fraternity a Secret organization and only those people on the inside the real techniques only those people are once posted nobody and the rest of us old foe He's like me in George We're running outside looking in missing all that good stuff WQAM hello WQAM hello Almost their Indian callers playing that's a tar WQAM hello Hmm, WQAM hello. Do you pick any taxes? Oh, God WQAM hello Hey, I got a media horror. Yeah, that's even thorough Yeah, he'd be a good one now we'll put him on or make you happy just even true Okay, cuz we like him so we'll put him on or just just to pacify that other guy How come you only read articles that you agree with? That could be the dumbest call of all time. I moved had a lot of infractors in last few seconds But that could be one of the most stupid calls in history Because we feel like it I'd be like that cuz I feel like it cuz it's my show and I'll read whatever it'll I want or read okay? schmuck WQAM hello You need to see that's a question on two by what is it? What what he said I didn't hear a word You said you need to see right and we'll get it. Oh, can't man do can't man go Stigiting lays palay, okay? Spigiting lays cut the crap WQAM hello How are you doing okay? I am my kids mom I have a question who's the bigger guy as Randy or Jim WQAM hello How about that local no talent cash to bono down there that guy's an Eagle maniac? Yeah, one's the last time we seen him oh my god he's on that go drive for some stupid Rock concert last week and he's doing some dumb cloaking show no no I mean stop again and think of the names that are on this list and he's talking about cash to an overseas Too many of you people do you need to get out of town once in a while, you know get out of town every now and then So always Rick Sanchez cash done all Bob Coonsin the same little cash to the miss fits okay I mean we got Ellis Rubin and Mr. Eagle on there because obviously they've got years and years of experience of Oring the media and do everything they possibly can to continue doing it But some of these people are just you're saying what's the what's the use? What's the point? What is the point? Muslim boogie men What time is it that can be 560 50560 pound five 60s we continue to search the desperate search and then into one hour for somebody with something to say Yeah, I thought that we get a whole bunch of movies that I should go out and buy on DVD We got three and you gave me one of them California and But momento and bully and then you gave me the other one and you when you come up with bully or somebody I'll talk to you about bully for a long time you just put it out of your head Why is that I don't know why like when I saw it I was Raving like a lunatic about it to everyone who would still long enough really yeah and Momento so I guess it's three that that's your kill couple of days for me Of course now make you like a whole week now that I have to look for those Easter eggs I found a good site yeah Eggs e eggs dot com Okay What is that is that DVDs or more more stuff you can browse the archives for computers movies music TV books and art And you click on each one of those and it takes you to the sub listing of all of the the eggs how to find them and All right now I'll ask it is the stuff on I don't know I'm asking you because you didn't hear about until the five months ago To right but the stuff that we're gonna find on these DVDs and these movie DVDs What is it gonna be I know it has this one I followed one through just because of a Dvd that I knew that I had which is blue velvet and one of the Easter eggs in there is David Lynch's commentary about a breakfast special at some restaurant somewhere For an example Yeah, I thought like like Carlos or whoever was the caller was explaining it can be any kinds of things it can be a different version of the movie in some cases A different version of the same move that's what some of this stuff is saying in its entirety right I mean it just makes it I don't know how they do that just jump around the disk in a different order or something I don't know I'll be gosh dang From it's past noon at five sixty W to Q if you don't lose some of that weight you won't be right long enough to watch your Easter eggs I'll tell you that guarantee of that fat kills man if you're tired of being out of shape Leathergic diabetic looking like a tub wearing those big baggy clothes those clown pants Here's the answer lose the weight with balance for life Like I said only moments ago it seems Jeff Cohen lost a lot of weight imbalance for life and our little friend there are a little wobbling friend who'll be unmatched and full from now on He lost over sixty pounds they could be doing a lot better except he's a lazy slob You can do it if you've tried all the other ways to lose weight and you've been unsuccessful if you're frustrated if you really have to desire to lose it This is one of the easiest ways I can think of because there's a piece of cake on your part You don't have to do much of anything the only choices you make are that little menu You fill out the beginning of each week two choices for each meal and snack every day that's run a program And they deliver right your door a black sack and inside three gourm meals two delicious snacks no artificial ingredients nothing frozen no no crap And wait just pours off your body and believe me those five Meals in air that the three meals and two snacks will keep you full all throughout today So that balance for life. I'll be finally lose that weight once and for all call 954 or 568 3029 954 5 6 8 3229 are check out their worldwide website at balance for life.com And locals, this is portrayal Citizens Who you, we Mom friends another Thursday's come, Frank I'm still afraid my sit well soaked in with my friends I can't wait to roll another one again There's some old my friends What is that wacky can of this my friend There's some of makes so willy it feels so young again I can't wait to roll another one again I'm still old my friend I'm still like the weed that sets me sideways I go back again It's planted right up at beside my driveway Doing it my way Yes I'm old my friend But I can turn my brain to toast again To grab a ball and torture that one of my friends And I can't wait to roll another one again You want to wait for another birthday again Oh right From 17 to 560 WCM the mad dog at one If you notice that if you recall Back to when the war was going on Almost everything we saw was through that one fixed camera And most of it was in that night vision The green like you're looking through piece soup Right And everything that we got was a little fuzzy Then once a bag that was deferred to be free And everybody went most of the opposition vanished Then they never was able to set up their trucks And they went rolling in there and they were able to see real clear pictures And then we had the reporters right there Remember that? Right Now isn't it interesting in the weeks that have intervened We don't see anything What's your point? Did that ever dawn on you? Well I mean my point is that they don't want us to see What's really going on they have a lot of scissor I mean we saw when they pulled a statue down That can try to stage demand we saw that No nothing to see here Move along nothing to see Now talking about Easter eggs I went to that site you were talking about And here's one the little mermaid Okay Okay Disney's little mermaid It says at the end of the movie during the wedding Pay close attention to the priest's pants And you'll see that he has an erection I'm telling you these guys that Disney are sick It says no is I saw the detail Print of that It's the guys really Yeah It's the guys in the it looks like an erection If you're not watching it moving Oh you don't like that Too many people with way too much time way too much time Good, golly Miss Molly 560, 50560 on the AT&T and Verizon line WQA and hello WQA and hello WQA and hello Okay I've said it in the noon to one hour I think we ought to do the Wednesday thing every day That's cool That's it That happened on Thursday Friday we didn't for whatever reason we skipped over Friday we passed over But now here it is the second and last three days So I think I think that three hours would be enough Just like mode does you know Fourth hour we'll just play the comedy bits Because these people have absolutely nothing to offer in the noon to one hour I mean the first three hours WQA and hello Yeah, you sure Tell me your Ripper Really? Yeah, a little blonde and sick guy I can't do these places Yeah She is on everything and promoting those kids shamelessly She makes Kathy leave like a piker She has a zip sheathic, I can't like every other week She pops one out But she's on everything And just as airhead as she can be Yes she is okay thanks Kelly Ripper You want to put her on her or not? I don't see her anywhere except for neither I don't either But it killed about 30 seconds it was pretty good And we don't know you don't like her I don't think she is attractive in the least bit Not even slightly, not marginally But then again you know you got the marginal taste You think she is attractive? Kelly Ripper She is cute So it is Carlos Okay like I said WQA and hello Hello sir Yes sir I wanted to know if because I'm mystery interview on Day Johnson And I wanted to know where he was And where he was What do you mean? I was wondering if Day Johnson The announcer that the... Yeah, the second announcer Yeah we know who he is Okay I just wanted to know if he was doing any work for anybody Or you know I just wanted to know if he was doing any work With somebody like a Yes, the N or Or if he was doing an NBC radio I mean I mean whatever radio ABC radio Because ABC used to have the TV contract for the triple crown But now NBC's got it so Dirk and does the call on NBC So Dave does the radio I think that's what he meant but I'm not really sure because it was a little bit convoluted 560, 560, 560 On the AT&T and Verizon wireless line WQA and line 9 It's always an adventure hello Super yummy QAM hello That is a door now What did we ever do to him? WQA and hello Hello Neil Yes sir I just got in the car and I keep hearing you talk about eggs What does that mean? What do you mean what does it mean? You ever see a chicken? No, no, no you're talking about something about DVD You're using this and finding eggs I don't know Right I'm lost as to what the phantom means It's a secret we can't tell you See we open up a Pandora's box here This is only supposed to be for technorids And now all of us have got people While what's in Easter Egg now can't tell you It's a Easter's already gone Something you roll on the White House lawn Very gently 560, 780 Ha ha ha ha I mean I think it's obviously very interesting and fascinating You get a DVD And unlike the old VHS tapes Number one of qualabies far superior And number two you do have all these extras But maybe I'm crazy But it just seems to me that you're reach a point Where you go beyond that You're so obsessed that you really should do Is put a big sign on the front of your house Saying I have not only don't I have a life But I absolutely will never have one Right Here what I mean I'm just going to dedicate my life to this now This is the alternate computer nerd insanity to me Now again I could be just an old-futty-duddy That's possible Whatever But I just seems to me like a colossal waste of time 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T And look at all that comment we had about Donnie Brasco Man it no you're the one that kept tell me everybody seen that Never thought I know WCWM hello New Yes sir Timniss requested if I could please No WCWM hello Neil Yes sir This is Maxi Funk Maruana WCWM hello Neil Yes sir Great movie Sorry to tell you it's starting to glare Underwear Junior and Julia Robert It's called full frontal Excellent movie movie within movie By the way the only eggs were worrying about Or the ones that are vibrating at the end of a string and have a great day Okay thanks No thanks Rob from Pennsylvania says what about the FBA agent FBI agent van science van science I have no idea who the So remember he was one of those weight-conagosianers that he great job Bring that sand off to such a big I have no idea who that is Nope It seemed he was on all the talking shows I mean I've pushed him as this See Rob usually fast with some good stuff Okay sweetheart We're talking about which of these people is Not was we're seeing about wake-o lately Oh my god this was a bad pull question I'm sorry I apologize to the world okay I'm going to go a roll Easter eggs No seriously I mean is it that difficult I thought it was kind of interesting and especially a lot of the geragosting on this Peterson trial I thought it was timely because there's some of these people are keep popping up there You'd like there the glued into your TV screen you can't get rid of them First of all I had don't even have any idea who that was Who that was Oh Rob Well nobody's perfect Rob was on a pretty good string good facts is enough He joins the crowd maybe it's maybe it's the buyer with him today Maybe it's the moon is in Uranus Huh? Maybe they've all busy a dutch packing Oh WQAM hello That was a deal Speaking I want to talk about the world's fighting WQAM hello Hi Nail police Speaking Oh Nail I got a couple movies Yeah Maybe George Zerdov They're at the Robbobbio ones of the hinder And the finitows Okay The one Christopher Nolan he made a mental I called earlier about the bully The world the following That's the movie you made before that A movie like Paul fiction has about five different endings No thanks Okay never mind See them hated Amore is a barrel George no Okay What? Amore is pedals Whatever I'm not Spanish Recreem for a dream Oh you've seen that Yes What is that? It's good Yeah It's a drug movie but it's good Jared Lido Jennifer Funnly It's very good Breakthrough filmmaking Often ripped off and satirized Rip your heart out Okay And I'm sure you probably seen this one kid No Kids is by that same director that did bully And flesh fest I never saw it but I heard about it Oh yeah you got to see that Larry Clark Okay I got a couple ones Gammo You got one Carpo Brought you Okay another one Bad quark Okay thanks I'm in a... was this guy like reading a list? I mean yeah I'm bad you got a lot of good ones but I can only Yeah Yeah right we have for a dreamdown I wrote that down I wrote kids Okay now is that like some kind of a chicken porn movie I mean what is that? Kids? Yeah I think it might be Well I don't want to see that I mean they're all 18 Carlo site It's just shock value kids having sex and doing a lot of drugs Oh I want to see that It's like It's about a 27 and 560 QA 560 560 560 Where you though you're Oh PUN Where you Where you fudge backer This one was unbelievably sexy And beautiful intelligence Are you hot? Be in hot and sexy as fun for a while But it sure does get boring Check out this hot car I don't give a damn hot sexy It looks floating down She's just high Everyone you look at her She's sexy She's just smoking Right stop I'm leaving Miracle Where you though She's sexy PUN She's the thing You're leaving Miracle She's the game of the world She's sexy I think we should sexy No, no matter what we do We always see that we're good Tom And she's pretty sexy too I'm too sexy Wow That's a sexy pose I'm sorry I'm so damn sexy And I'm wet and hot Just sometimes I'm a little bloated I don't feel that sexy I am a sexy big He is so hot They cause it's a sexy I believe in Miracle This is a game of the world You sexy thing I'm the man I'm the man I'm so sexy Keep on the things I've brought 32 of 560 Nobody QAM So here's a website Requiem for a dream I've got the servals matter But here's one out Now the Zanye Bay Okay 19 Or 2001 Ellen Burst and you didn't mention that she was in it Yeah, and she was She's not raised I think she won an Oscar or at least was nominated Amazing Jura Lido Jennifer Conley And you know how much you can get this for on eBay I don't know Fuck Really Nine We're close It was close to the book Well we don't have one that says Yeah Fucks No, so that's the best I could have Nine bucks even But I'm not going to wait for that I'm going to go rush over to the DVD store The DVD store Mm-hmm And pick up a whole bunch of these Depressing Hide all the razor blades Oh is the pressing? Yeah, but good Well who wants to impress? Oh no, it's good Okay, it's so good California, Memento, Bully, Requiem for Dream and Kids Bob Roberts And you know, it's been never had one call about Bob Roberts He didn't No Or Ed Wood Well that's okay To hell with it Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty, pound five, sixty On a AT&T line WQM hello Do I have to put up your hat at least 40, oh nine there This is the one I'll take you to the This is the one Is it a pump? Hello Yeah, it's a pump WQM hello Mr. Rogers Yes sir Hey, I just want to tell you that movie GOMO is a wacky movie You should definitely see it It's a mock-y mentry It's kind of hard to tell even if it's real or not It's very, very interesting to say the least And also hey, what was the name of that egg site That egg site that your buddy, your buddy is talking about My butt buddy? You know I'm talking about the Jorge E eggs e eggs.com E eggs.com Right And that's a hifin in between the E and the eggs Cama? No? Happy face? No? You got some of my corn How about unhappy face? 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T And Verizon Whirless line See these people can't tell you about most of the movies But they can't tell you about the Easter eggs WQM Oh WQM hello Do you take any taxes? WQM hello What is this idiot hour? Yes It's a good time to call Have you been done one to Marco? No but I'm going to go out and get it today I'm glad you mentioned that Yes, all your favorites Johnny, Marlin, say done away I think I did see it But a long time ago He is corrupted I don't know Yeah that's why these guys are following a part of the scenes They can't handle it, yeah I guess All right thanks Thanks Bye They can't handle Johnny Dep I guarantee he's more of a man than most of you guys any day the week Okay, there is a real man In fact at the end of the movie I watched the extras All the extras And they have some interviews with Johnny And obviously they're fairly recent And his hairstyle like real short He's got like the mustache looks pretty damn good For 40 year old guy You know what he said? Yeah, what he said He looks pretty good 560560 560 on the AT&T I think that the machismo of our audience is really Challenge by Johnny Dep Not Brad Pitt Because like I said, it's like the Raskos Everybody if you ask a guy out there a straight guy Who's a good looking actor? All Brad Pitt, you know Right? Right? Because that's become the popular thing But Johnny Dep is threatening Because they look in a mirror when they shave in a morning And they're not seeing Johnny Dep I kind of like to see him like over my shoulder Well, somebody QA and hello Hi, how are you doing? Okay This isn't necessarily relating to your pole But you know you turn me onto the movie network Which is really just a very fine movie But on Friday I saw another fine movie That is very similar to network I think you would really enjoy If I was mad at him I was mad at him Oh, it's Bob Roberts with Tim Robbins This one I was just asking about Oh, I'm sorry, I wasn't able to lift it That's okay, nobody else is either Yeah, it's a very, it's a very, a prophetic movie It was made right after the Gulf War Right, Tim Robbins Susan's reminded in Corvittal She has a very minor, very minor part in it But I really think that this is one that should be on your list of DVDs to check out It's right up there with network I'd say it's network's number one for me And now that I've seen Bob Roberts I'd say that's probably number two There was wasting my time looking for the DVD But it's not coming out until next month on DVD So I'll pick it up on video Yeah, well, it's a, it's a, it's a keeper I definitely want to check out Okay, thanks, take care See if we finally got a call Bob Roberts Oh, what? I'm amazed Yeah, me too, maybe I'm amazed Here's the facts that's kind of interesting I don't know if anybody called or facts about this Cause it's been out for the last two hours But you mentioned Rachel Miner, the lead in bully Right, and that's as you do know who she is She's been playing me because she played the younger Michelle on Citing light when they had the original head Before Michelle became a teenager And was replaced by Rebecca but butting The Michelle you thought was so beautiful And is now on all my children while he'd been I didn't think she was all that beautiful She was, she is Rachel Miner was married a short time Oh, now to Mama Colby Colkin Oh, oh, no, he didn't taint her How do you know that? Maybe not on the outside Good dog Oh, oh, awfully good to look at I'm sulking thinking about McColley Colkin I'll tell you that right now That little punk just frost my ass I think he's kind of bubbles myself I think there was something 560560, pound five60 on the AT&T I'm gonna go out and get bully immediately In fact, I'm leaving right now W2QAM, hello Hello Yes sir Does it look new? It sounds like me, yes Hey, I'll call you about a movie that you were talking about Last week, like how's your fault? Right I rented this weekend and I didn't see it I didn't expect this to be in French Although the name should have been a giveaway But I didn't see it There's two versions is one that you hear the French With the English subtitles Then there's one where they have a dubbed in Which I don't like the dubbing in No, I saw the one with the subtitles Right It was good I'm glad I saw it It definitely was much better than the barcage No question Okay, I'm done Okay, thanks He's seen it Like Kaja Foll The French minister of what do they call it? I'm a rally He must have been kind of billed Bennett But don't bet on it Oh no Library alleges in Kazak oil deals Charges strained ties to key ally and war on terror A little lost This is from the Chicago Trimian, by the way Conservative newspaper A little lost prosecution in the court From threatens to throw a harsh spotlight on the key west partner in the war on terrorism And provide an unflatering view of the multi-billion dollar global oil industry The indictment last month of American business man James Giffon ledges a vast corporate bribery scheme in which millions of dollars used to secure oil and gas rights And an authoritarian land were channeled to a maze of shell companies That's with a small ass shell companies foundations and Swiss bank accounts The bribe's at least $78 million according to prosecutors Went to two top officials in Kazakhstan, a former Soviet Republic Grimming with petroleum and a key ally in prison and pushes war on terrorism To secure rights for four US oil companies Mobile, Amico, Texan and Philips Petroleum The companies have since merged with others in their names have changed Oh great! This is the largest and most significant case alleging to bribery or foreign officials by US businessmen Since the practice became a federal crime 26 years ago It is also deeply embarrassing to these strategically important Central Asian nations of Nation of Kazakhstan as strained diplomatic relations with the US I'll be dang, you know? Huh Let's see, here's a Easter Egg. It says, absolutely The reason series of the prisoners during Petro from the go-in From 1968 is lots of stuff hidden in it One of the most interesting things is that the number 7 simply doesn't exist in the village There was no prisoner with the 7th number if you catch I have the information board for the village any number which would have a 7 in is replaced by other numbers For example, 17 is instead 98 As in 9 plus 8 Huh What do you? Ha ha ha ha It's funny that we should get that text because I saw one of the prisoner episodes over the weekend And it was the one where he thought he was on the on the ship or a plane Pulled the plane And he were flying out Yeah, that's right. It was the plane And then he and the broad the smuggle themselves in and that like big wooden thing the box Yeah And Brad Pitt was standing, what's in the box And then come to find out they were back on the island again Great series the prisoner a little bit too intellectual for most people but nevertheless Oh, I must tell you there's enough in there that already requires a lot of heavy duty thinking Without heaven look for easter eggs on the prisoner Believe you me if you got that much time then piss a lude You know what I mean? Piss a lude on kroyal Prop 41 at 560 WQM Let me salute your health with some olium head pop some in your post Baby, it can't hurt and it certainly is probably going to help It's not just ordinary olive oil olium head It's super concentrated olive oil loaded with health benefits Olium head everyday can help produce the risk of heart disease and high cholesterol And now there are 14 different olium head soft yield formulas to choose from Each one combining the best olive oil with vitamin diminivals and herbals to support specific needs in your health From your bones to your blood pressure and your immune system just pick out the ones that are by for you And now we've got three new olium head formulas one to help you sleep on how to control your weight And so cute 10 for your heart Pick up some olium head today at public's echrets wall greens whole food markets and a varsan cidanos Order it online if you like it. Olium head America dot com if you might more info on the olium head products column 2 free 1 866 olium head that's 1 866 6536633 pickups Olium head today and for better help start poppin it in your post We're supposed to be in 5664 2 a.m. As keeps getting bigger The little eastern world will be exploded to dominate people killed with the gas that we sold it first time a 3,000 people killed are now forgotten let's exploit them instead Hey there's oil to be caught it's going after some down to play kato summa there's no longer mention of The name is lotters but no it's even turned on a fee and complacent believe in every word of this cartel administration That controls us by fear through medium manipulation and a right wing is really good over and over and over to our heads That I recognize a weapons of mass destruction The loss of civil rights is the right that we're paying we're all suspects now not the ass property I have nothing to hide Table partners all are safe I know idiot cattle don't have any reservations That would have provoked battle and world annihilation Old machines must fall and have a virgin and stoke with no objection at all Chimper crept don't have a ball chance of right wing is really good over and over To a parade was hit all I rack has some weapons of mass destruction Only I rack has some weapons of mass destruction You know how it changed the pace that in up in that right at the very end right probably just mix it up a little bit Maximum 1247 at five sixty WCM record companies testing covert ways to fight parasy Some of the world's biggest record companies facing ramp and online parasy quietly are financing the development and testing of software programs That would sabotage the computers and internet connections of people who download power to music industry executive say would sabotage the computers and internet connections of people who download power to music Carlos Oh record Record companies have been presented options on new countermeasures of varying degrees of legality to true online theft from attacking personal in rat connections So as to slower halted downloading of targeted music or to overwhelming the distribution numbers potentially malicious programs that mask weight is music files The covert campaign parts of which may never be carried out because they could be illegal under state and federal wiretap laws is being developed and tested by a cadre of small Technology companies executive said well there you go But I'm sure that everybody in the audience and Carlos as well have signed up with I apple right I'm very important Do I hear lapsed in the background? Have you signed on with them? I apple it's a legal way to be using and download it from the internet. You would I mean if you had a choice of paying for something and getting it for free Right, oh yeah, would you pay for it rather be like legal straight narrow especially somebody in your position somebody of your stature Oh it's short right Look two foot three Anyway, this is quite a story by Caroline Arnold from the Kent Revenor record career in Ohio It's our website. Oh, of course on our website. We only put stories that I agree with I still can't get over that call. That was yummy. You see this this is the degree of lunacy of the right wing in America The because they're so used to being spoon fed the same did oh head did oh head crap over and over and over again This is called any arraggios show because it's about me in my opinions, okay, and when George is on his opinions and even being a bore once in a while gets to give one but not too many We hope especially when he's downloadment music But Chris Caroline Arnold writes The story we got Question there were four injured soldiers this past weekend when little girl handed over a canister sized piece of a cluster bomb an M42 General Richard Myers. Yeah, yeah, what I got the story we got on what the little girl handed over and it was was an improvised explosive device to do harm to the four soldiers It wasn't trying to return a piece of ordinance in fact Question from a seven year old girl Myers exactly exactly then she tried to run away after she handed it and it went off from a transcript of a Pentagon news briefing April 21 What's the punter time a long time ago an ambitious governor said Friday who would use whatever force necessary to put down anti war protesters in nearby college town That night the protests were worse with bonfires and window breaking and accusations of communist plots and police brutality five back and forth Saturday night the protesters had fired an old frame building on campus and the governor believing that communist were taking over called out the army Sunday the situation deteriorated with the anti war protesters cursing and throwing rocks at the soldiers the governor calling students forced in communist And the guards been using tear gas and bayonets to break up the crowd still most believe the situation was utter control of the protests with the mission diminished when classes started on Monday Monday knew when the soldiers inexplicably fired in the crowd of protesters and lunchbound students killing foreign-wonding nine The authorities closed down the college and forced the students to leave a local newspaper reported that large number of soldiers had been killed in that arm named dangerous rebels were still at large A strict curfew was imposed in force by arm van the helicopters a few days later inspectors searched the student residences for deadly weapons finding the of steak knives starting pistols Cap gun ceremonial sorts pensing force and antique firearms high officials publicly deployed student violence that invites tragedy Many towns people justified the shootings calling the students' scuzzballs and asserting that the soldier should have killed more of them It was rumored that the protesters were controlled by communist hiding in a Soviet submarine and a local landlocked reservoir Others story circulated that the dead students were covered with ice or eaten up five in aerial disease and who would have died in a few days anyway That's my story with the personal note she says on Monday May 4, 1970 I took my five-year-old daughter to work with me instead of a kindergarten class at the Kent State University I wasn't concerned about the student protesters who shouted a lot and set some fires in the middle of the night But I was worried about soldiers with rifles on campus in the following days I tried to explain to her what happened in terms she could understand in ways that wouldn't leave her fearful and distrusting to be their students or soldiers 33 years later, I don't know why the soldiers open fire no guards min ever plenty was just following orders No officer ever stopped forward and the step forward and said either with prider shame I gave the order to fire by my authority according to such and such a protocol Name calling rumors and divisive stories still circulate around Kent a lot of energies still invested in the stories intended to make you the students or the guardsman and a good guys like the storyteller reasonable virtuous and humane or stories to prove that those people Is that the soldiers of the students were evil depraved in human bad guys and in 2003 after an unprovoked attack by the US on a small but unruly Essentially unarmed country our entire nation is fragmented by name calling rumors and divisive stories like may 4th of Kent state We have leaders convinced that those people and Marshal of deadly weapons despite events to the contrary and believe by many people Advileants was not only justified and necessary to restore order. It was the only possible option Of course the Kent state students were depressed by a cruel dictator the attack on Iraq was not on plan to run for scene Throwing rocks is no longer considered sufficient provocation for shooting unarmed young people a step on the youth are poor dark skin Today the Kent state protesters would be an r called terrorist not communists Also today we have name calling rumors and divisive stories managed by the Pentagon and magnified by the media What do we make of general my story about the 70 year old girl it promptly divides us into yes There are so many people so evil that they would send their 70 year olds to be blown up if they thought it would kill Americans and no people wouldn't do that And that division tends to propagate forever Was the shooting a Kent state necessary the attack on Iraq what stories do we make or choose and teach our children No submarine was ever found in West Branch reservoir rights curl on our there wasn't no no 1253 at five sixty w q m here and this mother's days come up Sunday and it's a perfect time to repay mom was spent so many sleepless nights waiting for you to come home finally Dalmatris is the perfect mattress for you and your mom not together necessarily unless you want to be like Elvis if it's sagging lumpy or just were not then pick up the phone and call Dalmatris tool free 1-800 mattress and a t t r a s dollar mattress is the complete line of all the best in the business Sir to see the king cordon Simmons you know on mom sleeping on something that you wouldn't so don't put it off any longer Nothing's got a bigger impact on the way you feel every day than a great night sleep so call 1-800 mattress They've got more repeat my full customers than anybody because they treat you right and I guarantee you once you buy your mattress and dollar my trees You'll never go back to assure them again don't forget when you buy your mattress and dollar my trees they'll set up the new and take away the crappy old betting for free Don't forget let me see it again. Dalmatris sets up the new and takes away the old for free So this mother's day had mommy sleeping like a baby on her new bed from Dalmatris gives you tickets available to an alternate amenations call I'm so free 1-800 mA t t r a s that's 1-800 mattress for Dalmatris the easy the smart way to get you a great night sleep I wouldn't believe a word meal set up the tongue was not arrived Well I wonder wonder when do do I oh we dropped the bomb of love First you break watch the public love bush like a guy and you hide back to your place We're all here to work everybody so get anything you want you conquer that mentality Get democracy a chance Then you feel it, Jenny a plunder Or all the water in natural gas Or why wonder wonder Boudou duway Oh we drop the bomb alone What a few get babies, they didn't suffer long We sure showed them a thing or two I could treat right around We're like wonder wonder Who the do do we? We drop the bomb alone I wonder why Oh we drop the bomb alone Prop 58 at 560 WCM the mandaw stand in by hankl He'll be along a three both from the dolphin golf tournament I know you're excited about that Oh yeah 600 bullets even Steven on a pull not to bed Being a boy considering we had that little glitch Yeah It's kind of a bitch when you have a little glitch 600 votes which of these people is the biggest media attention secret the biggest media who are just ejections in a class by himself 182 Al Sharpton 120 respectable second Harald was right there with a 105 and then after that is