903, that's our first call of the new year. We got one, not yet. Aren't you excited about that? There was one. Who was it? Somebody wanted to talk about the dolphins. They thought we could talk about the dolphin. Nice job there, baby. See, I was saying to George before the show today, this town will never ever change. And even the sports, it's neurotic repetition. 30 years now, it's been the same tired thing. This is the year. We're talking super, and as always the choke, you know? And then for days and days on end, on this radio station call after call after call. What are we gonna do? Can I ask you one thing before we start the show today, seriously? Since it's our first show of 2003, and I'm back in town, aren't we blessed down here? Huh? I mean, the heat and the panthers both won yesterday. Oh, nobody cares, of course, but they both won yesterday. The cool ones are going to win the fiesta, both are going to crush Ohio State, make no mistake about that. Ohio State said, they're not a little girls team. They're a big girls team. I'll give me at least that. But then they're not good. They just barely squeak by Michigan. Did you see the trouble of Michigan had yesterday? Oh my god. They have no defense. I don't know. We're not going to talk football. Then we'll get George involved in it. So what do we got? What's on the agenda today? We got the mad dog. No, we don't have no mad dog. What's always gellie talking about? Is he out of his mind? Let's see. Where is it? Thursday, like I said, we got the mad dog. All right. Well, I'm on the wrong goddamn day. I keep thinking this is Monday. I'm watching all those football games just didn't think it had to be Sunday. Just had to be Sunday. But you know what? See, I know how to do it. I come back on the first day of the new year and it's Thursday. So it's one of my great weeks. A Thursday and Friday two days on two days off. That's where I like it. That's the new American work schedule boys and girls. You work one day and you have the rest of the goddamn week off. That's the way we're going to do it in 2003. You work one day at a month. You have the other 30 days off for 29 whatever the hell month it is. That's the way we're going to start doing it. Forget about this work ethic crap. Okay. Pay us a lot of money and don't expect too much in return. Have we got our first call of the year from four a lot of day? How do you do this? Hello. Four. Oh, yes. I just had to be first. How are you? Okay. This is the same guy that always is the first one. Even though you're doing a different voice than it. Oh my god. No, I know. I know you're the guy. Yeah, I'm the guy. We can do any voice in the world. I know it's you. Pretty exciting. I'm back here, huh? We are so happy to have you back. Why is that? I mean George is good because Miss Right now I don't mean on the year. I'm back in town. You're better. I'm I'm I'm backing pleasurable with the rest of us. Uh-huh. Yeah, I'm not miserable. The Patriots won. Yeah, even though we didn't make the playoffs. That's not the important thing. We got our ring last year. We don't care about that. Just knock in the dolphins out watching them choke and and oh god. It was a wonderful thing for me. Bless town. Are we blessed on here? Welcome back, my children. Thank you so much. And have a great new year. Thank you. Bye bye. I think we're going to be a lot of calls today and by the way, just wanted to tell you right off the bat. Right off the get go right at the box. Okay. How come the levels on this mic are so fast? Everything's. Huh? Different and bizarre. It couldn't be because nobody's working here. You see. I don't want to feel bad because I had and it wasn't that I took an extra vacation I just took two weeks at one time plus the usual days that I had offer Christmas in New Year's et cetera And that's all because there's no ratings going on during that time. Of course, we don't have any ratings anymore anyway. This last year. I'll take part of the blame for that try to change the world and I do want to run on the box Also talk about that bitch that called your John. What they was that Tuesday? I guess who's they? I'd like to have somebody bring that bitch into this studio. Tie her up in a chair and I'll personally take a baseball bat and crush your skull from that I'll want to clock until I have to leave. I will. See, I hardly listen at all when I'm not on the year including all of these holidays and everything even though I have the ability and throughout or listen I think here the one morning that more ran two minutes over and we'll get back to moment and a moment and a moment Yeah, we'll get momentarily we'll get back to my good close personal friend. Mo and by the way also mo I'm not going to be worried any new wardrobe although this is a new shirt, but not because of the fact that he had anything to say about the way I dress Take a look at the way the other people are dressed with I don't come to work here in a pretentious way to try to impress the people I'm working with they know I'm a fat old slob who makes a lot of money. I can buy whatever clothes I want And that's his comeback a guy that leaves the house wearing a guy damn to pay that's fallen off the side of his head The dresses to the health come on to do a radio show. That's called vanity and if there's one thing that I'm not it's vain Okay, I could have my Chuck Alphiari phony here on here. I can have like a $2,000 Brooks Brothers suit right so good time. Yeah, so tie made in Italy Who the hell's gonna see it? It's a freaking radio show you moron. Oh, that's right there. I'm still his material. He said moron Now what was I saying before about the new year if if you know how to spell it. I do know how to spell it HJRG I thought about the bitch I'd like to be with a baseball bat So I come in I had a coming here Tuesday was I'm not gonna burden the audience because a lot of people out there are making a lot of money And they say gee don't complain about your checks but not be on time at least you're making all that money in your right You're right. I'm making a lot of money. It's a good scam. Okay I'll be the first one would minute and I'll take it But I had to go through another bigger moron to get my check because the pony got sick between here and Naples before Christmas and the package didn't get here And poor moth had to get on the phone with Naples and it went I don't know where my go through the story because nobody would believe it. I went to Memphis and then the package went to Dallas and then finally went back to Naples And they signed the check and I had to come in Tuesday and pick it up. Okay So I leave Tuesday to go to Mommy's house for lunch and by the way, don't let me forget also to talk about my mother today at length that bitch Do you know what I discovered when I walked into her house? I because I was here early Okay, I got an early start a couple of errands to run I had to come in here pick up my check and I was supposed to go to her house at noon for lunch I show up there 10 after 11. I'm early So she still got the hamburgers. You don't really brown your ground brown. Yeah, she still got him cooking on a stove And as her last touch which I've never seen this before She reaches in her cupboard and she pulls out two humongous gigantic containers One well first of all two of them. Now let me ask you what are the two ingredients the two things I always talk about that don't dissolve in your body Pepper and paprika right what do you think of any two containers George? Serving salt no wait pepper and paprika good guests and she's shaking on there She's got the burgers in his fry pan on a stove She put enough pepper and paprika on here to sink the goddamn Korean army. I'm telling you right now And I'm thinking of myself aha now it explains why I always have the Blue apple which that girl. Oh my god This this is her way she is and forget about your mother. She's not even in a running my mother is the most evil person on the face of the earth Who's main goal in life? You know what everybody's got a hobby some people stand collecting whatever Her hobby is finding fault. Oh, yes, we should put them both in a pit finding at the fault That's my mother's favorite hobby everybody's imperfect accept her But anyway, so I leave here to go to my mother's house. You know something like back and up on this bitch And I make the mistake and I'll tell you this I got back Sunday morning from Toronto The whole time I never turned on this station. I listen to FM and believe me. Oh God FM is just as bad as ever it is down in blows even with that new What's the new callators WMIB men in black? I don't even know anyone Used to be radio a smeg months to 85th time they changed the format. I got a little mong let me get to the Amsterdam's through eventually Don't go to Amsterdam. You'll hate it Did I start on this after last summer? It's not like I'm making a sudden turnaround Did I start last summer? It's only that I think I was burned out. I'm totally burned out Amsterdam blows So anyway turn the radio on over to George The first caller is the crank guide. It's given you a son of the answer about the Cubans. You know though I'm talking about of course. Okay, after him is a guy that would give any of song in a dance about Well, you know, it is true what you say, but the Republicans at least when they were in office the market is pretty good And I'm thinking to myself what what will be Republicans is he talking about Herbert Hoover? Yeah, it must be Herbert Hoover. Why don't we get in his depression? Or maybe it was George Herbert Walker motion his recession or maybe the current one with a markets in the crap or And then comes this woman You know, we don't get a lot of women callers on this show But the ones that we do get they are very Namorable they may not have big memories, but they are very memorable precious and few oh God and This bitch this mother scratching bitch She goes in with thing and our poor whole purpose of her call was to suck up to you and her rip me because I wasn't here Seriously suck up. She's sucking George's brown crack. I mean heavy duty So to speak Suck in sucking sucking All and you can go on the dial from one end to the other and you never hear this kind of thing And you're the only voice out there and then George to his credit because he's sucking around too Because he's hoping he's gonna get that birthday check this week. Maybe next week. I'll think about it And anyway, no, yeah, just think you should have seen I'm in Duff's office on Tuesday waiting for my check He's got his on the phone. He's got my checkset and honestly, but I want to grab it And a couple people stop by and hey Neil welcome back nice to see George comes in her and sees me grabs me like his long lost His hug me so hard and he almost squeezed the crap out of me Yeah, the crap full of crap. He's waiting for that birthday check I was figured I wasn't gonna get it. I'm still happy to see you. Yeah, no, you're not I love you So anyway, she starts going on about how well Because George says Neil talks about these same things two and really tries to inform the public I went through seven or eight months of these periodicals on audio I feel like self-destructed right here on a goddamn radio I'm reading 50,000 periodicals on the internet every day and getting up at three o'clock at a goddamn morning I'm spending half of my life to try to change the world here like a lunatic And this bitch has got the host bunch. He says to George why do you have it? He says nobody really cares isn't that just a cop out? Is it too much work for him? Is that what it is? It's too much work? They don't care. I understand that they don't but when she said that is it too much work At that point I wanted to get my Louisville slugger from Ted Williams and just bashed her brains out if I could find it Maybe just Yeah, take the bat and stick it up your ass lady. Okay You miserable nasty hostile bitch and I'll say it again 80% of the women in South Florida are the worst I'm a face of the earth and that's being generous See I can afford to say that cuz we only got about a one-shier so I got I got a lot of leeway there, you know I got a scoosh of leeway in my jean. Are you gonna blow off the female audience? We don't have any female audience In fact based on our last trend there it looks like we don't end the you've sports nerds. You're not fooling me I've been around a block too many times the November trend which I won't even go to the numbers November trend the sports day parts even moan up A little bit now he went up to like a four-eight men. I think that's his biggest number since he's been there Of course I'd include nine to ten so he may have like a four-shier not too great Especially for him that was before he picked up Patriots to beat the Adolfi He's finished But at any rate so the sports are the Hank went way back up there But we took a hit didn't go way down but the fact that they went up in that month and we went down That tells you the sports nerds got the diaries in November and we took it you want to know mainly why why Electrical oh same thing in 2000 look back in the in the fall book in 2000 you're right those right winners They're pissed off and fired up all the way. We'll say this At the same time that I'm telling you it's gonna be mostly fun and games on his show this year with a few You know new Zephyr articles thrown in there now and then like I have today Although we have much better stuff from the period from the of tambourids today But if anybody thinks that when our sucked George Bush and his merry band of little Nazis asses this year I hate to break the news to you but wrong wrong not gonna happen Not gonna happen Just a thought of it just the fact that he still maintains this incredible popularity When we're on a verge of like having an North Korean solace they're gonna blow up the guy name We'll keep in mind that these were the same people The same people when a first came into office didn't care about the rest of the world until 9.11 We were gonna become Papy Canon's favorites isolationists We didn't care about them at least we didn't care about this one now all we cared about was that oil pipeline We were working on Afghanistan with the Taliban Those were our partners Like how men rod said you know our partner And these were the same barbarians that we were excoriating just months later because of the brookers that the women had aware And a man had to shave the beard and they couldn't listen to music and all of these terrible things that they were doing But they were our partners until that fell through until 9.11. I don't want to go back to you it because I'm not gonna change the world How are Ben and J.Lo doing if you want to lick some bush go right ahead be my guest, okay? I can see I'm gonna have this thing start up again I'm gonna have to get that lovac win Does that what it was that I took? I don't remember do we have any of our detail men out there any of our pharmacy people? I'm gonna have to get some drugs. We do Moses. Oh Can he give me that hey Moses? I need some is that what it's called levac win? Huh? I don't know levac win or lovac win. He'll know tell me what tell it is. I need a whole bunch of that sweetheart I got some vitamins plus by the way come in here naked. I want to see what you're looking like oh you haven't seen him in a while I the last time I was here. I saw me look pretty good. He's been working out really Yes Well, wait wait. Well was that first gesture again? Oh this one? No. I saw that first Yeah, he was here. Yes before he has he's been pumping it. Yeah. Yeah. He's big as a house All by the way acute movie 40 days and 40 nights with Josh Hartnett Where he wasn't allowed to pump it for 40 days. Okay. That's cute. He's not so cute, but the movie's cute. It's okay. Has it's moments? Okay, here's the appell result from George's poll lady took last time he was there when it was last time Here like two days ago Tuesday the day that it heard on a way to mommy's house Maybe that bitch will call back him, but I sure doubt it the one that says I'm too lazy Boy, see that and that goes to show you that's to me more. I get for all those months of working my ass off to try to Inform and enlighten the public and give them some information. I'm not gonna find it or God didn't fish wrappers down here Forget about it. Oh, it's a conf out. He's doing like nobody cares lady. This is an entertainment show It's a radio program. We're not gonna change the world on the neo-rod you show Which the rest of the station don't even recognize that we're here by the way Don't even get a mention anymore. Even my good friend a mad dog You know the transition remember when we used to be on tenditude and we have the transition with Hank. Oh, yeah, and it was there was not always a crossover But there was at least on his part a recognition that I existed whatever we just did. You know, it was it was like a flow an acknowledgment Yeah, now it's like there's a brick wall be the you hear the door closed before we come on because the line draw at nine And then at one clock it's even though it's the same day part my good friend a mad dog. It's the same crap Although he's usually busy on it often banquet comes running in all of the breath, you know You know on Tuesday's especially but he'll be on today one to three my good close friend a mad dog 711 votes on at Paul George Ash should we you had some terrible pulls by the way On for God your pulls blow. Yeah, I don't know about the shows good. I didn't hear him But I hope they were better in your pulls How are your new shows what I was gone? That lead you'll call it no up at your Newers okay Should we reinstate the draft your jazzed on Tuesday? We had 711 votes pretty week for two days, but it was New Year's day yesterday everybody's getting drunk and watching football Hey, how about those dolphin oh Oh look at this speaking of the dolphins the dolphin suck one to pull even though it doesn't make any sense But I understand why I put it on there because I often do that just put a put a a gag selection on there Just to give the people a chance to vent just an outlet for their frustration for their angst The dolphins suck three hundred and seventy people said that while we know that gag and choke I think of the words you're looking for gag and choke No 232 and yes 109 and you can be sure that all hundred nine people who said we ought to reinstate the draft are over the age of 100 Right Got some bad news for it by the way they're reinstating the draft and everybody up to the age of 60 is eligible up to the existing George Damn it. I just 20 past 20 past nine you watch for that bitch to call in the angerity if you won't call me she's out there listening I know you're out there honey. Okay, look for an acute comber counter over there in public Crazy as bitch oh you're the only voice and and then she's going on about all the great calls that you had last two days. I thought to myself well I've listened 20 minutes I should didn't hear those but great calls the same assholes right The the spikter with the ball guy who used to be some other guy Oh my god lady who the hell are you kidding? But well a little later on in here though we'll have a show on bilingualism you'll be invited to call in that day If you're not here in too many spots today it's because we don't have it because our sales The bomb is everybody's on a busman's holiday here. We did see Adam hardworking Adam he's the only person we saw today When you think it was bad use squeeze me in there. They you know who else came in and hugged and squeezing just got his mong all over me Pete Pee the Lenny oh I went home and I took four showers Just to get these smell and the taste and the garbage off my body Hey Pee the I'm at the warehouse what flavors do you want? Yeah, we got those I'll bring a song you asshole you live in a geek I'm so glad to be back here briefly. I'll tell you I'm just ecstatic to be back here. Oh wait till I tell you but the fat boy story Oh yeah I got the fat rich story the fat boy story I got stories man 1922 with 560 WQM kick off a new year with a brand new great mattress from dialometris if you haven't been sleeping well lately Nothing will have a bigger impact on your life each and every day in the coming year than a great night sleep It's time for that new year's resolution which will get to our pull by the way about your new year's resolution It's corny but it's it's okay You'll get what you want a great night sleep every night from dialometris call 1 800 to my TTRS and dialometris will have you sleeping like a baby all year long And dialometris carries only the best in the business. Simply certissimmons King Corlan every size and style When you call 1 800 mattress you'll speak with an expert bed in consulting who really knows their crap Who can recommend the perfect bed for you in your back? They have what you want in stock no funny sales Though bait and switch like department stores then when you order your new bed from dialometris They'll have it there on time even the very same day that you make the order and you get to choose the date and time Let us convenient for you dialometris prize itself on their 99% on time record Which is just one reason why they're ranked first overall for customer satisfaction So do what all of us do here at QA make the call now to dialometris Miguel George and I all sleep on mattresses from dialometris different ones thank goodness and so should you at least a George one Enjoy the new year with that special someone with a new mattress now that I got my time Brady pictures on my website here who to help needs Miguel Enjoy the new year with somebody special with a new mattress from dialometris called toll free 1 800 mattress speaking of top ready how about those Patriots? That's 1 800 mA TT RES dialometris the perfect way to start off that new year Hi Is a butt ass smell I'm fooling this song and I'm feeling kind of sad I got my smoke along with my chains. I've got a thoughty like a driving range man When it's cold outside, use my nips to hang your head. I can blow in your ear and give you a lap dance, but you won't notice me to like get some implants. I need a guy who, in got issues, like feeling up a chest, and find in tissues. What? Guys, they're cute. They're same fruity. I'm the one who needs your pitty. I've got a nice end, and they're like a kissy, but I can't get a man. Because I got no titties. I don't today. Because Wonder of God is something I can't afford. When you lay on me, you'll swear you're on a diving board. When I turn the lab in, I started to get used. Now I'm 24, and still waiting on my boots. I'm the one who needs your pitty. I've got a nice end, but I can't get a man. Because I've got no titties. I don't today. I've got no titties. I've got no titties. I've got no titties. I've got no titties. I don't today. So I have a cool video for you, Frank Saffa, that sounds like? No, that's because you still don't know what it is. Somebody will call it a tummy. You sure you don't know what that is? Positive. Although I could listen to all the albums I'll over again. 928 and 560 WQN happy New Year 2. This is our first show of 2003. And we're pretty damn pumped up about it, aren't we? No, nobody's in the building. Because there's still on a busman's holiday. I can't stand people to take too much time off. There's anything that makes me nauseous, man. Makes me really fired up and pissed off. Here's our poll today on TheORGers.com. Which we better get that response at our pollback up there again. That's still also badly when George was doing those bad polls. This is not a good poll today. It's not one of my really a column. But then, it's timely. What's your New Year's resolution this year? Lose weight, quit smoking, have a lot more sex. Not take any crap, quit bruising, or New Year's resolutions are for assholes. So speaking of assholes, getting back to mold for a moment. Have you noticed that everything that he does and says? That's totally unacceptable within the boundaries of human behavior. Everything he denies. Here's a man in denial. And even the call that he had from the guy Mitch, that I've played at the beginning of the show, he never denies having the beast fired. Where did you get your information? Where did you get it? Must be from the train monkeys, but he never really comes out and denies it because he can't deny it. Because it's true. Nobody else got to beast off that show, Mo. Show, Mo. That's what I told Miguel last time I was in here. Why don't you show Mo and he zipped up his pants or my not a here? Maybe that was all he had to show. Come on. When you're going to fess up to it, Mo and stand up. Just like the thing about, would bury Jackass's column and Joe Rose. And by the way, don't be picking on our good friend Joe Rose. Okay, because he at least used to promote the show. And mention our real names, not this ginger, Freda Stair, Guava eating, spit whatever this stuff is, you know? Mo. So anyway, Barry Jackson and Saturday's paper writes a comment about how Mo, I'll pick the, uh, knowing with the beat Miami, but also said that the dolphins would sneak in the playoffs anyway, so we was half right. But, you know, this guy's a any called Harvey Green. The dolphins, senior vice president of media relations, Howard called us to say was picking against this tongue and cheek, kidding me, making it come at about people field on here. Right. Keep in mind, this is a man on the payroll of the dolphins. He gets paid by the team to do their games. I think the only cheek that he had his tongue and was somebody's echo. That's what I think. See, maybe that's your rumour that we get in the hallway in a morning see the veterans his hairpiece. And let me also ask you this, how come he claims that I wear the same clothes every day? When he's only seen me three times since he came here eight months ago. How's that possible? He's got extra vision. I see, is that it? I mean, we all can't be a fashion plate like Mo. But if anybody thinks that there's any room for accommodation between Mo and yours, truly the answer is absolutely no chance, none. Zero, less than none. That will never happen. That Wednesday morning and remember it was a couple days we thought that maybe he was coming around a little bit. He was starting to promote the show a little circuit, which is fine. Okay, have a good time. You know, we give it out. You give it back. That's fine. But at one Wednesday morning, I'll never forget it. I'm up there and to where we spend an hour and a half on a story. So obscure that we couldn't, it took us about four hours to find it on the internet. About the Oregon ducks. And the station that carries their games out of there in Portland or wherever it is. And about some syndicated talk show that I never even heard the guy before. And he's a racist, he's this and he's desperately trying somehow to bring that back to me again. And another and another stork. Another attempted drive to show it in all the station. Yeah, then maybe we can all have numbers like you, Mo. Okay. Low rhymes with Mo. So since that day, that was the end. I gave him about what 85 chances to let come and join the human race. Join the team here at QAM. Refuse to do it. And now he's picking on the in Buries, column, pod, poor Joe Rose. So his rose said that he was sick when he heard, in fact several calls also suggested was inappropriate for the teams play by playing outside a thick against the whole team. It's childish to make an issue of it. And if Joe Rose wasn't doing it, it took and she said, I'm disappointed in Joe Rose David said, he's disappointed in everybody. We're all bad. He's good. You understand the way it works? He's a good guy. We're all about to ask holes. Okay. That's the way it is. And Chloe, including you, especially you. You little quava loving spick. That was wrong with you. So, and I also want to say this. This is the new year. Okay. People do make resolutions. I've put it this before on a year. I'll tell you again. And this is the MS. I will not speak to. I will have nothing to do with that creature. Okay. If I see him in a hallway coming in the morning, while I'm here, these couple of months. I'm not going to speak to him. He doesn't exist. He only exists in terms of discussion on this program, which there will be plenty. But in terms of a physical being, there will be none. He doesn't exist. And if you had any self-respect, I've put it this before. He tried desperately, feverishly, psyched, to get your little aspired. Right after your wife had that unwanted second little kid no less. Could have destroyed your whole freaking life. Could have put you out on the beach. Where'd you go to get a job? Next to it, BPMical? Maybe? I doubt it. I can make coffee. They said I got enough spits. They're already in need some more shfartures. I got ink. I like that. And it's a good thing I stopped by this morning. Get my sodas, my dyed coax. Because the cover here is bare. Hey, PD, what flavors you want? You jackass, you leather lung asshole. He makes me red rough and sore. That guy. I'll tell you that right now. PD, Lenny. So here's a guy that tried to get you fired. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. How's it going to go? Game is rolling, fighting for it. All right. uploaded azul difference, two times I guess. ok. It's free, it's dark, one touch and only look second need. That's a good guy, fucking75. Access, acquire, render and hit the a train. Some help Christ up quickly to Miracles. SYUG mushrooms cram pull me down a few weeks ago since the caster has been Back lease in July early 50% or something but still comparison it with a have him bring it in and the drugs too. What's the name of that stuff? I don't know. Levoquine, lovoquine, something. He'll know. It's a antibiotic to get this damn uh, so anyway I'm an Amsterdam which I won't be going back anytime soon. Let me say it again, since you're probably on a way into work right now based on what you told me on Tuesday. I say I we have to do everything on the year because there's nobody to talk to here. Clarence is out there to be as the bowl and temp p. Trying to get laid which ain't gonna happen by the way, Clarence. That's sad. I mean he's not he's not a well maybe the fact that he's hung like a fruit fly that might have something to do with it. Have you ever wondered about that? Like I'm always talking about the Chinese there's a billion Chinese when a guy's got a penis like a I mean makes me feel like a real man. Well how do you know that? Like the that's the what the Chinese? No, Clarence. Because he told me. I see. Just like any month. Just like in week a past member that. If he passed the message, I think through you through somebody. He passed it through you and you didn't even feel it. Because he said he's hung like a net and a same with Clarence. When you know I mean so maybe he's gonna get to like second base maybe halfway between second and third base certainly not home plate any chance. No. But the fact that he's got a teeny teeny tiny penis. How do I how's he what's he gonna do with it? What are you gonna do with it, Clarence? Never slowed me down. Or you also have a small penis? Well it's in proportion with the revenue. So what is that? Oh mind's not. Oh and also let me take it this. Sometimes you see the I've told you this before these big tall guys you think but it must be hung like a moose. You know? Not necessarily not necessarily. I've discovered that in my travels. So anyway getting back to a travels and Amsterdam man. What a what a what a ranch he placed at his. You know that old expression about it's a nice place to visit but you wouldn't want to live there. Absolutely correct sir. Right. And I know a lot of people are gonna give me crap. That's alright. I'm prepared. I'm moving in with the railions. We're getting on a goddamn spaceship with with Leonardo. And we're going we're going back to your remas. You get one of those outfits with the shoulder pads. And is this incredible or what I see this story and I'm watching his food cake on TV. Of course in Hollywood of course. Because everything every bizarre, grotesque unacceptable thing has has to come back to this Florida. And here's this fruit cake on there with that with that thing in the middle of the back of his head. Whatever the hell you call that thing. Hop not. That that not. Maybe he's kind of done not. Not. But anyway and then in the media all these all these people these ethicists. They're having a risk breakdown and we're discussing the ethics. First of all, we see any baby. Do we have any data? No. We have any scientific evidence. No. And they're talking to a guy who even aren't vellin put him on. And here that's how ridiculous this guy is. The aliens. Yeah. First we had alien. Now we've got aliens. God. By the way, nice going there David Ross. Just we need another hip hop station. Hip hop hop on this. You idiot. He also lied about that. Somebody was telling me to stir about how he told the rumors were leaking about how they were going to make the big format change. And then like right around Christmas time, they came by. They were they played all that. What do they play? Christmas music? I don't remember. And supposedly after the Christmas holiday, they were going to come back out with a new format. And it came back out with the same old radio smuggler. Whatever that was that they were playing. Anybody know what it was? No. Because that's how they had no audience. And so he told everybody see no change. It was all just a big lie. So we clated. They fired everybody and we got the new hip hop. W. M. I. B. Men in black. You know how long that's going to last? Just like when vaccinated into the ladies channel, what do we want to they call it? The, I don't know, plan it something. Compliant it. Very good. And this is the station that used to be she used to be rocket roll man used to be the Primo FM in his town. 103.5 of fixture. And I you know what they've done the same thing to that on FM that they've done the INZ on AM. They've turned it into pure on a dollar-rated crap. Two of the formerly most premier stations in a market. Only queer channel could do that. I'm sorry, Mo. Cloudy channel. Cloudy channel. Sorry. I forgot his fabulous sense of humor. Well, seriously, if you speak to him again, that's it. I don't want to like be bush boss, but you're just, in fact, just tell everybody you're not allowed to speak to him. You're not allowed to speak to the molemeister. It'll be, and the same goes for Carlos and he's laughing. But I'm not laughing. If you want to more those big pages come pouring through there, baby. But I'm not speaking to the enemy. Well, sometimes he's a captive audience. What he's in the bathroom shaving, you know, coming and doing some business. Well, you know what I would do? I would take the guy name, raise a re-trait over and give that hairpiece a shot with it. Yeah. Is it real or is it a mammarex? You jackass, you silly old goat with the bad vera cosvane. Here's a guy that goes on and plays golf in public with a poking out shorts and his vera cosvane's flailing out and his damn hairpiece flowing into wind falling on a guy damn, he didn't put the ball in a hole, but his hairpiece is in there. Yeah, they thought that it was a ferret. Crawl to the guy damn hole on the 18th green turn out it was most hairpiece. And he's talking about the way that I dressed in my appearance. That would be like my call somebody fat. Fat boy, which we'll get to in after the break. Oh, I got so much catching up to do. You know, plus we're going to take a lot of calls today. Lot of calls. Here's a good one from sunrise. Hello. How are you doing? Great. How are you doing? Welcome back. Happy New Year. I was actually at a couple questions, but you got to go on this topic now. I'm going to ask you two things about how we're David. Who? Mohour, David, a non-existing guy. He's an asshole. Yeah. Number one, I don't understand how you're going to wear a couple of things. Number one, remember when you were doing the forget about it Friday and he told people call in, spy about your neighbor, tell him your neighbor, tell him. Yeah. I've heard that how big deal was it made about that. I mean, it can't get in trouble for that. Beats me. And then the second thing is also don't forget the thing when he went on with Tony Bruno and he also lied his way out of that about he didn't check the affiliate list. And then he turns around and tells the guy, he listens to him every day. Why would he have to check the affiliate list if he knows what's stationary's on the listener every day? I've been the second thing. He lies his way out of every one of his previous little games. That couple weeks he's been ripping a restaurant, buying name in Boko. Not New York Prime. No, it was like the Antonio. I don't know. Well, they probably didn't give him a freebie, just like New York Prime. But I mean, he's not ripping him. He's saying stuff about it like the kitchen, things like that. Really? I cannot believe these people are not like Apple Hucket. It's all over him. I would, if I were in that restaurant, I would be so in his ass. I'll play right now. Maybe all of them like stick on Mo. How does he get away with this stuff? I don't know. And then nothing just went out to Tampa for the Michigan Bowl game. Again? That's four days. And I know you. Pull and weed wack around. It's a sack you nuts, so bowl. What was that? Something about like that. But I know you want to talk to that game. I know you want to Michigan State, but I saw the Michigan cloud was there. And you'll, there is not one good looking girl from Michigan. I mean, there wasn't one. Well, how about good looking guys? Other than Tom Brady's, the first good looking guy ever came out of that university. New York, how could, how could that's mad dog? He'll tell you how could any guy want to go to college or Michigan these girls were ugly. Hey, there are a lot of hot babes in Michigan State, baby. We're there. That's why they got to good football team. I'm busy playing football. Michigan State were busy playing with balls. OK? Got more important things to worry about. Hey, New York, I just want to say, you know what? I know you don't want people to suck up to you, but listen to you for about 15 years. You're the greatest. I am. I'm glad you're back. Thanks a lot, pal. Thanks for the suck job. Have a great new year. You too. Bye-bye. Yeah, it's the first day of the new year. So I can suck all you want. That's what the Pope said. Oh, do you see that? That's even more good news. Not only have they got this tremendous shortage of priest, but now that they're saying no facts in a priesthood, that's going to finish off the Catholic church. This service is anymore. Isn't that good news? Yeah, but they'll do something. What are we going to do with all that hardware? You know, the hats and the miters and all the chains and the beads and all that all the, all the chotch keys? Wow. Maybe they'll have a yard sale. That is so heavy, doody. Oh, as a matter of fact, in the movie 40 days and 49th his brothers a seminary student. So he goes in the confessional confessional brothers on the other side and they keep opening the slide and the thing back, you know? And his brother, he walks in on his brother 20 into the movie. And his brothers get in on with a nun. He said, oh, well, I'm dropping out in a couple weeks anyway. It's kind of a cute movie. It's basically a movie about Josh Hartnett and his penis. 16 till 10. Well, that's what it's about. It's a movie about this young, horny guy and his penis is what it is. We never get to see it though. Sixth time won't be watching it again. 16 till 10 at five, 60 WQM on a great Thursday man. What a good thing. Good timing on my part. See at least I come back today. It's that the holidays are over. Our staff here hasn't learned that yet. The holidays are over boys. Get with it. The new year is here. You ask holes. You slackers. Even more late here today to greet me on my first day back. Let me say again, if you ever see me speak to him, I want you to go on a year and out me right on a year. Cause it'll ever happen. Haven't you ever had anybody in your life that you just made up your mind? You will never speak to them? Yeah, but then she keeps calling back. Oh, your mother. Right. Hey, ma. No more paprika, ma. Yeah, the hemorrhoid inducer. My mother. Seriously, if I can't, I can't over. I can't exaggerate the amount of black pepper and paprika. She just took the shakers and just poured them like with all of her energy. Like it was unbelievable. Like a rainstorm of black pepper and paprika on his poor little uh, brown browns. Hey, moss and she's always lying. Oh, I never put anything in there. It's just crowdsurled. I never put anything in that right. Hemorrhoid inducer. That's what you are, ma. Hemorrhoid inducer in more ways than one. Nip ticker, nagger. Finding fault. Everything I do is wrong. Everything everybody I know does is wrong. And everything you do is right. Two bad we can't all be slim like my mother. Oh, you're so fat. You get so much weight, fat lady. And she's bringing out the 17 courses for lunch. You look like you lost weight. Since I was here last, no, I gained back some of the way to loss. You're quite a bit of it. Huh. That's going to change now. Oh, look at to the weight part after the break. And we're going to talk about our break. And you notice how he hasn't shown his fat face in here yet today. He hasn't waddled in here. What's he doing like the walker or wheelchair? Walker. Or if they got him on, I'm one of those gurneys. It's a walker, but they're wheels on it. I think they're going to bring him in on a gurney now. And that we want to what I'm going to state to put him on there. That's your blue etiquette right out of the water, which is probably just as well. I really do in two breaks. We're going to do three. Okay. Not two. I'll tell you when I get her. What are you worried about? We got so much time to show stuff around. Don't worry about it. We got no spots that it assails department. You know, they went on a 20 day holiday. I cannot stand people to take too much time off. I hit it. When you're getting paid to do a job, you show up every goddamn day. You get a couple of days here. They are too over there. Not me, because I'm an old fart. I paid my dues. I should get off like 90% of the time. And I like to get off. So like I said, what time's Moses coming in? Hey, listen, I've been back here now four days. I'm starting a little bit horny. Oh, Cam and it's so Florida. This is the most sexless place on the face of the earth. You just even see anybody that looks good that you'd want to do it with. I mean, you look around. Is there anything alive here? Is there anything under the age of 100? Oh, God. 54 votes on our poll. What's your, we better do it. Love better than that. Let's get the audience back here. Okay, the George blow off. I mean, 54 votes. What's your New Year's resolution this year? New Year's resolutions are for assholes 24. Have a lot more sex 14. All right. Lose weight 11. Don't take any crap too. Quit boozing. Two. And quit smoking one. You know, when you shop for quality footwear, great selection, professional service. There's only one place to go and I've been telling about them for years. Our good friends at Brandy Shoes in Pompet obiege. At Brandy Shoes, you'll find the largest selection of men's and women's shoes, the best service and the best prices in town. Period, it's as simple as that. At Brandy Shoes, find top quality names like rock ports, floor shime, S.A.S. Spirit, Timberland, naturalizers and lots more. And with Brandy's humongous selection chances are nobody in the stores ever going to say, sorry, we don't have that style in your size, Mr. or man or whatever you might be. So find out I'm most of Brandy's customers. Not only keep coming back with what they usually buy several pair, where's that pairs? Provis it. Brandy's is open every day of your life. 99 Sundays tend to five you'll find them at the same great location they've been peddling shoes for about 600 years. 12. 90 North federal highway in Pompet obiege. It's always worth the trip no matter where you are at all this week. At Brandy's it's the end of the year super sale. The beginning of the New Year, it's going on now. Fantastic savings on many famous brands here and for the best savings of the year. Only at Brandy's in Pompet obiege for more info call 954 943 9667. This is your 205. You way yet. So, God? Welcome back to the glittering pageantry of the Moja winner name of the show. We have a full bucket today. Include the cavalcade of our articulate athlete of yours. You know that tight smoke is still at it. What? What singing will songs make it fun on me? They make fun on me all the time. No. Why they don't adore me? Everything will be alright, bro. It's a hint of me, a fairy. You queer? Yeah, too clever. Real men don't touch. Only during the game. Yes, master. They want singing. I'll give them singing. Get on a piano. I'm an egg. Okay, ma'am. Now, pin it. Back in my name and was straight. The invaders look today. That's why I kid the dollar raid. His got slipkays. Four and whole were in game backstage. I'll take it from here. The guy's that like the worship man. The thing we want to see for the door waving at him again. I'll take it from here. The guy's that like the worship man. The thing we want to see for the door waving at him again. Did it mean to sooth Brass Dave tooth. Or to ticko hairy dain. Jesus Christ, I really hate. Jesus, God's land, God. I'm 50 to 560 WM happy new year, too. 78 votes on a pool of what's your new year's resolution this year. New year's resolutions are for assholes 33. Oh, have a lot more sex 19. Lose weight 17, quit boozing five. Don't take any crap three. Quist smoking one. Did you get a hold of Moses? I'm trying. He's got to bring me my stuff. Huh? Am I drugs, too? Come on, Moses. Let's get with it sweetheart. We'll must have some other contacts. Ah, because I feel this thing coming back on. Which gets me back on. Oh, there's my good friend, Moth. Like I said, you better give it those engineers in the figure out what they want to do that equipment. Because I'm not going back. What's gives me back to Amsterdam? What, what, what, I'll pit? What a toilet. As a tourist, it's fine for a few days. You go over in a summertime or in a spring when it's tourist season. But even this last summer, I noticed after 9.11, the number of tourists there weighed down. Now, this year, going over there at Christmas time, which I had done before, and was pretty good, there were almost no tourists. So what does that leave you with? The Dutch F. Oh, my God. Who now wants to be hanging out with a bunch of Dutch people? Other Dutch? I don't think so. Root, obnoxious, pushy, nasty. And that apartment, am I? You'll notice that I got a little bit of the cough back in the year. They're raspiness. The same milder and mold and crap. So I was able to sleep. I was there for 10 days. Never slept in my bed, which all the bedrooms are in a basement. Once, nobody in what a brain makes bedrooms in a basement, especially in a 10th World country like Holland. Okay, Peter, you idiot? And so I slept here in the night in the couch. I don't want to tell you about the big soul in the dance I had with the satellite dealer. Instead, well, I don't want to go through it. They see Americans coming 100 miles away. All they want to do is rip off Americans, and they do a good job of it. So I finally decided, I'm getting out of this pit. This place is crap. I hated it. And I make a rest plane reservation to go back to Toronto. And the last night that I'm there with my luck, I may have been doing so great. Thanks to Dr. Hamft. For months now, I've been doing no, no scratching is even with the cold weather in Toronto and Amsterdam. Oh, and another thing about Amsterdam, when it's 30 degrees in Toronto, and it's not windy, it's not bad. You're dressed for it. You got it. You know, heavy-conna. It's not for not a problem. But then bother me in the least, but 30, 32, 28. When it's 30 in Amsterdam, it's a humid 30 because of North C. I guess. And it's that wet and windy, just kind of, it's like being back and he's lancing again. Oh, it just goes right through your body. Man. So that's another reason not to go there, especially this time of the year. Boas. So the last night, I wake up 3 in a morning with a scratchy throat. After all these months, they're doing so great, not having, you know, the sign-in sign-in picture, which is what I had before. And that's exactly where I got it in that pit, in that sewer, and that damp mill-the-weed dank apartment. See, one thing about being over there, or in a lot of these 80-80 world, 80-first world countries, anybody can be a landlord. You got a piece of property? Sure, Schmire much of stuff together. Here's an apartment. How much can I rip you off for it? That's why it works. Now, you didn't talk about that L Goldstein thing on a year, did you? Yeah, I read the story. You talked about your good friend, L Goldstein on this program? I read the story. Oh, you didn't just have a birthday, did you? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. What we still got that damn thing pending, you know what? I know, it's actually him. I just thought that the him and his big upnuckious mouth verbatim, right? You missed the picture in a sun-sonnolo, yeah, I did. Look like somebody stuck two bicycle pumps up his ass, and just had a field name, a less 600 pounds, start naked, which he was shirtless in his picture. Oh my God, don't look at it at breakfast time, folks. And he had his king. He had an his gold slipper and his king. It was lovely, Al. It was a beautiful thing. Maybe Al would like to take my new apartment over there and if he ever gets his passport back, we'll let it happen. No, no. Because now he's also getting sued by one of his ex-wife, the same harassment lawsuit that he got from the, uh, do you remember when they sent him to write his island? Well, send you flowers, Al. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Hello. Miami is gone. Shame on you. Here's for Laudredale. Hello. Happy June here. Back to you. Hey, I didn't, I couldn't help but noticing that you described two people the exact same way this morning. I was wondering what the chances of work, the moist and the hook up with your mom. Oh, man. It's made in heaven. I love it. Maybe she can smear some paprika on his back though, and wig. Oh, that would get never get talking to one of them. Okay. Thanks. That sounds good to me. 560560. Well, I tell you we're going to tremendous response here. My first day back after this long hiatus, long vacation, the first day of the new year. We're going to respond. Oh, for what? Let's talk about the dolphins, huh? We love the dolphins. Come on. Let's go. Panthers are only four points out of first place. Anybody care about them? No. But that was a coma inducing game again yesterday. God was that bad. Where's that great dolphin saw? Oh, yeah. Let's hear it. Come on. As you may, the greatest football team. We'd sing for you. Yeah. We take it and stick it down our throat. In their case, it's called choke. Some of the rest of us do that. It's called something else when they do what it's called choke and gag. What's sometimes we might? 560560. Come on. Wake up this town. The earlier job. Maybe wake up these dead bastards. He wanted your raspy throat. Where's my drugs, God damn it? Here's for Latterdale. Hello. Yeah. Is this going to be an ongoing thing with you and Howard? Oh, no. It's Reverend Jones again. Oh, no. Oh. Oh. Only one thing I want to say to you, you jackass, okay? Yeah. Reverend Jones, it took less than an hour before we got one of our favorite. He's okay. How is the baseball cap? What? Dick Finder said you look like a jackass, but we'll take your money. We'll take anybody's money at Pompid O Park. By the way, did you mention Tuesday? They were open in the Tuesday night for racing on New Year's Eve? Yes. Did you? Yes. Oh, you had a spot? Yeah. Good. Nice one. There's Steve. Well, they're doing it, baby. I was there Monday night with Fat Rich and Derek. My good friends. I haven't even told the Fat Rich story yet. Came with him about a curly little hero of death, I would say. Lost all of that way. He looks like a different person now. Looks kind of like a medium fat old Jew. Fly and local. Here's Sports Video 560's You A. You A.M. Anyway, Muth just came in and said, Howard David's bitch. The beach of South Florida. This is the rhythm at beat. You miss out on, with the beach of South Florida. Especially when you leave in the face. We've got a touch there that's nowhere to be heard. Even if you can't touch, you see, you'll dig up the South Florida. If the P-Lack of those damned, you'll drag the throw across the garbage can away. They don't dig it up. And the beating of South Florida, you're doing it. There's the beat, the South Florida. It's not with the sun burned home, your brain. And drink your bones. Death Florida. That's with me. I'm in the state by the way. It's only an hour out of the show already made the first mistake right down on your little daily planner there. The old man of a stake in 1001 on the first year of the year. Because I meant to say Muth said, Howard David's a bitch. There you go. I played a wrong one. Sorry about that. Don't do it again. 99 votes on the poll. What's your new year's resolution is year? And 42 people, which is 42.4% said. New year's resolutions are for asshole. Absolutely correct. Have a lot more sex 23, lose weight 20, quit boozing 7, don't take any crap 5 and quit smoking 2. And Georgia's new year's resolution is the girl little pair. Just a little. Just a little teeny tiny pair. That first at least become almost visible. At least you can feel them. If you reach around, keep searching, you can feel that they're there. That's a start. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Oh, you just think? Sounds like you. Oh, how you doing? Good. Happy New Year, too sir. Thank you sir. I listened to every day the reason I called is I was so happy to hear you talk about Howard B. I named this morning. Yeah. Does he have a contract there? Yes. How long? How much longer? I don't know too long, whatever it is. That's what I keep saying. I used to listen from a six o'clock on. I now listen from nine o'clock on. I was a goldie there by himself. Yeah, he was there by himself this morning. You was speaking pretty good this morning. Man, oh, why would I mean, I've heard some egos before, but this guy is really, I think the two words you're looking for is here are pompous ass. Those are the words you're looking for. Pompous ass. If you look up pompous ass, the dictionary, you see most hairpiece. Next time. Thank you. That's all. I had to say I was just wondering how much longer it's contract. Those are how much longer I got to put up with his group. He just turned 86. So he might not be around too long. Happy New Year, pal. See you. Five, six, seven. See people in live out there age. You won't tell you how old they are. People are wear hairpieces. People are talking about how other people dress. Who come into a radio show dressed up like, you know, like Austin Burke. I mean, what is that all about? Huh? I mean, like Johnny Versace. Johnny. How's Johnny doing? It's in him lately, huh? Don't see him no more. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, ponds, 5, 60. You notice how that bitch hasn't called in yet? Let's have some women calling in. Let's get our first lady of the year. What do you say? This is a very important show when it's the first show of the year, right? I'm all fired up. I had a nice holiday there. I had a good time, especially after I got out of Amsterdam. It's a pit. It's a toilet. You know, I'm the first one to tell you. I made a mistake. I was all those years on the year. Telled everybody how great it was. And not only that. But maybe it's because of the lack of tourists. But they've really let the middle of the time of the red light district. Which really, that's a bad term because it's like the central part of the town. And they've let it go to hell. So for all of the roster drug dealers they had before they must be multiplying. They must be snapping about in the factory. So when I was like 10 times more than they're used to be. And they're just all over the place and they're in a smell and they're scrubbing. They're just too many freaks. Okay. See before when they're all a tourist there, you didn't mind the freaks because they were in a small minority. And so you laugh and you chuckle. I look at that. But now they're the majority. You know, it's like going to overtime. Looking for white people. It's just, it's not going to happen. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon. Wireless line. Board sure is good. And I really do. I am glad to be back briefly. I was going to walk. I don't want over do it. Why? Yeah. To pick up the check. And to make out a few a sign a few checks. What else? How to go to the track? Make my, make my presence known there. Visit mom. Visit mom. Get some of her ground brown burgers with lots and lots of pepper and paprika. And then during the course of our lunch, she starts. She starts sipping whatever she's gotten her glass. And it's lemonade. And she says, Oh, I can't think that makes me gagging. She runs right in the toilet. She runs right into her bathroom. I don't even know what else she was. I can only imagine what she was doing in there. And I said, lemonade is nothing but acid. My, it's how acidic. And last time I checked, we weren't how acidic. But you know, it's one of those things where you know it's going to hurt you. But you do what so you can stretch about it. Follow what I'm saying. You know it's going to be bad for you. But you do it because it gives you something to bitch about. Right, ma and my right. Here is Miami. Hello. Hey Mr. Rod. Yes sir. Mr. Car. How you doing? Listen, that F.O.B. should stop. I don't fry, man. Look. Take the pictures on the air to beat the dog. Who's that? Mo Howard. Mo Howard. Yeah. More to the dog. Because what the hell he's doing? Picking the picture. The room where I was here and after the game was that everybody feels he put the hex on the team. When they lost the game there at the end. Okay. And have a nice say whatever you're celebrating. Nice quans. I guess he just want to burped that out. 5.670560 pound 5.660 on a AT&T line. We got our first woman to the ear yet. No. What's straight? Love a quid. I don't know. Whatever they make it. Whatever whatever it is. Whatever the standard is would like some instructions. I don't know. I'm just sitting here in pop at like pez. Like Mickey Mouse says. I'll be pop and give us gone and love a quid like pez. Something an act is thing out. I'm serious. Could you hear it? Can't you? A little bit. A little not bad. But I've had the cool. I've got it on week or Sunday. I have these sort of tall drops. Oh yeah. That'll do it. Thanks. I know it. If I could give me out of here again. I don't think we should do the whole four hours to do. Let's play some tapes. No. Because it's not. See, I really thought. Call me a moron. I guess somebody already did moron. But I thought that January 2 is when they holidays end. That's why I came back. I could have probably scammed the old till Monday. You know what? Well, they're coasting. Don't you think I could have scammed the old. Oh, speaking of the coast. WMGE goes hip hop. Yeah. It's now WMIB. I know I already mentioned this. But maybe we got somebody else who's heard it so far. Because I asked kids, Scurvy, who was in here this morning. Give me a nice big fat cigar. Do you see that big fat one at Kikurri? Whipped out. And I gave it to George. By the way, kid, thanks very much. But I don't smoke those big hand rolled ones. Oh, especially the ones that got that mung at the end there. I do for the stars. On circumstances ones. Ooh, man. That was nasty. Look like a famos cigar. I've never seen anything like that in my life. Didn't it? It's said on the end, made in famosa. Right on the tip. It said that. But anyway, he was telling me about the new hip hop. And he said it's a WEDR light. He said, just what we needed was another hip hop stick. Spom may be we'll get a more objective view from somebody in the audience. Because probably the people on their power down the hall. He or crap in their pants about it. He would never let that out to me because then I go on here and tell you that. All of me like kid Kri a lot. He is a good guy for 72. Used to be the oldest guy in the building until somebody came along. Here's West Palm Beach, hello. Oh, no. Yes, sir. Hey, good morning. How you doing? Great. I'm, hey, the only thing we're disturbing, we're looking at more every day. Is when you drive well, town, value back. Yeah. You know that beef, oh, don't boys everywhere. I haven't seen anything we had about a herd of bottom. There's like 2 on 95, one of the turnpikes. And it's huge. It says beef, though. It's almost like he's my daughter. And you do understand that's one for each of his listeners. He doesn't show in the book. He has a non-measurable audience. And he still's got billboards, more power to him. Nice going, beef. Hey, you're all sniffing away steps. You can't see his ankle personally. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, man, man, how so? Yeah. No, boy, does he have net dogs, nuts in the sand or what? Yes. Really game, man. He does the play by playing the color. I don't listen to him on radio, so I don't know about that. Is he really stepping all over now? Yeah, I mean, I think he has a cue to that dog when he can talk. Just manage. I am a pussy. Well, there you go. Okay, thanks a lot. He's also picking on poor Joe Rose, another one of our good friends. We even though he's a little bit of a backstabber. It's still pretty good guy. Right? Especially now that I've pushed him up with his teeth. Amen. Yeah, we like Joe Rose. Joe, we never had any problem with Joe. Bonded in the morning. Joe had a problem with moth that day that he wanted to take him out. Remember that? I wish you all the best to wake him up here on his floor. Remember that? Yeah, that was funny. Yeah, that was because he didn't like the format. As if moth was going to go in there to fill us and say, oh, the water not. He's sorry. I slipped. And to look at that, the market is up 145 points. Let's hear it. The dough is going up. Neal is back. It's going to be a great new year. Come on. Let's pretend we think it's going to be a great year. Let's lie about it. Start. Let's forget about North Korea and the guy damn you. Rackies and the Arabs. Oh, it's speaking to the Arabs. Now you did see the thing. I mean, talk about stupid. I don't want to say that we're stupid. Our intelligence people. It's an oxymoron American intelligence. But the FBI is talking to this Pakistani juror. They used his picture. See, when when you get a phony passport, it's always a good idea to steal somebody else's identity. Follow what I'm saying? Yeah. Yeah. And somebody that you can appear to look very much like. Right? Right? Or even better than whatever. Or maybe he had another picture on it that was really his own picture. But the fact of the matter wasn't just the one guy, obviously. It was all five of these guys that they're looking for were came in from Toronto. A. Those damn can. And they're blaming the Canadians. Which they got to take the blame because they're a bunch of slackers. You know, why came back? Although that's American customs. When you're coming back in the airport at Pearson. And the guy takes your passport and he slips it through the thing. The information he says, where were you? What state were you born in? I said New York. Okay. Have a nice trip. That was it. What state were you born in New York? That's it. So that's a 150 chance. There anyway. Okay. I could have guessed it. I could be an ass murderer. They wouldn't know. He said, how about those maple leaves? I said, yeah. Don't know. I don't know how about we're doing it. How about that we know, Vancouver, the night with all of injuries. How we're doing it, baby. Let's talk some hockey. No. That'll blow the rest of the audience off. Whatever you didn't already do with. And we have a lady on here. Our first lady in the year. Let's do a drum roll. I bet you're not that bitch. Here is our first lady of 2013. Oh. In four water down. Hello. Welcome back to the old. Thank you. How are you? Happy New Year. And the same to you. You're not that nasty bitch. They're called and Ripley, the other day. The George? Oh, no. I'm another bitch. Okay. I just wanted to say welcome back. And you got a lot of lady listeners. Why do you keep saying that? Why does everybody always say that to me? I have a lot of lady listeners. But they just don't put us down in the diaries. It's just unfashionable to admit they listen to the show. Oh, no. I thought everybody else. Oh. But I'm not going to get you dirty. Look. No. But I told them to, you know, off. They tell me they got it. Exactly. Did you hear about the brewery? Is, uh, old Goldstein's house last week? Yeah. I mentioned that before about the picture him with a came on the Golden Slipper's Yeah. And he was working to crowd. I liked it. So, um. And then the business about his girlfriend. I can assure you that, uh, that's that's a really stretch in it. And the term two. I think he was working it and the crowd too. Right. Have a great day, sweetheart. You too. Very new. Mary, uh, to you. Mary, Mary from Bucks North. Remember we heard from Mary Mary not too long ago? Mm-hmm. That was pretty exciting. Five to see. We got a whole different attitude about the show this year. Like I said, I did hear Tom Jickle was filling in for any K-1 night when I was up in Toronto. I heard that. In fact, remember one of his many spy reports. I can rip him now because he's out of town. And I think Ferrell still out in LA so they're not hearing. He's probably listening on the internet. How you doing, remember? How's it going, eh? And that's right. They're on the way. They got to play Colorado. And I think I got to play in Vancouver. Saturday after the Panthers. I was going to play to the one went over the Comotos New Jersey Devil's yesterday. And a metal lens with a big crowd of about 7,000 people. Yeah, they got 38 points. Not too bad. They're even getting out of road. Not too bad at all at home. Kind of coma inducing. And nobody cares. They've destroyed the franchise. Even though the record is not that bad, my kids do an a beautiful job. But, uh, what kind of telling? Nobody cares. Very sad. Now that I'm back, I can go to a bunch of hockey games, George. Right. Uh-huh. All right. How exciting, man. We got to step a cany of philic, can you smell it? Like, uh, Bokeh Branson. The beat of sounds floor it do. Ha ha ha ha. I can smell it about 1200 miles away. Here's another lady in Miami, hello. Hello? Yes, man. Well, hi there. Sir, sir, Neil. I'm sorry. So you used to calling the talking to George. How you doing? You called George? You put you believe it or not? I really dig him. I really do. He's a nice guy. He's a genius. He is so sharp. He's a sharp as a tack. He's talking about asshole the tongue eating. How can you do it? I really do it. If he was particularly eating ass, man, we'd be a lot better often. That trying to be this world expert, you know, about the Koreans and about all these other Goops. If he would just stick to the ass, stuff, man, he'd have a tension. I'm telling you. That's the world, the world is all about eating ass. Sneaking with that little brown crack. Yeah, you know what? I wouldn't have any little bit of that nail, but the side's the point. Yeah. I tell you, fair. I know, fair. Well, I used to see you back in the day when the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the arena and I just run into you and I just love going to the day. Those are the days. I went to the game like last weekend and I didn't even recognize one guy on, on the, on the team. I, I mentioned that to John, yes, they were watching a game. I said, one of the reasons people know because they don't know when these players are. They suck and they are, and on top of it, they suck. It's terrible. But they're only four points out of first place in a little girl division of theirs. They're not going to bad. Exactly. I guess so, but, you know, it's just, but they give it the promise of the home games have all been so coma and, and do soon. It's just so, uh, not good, not good and a quick and a crowd. Because I got the hockey package up there to run or I see little bits and pieces of the game. And even though they try not to show you the, the stands every once in a while, a camera at a certain angle. You can see that there's nobody there. And then, and then they get two sellouts back to back out of the blue against the Dallas and a range of last weekend. And they, and they score a total of one goal in both games. Oh, I know it was up to Dallas game. It was totally confusing. I couldn't believe how it was bad. And it was the first game I'm bringing my child to and it was like, well, my maple leaves are doing pretty Dan good, okay. And spite of all of our problems were after the slow start, we're doing pretty good. Yeah, I thought about you while I was heard that day we're going to be playing. So, how I'm glad that you're back. Not that I'm not just, you know, in pure George's work, but I really miss you. Well, you know, after George is fine for like, you know, a couple of days, but like an hour, he's pretty good. 10 or 15 minutes during a break when I go out and take a big dump during those few minutes he does a masterful job. Have a great day and I'm happy new year. I'm going to leave you now because I know you all busy. Okay, thanks. Bye now. Oh, I saw a great thing on one of the history channels. See, my, my digital cable in Toronto is so much better than the cable we got here. Kable here is Sox Ellis as can be. No serious. I got about like 10 different history channels and I got that drive in TV channel. I told you about in screen TV and all of this good stuff, the biography channel, etc. We're talking about those, the different hits. But I saw a mafia documentary. I hadn't seen me for which I thought I'd seen them all. Go ahead and sneeze. They'll think it's me. Oh, I would never sneeze. That was like a panzy sneeze. I think they're right. Huh? That was like a little panzy. That was like a leo. Leo, the capio snow. Please, no, I'm insulting. Yes. That was bad. I'm going to tell them all about that. I'm going to leave my note and anonymous note that Guava Eaton's spik sneezes like a panzy. Remember Matt La panzy? He was in that movie. Am I tutor? Any gallery to live in Newton's John? Sir, watching this mafia. Yes, he's related to Elton, John? No. So I haven't talked about fat boy yet from our sales department. And we have a wheeled the gurney up here yet when his body strapped to it. This is the year I think. Now we're going to carry over the money from my serious office pool on fat boy. Does that carry over to 2003? It's a roll over kind of. Double or nothing? Here's a call from Miami. Hello? Yes, sir. Good morning. Winner's to you? How are you? Excellent. I'm looking for my little frog. I'm doing pretty good. Yeah, I'm looking for all his more Howard David stuff. Actually, his name is Mo Howard. Yeah. I think I have as much as Lee Corsough. Oh, yeah, he's another one. That'd be a good poll one way. Let's take a poll one day. Who do you hate the most Lee Corsough or Bino Cook? It's a push. Um, me all. This guy's more Howard. I mean, this guy comes in the town. He's got to understand him when he comes out of this radio station. I know he did Monday night football. He thinks he's big time. Yeah. He's a big guy. If you, then Hank. And a man dog. And then man, bitch. Right. And then, and then, Mo Howard. I mean, this guy is awful. You look like a guilty. Well, guilty. Back. Me all, me all this, um, this guy's got to understand that, that now that there's no football to talk about. What are you going to talk about? Yeah, what are you going to do now? How is he going to, how is he going to cut guilty off of the past? Every time he brings up something about the Panthers are hockey, how is he going to do that now? And of course, I guess what he'll probably do is milk the dolphin thing, which he would be easy to do in this town because they'll be crying about it until April 15 when the draft comes or whatever the date April is. Well, he doesn't even like the dolphins. He likes the jet, he likes the Patriots. Well, all I can say is it's a little bit suspect for a guy to use to do the Celtics games and work in Boston all those years to be picking the Patriots to beat the dolphins and then pretend to Harvey Green. He's just doing it as a joke. See, it's all it. He's talking about me doing things under the guys of stick and yet, which I really do. And in his case, he does things that pretend he's only joking about him and turns up the who knows. Amy, I think it's, I also, I think it's the B.S. that he didn't say he fired the beast. I mean, can you break? Sir, I'm going to tell you right now, as George is my witness. There is no chance in the world that anybody other than Mohour David blew the beast off an at show. Not only did he blow him off the show, but the morning that Howard took the day off or was sick or whatever and the beast was interacting with Gildey on there. He called in and said, get him off of there. He's on professional. Let him do the scores on the updates, but don't let him get on the show. And I was in a building when it happened. I was here. But he's going to not put his body's going up to do silent reporting for the R.K. But forget about whether he's good or bad. I mean, he can come on here and say he's the worst thing he ever heard. And that's his opinion. He's entitled to his show. But why does he always deny it? Why is he always put it over on me? Oh, you're hooded with a train monkeys and he can say anything and they believe it. Why would I make that up? What would be the point of my making that up? I don't know. Let's take we should just put Jim Rome on in the morning. Oh, God. Have a great day. He was doing so good up until that point, you know what? Rome? Have I heard Romey? Well, I haven't checked the affiliate. Oh, yeah, check the affiliate. Let's, of course, think out a pretty weak signal. 147 votes on a pull on the aradios.com. Let's get this audience back, baby. George Bushred it. Let's get it back. Let's not beat around a bush when George is on the audience flies away from here, but that's he can't help it. He's got, you know, he's lame. Ah. Actually, George is the problem with George is he needs a voice transplant. He's like, you know, they maybe we can get a two for one deal. Because the words that are coming out are fine. What you're saying? What you're saying? No, you don't need to coach. You need a transplant. A voice transplant. I mean, maybe let's strap on a couple of balls at the same time. What I'm not high pitched. If you ever speak to that man again, I ain't gonna. I mean, in my wrong way I'm saying no. If somebody, I mean, he, you'll work for him. He has no authority. He already tried. Definitely then you're got you fired, but the first time was it in his case. Then it couldn't happen. So what power does he have over you with this program? He has no business interfering with this program. None. And he doesn't. And if the management he read any brains, they would make them sure they keep his ass away from this program. I mean, he can take all of a shot. And these people, or ginger rogers, what do I care? I think that's amusing. That's fine. If Mohour is okay, what's wrong with ginger rogers? I've got a sense of humor. I can take all the crap, but there's a difference between stick. And at business that not so subtle business about the Oregon ducks and about how they don't want to be on it. And you know something if the hurricanes came into tomorrow on the day at the goddamn Fiesta bowl. And they said, we don't want your broadcasting hurricane sports anymore until you get that fat fat, fat, fat, and all of that. See that? How do you like it? How do you like it? All right. The power just went out. Right in the middle of that sentence. I feel like freaking Howard Beal. No, not that much like Howard Beal. Now what's that? What was I saying? Are we back on? We lost the part of the amazing thing is the phones are all still on there. How do you like these? They throw all on little backups. You know those things in there that beep. We have backup power supplies down here. Oh, I have been Toronto even. Even my little studio up there. I was at a George before to show today. How come I got a better studio with better equipment in Toronto and a much better internet? I mean, my connection up there on Bells in Padico with sensational. Never have one moment of downtime. There's no delay. Everything is instantaneous. I punch in the words Tom Brady on a search. His naked picture comes up. Life size. Yeah. But down here, everything is like kind of like not slow, not fast. Just kind of like half fast. That's the way to so the power just went out and muff came in. He's chuckle. Got to hate it. He's the only one here today in management. Clarence is out there to festival. Like I said, trying to get laid in Arizona. He does realize Arizona is like an outdoor nursing home. You ought to feel at home there. You know? Now, maybe because I saw that big article in one of the local fish records this morning about what a change since 87 that that embarrassing festival at Jimmy Johnson thing with the the hurricane. That's where the whole hurricane thing started. That's when I started calm to her. When they were wearing a khakis against their her cools all that stuff. And what a change. These are the gentler nicer kinder. Yadayel. Great. By the way, does Georgia have other than that one kid that defensive back to the quarterback? Who's like a mug one who I think is from a entry. Do they have any white kids on that team at all? No. That's what they won. That's what a kick for the state's last night. Oh my god. What a desperate effort. God. Not only did the dolphins embarrassed on Sunday. But the. The leaders and the animals both lost yesterday. Oh, right. Let's hear it. I wish starting out in a game rooting for a Georgia. And then I kind of turned because I realized that they didn't have any white guys on the team. So I know. I certainly I started rooting for a festival and then I went to bed. It was a pretty terminal game. Let's face it. The hurricanes are a semi-protein. They're going to be the national champion. They're going to beat the crap out of Ohio state. Like I started this same before the power went up before an active. Oh, good. If the hurricanes get me or not, it said we don't want to be on here unless you get the Orojuz off here. It's okay. Good luck over there with Claire Channel. This station makes big fat juicy money off this show. Which you never know. And they wouldn't have a spot. But that's because it's a you know, into the year first of the year. Big bucks from this show. Hurricanes. You make any money from that? No. No. Not only that, but then that contract we have to carry those basketball games and the baseball games. I mean, nobody's listed those. Okay. And I'm saying that haven't done six years of UN baseball, which I enjoyed. But I knew that nobody was listening. You could fit him in a goddamn boom closet. And the proof in the pudding they get an on campus basketball stadium after all these years of winding and excuses. And they'll have a big crowd there Saturday because it's the grand opening. But after that, they'll have the same 1100 people in there that they used to have an arena. Well, be a different. There's no interest. Oh, come on. You're wrong. You're just being a star. Okay. We'll see. Just like the Panthers are going to have all sell out. So where's the the I'm. I can feel it. I can smell it. Come on. Let's get out that. I'm going to get out that. Many days we love your pan. There's come on. Let's put up some excitement. No. They don't care. See, I'm learning. It's taken me about a hundred years to learn my lesson. You're not going to change these people. You're not going to change this town. They don't give a flying crap. Okay. They don't give a flying flick. Look at that. And how come we got is this thing working out of satellite? Oh. Now, what is that language? Oh, I spun. You'll, I don't want to English. I don't want, is this going to flip over to something or what? I have to do something with it. I don't know. I did it with it. Oh, my god. The power goes up. I have been on here here for an hour and a half. And already the power went out. The TV goes off. The internet's like marginal ed best. Slow as molasses. Man, you could stick a goddamn hose into the side of a maple tree and get six gallons of maple syrup faster than you can get out of the nearest.com on this website. Right, am I right? Right. What I say on this website on this thing, you have a piece of crap. How's Eric doing, by the way? It's just fine. 26 past 10 at 5, 60 WQAM. Tom Lamin and General Sales Manager Joe Prieto of Heliponti, I don't think this is a right copy. Isn't it the one you took off the tax machine? I don't think so. I think this is a wrong piece of copy. Oh, no. This is the one I brought from Toronto. No, they supposedly faxed you one this morning. Wait, you know what? Let me look for it. Hey, this is... No, I'm not talking about like with music. I'll look for a while running here. Here, I can kill a little time. Don't you like my little red folder? It's got all the copy in it. I just stick it in my sack. I take it to Toronto. I take it to bring it back here. I know I got new copy for Heliponti. I sure want to get time leaving all up to it. He'll be getting phone calls right now. You know that faggot screwed up your spot? No, I did not yet. I'm working on a time. Maybe it's in a waste basket. Oh, oh. Well, let's see, is that it now? Here's a whole bunch of crap that came over to Fax machine that you were making copies on didn't work out too well. Hey! I think somebody took a dump in his waste basket. Here's someone to mail. I went through a thanks to my good friend Dave Johnson for his yearly Christmas card. The series got Philis Diller on there with him. We should have known from that. When you shot that crap off, we should have known right from that day. The first day that Greg, remember that day when Greg brought Moan here in the first time I ever met him. Right? To suck up, you know, and to try to break him in a little bit and make him feel at ease. I don't think I did get new copy for how it. You got me looking here like some kind of a schmuck. I don't think I ever got it. Huh? So what should we do? Should we defer the spall? Let's move it around. Maybe they'll fax us a new copy. Immerald coast or something. Let's do Emerald Coast right now. And then we'll work on that. Now I did get new copy for Emerald Coast. Have I got it here somewhere? See, you've got me all turned around because we got so many spots today. I can't keep track of all these a piece of copy. Here's a good idea. The new year, let's ring it in the right way and let's attack the buffet. Huh? Let's attack the buffet at the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet. Sounds good to me. In fact, I think this weekend. I'm going to get over there. They got three locations for you. Sunrise, North Miami Beach, and the newest Emerald Coast is in prestigious Geographic Pembroke Pines. Start your mother-watering eating experience. Your pickout experience with six different soups. Try them all. Try one or two or whatever you like. Stick stuff some in your pants. Then sample dozens of suck of the hunt trays or animal surf and turf on a weekend. And New York strip made the order with the gourmet center and that gourmet center was something really special. A sizzling Asian grilla butteriafis steak shrimp chicken seafood handcar perimib, like I said all cooked to your order. And the Emerald Coast buffet promotes healthy living. They cook all of their fine stuff with cholesterol free oils. No MSG, no cornstarch, no cramp. And the buffet at the Emerald Coast features a full salad bar. A new sushi bar and fresh room cocktail too. An Emerald Coast famous lobster feast is back featuring lobster thermators and lobster Bisc. One requirement at the Emerald Coast you must leave room for dessert. They got pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream with all your favorite toppings and fresh fruit that's a perfect ending to one forgettable meal. This is the right copy either. No. I'm... I don't know. Maybe I screwed up. Is that possible? I know that's not the right copy. And I just want to take a look and see if I find the other one. I might be something different in it. Maybe they don't have lobster feast. I don't know. I think the best idea is go over there and see what they got. That's a good idea. Sounds great. They got lots of good stuff. See how you want to attack the buffet. I think maybe the two different pieces of copy disappeared here. The new ones. Because this is 1129. On fact, this one says, yeah. Oh, thanks so much. Happy showing it. Give me also an Emerald Coast film while you're at it. We got a halet. We got a little code. They got all kind. I probably threw out the new ones. Now, I'm not going to do that spot over again. Okay. No, well, we're not on the air anyway here. This is just a variety of runes. Is this really on the air? No. I didn't think so. It's a really good way. This doesn't look like a real radio studio to me. It looks like a piece of crab. Looks like a joke. Emerald Coast now with three locations. Sunrise at Pine, I'm not 44. Collins Avenue just north of 163rd North by me Beach. And at the intersection of Flamingo and Pembroke in Pembroke, Pines. Where's my drugs, by the way? Emerald Coast of Cepter Reservations. Take on delivery available as well. Call 9 5 4 5 7 2 38 22 for more information on the Emerald Coast. And look for their new Oriental chicken salad. It's more than just chicken schmith at the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet. My life and look all this is for 2560. You wait, you wait. It's how it, how it dated. You wait, you wait. You wait. You wait. You wait. You wait. You wait. You wait. You wait. You wait. You wait. You wait. You wait. You wait. You wait. You wait. You wait. You wait. You wait. You wait. You wait. You wait. You wait. You wait. You wait. You wait. You wait. You wait. It's coming up. It's in there for you to fall to star. It's one of the best. It's coming up. It's in there for you to fall to star. In Jimmy. There's another actor on the elephant. I quoted for you. I reported it, it ran to the party. I knew it was a failure. Far from other brothers. Far from another guy. They got imported. I punished. I didn't do that. I reiss off the rail. Are you in there now? Who's been dicking with this? I haven't been dicking with it But I'm playing it all week and it sure is how it wasn't on continuous How do you like that? I told you when I came in here this morning It's obvious that somebody was having heavy duty in here yesterday or last night or whatever And they got all this sports crap on my computer That wouldn't have been me on the URL line. You know when you go and you click on all your uh, you know Your favorites. You got ESPN dot com and sportscraft dot com and sports nerd dot com And there's a big sign on the door out there. It says don't tick with any of the computers on in here And no matter who you are what you're doing or uh, you know, how much you know Greg read and He's still coming here in dick around. I think just out of spite. I think Robert Greeper done it Don't trust him as far as you can throw him. Okay. Just remember I told you that I don't want to start turning you against anybody to building just don't trust Robert Don't speak to them all don't trust Robert and watch out for guilty Regis saves Donahue. Phil gave him a big hug and said rage really came in and came through for him Phil Donahue's floundering new show has gotten a new lease on like thanks to Regis Philbin Here's a pal guess who stepped up to help me out. He's prices Donahue to clear thinking chat King Philbin for guessing on a show With critics predicting that Donahue's MSNBC gig was close to getting axed He needed a try to chew audience poor who better than the wildly popular co-host of live with Regis And Kelly see I don't understand that I like Regis, you know And we'll never forget that day before we became too big for his brooch is when we had him on the phone and he said I like him, but why is he so wildly popular? I have no idea He doesn't I mean he's amusing not not not real funny, but amusing, you know, it kind of a low key way too yeah But I don't feel personally called Regis and asked him to help save his shows as a source and Regis came through for him Even though he usually runs a mile from anything political reads told him everybody needs it helping hands sometime That's what I tell a lot of guys even the great Phil Donahue just tell me how I can help Phil explained he was at his wit's end trying to figure out why a show was sinking Regis told him look pal Paly nobody knows why working the ratings are deserved, but if I if I appear as a guest We'll have us a good laugh if nothing else and that's exactly what happened to Simbert 10 for an hour at least the dark cloud There's been hovering over Donahue for the past few months seem to disappear Since it's July debut the shows remained in a distant third as we've been telling you with the ratings from the grudge report Phil could hardly contain his emotions as an insider as he gave Regis a big hug and told him you came through for me when I really needed you Thanks pal and did he an MSEC's MSNBC spokesman confirms the monahue show ratings have improved Yeah, see we now doesn't say what the ratings are in here though I'd like to know exactly what they were they will have to talk to our good friend mr. Grudge Not not I mean like personal, but like it at over the his website Says the insider reads told the network's big wigs feels a terrific broadcaster Who deserves to be right up there with the other big cable shows we should all give them a break Good for you, Regis. I told you's a good guy. It's part of that Notre Dame thing and how about Notre Dame yesterday? Oh man. You like that game George? They got wall up by North Carolina state. I loved it Almost better than sexual Santa Spectacles watching Notre Dame lose especially watching getting trounced Here's the fact that says no mow mow happy new year to you and George too. How did George do let's get some spy reports? Do your Neil and George happy new year I'm looking forward to another year of being chronic. Oh no. Oh I got a headache You know what this is from see tried new prints. I wouldn't recognize who it's from generic like new type. Yes Jeff highs buddy David and his brother Cory and new listener well, Santa's a picture of Cory and how old is he? Now let's you know if we care David for not get yourself some help David okay, and your buddy Jeff Hi, which I'm glad he did pass me this because it reminded me of the other piece of news on the agenda that haven't spoken about yet But because we got so many call Here's Fort Lauderdale hello Yes, sir happy new year same to you Well about six years ago I moved the North Florida and I told you that and you told me it'd be the biggest mistake of my life Yeah, and you were right. I moved back. Told you I was in Tallahassee of all places just like I told you about Amsterdam It's a pit yep and Also It just want to say that I'm not sure you know the the seminal is weird I know you were just talking about Now what was the final score that came? I don't know I couldn't stand to watch anymore. I went to bed I couldn't stand to watch enough because of the fact that it was a bad game, but it just I didn't have no interest Exactly no watch guys. It was kind of like watching Florida A and M is that the school? That's all black and gremlin, you know exactly the Wrathlers. Yeah, that's them There's the right the street from the seminal It's kind of a bleed over you know Also Okay, he's gone he's he disappeared on that that's that he didn't hang up See what's just having on our phone again somebody's digging with a whole thing and here the power went out to phone went dead Welcome back to soft photo like I said I have better luck in Toronto with all my equipment there Never have any of these problems. We haven't even been on here done even close to two hours yet today and already everything is in the cracker Thank God that muff is here. You know what oh, thank God for that Where'd it help would we be we'd be between a rock and a hard thing a lot 567 come on let's get this phone with a fighter stamp. We got some phone problems But let's get going here man first day of the new year welcome back happy new year Wouldn't you think they'd be calling in by the by the ones? Oh, they have to figure out your back Here's Miami. Hello Yeah, I think it was 36 13 What was it? Well, that's pretty weak pretty weak But hey They go one Okay, call up out of the sports shows. Okay. They'll talk to guys who we can understand talking to a midden 567. Oh 560 pound 560 and the good thing about that kid no was very entertaining They had Terry Bowden on it. They have time show you know a Bobby son The mugwump you'd you'd enjoy we know you're not into sports you would enjoy seeing Terry Bowden just just for a couple minutes He is definitely the entry special I'm I'm Tony he is he's the definitive entry spade you you'll fight him up in the tree with a cute with a banjo guarantee Terry Bowden 19 before 11 at 560 wk a m time layman in general sales manager Joe Prieto of Hall of Pontiac GMC Wish ne arrived as listeners a very happy new year well I could have said that at Hall of Check out the area's biggest election of 2003 GMC on boys on boy excels you con you con excels and Denali's that's right nobody's got a bigger one a bigger selection than Hallett Then on my good friend bow halid over to Pomp and O park he said he's got a big one as a wall of Hennessy said Hey, by the way guys go on Mickey McNickle at a pretty good night there Monday. What's going on Mickey? Halid also has a great selection of pre-owned cars trucks and SUVs credit problems never a problem in Hallett So for the biggest selection known GMC SUVs Neil deals and lots more see our good close personal friends at Hall of Pontiac GMC 134 a one-saftyxie highway That's he was one across from the falls open every day of your life seven days a week for more information call the Neil deal hotline at one triple eight five three four forty two eleven that's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven and don't forget to mention you heard about the Neil deal because you're always safe even more when you Be mentioned my name Halipontiac GMC who continue saying even in this new year we be professional grade He was obsessed Harry are you in there? Oh yeah with a need for privacy Harry it's about you infant he spent hours locked in his little fantasy world Harry are you listening to me you've been in that long enough the bathroom I'm coming And what have you been doing in here all morning young man The young the Django we know brothers pictures presents the gripping tale of Harry Palmer privately showing this November 1045 at five sixty wqm happy new year to a georgias decided to come back in What what's going on what are you looking at doesn't When you start dancing around with Carlos like that and doing the tango getting all hyperventilating like that It makes me wonder what that was going on here something I don't know about like we've been off the year last hour something maybe No, seriously, what is going on here? I'm so glad to be here folks not He didn't hold us in talent sheets, but what but But stuff was too far down the hall for me to haul her out of he was just in the doorway He was just standing right there and I hate definitely need some talent sheets, okay? So we can get our talent delivered by the pony in case it doesn't get sidetracked and Memphis in Dallas first He looks kind of quick 567.0560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line Here's Helen Dale. Hello hey Neil happy new year same to you sir. How are we going all right? I have a question that I'd be very interesting for your listeners, but yeah Since I am just completely sick of this that's full that we live in I was just curious can you just tell me a little bit about how you were able to I mean I know you make a lot of money so obviously I'm not like you but as far as living in Toronto or in Canada in general I mean how how could one go about moving up there? I mean I know do you have to have dual residency to do that and Expect about their compared to here and Just think oh, it's a lot it's a lot cheaper there because a Canadian dollar's only worth 63 and a half-sensei So it's so it's a good bargain for Americans Yes, that's true. Hey, but you don't have to be a Canadian citizen. I mean look at all the people that have a Partman's down here than out of American citizens. They're like the snowboards. They don't you don't have to be a Canadian citizen Or half-work yeah, that's why come back every once in a while just long enough to put my toe on a soil Okay Is it Is it a place you'd recommend or any other places in Canada? When you say is it a place I'd recommend for what I mean what what does that mean? I recommend I don't know what that means For an ordinary slip like myself who you know It's just a hardworking guy who's just absolutely think of this well Toronto is a great city. I'll tell you that if you don't like to cool weather You wouldn't like it because they got plenty of cool weather But it's not the real nasty grotesque In fact, it's even not nearly as bad as upstate New York even though it's further north because it's on the north shore like Ontario So they get like the real bad buffalo roaches to rubsit New York weather Okay, I love Toronto, but that doesn't mean you'd like it just because I like it that I mean I like rockin' nice cream with it Don't mean you like it. Oh no, absolutely not I just heard from people outside of the because to be out for the eye I am only fortunate to hear your show every couple of months because of work and all that but well that's that's not acceptable That's that's not good. Yeah I'm I was in No, of course they are One and there should have been one more selection on our pool for the New Year's resolution and that should be listen to new Rogers a lot more in 2003 That's right. We need to get that lower audience back on here now that we've been sabotaged all around us here by these sports nerds I agree that's I could believe me. I would listen to you 24 seven. Okay. I'll see you at the on center pal Okay, and don't go to pizza pizza you'll hate it Well, you want some restaurant recommendations, you know, how do you attack the buffet at pizza pizza? It's it's it They don't have good pizza there at least I haven't discovered any in I'm I can't beat in pizza anyway. I can't eat the crust how's our buddy ponytail doing fine? Now do we get any reports before I start ripping him an ass about fat boy? Let me give you the good news about my close personal friend fat rich And last time I was here the night tell the story about how he was all blown up like a bull friend I didn't talk about it too much because it was embarrassing It weren't specific about his issues. He was let's say retaining water. Okay, so here's a guy that ordinarily wait about I don't know three something pretty hefty guys Had the wait problem like many of the rest of us only more so for years and Blue up like a bull frog in fact. There were some of us who were like not looking forward to the end of the year We thought he wasn't gonna make the office pool, you know? And I find out while I'm in Toronto. I get a frantic call come to find out that he had another one of his collapses and work Past out had to be rushed to the hospital took his blood pressure was 50 over 30 you know What kind of a blood pressure 50 over 30 is sir dead close And they found out that one of his chambers of his heart wasn't working They said it looks like Maryland chambers and she ain't doing too good now either. Is she dead? I don't think so now, which is the one that's dead. Oh Linda love laces dead right in John Holmes Right, I'll tell you what sort of he did that's hercial what's his name hercial not hercial walker hercial savage you know who he is no porn home movie star No, he's dead these old cockers man are still making movies. I can't believe it. Personal savage Peter North Ron Jeremy Yeah, exactly. What what is that all about? He could do it so anyway the good news is he lost a bundle away. They put a pacemaker in he looks great I saw him at the track Monday night. He's walking. He's bouncing around. He's doing fine. Let's hear for fat rates good guy Never stole a free train Now getting to the other fat guy which should not quite as good of a story Fat boy aka jf high. Let's do the lady first and let her out by the sea. Hello. Hi, my name is Amanda. I'm from Iowa. What help me, Rhonda? Oh, she's saying hey, I thought you used to go to Amsterdam. I just got through talking about Amsterdam Oh, I'm sorry. I just got on the line. I'm going out on Amsterdam. I'm not too crazy about it anymore It's gotten to be a real pit. So toilet No, I tell you what this is our best season down here in Florida. My husband retired two years ago Yeah, so I call it long term so we're down here for three months and this is in the best December And the best New Year so far and I wanted to wish you happy New Year and the same to you. Thanks But yeah, and this has been great. Gulf Stream open tomorrow. Oh, yeah A lot of I wins our in town for the big game too a lot of what I ones are in for the big game We play us in the orange ball. Well, that's right the orange ball tonight, right? It is. Yeah, eight o'clock In fact, I've actually we got to hear on QM for May to midnight. We do I'm looking at my schedule right now. Thanks for reminding me And the panthers Colorado gamers on waxy 790 what kind of crap is that? Is that an investment or what? We don't even have a local team play in the orange bowl and we got the panthers were farming up to 790 waxy That's embarrassing Seriously, if I remember the Panther organization is not bad enough that Moe won't let the gully talk hockey in a morning But here we got the Panther hockey game and we farmed out to a make-belief station and nobody knows where it is on the dial 790 Well have a great New Year run. Oh, thank you. You can you all bye bye Okay, here's a fact. It says bad tidings for cable news pack For cable news that we're so where were the wreck may not be such a bad thing CNN headline news MSNBC and CNN The CNBC suffered double digit drops in a year and ratings versus 2001 y'all the other one. Well, let's this that's great. Thanks for timing this American morning with Paul Zahn jump 32% in total viewership above above above above above above the show still trails foxes two hour fox and friends Fashes to comedy show MSNBC saw its biggest gains in timeslots that it considers placeholders The 7pm countdown irack boosted the slot 20% versus the third quarter when that it were previously aired not man now on a five-minute He is awful not only is he fat and non-photogenic. He's just awful he has nothing to say MSNBC reports which succeeded actually banfield on location to 10pm has improved the slot by 30% well that's nice to know But the problem is I asked about Donahue Right, let's find out about those Donahue numbers and see if he didn't anything during that week when we just was on it Try to bail his sorry old ass out poor fuel I'll tell you one thing poor fill my ass poor Neil man look at these phones here. We until we had the power thing there We had like a lot of calls on here and then that discouraged him and they all ran away We've got eight minute open lines five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T I feel so unloved on the AT&T and wireless line must be that dolphin game or a shame What a shame that they blew it right there in the end that they choked and gagged and were crying and weeping and carrying on like a bunch of overgrown children Not again it sounded like a Fredo there in a godfather They shot his daddy again he's sitting rocking back and forth on the curb and that's what the dolphin fans were doing too What a shame you should have known it was coming man 11 point lead five minutes to play This is the same team by the way that came back from about a 600 point deficit against the bears in last few minutes so you should have known we could have pulled it out So I told Tom Brady I call him before to game I said went and down pull it out Tom and he did right there at the end Five six and we have 21 votes on the pool on Neil Rogers.com. That's pretty promising What's your new year's resolution this year New year's resolutions are for assholes 86 people said that 42.7% said New year's resolution is are for assholes George made one He's an asshole to grow up here a balls and not speak to mole no mole Lose weight 42. I do that every year. I'm I'm tired of doing that All I got is like 35 pounds. It's the same 35 pounds. I've been bitching about for how many years on a year now for many many years to lock it up just start walking to and from work Okay, well in that case. I'll have to leave now to get home by one Have a lot more sex 41 now we're talking 20.2% want a lot more sex this year all right Don't take any crap from anybody 17 quit boozing 10 and quit smoking five Of course we didn't say quit smoking one right Your choice you know that they're right on the verge something in fact when I get back up to Toronto this spring Is gonna be when they're gonna pass the legalization or at least decriminalization of marijuana law We were following and are you also where the fact that this country is like given in the muscle the elbow like threatening my leg I'm gonna do this here. We're gonna do that big the you better not do that Because this country is obsessed with putting people in jail. That's all they know from is putting American citizens in jail If you look at somebody cross-eyed if you say condolences a bitch they're gonna put your ass in jail Because it's a fascist effin country is what it's become very sad That guy to call me for about you know Let me go up there and see if you like it don't ask me if Toronto's a place where you want to live You know monkey seam monkey do they have websites with classifying now that you're not gonna find out on a website go and visit their stay An ice hotel check out the downtown I'll get in a cab go around town Take a little a dip in lake Ontario. It's only about 15 below. Have a good time go to a hockey game Here's plantation hello Oh, yes, how you doing okay? All right welcome back and happy new year and the same view all right a quick chapter before our ice of me five Southbound between Sheridan and Griffin there's two trucks tangled up Hi 75 yes Southbound okay. Thanks for the tip off and thanks for this this something else. Thank you One more to say yes. Um, I one day I tune into the mole how it's so who damn mole and he's suck Yeah, I'm believable George had a good show so don't not George. I like George George Who's knocking George? I'm not knocking George. I'm actually audience how did he do and you're telling me yet a good show? He's doing great. I like it. I really enjoy the show. Okay. Okay. Thanks a lot Okay, thank you and Moses. Thanks a lot and happy new year. They're picking on my good buddy mo How do you like that? Same for the mole. I think about him the most sick. I get That morning when he ran two minutes over and still had to come back and give a shitholeh That whole and talk about you undermining the emperor or whatever that was about that Let's see I would totally be for the show. It's the only time when I was in Toronto these led these 10 days But I turned it on I was sitting in there watching my computer or something and I reached over and I opened a pot to see what was going on And it's two minutes late. They ran which I don't understand how come off the morning show can't get out at nine o'clock They got so much important crap Maybe it's because they only got three hours to fill They got so much heavy duty stuff. They can't get out on time. It's like us today. We got so many spots We can't get out of here on time While spending the remainder of your golden years in the land of death the one thing you have to defend on is your car With two canoes after on the rise the people who brought you a big black guy named Ben Carilarm now Bring you and old Jewish guy named Isaac get away from my is quarter of a bill You big and the Remember when we used to boost a packet carabine We ought to get a bundle of mishmating the white ones are cool Get away from my is quarter of the ill you big and the F How is that I am the excierist Profitting like that Get away from my quarter of the ill you big and the F Get away from my quarter of the ill you big and the F You're never some best tries to steal my town. I feel safe But with an old Jewish guy named Isaac get away from my quarter of the ill You big and the F get your old Jewish guy named Isaac Carilarm now and receive a free flower antenna Get away get away get away from my quarter of the ill You big and the F and old Jewish guy named Isaac Carilarm Are they available at all zeros stores 11 to 15 60 WCM there is not one call on the board Boy you talk about a real slap in the face 27 years of slave it over this hot microphone I come back after all these months of being away after a long wonderful vacation Well, it's my fault and George Dree What on the pack's is your comments a Georgia to great job and your presence of course those are the people are still listening Right just wait that's why I never take a poll about how did you do right after I come back because the ones who like you Those 20 or 30 are they're still listening and then takes me about a month to get the whole audience back Then I go on vacation again. See not a good idea We'll get some calls on here. You'll see now is this what is this article you just hand this is from Carlos by the way. I'm reading this cold from the Boston globe 1229 2002 It's about Carlos's close personal friend More Howard David good for Chris every week. They the host of the Howard David show in Miami's WCM Science off after his six tonight a.m. Stin with have a nice day and paradise There's irony in that because Miami hardly welcome David arguably the best known radio voice on the nation sporting landscape With open years last March when he was also named the play by play voice of the dolphins It wasn't because David was in the Yorker because Miami certainly well populated with transplanted New Yorkers I also wasn't because David's voice of it becomes anonymous with Monday night football after calling those games and the Super Bowl for the past six seasons With Westwood one radio scenes when his resonating basso profundo let you know immediately where you were on the dial David takes the high road on being replaced by Marv Albert at Westwood one last after last season calling his 23-year association with network a rewarding experience That's how it was sand down here Because of the NFL's proprietary control of network replays we've heard Gil Santos is called of the Patriot Super Bowl victory often Boston was scheduled to hear David's version last February when W E E I and WBC and scheduled dueling radio replays of the Patriot Super Bowl victory until the NFL stepped in suffice to say David's call heard this week on ESPN sports center Year and Review segments also was good, but we digress the problem with David in Miami was personal To many Miami and David's voice have become extricably associated with dolphins main rivals They hated New York jets for whom he did play by play for the previous four years. How do you like that? Sounds a little gay When David became one of those transplanted New Yorkers last March doing his morning show with partner Steve Geldy Goldstein the local butcher from the Cape Coral types already Depounds the attitude was how dare you come into our domain said David believe me. I still have the scars David was confident he could win over the fandom once he started doing the games, but that was six months and a long hot summer away I'm reading this, but I don't see this going anywhere really saying anything Carlos does it say anything? No, no without me get it to me for you idiot Jesus, right in you teach him anything while I was gone Yeah, how does saving the bathroom? Oh, yeah, I noticed that he showers and shaves and Brushes his teeth in the bathroom. I go in at this morning to take a leak before to show there's Carlos in there Take an asshower under the goddamn faucet Man, how does disgusting you should see where you take a ride? I don't want to hear about it So I'm we're getting back to fat boy and the toilet. Okay. We better take these calls. We got a lot of calls on here now Lady and Miami Beach, hello I'm doing great. Welcome back. As soon as you get back it's how to check how to smit yeah Right now I was calling did you hear the by any chance and you format on the formula lily Megah no that's what that's what we're asking you about. I did you hear it? Yeah, it is you hear the promos like stuff about spots they do to promote it. It's very offensive if I was Listening to that what does it say it's like 10,000 joints every day All right, but there's a puzzle in all of our cars A puzzle yeah, that's a cross that's clear channel. Fizzle puzzle. That's what most of the stations do Fizzle Don't you have a great job you got my panties really wet all right excellent. He says hang on. I'll take your number Okay, hang on see She's hanging on but I could have right off. We don't need to create anymore domestic stripe in a Rodriguez household I'll tell you that right now. He's already got more than enough Between a sickly wife and his bitchy mother. He's and his unwanted kid. I mean he's got more than enough problems They're already plus whatever he's getting on the side. How do you work that call return? I notice he have a lot more sex George and vote for that this one because he's already given up Yeah, sexist dangerous. Yeah. He's already been beaten down so to speak well. Plus he's always got those treasure island gifts look forward to when's the next one? I don't know because hi boy Yes, he's the A.E. and I depend upon you Oh, so in other words, see here's basically what's happened boys and girls those of you who don't like too many commercial interruptions Your fears at least for the near future you don't have to worry about it because our sales department has just been effing off It's so nothing is going on. We don't have any spots for anybody Even a highly oversouled morning show at their dollar-rahalar spots even guilty this morning came into the doorway Man at least I got a lot of time to talk Whatever he said Watch out for him. I'm telling you look after the guilty myster That's what rumors said 567560 pound 560 on the AT and T see this year. That's my personal news resolution How holding nothing back? I'm letting it all hang right out and there's nothing worse than having a hanger especially when a phone is ringing You remember that happened yes, and in fact I don't think muff knows this maybe he's listening to his office because he ain't got nothing else to do anyway You know that he he listens to the whole show for four hours in his office. That's what that's what he does he gets paid for it I think if there are a lot of you folks out there would love getting paid Listen to this show every day. We probably have a 20-share if we'd start doing that. I do But anyway, so I called him about my check From Toronto on I guess it was Friday Thursday Friday last week whatever day it was and he was gonna get with Jen and accounting and Bob Abombie, but so I finished the call and As soon as I hung it up nature started calling you know, I mean that's that pressure down under the funder down under And I thought to myself as I was walking from my living room to the tea room. I thought you know with my luck I'll sit down on there and the phone will be him call and back. You don't take it with you. So I sat down on there and What happened and the or the problem was I had a hanger oh yeah no matter how you shit I was a wire hanger either thank God Don't call it Joan of what's your name Crawford would have been pleased. There wasn't a wire hanger I hate when those things come up wouldn't would hanger So anyway the phone was ran it was him calling back, but it wound up okay It all turned out oh no this isn't right this story about rich sure I'm not reading it We already talked about it. You did very briefly. I I'm sorry. I'm not picking on Ricky Tickio case been on a year for over 40 years in his market and so we had a little bit too late I'm not picking on him. Okay. What? We didn't make an issue out of it. I just don't good I'm not as a fact that he had a DUI or whatever and I'll it was it for was good enough for Peter Royal Why not good enough women plus the Peter Royal one got covered up real well except on this show and Diana Ross Oh and I almost forgot about her I got the Diana Ross thing here somewhere and I missed my pile of stuff I don't want to go into my pile that I'll save it for tomorrow. What maybe I'll save it for Monday No, because I don't want to do like a bunch of periodicals on audio and do bedtime stories or get too noisy Because those were the bad mistakes we made last year and one of our new years resolutions is not make the same mistakes again And certainly not gonna involve with that moment my student morning that piece of turd With that tragic tragic piece Now do you think that it would be offensive if I walked into window in there in the morning when I came in everything just stared at them until he did Although he he's I'm sure he'll be sitting even more of an angle facing the wall facing the other way to make sure he doesn't catch a glimpse of me Because that one day when I was here the last time that he did with his head nearly spun off his shoulders When I stood in the doorway and all I was doing was holding up those anal love beads I don't know what possessed me. I just want to see if they still had the door open there the control room door Which usually they have shut solid just to make sure you don't have to see any of us well I got a better one than that that I haven't even said on the area Well, it's here during the Christmas party. Yeah, that another table. I offered anyone at our table a hundred dollars to go Snatch the piece off his head. Oh my god. That would have been great. We could have put the picture on our website I put it on the table the hundred dollars and no one took it Wow, that bunch of pussy's around even Carlos wouldn't do it for a hundred bucks. He wasn't at the party That's six weeks pay he left he would have known he did done it he did on there for twenty bucks Yank that baby off of there and his piece two now which which hairpiece was who wearing at the Christmas party fancy one which by the way Far heads and shoulders heads and shoulders I hear that's what he can't who's it with better looking than the other one yeah, and the birds nest that he comes in here Oh my god, so in other words say he's always picking on me not dressing up to come to work here When he goes to a big party a big social event like that like the Q and Christmas party He puts on his Sunday and Monday and Tuesday best it had a golden hue. Oh gold to me I love it rhymes with gay. Yeah 567.0560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line 233 votes What's your new is resolution this year new is resolutions are for assholes that by the way I said that extra allow for my good friend Lynn Samuels happy new year Lynn. I got your email here. I can't get my emails at home Because I go on my thing yes, and it says something about Java script and about you may have disabled John and what that I can't get it off of Internet Explorer so I got to go on that's gay. What what's going on in the internet man some strange things going on? So I did see Lynn I got your happy new year in a same to you happy gosh, you knew you're doing sweet heart and good luck to you Because the way things are going and she's here in Miami, no less maybe she'll bring in mad grudge But we hope not We'll do lunch again 90 not what did you go to lunch with him? Yeah, and that bought Well, how do you like that? Nice guy Matt Yeah, she's okay New year's resolutions are for assholes 99 people said that. We're gonna have a lot more sex this year 52 Sounds like swishful thinking to me lose weight 44 don't take any crap Changing again 21 quit boozing 11 and quit smoking six now what's the story with Moses by the way? I don't want to do this on the air But you know me Moses is coming can I help 5 6 7 0 5 60 see he knows I'm not gonna be touching him you want to know why cuz I know who is daddy is When you see him he can take her from self-nim yeah, you really bunch stuff huh Huge he might not that's huge or how do you know you check it out? Maybe it's so some of those movies you'll see oh really Here's Miami hello Yes, play the bunch Oh God, you know what that sounds like Yeah, that's what sounds like to me You know I see I get I'm so optimistic I have such high hopes Why what was that movie that that was in high hopes? What was the name of that movie with Frank Sinatra Huh Kennedy was it now yeah, right the man cheering Kennedy I think it was from here to eternity you idiot Now what was the song? They saying high hopes? No, and I come back all optimistic and thinking boy This is a whole new year. We got to turn over a new maple leaf and everything's gonna get a big response and to same old crap same old losers same old Lackery spots him old big-and-for-calls, but it's your better than trying to like save the world here on a radio show We're not gonna change the guy damn thing with North Koreans or with the Iraqis or the Iranians Or those freaking the towel head Saudi Arabians all we can do is make people have a few chuckles here in here and that's it and take the who what? Hold in the head Oliomed Hold in the head oh a hole in the head. I thought you said Oliomed Here's Lake Worth hello Hey, at least markets up about 200 market is up a hundred eighty eight points. Let's hear it All the way to start the new year, huh? Yeah a great thing was I was listening to that into that dolphin game I was feeling it coming you get this tell it was gonna happen. Yeah, and the pressure was ready right after the game is over Through the ad runs get your dolphin play off ticket The game was over. I love it. You're running the career you have to get your free sale golfing tickets and if you're okay We charge for that spot too regardless Unbelievable. That was great But I like can't I've been up there. We go up there like once a week once a week once a year It's great up there I said they're about a hundred years ahead of us in so many aspects Yeah, that's right And but the thing is too many packages if you know thing there. There are many yeah They're in fact this thing with a five Arab guys that did look in for there so many Arabs in Canada That might as well be in the Middle East and just the loaded But I'm way to back Everything else free ponderers. Okay. Thanks In other words one of my miss I have several people at what did I miss and they all say nothing My a limo driver can I ask what money picked me up at the airport? What did I miss not a damn thing? That's so cold a couple nights. We had to turn the AC out. He said the same thing the same thing that you left here Man away from nothing It's right same old pond with that's okay. It's pretty good here. You know the weather was nice last couple of days a little bit too hot But after freeze my acid answered him don't go to Amsterdam at a winter time Okay, go in a summer get some good weed get some hash whatever you like it laid But it's fine. I mean you know the section drugs is still there, but I'm sorry if I did drugs I guess that I'd be more interested right right although when you live in Toronto What you got to go to Amsterdam to do do do do do do do do do drugs At least I don't have my split level turtle anymore 567.0560 pom 560 maybe you'd like to go over there and Use the apartment like like all always you say use the apartment same maybe on our honeymoon joe and What's your name? Zineena can go over there? Amsterdam use the apartment Rens paid up for a couple of months. They're done wet by the way They're done wet wet Yeah, they wet it in Vegas just anybody from here go to their a few Wedding Joe's in a role. Yeah, I don't think so. Oh, of course not see Joe. I tried to tell you a good guy But nobody's gonna spend all the money. I mean talk about an ego in addition to which it's kind of stupid, you know Because the money that people might spend on a plane trip to go out there to Vegas They could have given him a nice gift if he had the wedding here see Thought what I'm saying? Oh, I know yeah, so not really good planning. Why did they do that? What did they get married in Vegas? I mean usually like slime balls get married in Vegas. You know what those quicky image quickly me like George like I said What I tell you? Sly me people like George get married in Vegas. Don't tell anybody before during or a long after boy what a bad day that was in your I mean Yeah I don't say yeah. Oh, I mean, yeah Oh, my sorry crystal he he knows you're not listening She's probably watching guiding light. I'm sorry. It's all over Her sop stone start till 12 30 Young in a horny. Yeah, all those I guess what is it CBS CBS? Yes. Oh she doesn't watch the old in the beautiful does she? Yes, but I got name what's his name from player? What is his name again? Oh, no, no, rich rich They should have said his as to Ruby bridge if he asked me he is just the old troll 1150 and like me 1115 at five 60 WQ a m what was that thing about? Old Nick was a happy old troll something. What has that song go so what was the name of the movie with high hopes? Hole in the head really that's what a bunch of people call it. I said thank you so much folks for the whole of the head Kick off a new year with a house fat boy. Do it. Have we seen him yet? Because I am gonna tell that story about that whole thing with balance for life And probably Troy over there's not gonna be too happy and Troy Stratford's gonna really be unhappy But that's the price he's gonna pay I saw him on Tuesday was when I was in here Where is Troy Stratford? I see every time the door opens its muff and you want to know why cuz he's the only one in a building Every time the door opens and expecting maybe it's Troy maybe it's fat boy. No, it's it's muff every time Anyway, kick off a new year with a great new mattress from dial a mattress. You'll be doing yourself a big favor If you haven't been sleeping as well as you'd like nothing will have a bigger impact on your life each and every day in the way you feel in the coming year Then a good night sleep. It's time for that new year's resolution a great night sleep tonight and every night call 1-800 mattress M-A-T-T-R-E-S and dial a mattress. I have you sleeping like a little baby all year long. Just like my little dog dial a mattress carries silly sort of Simmons a King Quarland every size and style Speaking of my little dog by the way, don't me forget to tell a story about how my mother almost killed my little dog feeding him crap You want to vote to feed him not again. Pancreatite is nice going milly When you call 1-800 mattress you'll speak with an expert bedding consultant and record mech or the perfect bed for you They have exactly what you want in the stock no phony sales No bait and switch like apartments to earth them when you order your new bed from dial a mattress They'll have it there on time exactly even the same day when you call you get to choose the date and time when it's convenient for you When you're gonna be home instead of sitting around wasting a day on your ass all day dial a mattress prized itself on their 99% on time record which is just one of many reasons why they're ranked first for overall Customers satisfaction So do what all of us here at QAM have done make the call right now to dial a mattress Miguel George and I sleep on a mattress and dial a mattress and so should you courses not too much room when you're at unless one George gets off from the middle Enjoy the new year with that special someone from the new always always must learn and you know always dive in a middle Enjoy the new year with that special someone with a new mattress from dial a mattress I think Miguel's a little too hairy anyway call 1-800 mattress 1-800-MATTRES dial a mattress the perfect way to start off the new year Oh Not as pet a file How to really into by the way Not as it has been hanging down He looks like a slaughtered now I keep the cards all the shell funny need for my house if I've ever met a queen Out Thank god it's not making a big publicity stunt on a bill first these new cinematorys later Savonies people on alligator rally and that big wreck out there and I got Susan candy I got you on CNN right now and but a beat but a boop it about It makes my leg gets broken His organs are all mine and doesn't seem to mind a clone again That's really See if they're the whole of my heart I'll ask their hearts that I can't remember when I just remember That's all I have to do You do do do My justice other day I feel my memories starting to fade I took the card midnight and super-booted right to my head now I have two brains Folks in who are more fun with a couple of extra loves It's such a luxury with more than one upbeat and what allergies but are you And he has no civil rights outside the guys he's in to serve me I understand so I'll take his attitude and the mind gets dirty He doesn't have much to say After all it's only DNA A clone again That's really A clone again That's really The needy I get sick and he's got bad luck You said it's weird I'll go back to the mascara now 21 past 11 and 560 WQAM And go shade her and stand off at Goldstein mansion I was this like a later story that somebody just backs me as a same crap sounds like the same crap Yeah, this is the same old crap. Thanks so much Scott Thank you very much Scott sent me the facts he means well okay, but we already had a story So I'll big fat Alwood assured off that should be illegal you know him walking around outside with a shrewd off Grow test Maybe could just tell me he's a frog First tends to victims in fatal Florida roll over incoming sent a majority leader bill first Stop minutes after roll over actually in the Florida highway yesterday helping tend to force survivors until per medic survive Let's hear it for bill all right First the surgeon was about 35 miles from I'my and heading to a family vacation no one is sporty utility a sporty Suv Going the other direction rolled over throwing out all six passengers the senator help per medic and several off duty firefighters They realized the victims until they were transported area hospitals He was really instrumental in helping us treat the victims had groward fire rescue assistant chief Todd Ladoo Pat scene and Our thoughts and prayers go out to the family. Okay good Two passengers died including a 10-year-old girl firestone tires There was yes, are you sure that or you just making that up because I know that is oh I see my plan because I never know with you because you like to make stuff up I have no seriously the next thing you'll say they bought him at Walmart That'll be next you have could be my V I doubt it But then that we'll be saying that next then you'll be calling them a bunch of Nazis and stuff like that I'll dump it and then you'll say it again just at a spite and then I'll say hey good luck to you once you've heard 567. Oh 560 see I I just am here to entertain I'm not gonna win four my rocket to educate I'm not gonna waste my time I'm not gonna spend half of my life trying to like researches because I don't care what that bitch told you on Tuesday They don't give a flying crap. They don't They do not you can lead a horse to water, but you can't make a drop of big one. Okay? You know if any I've asked you this before, but it is something I think about a lot Sure, where my mind is in the gutter is there any other animal that takes a crap as it's moving up to the in a horse Although I will say my little dog He hops around when the grass is high like right now. No, he squats, but he's got a hop around You like a buddy right back at you. No, no, it's not that it's just that he has hard time keeping his Balance on a high grass because it's only like you know 10 pounds So he hops around and you think he's done and now all of a sudden he's hops through another spot He's squatting over there. He likes to spread it around. I like we do on the show kind of like Mo Well, I sure miss him coming back on his day when I had a bad stroke of fortune coming back on my very first day So I couldn't wear that silly pop in a park Hawaiian who lister if they sent me to where it'll stay there in a window But I'm not even gonna dignify him by doing that because that would be suggesting that I'm gonna change my my appearance my dress Slip Based on what he has to say on your scrum does that mean you're not gonna wear that way guy, but you I'm not gonna wear those gold Lamei panties either. How do you like that? What good thing to say the receipt my wear the gold Lamei shoes that out gold steam loans me boy, but a fashion plate He is five six seven. We need people like Alan the world of maybe look pretty good Here's candle hello Hello, yes, sir, hey So good to hear your voice back. Yes, it is Not a George fashion, but you want to know what you miss Rip him an ass pal Yeah, oh, sorry, fashion is he bashing the Lord again God, then you're towards And you notice Lord of the Rings you know how you tied that in there, too? Next the next of you doing the godfather. See all has to do with the Lord He's gonna burn help for a long time. I'll tell you they get it be one of them crispy critters by the time they finish with him Okay Okay, should be good for the talent all people are guarantee that have a great day pal happy new year George says to you get out here 5 670 560 let's get this crowd go and baby let's get this crowd on a road Let's get ready for a new year of 50 million calls this year, right? Okay, let's start counting them right now 266 oh that's the votes on the pool pretty weak for this time of the show, but you know I saw some of the tallies you hit And my feeling was why bother you know right Of course Eric says I'm sorry don't start it again now you just got back on here the first day Don't start in with Eric he's a happy camper up there He's probably already had two three branches before runune today Here's the facts that says I noticed something very hypocritical about the WQM radio station over the past year I heard unbelievable amounts of radio spots for placing bets over the internet for football games Now that football season is practically over WQM is playing PSA announcements for people with chronic gambling problems So what's wrong with that we want to encourage you to go do it because we're making money from it and then we're giving you like a little help I find a QM policy disgusting and do plus it. This is probably it says Greg read you suck when other getting close to get in warm and I hope you're a compulsive gambler. What's wrong with this world people like Greg or what's wrong with this world faxer Here's the fact it says from Ricky I heard you mentioned job a problem on your home computer Might be solved by going on a control panel I click on internet options and then the advanced folder School to micro-soft vm and make sure all three jab boxes are checked if unchecked. Okay, I'm putting my pocket I'm gonna do what I go home because I think that might be the problem I think maybe while I was away John was in there did learn with some stuff on a computer and did it up could be because I I've done that You start clicking where you don't know where you're clicking and all of a sudden you got problems, baby That's my advice for the new year is only click it where you know what you're a clicking Take a good long look at it before you put it in your mouth any piece of food. That's what I'm talking about Huh, no, that's it if you're gonna go on a diet Seriously, I would think about that the other day if you're gonna go on a diet before you just start shoveling crap in your mouth Take a look at it and say do I really want this is this really gonna make me feel better is this gonna be good for me? I did that with the donuts that are out there right there. There you go and not interested in me. What kind of thing? Something oh How if you would have said crispy cream. I'd have had a problem I'd probably go now throw and head my three because I can't eat only two No, I can't I if I have one I will eat three In fact, if they're on at least three there I won't even have the first one because I know I'll never be stated I'll never satisfy my sugar my craving and you'll be pleased though I had no nestle's turtle is so last ten days in Toronto We're all proud of it. Hey to a bunch of other crap had some crunchy bars though. Huh, but you gotta get your fill that good Canadian candy You have a crunchy it's got like that in the middle of it How do you describe it like the stuff that like melts like what was that the stuff those things those uh Lemon More rang things yeah the morangs Maybe was it marshmallowy? No, no, no, it's got like chocolate the meringue in the middle I mean like like those like the consistency of those things it could be meringue. Oh, man And when that stuff melts on your right hung. Oh, is it white when that white stuff gets on your tongue 560 50 50 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line 1160 See my song But you're not looking at my mouth you stay so long It's something that's a bit further south and it's not my base We're both your eyes I'm looking right under my clothes It's my biggest effort Underneath my clothes Black nose and grape blue leaf Bigger than jellows It's my huge foot too deep And there's my nobody care But I think so, bringing money Because there's me, my clothes There's grape pink, my knee What I'm trying to pose It's anything but I need somebody's own defense But I think so, bringing money And I think so, bringing money Don't be picky about my clothes personal money She'll care I'll say that I'll beat the crap out of it But George is baseball bat, we said when you said Who's that other new hot that we're talking about before What is her name? Avril? Avril? What is her last name? Avril Lavigne, with a G. She's Canadian A And I'll tell you also is Canadian that we love Is Chennai a twin to be heard from a single? Yes, a video with the world Oh, love it! But nominal, Chennai a twin She'd be the best, I'm going to bring that into borrow She's hot, love Chennai a twin Love Shrikiran, I love Avril Lavigne Her ears are so big in your heart You know all those music video channels I get over there Am I 85 that I used to have an Amsterdam before I got there a lot of there? Every two minutes there's Avril Lavigne again That's a one thing I do miss here There's no music videos on here, man This place blows M2 And what it's all M2 MTV 2 pop channel I was going to dance music because dance music is so big Instead of the crap they play here on what is it? A 93.1, where they call it? Party, party, party, party, mixed, party I can't even keep them straight anymore They all suck! They can't tell them the party Oh man they blow! Speaking of blow she mentioned Jelo's ass And that bit Jelo and Ben blow up Valentine's Day wedding is off All right Did anybody believe that they were really getting married in the first place? Oh, they had to make a song in a video With him in it She had to do a whole song to try and see Here we are, we're getting married, we're doing it, we're kissing While at least we're like, uh, in the same planet Boy And then there's a picture of him with his body mat Dylan down there What are they coming on Dylan? Dylan? What are they coming out? That's him mat Dylan mat Damon mat Dirty same way Yeah All of mat Damon looks better in mat Dylan Matt Dylan just bothers me a lot I still like Kevin Dylan, good actor How can the good actors? For example, I don't know what I'm not even going to win with Talon has very little to do with whether or not you're succeeding this world Just look at this radio station That's what Muff said Now who's that? A picture should I explain? Muff has got a beautiful put that right up there That's great, I know that she was your type 567 0560, pound 560 on the other three He's a few parents She's Canadian, A, all the great singers are from Canada And then of course there's always Celine Dion, which proves that nobody's perfect We're trying to dump that bitch God, she just, she gives me spilkeys I get like a nervous stomach when I see Celine Dion Here's a call from Papino, hello And back to you Greetings I'm at the probie head with Jala If that does work with the guys to do Go and type in www.thun.com That's some microsystems And then you can reload it if it's a, it's a That's who goes to program Okay Okay Okay, great And number two, Al-Gostain Finance Fesman, is on that picture Oh, you love me, any beautiful? Got a good day, no He makes this feel better about ourselves And number three as one famous football coach once said All right, all right good call. How about those dolphins huh? They're gagging on it. They're choking on it. They're coughing it up. You can hear it all the way down here man all the way from New England The sounds of puking and just amazing Well, that's way and then of course to look at once that's face in Alaska, but then in overtime and I'll be very honest with you that feel real by Venetary the winning feel real wasn't his best That looked to me. I thought he missed it. I thought it's sealed wide right. It was pretty damn close And you could see that just one wants that space just hoping and praying and trying to give it like that little bit of elbow You know Didn't work didn't work it went right through there baby time Brady let it write down to feel Of course that nice kick off by a Linda Marret See you also give him the hex when he missed pronounce his name That's why he missed the field golden regulation that would have solved it the game away and also that's why his kick off one out of bounds and overtime Giving the Patriots evolve on the 40 art line And at that point I said oh right yeah this game's over baby We don't need too much to get old Adam Pettitary and feel real position here and we did and we won again. We the Patriots What do you laugh at about Troy Brown and Infinity Tommy Brady that's all you need to know Huh, do you need nobody else on that team? How about what's his name the Great defensive back used to play for the dolphins Thells his name How can I have a brain fart on it? That's bad to well buckly come on you better get with it Carlos you're supposed to be the football fan I'm the old Faggot to well buckly T buck Even George knows that don't you who? 560 I'm starting to gag on it again and here. I think it's the I'm so in this guy the in place this place has got allergies Worst in my apartment in Amsterdam. See tell you So what's the deal on that balance for life? I haven't told a fat boy Jeff high story And I'm kind of reluctant because I cuz Troy the boy I gave press rat for two and a half hours to come up here and defend himself He hasn't done it. He's probably down over to the square I'm telling you when I drove up here on Tuesday to pick up my check There's always people sitting out there during the middle of the day on a bench smoking a fog at here at air I'll give you one guess who was sitting out there Screw in and try yeah, we're sitting out there in a bench Troy and screw in She has this thing for ex-dolphin sparks or football players what thing is that? I don't know, but I think it makes kind of like a meowing song Outside my tree all really inside their base UF oh land The roadside sign rises sharp and stark on the curving country road like a bolt from heaven neon green letters strike the eye and proclaim UF oh land This is for real Is real This is in a herald this might be true. Pulling against the bank of white snow and darkening woulder sky the words punctuated by drawing of a flying saucer Pull visitors in a way seen nearly near ordinary nearly ordinary campground as serene It says Nearly except for the odd tear-shaped buildings designed we've hooked a form of alien spacecraft This is the headquarters of the aliens and these are the people that have the median all these ethicists and all these other Apolytians whipped up into a frenzy and didn't define them as if anybody believes that these oh God, well, what's the use? What hope is there for mankind? And like I said the fact that their headquarters now that there made this announcement in Hollywood floor a door is so perfect Man, it fits in like a rubber glove in your back. Oh, yes perfect Ernie piece of crap every bad thing whether it's Chad's whether it's alien whether it's illegal alien Whatever it is it's here in South Florida. We got it. You want it. We got it and if we don't have it, we'll go out and get it for you foggis I guess they got to fill up the time with something on there. You know, oh, yeah. Well, they got the first clone baby The war hasn't started yet. That's right. We're still waiting for them We're waiting for the Iraqi attack. That's gonna be any day At the Baghdad McDonald's if I want to shame it's gonna be not only the Americans the service people that are gonna die needlessly But all the Iraqi people who are gonna die See the Iraqi people are like just you know, I mean there are some people that we can hate you know like during WW2 We hit at the Japanese we hit at the Germans of a good reason real good reason But the Iraqis they just want to like you know grow their mustache and smoke their cigars and do whatever they're doing Drink that Turkish coffee. What are they doing? How come the Iraqi man? I'll have like that That maybe it's because Sodom was it I don't think so I think that's no it's not it is it a groucho No, it's like third net, but it's a little thinner than that and longer across straight across right? I don't know that seems to be the thing there It's a fashion is there they fashion plates. I don't know how they smell low What the five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT and T line the Neil Rogers show back in business And I hear that your did a sensational John that's what I'm hearing it was also his birthday in December We got a big fat birthday check coming for him like tomorrow or whatever I get around with what I feel like it It may be not all depending on how his behavior is between now and one and whether he speaks to Mueller tomorrow morning No Carlos is gonna be doing a water Nazi routine is gonna be lurking in a hallway spying So if you should even like grunt when Moe was about to mmm, you know like we're talking about that. Yeah, it's nothing like that That's it can't sell that check. I'm gonna put blinders on here's Miami. Hello Yeah, back to you. Here's Miami on one. Hello Hey, yes, sir any trontoni and surgeons walking out I'm sorry are there any trontoni and surgeons walking out because of malpractice and treasurer too high. I don't think so I don't think so either think about that these guys are walking out in Virginia and there I like that one surgeon I left in the middle of the operation and left for 35 minutes to go make a bank to posit he was my favorite Okay, and have a great day. I think that was a Canadian guy said like to me try to make a point That's the American I'm gonna tell you one thing I was right about it and that is as much as I love Toronto the Canadians and nationally have this unbelievable Infraordic complex which is why Wayne Gretzky was hockin a crapto in the Olympics Well, everybody in the world wants us to lose because everybody hates Canada Nobody cares about Canada Wayne you need to know is idiot nobody cares And so that's why there's this desperate this perniotic attempt we got to win the gold medal We got to win curling we got to win hockey because it's like collectively see if we can just just be good at something You know Just be good at something besides drinking a lot of heavy beer and I will say this also Canadian beer a lot more potent than the American beer which is why Americans like Canadian beer so much better Nobody's fit what is it 5% American beer Canadian beer like I think about twice as strong That's why everybody likes that lebats hockey night in Canada Formerly mulsin hockey night in Canada and those commercials too. Hey pretty good What that was this guy just talking about 567560 Where's my drugs by the way? This should be a lot better if I get my goddamn drugs in here My And local here sports video 560 you a This is former vice president of allegor you may have noticed picked up the temple somewhat my cadence is punchier and more up the the timber in my voice more positive and confident This being radio you can't see the swagger in my walk but trust me it's there But now you certainly heard I will not be running for press in in 2004 let me tell you what I'm not on drugs now don't have a drinking problem Although I still like a good belt of bourbon more than occasionally now friends since my parents on Saturday at love I've decided to take another direction in life I've never realized I was the damn funny For the first time in my life People are actually laughing with me and not at me so I'm going to become a stand up comedian Have already been booked at the ha-ha-thou are new port richy florida and the ox and link of surpunful vignette Initially I'll be performing with other funny men I'm on a bow of Jeff Fox really Finnbad a lame booth work and Judy Tanuda who plays the sweet box I've repainted the old guard laborment tour bus with smiley faces and the math Fift comedy and tragedy Who knew I was so damn funny? I've also taken a having sex publicly with tipper Good times Flea on the road the road of laughter You're right he sure bought stuff look at that well he could just pick you up there with one finger could Anyway, 14 till noon at 5.60 WQIM We got 280 things votes on the pool. What do you laugh in it? He's like twice the sign he he'd vote stuff. Okay, it sounded looks to me like a lot of drugs. Thank you very much by the way sir Thank you for my uh talent all he didn't bring me any prescription drugs. He brought me some talent all Although his neck you let us see. I didn't notice it. Don't be open up your fly okay not yet But his neck is like a bush-duck two, you notice that those are neck muscles. Yeah, but that's not not good You don't want to have a thick neck then they'll think you're like from Gainesville or something like a mugwump 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound now. What is this dirt? What are we gonna be doing about food here now? Then I'm back for a couple of months Yeah, I don't have to worry about this in Toronto because you don't hear me eating during the show just that one day I had a little piece of cheese and that was it like a rat and that was it Even though I have the kitchen is like just a few feet from my studio up there But I had you know the refrigerator's right there. I'm not tempted to eat during the show here. It's like I don't know why why is it? I don't know that force a habit force a habit force habits Neil's lunchroom when I'm here And then of course we like to feed the rest of the building they depend on us most of these people are slippers And they don't have two nickels to rub together And now how much you okay What I'm just trying to get the the lay of the land here okay and figure out what that list is how many of these I'm gonna pop before the show is over by one o'clock. It should be pretty good. Okay that I'm thinking some two and all's 567 05 60 pound 560 on the AT&T line. Maybe we'll get ponytail in here one day. We're not too soon Not too soon because I had that ground brown and mom's house with all that Tapreeca I wish you could have seen it seriously. She's shaking both shakers Frettically like she's uh I don't want to say like she's what Here's my me beach hello What's your looking at cow how's that? Miami Beach hello Like I said North Miami Beach good morning Neo welcome back. Thank you sir Let me ask you one two way to be honest show but nevertheless yes GDP is down but the corporation's rough is syrup. You're your what is it? A gross domestic product is down. Okay. What is it? But the corporate tell you when you come back is your frog Call us again sir. Too old. Why do you put old cochers on like that? Ah, something to do. I'm not talking old cochers. That's another one of my new years resolutions if you're over the age of 100 if you're as old as more Howard David we're not gonna talk you okay? Ah, if you sound like a craggy old fart Well the GDP nobody wants to hear you sir. Don't you understand that nobody wants to hear craggy old farts Do they just like just like that bitch a call the other day nobody wants to hear about god They may rack and North Korean all about to discrap like that and all those stupid bedtime It about the Catholic church and all these child molesting bastards all these faggots. Nobody wants to hear that stuff They want to hear about eating ass. That's what they want to hear about they want to hear about how Moses Gonna take all this clothes off in a minute Hey, I'm telling you're neck. I mean, the rest you look fine. You look good job But you're neck do something about it. They're doing some like neck exercises effect. I have this thing where you hang from a rope from a tree in fact what's his name Kennedy? What's his name? Skakele Michael Skakele to do about it 567.0560. I better take one of these you know it right now It was good was excellent 291 votes on a poll. That's more votes on a poll already than George had the whole time I was on vacation. It's pretty good altogether now. How did that thing on the C. I Probably should have 20 to save that. I'm sure Eric's got it The poll from the last day before my notification about the favorite comedy, but when they started loading up on all you can eat Negro I saved it. Did you? Sure. How did it come out? I mean all you can eat Negro one. They're not didn't win and right it got becued right it got the old The bridge tender one out right Great That was very sad. I bet you that filled what even be upset about that. Are you sure about his you know Chronic's to try to goose up that thing? I didn't need any help That's a great bit. All you can eat Negro, but it ain't no bridge tender. I'll tell you that right now And just before the end of the show that day it's a dang good thing. I kept my eye on it I kept my eye peeled Because we were moving along we had like about 2 billion votes on that and it was going along pretty well But these people are never satisfied with it They always got a dittal with us. They always got a dick with this show because that's what they live for is to dick with it That's their whole life How many more of these should I take Here's a peper pine. Hello Peper pine's ain't there Yes, I was okay And you know how you do it. Great. I just wanted to talk about See I thought when I was at Wait a minute. I thought when I was in Toronto the reason some of the call sounded like this is because I'm way to hell up there It's because the phone system sucks here. It's got nothing with the Toronto The phone system here blows I just wanted to go ahead and talk about piralming all those daughters You know everybody's out of piralmy look what he's doing. I certainly came around Yeah, he's turning around. Okay. Sounds like you got a lot of experience turning it around. Okay. You know I'm talking about that That's what I'm talking about asshole 567.0560 call one of the sports nerd shows about Pat Riley. Okay, Pat Riley Well, it's silly little spanglish shell that you put in there. Okay. You're not fooling any of us That's probably the ball guy Yeah, I heard that call that day. That's another one of my pieces of good luck Just when I open the pot up there somebody yanks it away Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello Fort Lauderdale and happy new year news. I'm surprised we haven't had thousands of people called a wish-a-sale Happy new year Q and that's because they're still looking at wounds from that dolphin game well, you know what you're looking at the best day while you were gone Was yesterday because your judge was not in the radio. Yeah, how about Christmas day? He was not at the either Well, I was a Santa Claus and yeah, well, he said he's got what is it? Go bucket. Yeah, boy the buck ice suck. Okay, so you haven't got a chance You haven't got a chance I'm pulling for you pal. I hope they would kick their ass, but the buck ice suck Love you now. Okay, see. There's another guy's in denial and he hates George George is by the way if you That's where he went to school if you 5670560 See, Toliya lawsuit corporate disease coming here this morning. It's like 74 degrees on that thermostat hotter and hell in here. You can find eggs on his counter And that's because we have nobody in this building. We got 75 managers in his place Nobody can stop him from coming in this room and dick it around. I go on my computer where we here I got all these them Websites all everything in here on the URL thing whatever. How do you call that? What do you call it? Well, you click the thing and all the addresses come down. We have like the the history the the right exactly the history And I go on in his ESPN this and sports their dad and Jim wrongs home address and How you get a hold of Tony Bruno in the T room over chasing pennies. I don't want any of that crass I confess that wasn't me. Yeah, it was George done it got all the sports stuff on there George has been working here so long it has become very quietly behind the scenes a compulsive gambler now. He's gonna join GA That's right him and any K a GA. I can just see it now So who we got on today? We got the mad dog at one who just again doesn't recognize this show anymore I don't what happened. I think most have done that Because he used to like you know make references to Neil is this and he'll do that and Neil something you know like it recognizing that this show was on preceding him turning over that gigantic audience not anymore not any more No now it's like red China that big gigantic Berlin wall is back up again Doesn't even like acknowledge our existence Then three to six thirty proving that nothing is perfect. We got Josie and Don Bailey Jr. Oh, that's right this. Are you kidding me? We're starting five hours even for the dolphins really do four hours right for the orange bull. We got five hours of crap Josie and Don B Jr. From festival with the beast with a beast. I got kicked off the show in the morning Moved in one of my where are you guys in the nation? I'm getting it right from the beast push. Okay Right from the beast mouth And again I challenge him to come on this station. Mohour David and deny that he fired the beast off of that show I challenge him to come on there and deny that he got Carol and off of that show. Okay, tonight You will lie in sack of crap. You silly old fool for your big verticals veins You old koot God damn it Then we got Orlando the big uh oh at the orange bull six to wait a clock. I think I like that But I wait a minute. This is neither a pregame show for the yeah, that's right our game is tomorrow night I mean your game the her cones and Ohio State which is last guy thinks they got a chance sir I got let me tell you something there are two chances none and much less than none They I saw plenty of Ohio State games during the season. I mean, it's they got those nice buck eyes under helmets, you know Do you think what's his name is gonna be betting on the games who's the ex uh art the shlester? He'll probably be betting on the game for Ohio State You don't know who that is ex Ohio State quarterback All American Gambleing problems. I didn't even the dinning with clay no football I think he's back in a slammer again or else he died one or the one or both Then we got the big old like I said six thirty to wait at the orange bull because we got the orange bull You want to see an Iowa a to clock tonight. That's a biggie. I Was pretty good In fact, I'll tell you right now. It's too bad the canes didn't have to play a school like Iowa I would kick their ass. They would kick their ass side wise from here to the game We got the panther game. I don't understand this do you See here's another one of those conflicts. This is when you try to put too many sports on your plate That's what this station does all the time We have a contract with the panthers their four points out of first place They're having a good season by Kenan's doing a hell of a job that Jay Bow Mr doing a nice job Roberto Lwongo playing great and cool like he did yesterday in Jersey. I watched that camey play sensational Who's he is having a big year oh yoken and he'd be turning it around or we're not talking about his back dome finish Asked we're talking about his game playing great And we got it on 790 waxy the orange bull which doesn't even include a local team We got on this station on QAM on a highly touted sports station. Do you see something wrong with that picture? I do I see something wrong with that This is like shades when we had to guide him conflict between the Marlins and the dolphins remember that how could we forget back in the fall The dolphin exhibition game that wound up on some unlike some tin-watt station in Jupiter somewhere And we lied through our teeth of the organization because Greg we goes from oval to this for you We'll do the same thing for you and of course just like Jim Baker with those time shares He's got 50 apartments you only promise he sold 25,000 them That's the problem and the same thing with us we got 24 hours in the day. We'll sell you 45 hours worth on QAM And whatever sloppover it is will stick on some 10-watt radio station that nobody even ever heard of before Like 790 waxy formally the great WNWS Home of yours truly injured Williams and Alice Rantel and a bunch of other goiam And Steve Mr. Eagle how's he doing with him fags up there in four lutter? He's still got them under his good Keep money your thumb Steve keep them faggots down 56705 did I ever get through the whole schedule any K after all that football stuff and Mark Eisenberg alone overnight from two to six because Joe is on his honeymoon no doubt He's moaning it in Vegas Can you imagine four hours of mark Eisenberg alone? Oh my god poor moa you know something there is a god after all Moa is gonna have to come into marmorning and follow four hours of mark Eisenberg solo and he's got glad and antony with him Like I said That show black show needs a lot of work now. You still coming on his show Moses. He's still hanging on that Not too much him or see even he's brewed out on it. He's making porn movies 308 more 300 eight movies. I mean 300 eight votes On the poll now we're gonna we're actually what we're gonna do is we're gonna show it the porn movies I'm the show tomorrow because it's still like the holiday week and you just look in the speaker in your radio and you'll see Gorgeous we're coming at rations right on your speaker That would be good. Let's just play the audio. What do you say? There'll be a pop up bad for huh? I can just hear it That's the sound of Voice from Marcus Manifade when I'm here Okay We can any share I guarantee that especially in this hard ass town Boy this is gotta be the most ace sexual the most non-descript the most bizarre place on the face of the globe Just amazing to be astonishing Everything is another strip shopping center that it's just it's just one after other all eight like end to end One after another. There are no white people. I mean none that there's four of us here right now and of course three of you are Speaks so like how ahead huh? towel head camel Humper Red Sea pedestrian What do you mean by that? What is he now? What he convert no you towel head Your ancestors with motha Use the right link of the first if you're hitting your right Mr. I told you last year the head mirror is what it's all a boot Get with it you idiot Like I said what they George's birthday again. I heard his shows are really weak his pulls The worst Here's Miami hello Welcome back on the meal. Yes sir. Happy New Year to you I have no idea what he said but I think one word began with an F so just to be on a safe side. I didn't hear damn thing you said I think something about New Year's Eve the ball drop something like that five six seven oh five sixty 550 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line before we get a lot of spots this are only nothing Special salute to ourselves the promise are guess we better tell the Jeff high story or not I don't know He went on balance for life he became the poster child bad mistake tonight. Did I say at the time it's a bad mistake a bad move by Troy from balance for life and Troy What's his name? Troy the former dolphin Start it up 236 pounds Jeff high that was on December the tooth 236 disgusting fat pounds on a cane and a walker and on a groovy They were willing to marad like I'd name Helen Keller here 129 231 pounds five pounds lost. I remember doing the spots and hey lost five pounds that I'm thinking of myself What the he could take a dump and lose more than five pounds anybody that disgusting and big and from the reports we've heard Trust me just take the walls in there Then I'm vacation. I take a look on here on 1216 which is a week later 328 which is only three more pounds so in two weeks he lost a total of eight pounds See now most of us and we lost eight pounds into weeks. We say pretty good excellent Are we gonna do the idea now by the way But in his case lose an eight pounds you would even notice it Right right I mean just between the the crevices in the folds of There's got to be eight pounds of toches in there. He swats that much in the day exactly That's right and that's just we don't around this building that's fat tabo crap So anyway, and then that was the 16 now let's see the 23 let me look at the 33rd 30th So that's like two and a half weeks ago And you're reporting to me that he refused he would right there he stood in the doorway He lurched in the studio was that on his walker on his walker on his walker. He lurched And they walker and refused to get on the scale because according to him he picked out during the holiday Didn't I tell you he will never do it he will never do it. I mean he's got is that his my sugar and carbohydrate addiction is He's got ten times what I'll ever had thank goodness for me but not good for him and by the waist he's obviously Yeah, the beast one on that cruise remember he still got on even though he knew that it would be That's right the beast is okay my book he's all right especially if you got canned off a Mosho I'm gonna play that thing again. Okay. What is that thing called? I'd really just the more I think about it the more pisses me off because again He's tried it to use his as an excuse to attack me, which is fine, but the fact of it is that Mitch and my am here Hey, how are going on Mitch? I'd like to hear the beast on Christmas and the years day. Where'd you really? Yeah, you know the guy you fired who fired him? You did how do I fire how are you guys? Hey, hey, Mitch, they mixed let me ask you question based on what intelligent insight do you have this information? You fired him. How would you know that? You fired? How would you know that shut up once and ask the question you answer the question more on You asshole Oh Wait hang on must be and must be another one is shovel you're very What got you and kept asking the question how would you know that and the only kept repeating so I'll go over and over again You know what sounds like to me another one of the trained monkeys at listen to ginger riders Because that's always got his trained monkeys at listen to that jackass Also the big always got to be on the night, but not at the orange bull thank goodness for that That's the news from muff was in here frantically making out schedules sitting in his office Listen to the show having a wonderful time nice to see you though Anyway, here's the fact this is Neil. Thank George for me for that sexual gift giving guide really works. Is this for real? Is this a fact a fake what? fake fact Thank George for me for that sexual gift giving guide it really works out. I'm not been my bedroom my girlfriend first thought I was it was stupid when I told her I would really base her gifts out We have increased our sex life 100% and come Valentine's Day may have to take out a loan for a gift I may need some flag with this is great Bob from Dickens cider give us some things Bob from what you have to slow down when you say that Bob from Dickens cider cider Yeah, give us you give you her vids No, why do the audience has turned his show off first he's eating ass and then he's talking about Dickens cider and we give it a treasure island His neck is definitely too big His he's safe with me. Looks like a football player not any right he looks like what is that not like one of the big fat Line man not like fat but like a thick neck like a like a Yahoo Looks like I got a play for like Georgia only they don't like no white guys in their team They got their quote already Maybe F.S. and you Here's a fact it's from WL chronic color a fact sure good guy George was fine. I don't understand my colors request the same bits over and over of the newer bits. I like Fox news Heather Vokha Brian is the cream of the crap. I admit that song perdi is a hard to do well. What does that mean? He's knock it in I thought he's it was Boko Brian is great This is our good friend WL and Del Ray who I thought was a good faxer The MSU Spartans heard a white coach from Kukukukukukukukuk Plain tuckie it says yeah, we fired a schwarz your coach and hired a wife maybe that's because we were given up like 80 points The game something like that. They might have been part of the reason Javascript has nothing to do with java if you have javascript There is you move on and check the version of your browser and check compatibility of the website to close the air Sometimes I do design for specific. Well see this is something that worked on there all along though see all the time And now it doesn't And the Carlos is in there. Oh, yeah, well, bye bye. I have Mr. Export in there. Yeah, well, and there have to stick your finger when they're back in a computer and other finger when a socket one finger in Eric's ass Sometimes sites are designed for specific browsers and plugins like the Microsoft Mediaplayed allow us to host the WQM live Hey, by the way, we still got the watch a call son. They're right the The old shows what we call our cards Regarding gambling. Don't forget Paul Horning noted in green bay and house carous former iowandy tour lines And any complain I said any complain ass. So I mean the W well I did forget Paul Horning and Alex care They both said a little bit of a gambling problem and speak of that I noticed while I was away all these articles about Pete Rose meeting with the But light and they might let him back in a baseball and a Hall of Fame all the stuff I don't have a problem with Hall of Fame okay stick his ass in there as if if if anybody really should cure But it held us anybody care anymore But one of the lines that I read in some store is some of the 50,000 stories about that was oh Well, he'd be a great credit to baseball if they let him back in great credit my ass. He's still gambling on ahead over a handover fist You'll see him out here at the track with his stacks a hundred dollar bills. He'd be in a disgrace to baseball So if you want to stick him in a Hall of Fame for his accomplishments during his playing career that would be fine Get it over with already and quit the waste in our time with it But this crap about what a great credit he'd be to baseball who'd allow you people kidding, huh? Asked the tellers out of the track about old Pete Rose Anyway, priest accused of sex abuse fond it will get to that tomorrow or Monday Well, we get around what we get to our bedtime stories. We got too many important drugs today. I mean the stuff to do calls to take 567.0560 pound 560 see I should go on vacation more often look how animated the show is today Huh, right your all the cat. I'm doing today. I'm taking off for a few weeks again I think that sounds good to me and by the way thanks again to Greg Reed for the tremendous publicity all and speaking of Carlos and Eric Didn't I mention specifically about it would be nice on my own website for the mention when Neil is coming back on a year Where does it say that? Uh-oh Where does it say that on our website on neorodges.com? I can't even on my own website get promotion when I'm coming back on here after vacations or extended like whatever it's gonna be No Much less all those great billboards I've great's got around town for us not that'll never materialize that's in my contract that this supposed to be up there But never will be So I have to work my ass off for a month For like two and a half months to get the audience back to George blue off and then by the time I get the audience back I'm on vacation again I hate that Not the vacation part but the fact that you keep blowing all the audience off. I'm sorry. We're gonna get in here to fill in Maybe we can get to what's his name mark Eisenberg. He sure had a lot of practice now in it overnight show Maybe tonight's you all put him over the edge huh four hours alone all solo on air to the six in the morning where everybody is sleeping thank God I mean, Marsha good guy, but on the air. I mean, I oh brother. He made he makes Jose Gekky sound like water crunkite Here's Miami Lake, so Hey Neil, I'll be near and same to you sir. Hey listen you're speaking all about the beast and moan I'll be sapphire and everything well handcat like uh end of the year wrap up. Yes, somebody tell me about that All the moments you need to lift up part off the tape because he had the piece I believe they're in the studio or I'm a funny was questioning about it But he was like really gunshot. I didn't want to say anything so uh just brought that up and that that was really funny to be confined that Okay, all right Neil later. Thanks a lot. Yeah, I heard about that somebody gave me a spy report on that I mean how could anybody make that up and he's always in his he's not even denying it all he's doing is a Tacken a guy. He feels by lashing out that somehow he's gonna like uh you know that Mitch guy which was obviously a son of call, but nevertheless Lashing out he's somehow gonna intimidate this guy the louder and more bombastic he gets It's gonna take the heat off a him. I'll guess what mo you're not fooling anybody You're blue to guy off the show why not we spawn honestly by saying he's unprofessional He's a meathead. He's an idiot. I'm gonna show and he's a move down to other things now That would be the honest answer as opposed to a Tacken a where do you get you information? It must be from the trained monkeys between none and one. I got news for the trained monkeys by the way Pan for you to be doing those dolphin games. No, there's sports for quality that's on his radio station, okay? common group ball I'll tell you since they that guilty spill his bag all over his lap in there. He's never been the same. You know he he was making a little bit of a comeback I'm a guilty guilty got up real abrupt that they stripped over the cordu his bag and spilled all over the guy to all over most pants This dripping down his vercos veins. It was an nasty scene in there, but it's what I'm hearing. That's what Robert told me Five's and Zach also five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line That's M. Oh R. Oh M. Here's Palm Beach, hello Hey, what's up? How you doing sir? Welcome back happy new year. Send you and George I thought you're a great job. We're going excellent the bad. Let's go pretty weak Nice and Did he tell you what the best show we have? No The what show the sun show I had such an relaunch all right hour. Well, that's great In fact, you know something I'm starting to think about next summertime. That's a good idea Just picking such George is picking sun sounds good No, wait wait wait. Why couldn't you call in? I didn't take any calls. Why not? I wanted him out of myself and everybody was just gonna call up and say you know No, they wouldn't this guy wouldn't have called it and said I know how these people are why? Because they're assholes. Oh Okay, thanks a lot pal George. Yeah, go ahead Or say on a show that he was born or he thought that the Patriots would win. What do you think about that? See, I wasn't here and I'm not gonna take it all like second hand And then of course he's always gonna say it was a joke and he told Harvey Green. He was doing it was just a joke It just seems to me that he keeps he keeps stick at his hand on the on the stove and then wondering might get It's burn all the time. You know that they just got it never learned to get away from the stove Perfect melody. Hey things. They're hard everybody afford a lot of equipment. All right. Have a great day What is it? What are you looking at me for? George is gonna be a look like I can hear the messages through the door. No five six seven. Oh five sixty What five sixty on the AT&T in Verizon world of slime. See talking about Morgan bad Who isn't Here's a call from Western hello Okay, and the same to you. I hit that when I put a sound hole like that we get those stupid ass messages the wrong line there I know I did not Telling you oh That's what I said Western. I had to wrong line, but there was something on it. Don't see it like I was just doing it ahead of time to get rid of it Five six seven. Oh five sixty come on you can make it to one of clock folks I know you don't believe that I know you'd rather sit and mode about the dolphin choking and blowing that game again And they're not into play. Awesome. What are we gonna do? What are we gonna do get a life? That's what you're gonna do Stop worrying about a stupid goddamn football game. You should be used to what after 30 years, okay? Like the Leafs aren't gonna win a Stanley Cup this year. Oh, well, what a surprise that is huh after 35 years don't surprise me. I know it Get over it and grow up and get a life get a search party together. Okay, go out and yeah, everybody's see if you can find anything out there alive Go to sunrise lake see if you can find anything alive. Here's Western hello Western I'm on a right line this time's your non-estone wrong line Let's try to find Western. I got my own search party go in here on the phone. Hello New Ioria, Sterear. I know I find you on here somewhere. You know what and I'm how our David can get the gorilla and train monkey Harry S I'm tired here in this crap Really quick question pointy please you've been in Toronto lately's that correct? Yeah Is it snowing there right now or not? Christmas you know what upstate New York had all that snow we had about one to two inches in Toronto that day That's the only snow we had we had a few florees the rest of the time, but the very little there's no snow on the ground right now Okay, oh my my way up there. I was just curious there was snow in yet Really funny really funny story here my friend A big dolphin fan to get what a bunch of apples they are down here in South America they have a big New Year's Eve party planned and the dolphins lost So guess what he did He cried and canceled his little party because the dolphins lost a football game He can't believe what an what an idiot. He's an asshole. Yeah Let me ask you one of the question here. I was noticed whenever you guys say direct the word rectum on the air the air We're doing the bit Can you not say that word on the air say what? Got them now, but nobody can say rectum like Mitch Lewis rectum I didn't know if you were allowed to say it because you always play the better No, we can say asshole we just can't say rectum Okay, I'm sorry, but it came it came from rectum. Tell it damn they're killing me it came from that Well, you know what you have a great show. You know what? I'm not going to that hold And I hardly concur What this is a tough one. I've wrestled with this one all week and I've been and I'm not that I'm not supportive of the dolphins because I have Yeah, I like the way they play and I like when they play well, boy. They look awfully sharp I just got I have now falling into the malaise of pessimism. Oh don't do it man. Say it ain't so The Patriots But it upset wind oh Not an upset not an Patriot the Patriots will disappoint the dolphins. Oh boy, but the dolphins will get in the playoffs You better take a different plane up to doing it. I can't help it man. I got I you know Makes it slow and get a hold of you. Oh my god. Yeah, there was there was for you to hear there was the evidence But I like I said I wasn't here when it happened so I don't really don't but it was just a stupid thing to do and it keeps saying and doing stupid things Then it gets like I said bird like a little bit kid with his hand on the stove and I'm like oh I didn't really mean it. It was just a joke. I didn't have the the list of affiliates That was the altar and the fact I still it's amazing. It's the epitome of what this town is all about the Fact that the Miami-Herole which is one all these goddamn prizes and set of runs so on and here's supposed to be a real major market newspaper They put burry jackass any crap that he writes which is basically any crap that Greg read tells him and Moe Howard tells him or anybody else will speak to him Including the mad dog who denies the buddies. He can source with burry jackass. Are you ready for that? The mad dog Greg read and Moe Howard David it they all consort with the little burry jackass that little Tub of pud and he puts it a paper there this thing about well they have a weak signal Yeah, right 50,000 watts in the middle of the Dodd you idiot you jackass a name well deserved very rhymes with Mary and fairy You silly goose and he put it in the paper It's just astonishing it's shocking to me and there's no outrage and there's no people questioning I'm the only one in this whole goddamn town that brings him to bear to account for it I mean don't confuse us with the truth or with the facts. Oh I listen to you show every day you're to guys. They do a wonderful job. He didn't check the affiliate list How can he possibly not know that they're running a market? Maybe they're just coming in magically over his radio. Maybe he's got one of those magic radios And he just speaks the words Tony Bruno and there's the show shows up Howard Stern There's Howard three in the afternoon. How are Stern show comes on holding on his radio? Isn't that an exome feature? Yeah, he's got that new satellite more Howard David radio We just speak you out of the name Stupid Randy Rhodes there she is there's Randy Yes Allen I picked up the game on a big dish. He was blacked out locally if there no idea why the Panthers didn't tell about his name Not a good move nice one on a road, but it was a boring game, but nevertheless they won I just don't get it. I'm gonna have to go back and that arena the back and town straight in those assholes out See what's going on there with Alan Cohen and all those other lunatics You guys are doing a pretty good job on the ice, but off the ice boy pretty weak and that's one of the reasons because nobody knows who's on that team I see Ray Whitney had three assistant Columbus one the other night much much of that game as they beat the penguins five to two And Mike's so in your head of goal and then sister I do believe in it both having a big year sure What do I have those guys back on a team My Oh, that was the rejoin better I beg your pardon. Well, most of the guys are talking about drugs. I understand and about sex and about steroids. I mean I was told that was a rejoin that Most of us have a great life and thanks to the town wall With co-starman there, Bokka Bryant couldn't you wait like another week or two Not that I'm not happy to see it, but Jesus Christ over with a chicken neck of yours It's like I think good. I think that he loaned his neck to fat rich You'd be very proud of fat rich by the way. I'm amazed. I'm shocked But I guess it's pretty good when they tell you your blood pressure is 50 over 30 and that one chamber in your heart is a work in anymore That probably is if that scared us and do it for you then it's time to check out then to think Check out what 50 over 30. I can't even imagine a blood pressure like that. How much even Moses higher than that? Well You know what they take blood from him when he goes for blood tests. It's real easy to find a vein 560 5060 on the AT and Verizon wireless line. What is he saying? Oh, that's human He's got the most piece on there. They're back cool on the head Here's a call from the cables. Hello And Neil yes, sir. You can watch the Ohio State U of MBS to ball game. I might Really I thought you're so your a Ricos fan now. No. I didn't say I was rooting for them I said I might watch the game that doesn't mean I'm rooting for them. Of course not Okay, hey did you hear what they want to set up the top and plus I'm afraid to ask we need some help Okay, he was doing pretty weekly until he got to that now Here's a faction manette who says welcome back happy new year nice to have you back to talk here's a good one I enjoyed George for the first time Says a net how do you like that? There's starting to catch a little bit of slack not too much. Maybe it's because of the holidays Or maybe because you talked about what was it with the guy said before you talked about that he enjoyed so much I forgot looking asked that was it. I listened every day of the way to work on joy the articles you read on a radio I don't have time to read all those papers you keep me in form says it Wow, we'll see we'll see how it shakes out during the new year sweetheart Because so far today we don't have too many people call him in praying for those periodocles on audio We don't want to get a little Tommy jick all bent out of shape again. We want to do the show exactly the way Tom wants. Okay Remember Tommy wants he was pretty good driver hazel park pop at O park Good truck man 567. Oh 560 pound 560 on the AT&T what's wrong with sitting here in begging for calls all day? How for four hours for that kind of money. I'll do it. I got Boca Brian's checking my pocket here I know he would come in today. I know what kind of guy he is the way he operates Although I will say this all of the bits that he does that I can't play on a year Let's start to get a little expensive these days. Here's a call from Marguid. Hello Yes, sir happy new year to you and the same to you You know, I'm a season ticket holder for the fanters and I'm unfortunately been going here the one You haven't got a most of the games. I'm right up. I'm right up at the from you in one 19. Yeah Yeah, you know when I know why they're not what I need to be it's all about money I mean when papal burry gets trades 11 million dollars worth the payroll disappears What do they do with that 11 million dollars? Well, the thing that really it pisses me off is the fact that if they would have spent some amount money on just a couple of Free agents or a couple other players They they really could be competitive. I mean there only four points out of first in a week division right now If they would have kept Whitney if they would have kept Soldier even forgetting about getting anybody new if they would have just kept some of their really good players Number one to fans would have known who the damn team was a number two They could have been maybe even in first place right now With the matter with Gary and our Monday and they were out there for the grab or our Melambi sky all the best played great for the blues After they ended up doing nothing then up with a team that's got a lot of energy that the 23 24 years old They're not a bad team No, man, I keen the keen and is doing a great job with him. I mean you and people don't realize what a marvelous job He's doing with a very young and experienced team But the fact is with all the years of disappointment and frustration of public spins through here and for those kind of prices People don't want to see young and energetic. They want to see really competitive and team especially in home that can win some games Can you explain to me? I don't understand about the token why the sop aesthetic at home and why they really actually played damn well But you know something that may be the the age factor again because when they're at home They may you know feel a lot more pressure when you've got young and experienced kids on the team Maybe that's it because at home they've played scared. They're on their heels. They don't look good I mean the doubt the Dallas game last Friday. That was one of the worst games I've ever seen in my life That was pathetic. Yeah, a few more films like that and you'll hear an echo understand You know well obviously near there now that I'm back. I'll become a game I'll come over and say I like theoretical way I actually got every game. I sit and I pray but the end results pretty typical We know it's gonna be a tie and another time Yeah, right okay There's my good friend Tommy just came in. He's got some interesting reports. I'll bet here is our good for your good friend David again who just won't stop He won't we're gonna have to do something with this guy. You know it I Notice on the top it says aircraft parts support group ink You don't think that's a corporation you might own or work for it being involved with in some instances on their facts machine or he's stuck in to use their facts mission. Oh, yeah, could be could be a like camouflage I just got off the phone with Jeff high. He's over to car wash doing a promo Anyway, he's scared of you right now because of the balance for life thing He said that during the holiday seat like a pig and I saw me everything from devil those to chocolate cake To devil legs on top of chocolate cake Anyway, he's avoiding you. Jeff initially told me he stopped balance for life because he didn't like the food but after prodding He admitted the problem was because he couldn't eat what he wanted was really tough especially during the holidays with Salem's hot dogs he had shipped in from Buffalo in a Polish weeners. You are a Polish weener fat boy. You idiot He also drinks like a fish which means beer wine whiskey everything most of the liquor he gets a discount from your sponsors at a Once sponsor about six months ago. I had to help him into a bathroom stall. It's like looking at a blob. It says I've never seen someone down as much liquor as Jeff have you ever met a son Matthew. Yes five foot two and three hundred pounds. He's he's got the whole fat family It's tragic his wife is a tub his daughter was a tub the one who's gonna be what is she Olympic Eater She's an Olympic cake eater, I think It says don't bother with balance for life to with Jeff because he I never I was not my idea to put him on there I said the beast keep him on there and get old Troy and trust rat for oh no Well, you know he hasn't lost it up and they put a guy and who's this in the field from the beginning Go like be like put me on it If he's gonna use me as a poster child he forget about it. Thank you to happen. I'm gonna lose weight eating Boba Gnuch No, I don't think so eating all that tofu stuff. I like some real food man I like real food for real people 567. Oh 60 pump 560 on so bring in the stuff you got there. Will ya old crater head? Let's go already God damn it as he's slow. I could play I could either gonna play his bits or I'll play the Franklin condo thing Which is this there is dasho and Edwards and Kerry and Dean Never remember I was talking about Franklin condo and he was a laser I and see a wasted way in Hallendale Well nothing's for and even Gary still carries a dream But do you recall no the very best candidate Bob Graham's the only candidate Who can run and win it all? You make a real great president if Bob will only answer the call All of the other candidates Together they don't make one Bob They would all say you ask them Bob Graham he can do the job So let's be in our rally cry Say it loud and clear Bob our country needs you now make the choice to run somehow They're so happy as we shouted out with green Bob Graham the 44th president You would be the one Think that's enough of that Well Franklin condo he's a big Democratic booster pusher You know what kind of like Wayne Arnold? He's big at the water department stuff like that hey, by the way. Thanks Wayne you're good guy 567.560 but he's smoking about that's American and smiling here's you're smircling again I love it In here tomorrow we love we love we love Wayne Arnold and we love the Hudson right in fact I like it so much and make go on and buy one a Hudson You ever see a Hudson boy those things were nasty looking no wonder they went out of business I mean some cars you don't know why they went out of bit like stutabakers were kind of cute I mean Packard my father used to buy Packards all the time X because he had tasting his Tush Packards were like a big box like a huge box But stutabakers were cute when I was looking card how about the Henry J was a good looking old car Friend who had a stutabaker do you ever see Henry J? Would like the fins kind of like candle like fins on a arasin oh, they were nice Henry J Huh 567.560 what now we got a new more Howard David Yeah, got uh not auction coming up oh boy that's where we auction off an item a great value Sashin me, oh oh yeah Hey hold this way okay I We got the auction these items off for a very very good good cause reach for the sky What's that me? It really stupid if they don't give up a goat we take it anyway, see oh like reach for the sky Your money or your way What's the amount of mo I'm thinking Just a joke mo a joke, huh? Yeah, I got it joke for you now that's funny Now where we got stuff in off this dive why not all can off your pee bear say that's not a bad idea I need to know in anyway Yeah, please but please let me tell my minions in paradise about the luxurious of a glazed hotel and it's magnificent Bah That's where my close place in a man ran jpealer and I go quite often He doesn't like too many to spy lying there naked With just a doll Steening moisture Area or eight new balls J soft hands Hit the caressing my butt on Didn't grasp in him you are a loser You get very the way mo you're squint on me Something you are professionals what how dare you win total of the spot but argument  Oh here you lie With your very You wanna see The billed again in my pants It smells like hot snow Now time you've gotta bland new bed That makes me feel good It's difficult Like it all the kaka should be in the net It feels nice Like when I melt it, I wax it my eye This old wood is saying So I gotta get a bread to bake It's nice It's nice It's nice It's nice Okay Coffee 1-5-60 WQAM No more little small bits until next week 355 votes on a pool Well, I think this has been great today This has been like a holiday I didn't realize I would have been more enthusiastic about coming back today If I realized we still were on a holiday Everybody else in a building is Except Muffke and he's gone now Let's take the building over now There ain't nobody here right in the place We'll go lock the doors Let's take this to you and over Is there anything worth anything here? No How's it? We used to joke about that We're gonna help with it Was it an INZ somewhere? We used to joke about lock in the doors And just taking the place over and playing Crap over and over like for 48 hours Yeah, let's play that dolphin song That would be good Now the Brian Cox one Let's play that from that I don't want to clap Come on morning Your beats the mark Eisenberg show. I'm sorry That's bad. Why do I pick on mark so bad? He's a good guy. What do you know he's not good on the air? No, I wouldn't do that He knows you sound like I'd damn, uh, Ted Hundley Does it he? Who? You're such a puts I heard just a rumor that George had another birth there I heard they called it off this year for lack of interest Does that mean I don't age? Here's Medley, hello You know welcome back Yes sir Hey listen, uh Happy New Year to you sir Same thing about it Happy 2003 Why you still down on the air And even uh, Larry Coker is a good guy And he's right in the clean program now And I'm not like that Jimmy's Johnson Yeah, I don't know I really can't figure that out That's a good question I'd like it with Notre Dame Once he developed a hatred for a program It's hard to make it go away, you know He's a good guy though that Larry Larry Coker, he's okay They got a great program and the only thing I miss is Sunny Hers She's not around anymore No he's not Well we got Joseph Gackie, Pukin and Screaming and acting like about a 10 year old child And my good friend Don Bailey Jr. squealing and caring I'm trying to be like Mad Dog Jr I've been embarrassed every time I hear that Yeah It's just a period when you think that they're going to have bills And for doing a U of M games and they made that Bad, bad mistake Would Joseph Gackie That's that's so unconscionable I get a nervous stomach for him But he's a good guy He gives you spilky's right But anyway, I miss that bills I'm sorry they had to bring that mohower to fit in I'm your team, Bill Zimper would not have picked a win with a win A game last Sunday, I guarantee you, and either Rick Weaver Could you imagine Rick Weaver? The inventor of the White Hankies and all that stuff Can you imagine him picking the dolphins to lose to any opponent? No chance He should be strong up for that Well we're working on it Seriously, I mean stuff is thick No matter whether it's stick or not He's the one that's always talking about Well under the guise of stick There's certain things you don't do one of the guise of stick And it is turned on the people that are like paying your guy damn mal salary That would be like me attacking the beastly But it's cheap fast It's much of cheap y'all Who's I am, but I think tomorrow do four hours on what Bob Bromuth told me over there in Amsterdam And I did her that night About how that night he found George Beesley up in that treeplain And a banjo, I'm going to tell all those stories tomorrow Between 91 right here on this station That's exactly what Bob removed, be telling me And he also told me what a smart guy Greg Reed was And at that point I knew I was dealing with a major asshole 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T Maybe if you talk nice to the engineering department Maybe they'll send you all that equipment from Amsterdam Maybe maybe Carlos there can scan the computer Okay I mean it's kind of like this one here It's kind of generic but it works pretty good What are you notting your heads? They're not going to give you crap man Or you kidding me? We could use the computer in here They have damn right we could use that computer right here Get rid of that old piece of crap I think that one's slow It is Oh is it because of the computer that slow Because then you're going to give me all over Belsoth No no no no my good friend Spurrow can't And then all over internet explorer and over on that'scape And it comes out the side out of the computer slow Well I'd be glad to spring for a new computer in here When you're making 20, 30, 40 million a week I mean what's the problem here? I've got the big bucks coming in What are you laughing about? Nothing we could put that one in here See that's one thing I'll say for this play one thing And that is like if I go out and I'm going to like Like at the ATM because I have my card with me all the time Because you get the better exchange rate when you're like in Toronto At the ATM so I get all my cash out of the ATM And you take that money and you think to yourself It doesn't make any difference It's like when I went to village the other day to buy some clothes Not because I want to get all spift up to impress me But because you know I got to get some clothes And I went in there and I paid the extra price There's nobody shop but in there because they have beautiful merchandise at a hefty price I don't care I don't shop price But I go into public I just picked stuff off the shelf that I want That's nice to be able to do that I'm not saying this to look down and know that all three of you were a bunch of slippers But now that I think of it it's pretty nice to be able to not worry about cash You know however much I want there it is I got it You know? No I mean now two of the three of you still got most of your life at the Abolka Brian Of course he's you know he's at the end of the road He's still he's in addition which since his mind is trapped in the 50s and 60s anyway He ought to be happy to have an income the money he's making I was big money back in the 50s in the 1850s Yeah, so we ought to be satisfied with that he can buy all those old Uncle milty tapes Oh, by the way thanks very much for the how do you do the DVD? Do you know he sent me that for my birthday? No, I didn't how do you do the and it's still up there in Toronto I'm gonna have to go out and buy a DVD player to watch what he's laughing about I can go right over there downtown By all the DVD players I want how much you want here's my credit card here's some cash here's some an achieved Canadian cash No problem It's a nice feeling I want to go out and buy two more covets today. I think just out of spite I'm gonna go by two more covets They got that new one the anniversary model which nobody has called about you how much I'm amazed that you people What is it the what which anniversary 40th? I think 40th well whatever year it is 50th. I don't know 50th I think I need a couple of those though you and then I'll have to build an ad on garage No problem so that's something nice to be said about that So all the other bullcraft you have to put up about with here with temperamental old silly people with bad verico's veins and colossal effects You just you just you know You just say to how are the who cares? I just ignore him. That's my that's my thing for this year We'll talk about him all we want in fact he's always saying that's our only topic on the show Maybe we will do that this year maybe he'll be the topic of the show every day because that seems to be what he wants It's good. Yeah, that and that's what he's looking for a lot of attention. He can never say that we don't give him plenty of publicity 567.0560 pound 560 on the AT&T. I think those drugs are starting to kick in right about now Oh my god, and beat that jater meat Oh It's best to go You're so wonderful. I'm show you mothers in the arms and alarms You're not from orange You're not from orange You're not a big group guys I'm gonna be the mother of the rest of the company You're not much now Take the movie escape So it was right we great You hold the couple all the mind is in his adorn Psycho each never be known On the radio Law is rather should know No You're as far as I should know Oh You're as far as I should know Oh He's every day Anybody Okay, 19 to 150 we got the mad dog at one Josie Josh D. DB J got a whole lot of initials on here on this schedule Must have taken a buffer least an hour and a half to put this together from the festival and the beast also From 3 to 6 30 6 30 the way we got the or the big oh in here not in the orange bull that couldn't fit him in there And then we got the orange bull itself from me to me I forgot to ask Muffy voice looked out here. How about that panther game is on waxy Panthers at Colorado avalanche big game that I think could be read on the verge of first place and we're putting it we're farming it out to like a girl station Any can after the hockey after the orange bull I guess and then mark Eisenberg's solo overnight That's our schedule take it early. It's starting to like come back a little bit toward you know And of course my good your close personal friend moldy back with guilty tomorrow morning. See we even promote that show I don't know what you're talking about we want we want to get a big number in there. Okay, like to see him get a seven share next time It's a it's a fact I'm going to tell you what I think another resolution for me this year. It's done a hold of everywhere I go I have to hold up the whole guy the Amstation on my back everything is centered around kneels ratings kneel to the 10 how about somebody else doing a 10 or 11 share right in this next book Huh? You're shmorking but how about it And then we can siphon off a little bit of extra bonus money on somebody else's back for a change Right wouldn't it be nice wouldn't that be nice that's what they've each voice in of course Carl suit ran out but he would be talking about pet sounds was such a great album He would be saying it again because he heard somebody say that once 5 6 7 0 5 6 and let's see you know how bad is he hears you they they I heard somebody say how many times my mother's always in a heard somebody once say well, who I don't know but somebody once said That pet sounds was a brilliant album was the beach boys most brilliant work in Brian Wilson was squeezing his teddy bear and taking long maps 5 6 7 0 5 60 bar sure feel luck better thanks a lot Moses for these italian all's or or two and all's I guess I miss riddle look at the phones man We got lots of open lines here. We've been doing so well. We got only 17 minutes to go only 17 minutes to go And we don't have a whole bunch of people called and say and happy new year Neil and George and Carlos and Moses and Mo what the hell's wrong with you people are you anti social anti-Semitic or what? Here's a compliment or window hello Yes, sir. Yeah, I'm on the time I can't control and I'm in the hinterlands and you saved me. Okay So glad to hear your voice on the radio. I saw where pop Graham is going to be on the chain gang tonight Bob Graham is going to be on the chain gang Yeah, it's going to be working the chains at the orange for all the pop ball game. Oh, he's doing his that means he must be running again How blackback when he was governor. He was doing his job a week or whatever was I thought I did not we never stopped doing that. It's up to he does one a week and he's up to 360 self-in Now guarantee of you walked a you come in whatever gate he's going to be with those BDIs You'd be you'd that's and go through there It's a pretty sad statement He's the best folk with democrat that yeah, but you're our floor to man speaking of a sad state That's right and my wife. I only got to see what a fun out both being looks like I was in the paper in the sun. I know what I hope I hope it wasn't too close after breakfast With the shorts on yeah So I'm having a good time here on half the hinterlands and looking forward to here and you the rest of the year. Okay. Have a safe trip pal Thank you and a Japanese new year. Well another great call. I heard you take that day that that woman called in that bitch That was sucking you ass who ripping me in ass. Oh, is it too much work that bitch? The other great call I heard was oh, so I've gorled what a one-and-mix bride everything would be perfectly right remember that guy Oh, yeah, no one was childish right wingers who can't discuss things intelligently But have to like always bring it down to that kind of it. You got a comment you mean you didn't hear the clean-dong guy no Clean-dong clean-dong clean-dong. Oh, one of your people Now how come somebody sends me this one of our regular factions with this Mark Twain from the mysterious stranger? They just had a good thing on here at email. I'm seeing it. I saw the corner of my eye About why we're not going after North Korea because they don't have any oil stupid right they got to vomit No oil or rack may have the bombers are working. I want but they got through well. We want it we want it You know, we got we used Sodom for what we needed to do against Iran against the Iotola right and now we're done with him and plus he's a pain in the ass It's so now we're gonna go in here and take the world hooked the hose up I filled up with gas here yesterday man. I took it back up to a box 75 for premium again They're so can us once again. You notice how everything is all dependent on oil Your whole life is dependent on oil your heating bill your down here your uh air conditioning everything the your damn car everything is dependent on oil Because that's the way the bush family. I mean all these uh right winners. That's what they want Oh, where does my list here? Time magazine finally did something really good to see it. No persons of the year not just one There's the issue. Oh the whistle whistle blowers Cynthia Cooper of Worldcom calling rally of the FBI and Sharon Watkins of Enron These are the whistle blowers and more and power hats off to them man for having the balls here A three women with bigger balls than most of the guys you'll ever meet Have enough balls to win their and expose the kind of crap going on the kind of rip off so the kind of ineptitude and the kind of garbage that our tax dollars are going and And not only that, but how come there's not a revolution in this country over all the money I saw a piece on CBS news a couple of nights ago. Maybe want to cry About all the money that was lost by stock brokers. I don't want to mention no names And about well people are fighting back. They didn't tell you anything. They promo it for the whole half hour They finally put those story on it and say a goddamn thing About how you get your money back from the goddamn brokers who never put in any stop orders who lost your life savings or a good chunk of it There ought to be a man and like a civilized country there'd be a revolution if that was going on not in this country They're too busy crying like you said the other day. Oh the dolphins lost. They're still worried about that crap If we could get as many people going back to that bitch again, it was a true and me out if we could get as many people in this country to care about things that really counted in the world And understand where to hell the world is at as they do care about frivolous crap like some stupid ball game then we might be making some progress Like you open up these magazines down here's M and M M and M entertainer of the year you know what I'm saying Does that see at all or what hatred and Canada from the internet you're listening. This is an old article by the way Did not already read the yeah December 26, but I've seen this before maybe I read it myself up there I don't know there are facts me all kinds of bedtime stories. We're not well. I'll save them maybe for a rainy day We'll decide as we go along Because if we continue getting some calls on this show I'd rather continue doing this I'm having a good time today this show went back and by like grease lightning today This is easier than doing all that other That's right. It's a cop out of your goddamn right. It's a lot easier than doing all that hard work Who that wants to do hard work when you can get paid the same for going boom and play it a bunch of parts That's right lady. So stuff it up your ass you miserable bitch and don't ever call George again or come I'll come with a 2 by 4. We don't have no baseball bad. He's not in a baseball. He'll come in a 2 by 4 and beat your brains out of picking find him Well, I want to see the picture first Oh You kidding me she was holding up to be your grandma Who has she's probably kind of your mom Here's David who faxes and says Neil you're the best you're right sir. Thanks for the years of entertaining us I'm from Martha's vineyard in the Patriots fan. All right David Right here it we may not have made the playoffs. We may have gotten screwed over by the jets there, but it's our own fault For blowing at second jet scheme and playing so crappy that the tent is seeking didn't even show up but nevertheless It says Tom Brady the Patriots quarterback play the entire second half of the dolphin game with a separated shorter never knew that did you know that? So much for being a pretty boy quarterback who isn't tough right how do you let in that That's the first I heard of that David Thanks so much we enjoy you so much that's a friend. Did you know that that Brady played the whole second half of the separated shorter in the dolphin game That's right you're not even out of sports nerdy. They've been hanging out with him too much I'm asking Volca Brian like he would know he would know Tom Brady from the Brady bunch The fact he wouldn't know the Brady bunch because that's right up his alley again all that old-scale TV that you see on Nickelodeon 5 6 7 0 5 what? Or just making them not just noise it back about one about the other faggot brigades, so out there Faggot brigades, they gave brigade. You know the little boys like the ball guys. Oh, you're a little speaker use. Why did you call him what they really are? Spick Brigade, but they're particularly gay. I see on the next Christopher little show Hello, come with me to Georgetown and Washington DC to see my toughest project yet decorating a typical Republican They're not like the Republicans over past more like the distant past Not my type but when you're living in a plutocracy I don't have much choice look at the bright side Maybe this will get me in a freight car with a nice corny treatment on the window Okay, sensible Republican lamb shades they like the ones made out of Jewish skin You gross isn't it that's the toughest part for me Then it's like much too dim with that orange yellow hue next to real mall, dingy Oh, well, I also get great not to judge Now I thought a nice man runner in the foyer would be a nice touch, but say for you men hair throws Not my style, but easy to shake out after wiping your feet here we are outside This rather important White House client of mine. I'm not mentioning any names Anyway, he wants a vintage lawn jockey on his lawn, but not the kind you think now this is a Republican half, so he wants to hire a Really grow the sensible Republican home on the next Christopher little show only on discovery channel 500 times a day Nor turn or should be. I'm sorry. We're talking to the man dog about thinking we're analyzing it Did you like that that they threw the ball three times there or two times that feed or you're a screw? They had to kill someone at clock therapy in man Exactly and especially Ricky is running like a wild man the one thing we know about the Patriots is they can't stop their run They cannot stop it to save their lives and are throwing a ball. That in the shadow of their own goal line Happy new year mad dog have a great show man It's good to see you look what about 70 ready. He's aged a lot since that game You know, he looked last time. I was here. He looked great and now in fact he's wearing one of most pieces I just noticed that look at that. He's wearing a Sunday best But let's do much begin pretty tight. He's one of the Mr. Peace Boy, boy poor mad dog. He used to be so great. He's still great But I mean just the tilting mo got him under his thumb. You know, he's just not the same 567. Oh five 560 pound 560 on the AT and see I think tomorrow what we're gonna do since there's nobody around We'll play all those book and Brian bits the ones that we can play on the year. We'll play money or anyway You know the uncensored ones the ones we used to put on our best of see me back in the days when we used to do best of cities Which I sure wish we could still do that How much you error could set him out right from the house 3 guys on the floor on the other room Spirey port three guys under four all at the same time Oh man hey Eric happy new year sweetheart. Don't let him pick on you baby Here's number five, so I don't I'm doing great George is apple red in there. He's candy apple red just like that the stingray I'd like to have yes He was very good while you were he was great. All the reports are glowing on George Now we know the week to look people call in who turned out and just realize that I came back He's very informative. I was surprised he knows his craft man. Yeah, but yeah, I'm glad you're back The mass I'm where it said trust me. I tell you Hold onto your core vets there's a brand new model coming in September What brand new hope totally new you have a what about the anniversary one of my right to that come out this fall? Yeah, but it's the same body style you have now but it will turn with that. I love my vets man. I love him I know no, I'm not saying anything against I'm just joking about that when I got to the frang If when you come right down what all do I need to him for right now? I'm only here like three four months a year What do I need to corvets? Yeah, just to be a show off just to be a hot shot like Mo Mo's not a hot shot. He ruined that show I missed the teeth. Oh, don't you miss teeth. Oh, I missed Joe Rose and he for how do you like that? Joe and he for yeah Go be it's horrible now. Yeah, Gellie used to be a good guy, but now of course He just has to be a professional suck up every morning, so we just get it's so obvious I can't listen you know for more than 10 minutes. I get the scores and that's the end of it And you notice how Gellie's voice even went up to more octaves since Mo came on because he's got about a short here So his I just won't keep going get the hockey job or something. Wouldn't that be great? Yeah, I mean He could be like foster he would all over again. Okay. Have a great time. New year pal Same to you nails. Thanks See, that's a great day man great day for the Irish for the Goi everybody's having a good time that I feel so glad to be back in South Florida briefly I mean if I if I were back here and thought I was stuck here like for the duration, you know like for more than a while I would be saying oh my god. This is gotta be like being in purgatory which it is This is a horrible state. This is a Yahoo state in fact. Where was that story somebody facts me about Mrs. Sipy? Or did Carlos give that to me Carlos? I mean when Mrs. Sipy was that Mrs. Sipy rally was Mrs. Sipy won it? Yes, they're putting a computer in every classroom in Herando, Mississippi in the whole state In a milestone for student achievement in state pride Mrs. Sipy has become the first date of an online computer in each of its public school classrooms A spokesman for the governor said governor Ronnie Musgro now the one state that's always vying battling with Florida for being last in every every aspect of education Is Mrs. Sipy So I think we're now that we got the education governor in there again. All right, that's going to her jepster One more that I'm here and always that because of this thing about the class size amendment That the slots are finally going to come to the race track is the one more that I'm here because they have no other other other than raising taxes They have no other way to get that revenue to pay for it and of course the public will never stand for that in addition Which since Jeb has presidential aspirations There's no way he's gonna be raising taxes So a lot of a sudden those religious goody two shoes are saying well a little gambling they've ever heard anybody That's what they're saying so that would be great Here's a call from Orlando hello. Hello Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, are you pissed off and fired up the day or what I am? I heard these drugs will do it for you man. I heard the first hour of the morning and you were talking about radio smagma Yeah, change in format. Yes. I haven't heard you said 10 o'clock so have you mentioned anything about is 94 3 and you're listening audience. I mean is that In Palm Beach, you've got that monsters in midday to put on your now and Yeah, you rip the crap out of that man. I love wait for the arbitrage to come in. Why are we care about them? I don't care about them He peed he's radio a radio group. He's always facts me this stuff about well The monsters in midday are gonna be in Palm Beach and this was good What the hell do I care? I'm here every day doing my thing and we continue to rule the roost in the life goes on If we get a one share, this took out a pamy. What do I care? You're great man. I picked the rest and night You know and that guy said he misses Joe Rose and everybody yeah Listen to a mom that you miss Chuck Meyer And those phoneers those interviews are pretty good man. I'll tell you Thanks a lot Neil. Have a happy new year. Bye. Yeah, I'm excited miss the old days. How did my now? What ever happened with Reniri did we ever get any more spy reports on that? No no no no ones He's okay. I mean these guys the people make stuff up because I understand you live in a Florida your lives are very empty It's like living in a vacuum and so you got to make up these stories about Reniri being drunk Whatever that was I'm sure he's fine. Is it any? I don't know I'm sure he's fine and about Randy being a princess or whatever that story Well whatever you know they're all and I'll see all those Palm Beach stations We don't know from that down here. They're not a factor They're not a factor just like Jim Sarny with that crap about oh savvy sports radio listeners will be tuna a 50 They're ain't nobody gonna be tuna a 50 okay you idiot Jesus Christ Jim Sarny looks like he's sucking on a quince get a new picture any he does He they got a picture of a guy who writes a column and a major market newspaper supposedly and it was like he's sucking on a quince He is the ugliest mother scratch I've ever seen in my life. He may see me look like God they're Robbie Benson Makes you the George look like bread pit Makes book a bride look like Josh Hartnett makes Carlos look like Tom Brady Hey, I tell you one thing mad dog finally said he came in here I mentioned that thing about that fact. I just got about Brady sent which it's true Play the whole second half of that dolphin game with a separated shoulder now you talk about see because and it's true Because of the fact that he's got a pretty face and a pretty girlfriend and all this other crap Therefore, he is the sport nerds they assume he's just a pussy, you know He never got to be a real man because he looks too good. He's just a pretty boy playing the whole second half When I've separated shoulder and take their ass in that last drive and in overtime How do you like that and man? It's finally acknowledged it of course I should have congratulated him on Michigan's big one yesterday. He would like that Congratulations mad dog your team beat a girl school. Well, he did This has been a real fly opener today, you know, it's been really spectacular Do we have that one last book a bribe but Hello Marketing group if they I borrow a few moments of your time for a presidential ratings call Okay, well, thank you We'd like your input on how intelligent president bushing type go ahead all right here we go Who is smarter Jerry Mahoney or president bush? President Bush Nucklehead Smith or president bush president Bush Nuckleoff against or president Bush President Bush Hunts for or president bush president bush Yes reverend Jim Ignatowski or president bush president for Dale Grimble or president bush past members who quit NYPD blue or president bush and president for saw dust for president bush Resident bush that he's a confine lead an an a call or president bush That's a tough one Um, president bush. Yeah. Thank you very much. That concludes this poll by the way. I'm winking at you I don't know if you can see that I'm okay, but I'll feel small. Thank you Okay, that's gonna do a happy new year the mad dog's neck. Bye bye Is it you