There was a guy in the bathroom taking a big cheese stir, and he took a place smell like hell on earth. Who was skipping? It was like the coral springs. Who was skipping? Oh, but I was skipping. Listen, Neil, I have to find a way of beast this full of crap too. You're on the way out. Yeah, you're on the way out. I asked him 10 times, Neil. The guy in the toilet, if he heard your show yesterday, I thought your show yesterday was so funny that I had to pull over and coral springs and eat hamburgers at Royce. You know, there's really sweet irony here because I remember back in June, and I said to you, I said the beast isn't impediment to your show. I was on professional and he's garbage and he's idiot. It's you. Yeah, Neil Rogers and I did a thorough of my show and he was not going to tell me how to do my show. Alright, to me, you're always right in the end. It's only the fourth of September already you want to dump his fan asked out of there. Well, you're right about everything in the end, in the beginning, I'm just a smart ass. But in the end, the wisdom shows through that you're right. And I told people on the air and they got a little head up and give you a little warning signal here. You're right about it. You're right about that. What do you do, man? George is a show killer. George has been warning me to about the beastly people. Anyway, I think that Scott Junior did imperfect on your show. Scott and Scott Junior, it's a great quinoa. I'm proud of the community. He just, he's not in the show at all. He hates the show. He loves your show. Dude, I don't know if it doesn't do a my show. I don't know. I love your show. He loves you. But he only problemed me in it. If that happened, then they would try to dump the beast off on this show. I think we just ought to keep the beast around building the service clearance and the eat. That would be good. Give all of those people. This is your favorite thing I do. You're right, you're right. Because that was kind of a job with no particular signature. In other words, no real responsibility, just some kind of a title. And just hang out and serve it. I'm going to the Neil. I'm going to the baseball. I'll give you the PD stuffer. I'm going to the baseball game today. I'm going to the ask you a question. By the way, 11,135, Mr. Marlon. Yes, he does. He'll deal off on the hysterical enthusiasm and trying to hype everything up because now you're finally also not only catching on the beast as a polycraft, but also the fact that nobody in South Florida really cares about the beast. I ask you about, but you like baseball a little bit, Diane? Not any more. But do you think? Why used to be a gigantic fan? Do you think Jake and Pirates fan? Do you think that Jim Admin says, I'm a Yankee and Pirates fan to you? If you got the hot spring Jim Edman, I think he's ugly. I just think he's just a great baseball player. Do you know Murphy, I'll tell you then. Did you tell me what he's not? Did you tell me what he's not? Did you tell me what he played for before he played for the Cardinals? Jim Edman? Yeah. He was really angels, but there was something in between. Was it what he played for? He did. He sounded like you knew it right away. Did you think he could do a better one if you do the best sports show on the station? Neil, if you want to know Neil, I can do the best show on the station. Any of my sports, are you kidding me? Hey, you know what they said today about the GM of the Panther said that he's actually really excited about the play and the development of the high belief in the fourth player and team history to reach the 300 goal mark. For anyone who may require background information or further details on the NHL Challenge 2000. We'll just put the Leafs TV on the rest of the day. What are you saying? I am. I'm sorry. I'm trying again to give you a little help. I mean, you know, there's nothing quite like the overrated Toronto Maple Leafs every year. They're going to suck this year. 67 they haven't come close. Right, but at least I saw forced and they come, baby. The best series I saw was that Toronto Islanders series two years back. They went to each other's teeth. Yeah. That was the only one that was great. I went to all the ones that I had to buy him the food. I decided not to go to normal game. Yeah, tell them. I've told you before my family places that I would. What is the guy named Forster the press box and the Maple Leaf? The Foster Hugh and the Underlaw. Yeah, Foster Hugh and the Foster Hugh and the Underlaw. The Foster Hugh and the Underlaw. The Foster Hugh and the Underlaw. The Foster Hugh and the Underlaw. If you're going to steal Gellie's job and who the Panther games, you might as start learning a little about hockey. I'm going to take this call, but listen, I'll get right back to you. I'm still on the air. The thing I want to ask you about, do you know, Shaco and the Oshidh? You're a rookie con you want to run here like Hank's those? Actually my little driver. I have a question for you. Shaco Neo Shidh. You know, I don't care about Shaco. Yeah, you did. You should run chair lifts up and down his arms. I want me to give a crap about it. All right, this for us is I don't care. But anyway, I think 11,135 is pretty damn embarrassing. So you did it, the NFL is so tight. I checked it out. There was no rain last night. There was no inclement. Whether there was no hurricane. There was no tornado. There was no end of the war. 11,135 were a team that's tied with the wealthy for the wild card right now. Josh Beckett threw a shot out again. The Josh. 11 games over five hundred. What did you do here? What did you do here? What did you do here? What did you do here? What did you do here? What did you do here? What did you do? I think the reason that baseball will never survive. First of all, it's a horseball sports, finally. When number two is that there's nobody there this time at here. Nobody comes back to like November. When did they come back in all honesty? November December. It like Thanksgiving. Christmas. New Year's December January. February March. And then everybody leaves again. My dad's coming for a fucking seasonal time. My dad's moving November 1st. Back into a place enthroned me out. Your place where should I live in plantation? We don't want to implantations. You think I get a fort? I'm a bracer plant. You're at the right place. You're at your place. I'll have made to know everything. You're living cruel springs. That'd be the place for me. That's why I want to live. No, no, no, no. Great place for you. This is a black there, is there? Now listen to me. In cruel springs? Yeah. And we've got a few gangs in here. But most of the gangs are white kids and cruel. What about the guppies? What about cuckin' in? Some rise we got the old the condo commando gang. What about cuckin' a creek? They throw still moths of all. Hey, by the way, tonight I'm having a party at Royce for the NFL star. Are you excited about the NFL being bad? Are you saying I'm patriots? Big Patriots, man. I want to. I don't you. And the beast, I always like that beast. I do hate you. Why don't you a promoter? But you're going to be at the game this afternoon. Let's get some people out there. Seriously, you put all the self-acrinders and crap about doing what? The beast as he go in. He can't walk in the heat. He gets a little as cholesterol goes up. Yeah, he gets a stroke. His body and daddy are flying in the town today. So that was in town at the Marlins 12. What is it? What? You get off the air. I don't want to clock today. The next Wednesday at 1230. Don't you get off the air anyway. I think all the Marlins home games should start like 1130. He gets on it too, but he doesn't do a single thing in the 1 o'clock hour. He's done. He's eaten the sandwich up in Toronto with his favorite cafe. What are you talking about? That's only on Wednesday now. You better start catching up with what's going on. I am. I'm excited. I listen to the show. He's so pretty. I'm excited. What do you do? I wonder what he's seeing. He's got another type of summit in the Bahamas at the Crystal Palace. What kind of a skin is he going to call? I just came back from Vegas. He comes into the studio. One day, one or two days, and I was up to the Bahamas. He doesn't show it to stratosphere. I mean, I want people like you should do a poll. Who's got a better hammer or kneel or mad dog or Howard? Mad dog. I don't like he went to Michigan. No, but seriously, mad dog is unlike maybe one or two days. We can move on. He's at the fire. He's at the fire. He's at the fire. Man, it's just a four minute hour. He just four minutes on there. The rest is commercials. Right. I mean, he's got a good. That guy barely wears. I think I got shot of good. I think that's what they next week. Who's got the best, the softest deal on the stage. I only have to work two hours. Those big ones every day. Well, the Miami Herald interviewed me yesterday. Back there. Yeah. I think it about a month. The question was, is, should I take most job? And will they buy mine out? And do I think most sucks? And I said, yes, to all of those questions. And I said that they need to come up with a real creative way to pay me a ton of money. About just about 20% less than the ilk is Neil is still God and I'm Satan. So I'm hoping to turn that into a... And they said, no, they said that as you come over and look at their mansions and naples. Yeah, but they did. And their banjo is too many. They're the long one of their banjos to pick on. Did you know they have a bunch of names? They have their poll question today. Which are the, uh, measly-sticky day. There are noces or their banjo. They did. You know they have a bunch of people working here illegally. I'm sure they do. Yeah, they do. They have a great day on that note. Yeah, see ya. I've done with your gone from a sport club. They look like buttlers in a gay hotel. It's been high. It's cops. Impensal being your Dutch country. I'm a Dutch, I'm a Dutch, I'm a Dutch. What you gonna do? What you gonna do when their carriage comes to you? Well, hello there, Jepaday. Hello, officer, here's a guy. See ya. What brings you up to my home, little boat? Well, we got us some reports of some fussing and a few in these airports. Ah, yes, there's a guy. I have my shame to admit that my wife, Sarah, exposed part of her ankle. Why, that no good hussy. Yeah, I've got me a good mind to put her in the starts and give her 40 lashes. Well, that would be a good idea, but then they wouldn't get anyone to milk the cow. Yep, women. There are the reason we're all going to hell. Ah, yep. Well, I gotta get back to plow on the fields. We'll keep in. I guess I'll be getting back to the barn raising, there's a guy. What's the damage top to Thomas cops? What you gonna do? What you gonna do when they shackle you? That's tonight. On cops. You can fill me your Dutch country. Motorist kills Amish tomato tassar. Oh, that's the reason I played that. Mount Hopo, Ohio. It's an annual prank. That's another good question for a poll. Who are the most stone-aged people in America? The Amish or the Orthodox Jews? Hmm. Should there be any of the groups? I think it's tough to top them in it. Right? For you, which is it's an annual prank in this tranquil Amish community. Mount Hopo, Ohio, where men wear straw hats and women bonnets and plain dresses, youngsters hide in corn fields and hurl tomatoes of passing cars. This year, the mischief turned deadly. A motorist who had been pelted several times on Labor Day got out of his car and fired three to five rounds. Into the 7th foot high corn killing 23 year old Stephen L. Cime. He's dead. No rest has been made yet. Residents are reeling from shock unable to understand why anybody would retaliate so violently. Authorities say the country hadn't the county rather hadn't seen a farm or lay the homicide about three decades. The prank is going on for years and years said Marty Yoder, who owns Marty Shoes in this town about 60 miles south of Cleveland, all over the country has been happening every year. Yoder is, and George didn't even, uh, wasn't aware of this. Yoder is one of the most common Amish names. Do you know that? No, I did that. Big Indiana name, Yoder. Kind of like Yahoo. The shooting occurred, Yoder. Yoder in, uh, just North of Mount Hope and Holmes County, where the clip club of horses pulling Amish Buggies is just as common as the sound of passing automobiles. Cime, 23 an epic regrescent of Amish Heritage died of multiple wounds to the chest. Holmes County corner Robert Anthony said. Or is that an amphony? Cime was with about 10 other members of the Amish community ages 15 to 23. The group told the sheriff's orifice they've been throwing tomatoes and firing paintball guns at passing vehicles. According to the sheriff's department, the driver of a Lincoln or Cadillac stopped I juke a new whatever wide been got out and threatened to shoot whoever through the tomatoes Monday night. The vehicle turned around and drove past the cornfield again. The car was drove at the meters a second time. About 25 minutes later, the vehicle passed it two more times. On a third pass, the driver stopped challenged the group to throw more tomatoes. Then fired a shotgun to the cornfield and bought a bin. I was that. I knew like that. Com was born into an Amish family but his family left the Amish church and became men and nights said yoders. Now what's the men and nights all about? Come after the break. Okay. Cause you're an expert on that crater. Well we're so far behind now because it's good that we spend a lot of time for a for a real rip into beast because the beast is out. He's handed. He's unprofessional. That's the loot is what I'm here. 10 13 already at 5 60 WC. We got that big Marlon and Pirate Game any interest tonight. All Sam knew we get on here early at 1 o'clock. If you're underpaid, if you're overworked under appreciated enough, if you're boss feature like crap like some kind of a lemon. If your paycheck isn't enough to buy a good dope, how do you like to have a new high-pank career before years end by the way, Georgia. Get your discount. Pick up the photo called fast train tool for you right there in a hood. 1 866 fast train. Fast train can have you trained in certified before years end. The demand for computer professionals continues to grow. So there's no better time than rat now to get you a new high-pank career. Fast train offers job placement as systems can be intervening with kids getels and with 6 locations in Florida including Furin South Florida, there's gonna be a convenient location nearby you. Fast train offers financial assistance for people who qualify 2 so, call fast train too day toll-free, easy call 1 866 fast train. That's 1 866 early to leaving week ends getels and with 6 locations in Florida including Furin South Florida. There's gonna be a convenient location nearby. Fast train offers financial assistance for people who qualify 2 so, call fast train Today, toll-free, easy call 186 fast train. That's 186 fast train. And then there have no excuses, no mobile. To stay in a dead and crappy job, working for peanuts. Check them out on the web at fastrain.com and change your life-ast train. Oh, my, cool, cool, this is my city. Where you the worst house! How are you, man? Howard David's a bitch. For goodness's, they aren't. Don't use that kind of language around me. A bird of balls. Yeah, I have a stop at, to stay friends. When they roll into down, they are a sight to sleep. Those five wild grass came and then a big SUV. Fencing and gigТыurch on my TV. Those new��ry, rai vol kits Stringuez are models, like five women to me. Here! Theyaeda men up inлисьro!!! Negro men, throw out your clothes! Lak åt our eyebrows but if we have from your nose! Hahaha! Good to face it to mmm! Because those queer eye for the strength guys are more like five women to me. Buh. Oh, they can carry away. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. There's no happy yet new game. Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, they can't like a lie. They will save your life. Or even your life. By the time that they leave you, you're thinking their way. It's no longer a bench bread, it's now a two-way. And you're fine yourself shopping for fresh poultry. Alright. Where I put the strength guys are more like five women to me. It's okay. Everyone wet's with that now and then. Oh, nice. You get a save but I don't know. If they're in town, please send caution and his friends to me. Can they take? Don't forget a hate screaming fog. They make me want to puked. They make me water your reticates from the face of the globe. Not just gently. The poor from yesterday. Which of these would be the most humiliating? 1133 votes. That's not too shabby considering how many people in town. Not third man. The voting a bunch of times. Most embarrassing humiliating would be to poop your pants in public. Not even close to 190 said that. Some of us have done it. How many times you've not endured? No, it's not. No, it's not. No, it's not. You've never pooped your pants. Oh my god, this is great. It's never too late to try something new. No, I can't wait for my first time. Oh, that'll be great. Especially if it's like right there in a building. Sure. I'm taking steps to make sure that that happens here. Yeah, if you made it like about a half way to the T-room and like right there in a hallway. Like right right by the door. Right? I'm eating prunes as we speak. Would be exciting. And maybe some of that good real, real fatty bacon. You know, do you agree with the grease that just dripping all over the place that would be? What do you think I'm wrapping around the prunes? I got a line for that, but we need the job. To poop your pants in public 390 to be discovered as a pedophile 240 to be a straight guy caught having sex with another guy 146. In other words, to be a straight guy with a queer brown eye, something like that, 146. To pick up what turns out to be a shemail 124. See, that would be embarrassing to me because I guess most she males have like much larger than some of us. Okay. Do you know what I'm saying? No. Oh, then some of you. Some of us. People, men. Yes. To fart during sex 71 to have a very premature ejaculation, Gorge 40. 60. In other words, before she even enters the room, it's probably not a good idea. To fart on an elevator 53 to pop a big woody in public 26. And be discovered as a cross-dressed sick. Now, what is that under? Boying. I don't know if you have it at third. I think I don't think I got no boying. Oh. Yeah. I feel like that. There's a smarty pants, huh? I'm right. I bet you we can do that for four hours and get bigger numbers than moe, you know what? Absolutely. Let's see. We discovered as a cross-dressed. There's still the last place with only 23 out of 1135 votes. Here's the new pool. Boy, I got a lot of stuff here today. We're going to go to one o'clock. It's just enough to make us want to say, hey, let's forget the ball game. It just stable too, but no. No. We can't do that. Oh, here's going to be a real quick call in Hilea. Hilea, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hi. How are you doing? Pretty good. Love the show. Listen to this. I'm in Hilea. I'm sorry. This is a real call in Hilea. Yeah, man. I've tried many times, but sometimes I just can't hold on. I'm working. I knew that I had a small hole in my pants, but I didn't realize how the sun is being stenced into the hole was in front of my pants. I don't know. I tend to not to wear underwear. No, no. No, no. Why not? I just don't like it. It's warm, et cetera. Like you hot and moist. Bottom line is when the nerve doing shoulder presses. And there's a woman sitting right in front of me and another machine. She says, what do you mean? It turns out when I finished my set, I looked down and the whole pop out of the hole. The whole element. The mouse can out of the house. That mouse can out of the house. What's she doing? You're going to get an evil-don't-bride mouse. She ran and told the front desk. What other back desk? Yeah. She's going to hug me this anyway. Well, there you go. So what other boy is? She'd like to punch my head when stuff like that happened. Anyway, he'll love you. Have a great one. Stay out of that gym. People start talking, man. He'll say, oh, no. No, no, no. You got me started on nothing. That's not all. Man. That's seriously. That's a very interesting thing. You know, thank you. Yeah. Fascinating. Okay, stop. So anyway, that's yesterday's poll. Here's today's, let me do this first. Because this just, I just printed this out. I don't want to forget about it. I've just got too much crap here. Well, his story was, uh, maybe in fictitious, but was kind of amusing. Oh, from Reuters, it says, God hormone could help treat obesity. This is exciting. For us respect the pieces of crap. By the way, what do you think about the beast getting canned off of, uh, that would be really embarrassing. For, uh, for him, he gets canned off of the mo Fisher. And, of course, we all sided with the beast because we all hate more like poisons. They're absolutely. We then come to find out that Scott's getting rated can his fat ass. Because he realizes just what I told him that he'd done along on the air, he's unprofessional. And when he does that, that that, that, that, that that, think in him. And it sounds like bad high school radio with all apologies to K p x. Okay, like really bad high school radio. Why is he on there? I'm gonna have trouble mistake because I'm a old softy and hard last Thanksgiving. Can you believe it's already like the fourth of September? By the way, that's Thursday, 9.11. And I was last Thanksgiving we had the beast feeling wasn't? Right? Now you gotta be honest to me, that doesn't seem like a very long time ago. No, it does not. Just flew right by. Wow. We better start screwing our brains out because I'm gonna tell you before you know we're all gonna be in a pine box. Somewhere we gotta start doing it. Everybody we can. I'll be right back. Right. Now me first. God hormone could help feed obesity. This is very important for all you fat people out there including me. This is why I got so excited about this. Even those skinny people like George and Scott Junior. We'll say, ah, and Scott senior. We'll say we don't want to hear about all you fat people all you weaklings are you cows. A hormone produced by the intestines called, oh my my, I got some ready. Called peptide. Why? Why? 336 also known as P. Why? Why? Could help obese people lose weight and the research exists. Surces called P. Why? That's P. Why? Why? This is the first time that a hormone has been shown across the long-spirmed reduction in calorie and taking obese volunteers lead author Dr. Rachel Baderham from Imperial College in London said in the statement. We now need to do studies over a longer. We know we don't have time for your studies. Okay. Just give us the crap. The C whether the decrease in appetite and food intake translates into weight loss. Well, see, does it take a whole big study in a rocket scientist to figure out that if you have a decrease in appetite and a decrease in food intake, you're probably going to lose some weight as all right. Right. I mean, are they wasting all this time? Just give us the stuff. P. Why? Why? Has been shown to curb the appetites of normal weight individuals, but it was unclear if the hormone would also work for a fat people obese disgusting fat people like me. Left in a hormone that works in similar way as P. Why? Why? Only seems to be useful to take a normal weight individuals not no obese people. The fine new findings which are reported they knew England Journal of Medicine are based on the study of 12 fat and 12 lean subjects who were treated with injections of P. Why? Why? Or in an active chemical. Even before giving the injections the office noted that the obese subjects had lower body levels of P. Why? Why? Compared with lean subjects. I don't think I'm going to handle this show to that. I can't stand it. And in addition, the lower the P. Why? Why? Level the moral beast of subject. When both, when both lean and obese subjects are off of a fey luncheon, beast, the a far fewer calories than if they had first been given P. Why? Why? Rather than an active chemical, moreover, P. Why? Why? People who was tied with dramatic drop in the 24-hour calorie and taken both groups. You ready for that? So let's get some P. Why? Why? Why? It's good to me. It makes me want to get some, you know. I'm sick and tired of all this crap, but well, now we're going to experiment for like 20 years. And maybe you'll be able to take injections and it'll be just probably with my luck when they're ready to put me in the pine box, you know. I want it now. I want it now. I want to make me slim and look just like a marquee mark. Don't they have a different like food and drug administration in Canada that does things faster than ours? Right. Oh yeah, but you don't want those tainted Canadian drugs. The pharmaceutical companies are saying now. They take another income from the same damn companies. Just another license to, oh, and by the way, thank you Mr. President for those low gas prices. Remember that Jack asked kid that call a few months ago? Did I? Bush liquor. Oh, thank you Mr. Bush for free. And you're lucky people. And thank you for those lower gas prices. Record highs. $75, pinned in my lead the all-time high. And now this asshole from this Arab asshole from the, what is he from? The DEA. Oh, whatever to tell you the EPA. He testified yesterday. What's his name? Spencer Abraham. Spencer Tracy. Spencer Abraham. He's an Arabian. Oh, from Michigan. Okay. And anyway, he says, well, it's because of the pipeline and a power black eye. And then at the end of the year, the oil companies all have record profits again. And then that raises the little bit of suspicion. So I want to ask yourself why these things happen. 27 past 10 at 560 WKMIS myself. Why I talked to Troy Strangered old number 23 from the fans. This is a good guy, but he's an, inept. But at any rate he finally got a son. No, he actually didn't. I don't know if this is going on now or not. He just even fuses to do his job. He's the Todd Drak of Sports. Anyway, Brandy's Tuesday celebrating their 25th year in business this year. Any independent family shoots to it. That's around that long. And as successful as they are, they got to be doing many, many things right to compete. Nobody can compete with Brandy's. First of all, selection. All the top names you love and know. Rockports, Echo is Mufisto, Timberland, Clarks, Floresh, MSES, all the big names in the shoe business. And no matter how big or tiny your feet may be, they can fit you perfectly. They got all the sizes men, 6 to 15, even Tom Wallack and Slip it on. And women's five to 12 are what's from the very narrow to the very big fat and wide. And don't forget their professional sales staff will take some time with you to make sure you get a perfect fit every time. With over 40,000 pair and that big fat 8,000 square foot mega store, you can beat damn sure even but Scott Junior's life on it. That exactly the size you're looking for is ready to slap on your foot right now. Brandy shoes can't beat them with a stick. They're at 12, 90 North Federal Highway in Paparot, B. Chopin, Daily 9, 2009. Every Sunday, 10, 5, and don't forget the end of the summer sales on it Brandy's right now. 30 to 50% off all famous brands, rockports, where Brandy's got more styles and house than any other store in town. S.A.S. They've biggest selection in South Florida, new balance all sizes from narrow to wide in stock and floor shine with over 4,000 floor shine pair in stock is that pair of pairs. That isn't a pair of the pairs of a near fruit session. Brandy shoes in Paparot Beach are great time to head in right now. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. Now that he's only ticking here on our governor's all we hear. It keeps holding in, and they'll be a big change. You're gonna feel the burden you'll feel the pain, yeah. Yeah The long teeth and two passing clues The ones upon you are black or blue Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah The tail is California and the hill you curse You are real, Mr. You know we're seeping in We'll get them straight in The much-blood we waited until me Got a phone call and we'll be star Meets chest with the heavy bars I hope you're ready for a couple of months Watch later out here I'm gonna participate in the debate in California last night Because he says he's not ready to talk directly to the people of California yet He's not ready to talk And when he does participate in that one last big wild debate that he says he's gonna have the questions up front I had a time so somebody can write out some answers Practice right for animal. That's right This is the thing you just asked me about Tom Cruise. I'm not buying it All right, no, it's from a message board No, it's massive. Whatever right About Tom Cruise admitted on the E.T. I don't you think that if this was the case it would be this is like another Catherine Harris job It looks like to me Right If this really would have taken place last night Then everybody be talking about this saying he had several affairs with other boys while he was in high school Bob sure that's currently true Regardless Well, a little wait for confirmation on that when it's on the Miss Fudge website then maybe Here's what it says could you please upload your 911 show And when your station first reported the events of that day The website you provided a tremendous service that nobody didn't And your honor perspective has become part of our lives Well, that's good I appreciate that but the first part is not true Our station was an embarrassment on 911 showdown and especially guilty You know Gildy sitting in there Why do we gonna say about it? What and there's still talking about sports The damn world trade center hours are getting a tack would go away with planes They Pentagon gets smashed into another plane and guilty And the other goofballs on the worst team were sitting Wow, what do you think? To think the offense can go 17 and all And you think you know And then I really like it when Gildy said I like it a lot Yeah, that was really important. I had a lot to do with anything 15 20 minutes went by before we started talking about it on the air No more than that. What are you talking about at 945 and a.m? 945 and then thanks to Joe Costello because my lensy was up Oh, what do we do you know? We're gonna say it's a fight. It's a fight Greg and all As usual, Duff being well, what he is a weak sister good guy, but a really weak sister a Olympus And he didn't have the balls to come in and say get that crap off of it air Let's go to the network right now and put something on and let the public know let's do a service So we wouldn't want to have anything to do with letting you know what the embarrassment Of what happened on this radio station on 9, 11 and 2001 Sports that's all you want to talk about sports They could be dropping nuclear weapons on a homestead right now on P-Rine and they'd still be hacking Wow, I think that all the kids are gonna crush those uh, Houston Texans Yeah, big deal another little girl school, you know, it's amazing to me, but You think it's just a coincidence that the hurricane started against the girl school and the same with the elephant Oh, I think they pay off the schedule makers so they can win by like 6,000 points So I'm glad you brought that up because it's a real saw and thanks to Joe Costello because he's the even I was nervous Because I know we're about to grave robbers these people are especially Greg Reed and Scuran So even I was a little bit recalcitrant and saying we really ought to dump the spots here Because in the beginning we're still running commercial breaks I was doing live spots and we're sitting there watching on the TV the horror of the name towers crumbling and people running for their lives People get these slaughtered massacred by a bunch of lunatics and we're saying hey if you'd like to take advantage of the sale of pennies You know whatever it was by the way, there's a sale of pennies I love that that that movie You know as good as it is and I know there a lot of people like it, but it just it just doesn't get the kudos that it deserves No, why is that I guess most comedy movies generally it's like the Academy Wars age very rarely get Oscars for comedies I don't know because it's a bunch of old funny that he's who are humorless who give the awards No pun intended, but they don't take comedy seriously. I see Well, I hate to tell you, but some of the great comics like Peter Sellers right and I'll mention I'll be reading the original version of the original version of the original version of the original version of the original version of the original version of the original version of the original version of the original version of the original version of the original version of the original version of the original version of the original version of the original version of the original version of the original version of the original version of the original version of the original version of the original version of the original version of the original version of the original version of the original version of the original version of the original version of the original version of the original version of the original version of the original version of the original version of the original version of the original version of the original version of the original version of the original version of the original version of the original version of the original version of the original version of the original version of the original version of the original version of the original version of the original version of the original version of the original version of the original version of the original version of the original version of the original version of the original version of the original version of the Yes, just before the announcement that Jelo and Ben Affleck are finally and not getting that high in it. They're tying it up anybody here. No, nobody gives a flying craft their movies suck her music is an embarrassment the only thing you say between the two of them they have one great ass Who's this? Sure is I'll eat his why I'm not saying in he'll tell you Matt Damon's got a one-out some television that I'd who has the best ass Jelo or a Ben In fact, I think he's gonna Tom the van over Ben Affleck is first on the list he got ready got my vote George Clooney What is that deal with him? He said the fact that he's like rosemary Clooney's son or grandson He comes his hair straight down. He's boring God Richard gear Even a durable move duck because he was so boring and don I miss a dead man in a chair who's in the lead? Is he oh, he already got that thing up there. I miss his got eight Ben Affleck four I didn't realize we already popped it up Eric you are well we're not looking popped it up See I get confused now and it's your fault because I thought that I heard that and I really great I realized it was like a pop-up ad 15 votes well, it's just getting going or being vote to your hearts content. I'm sure I had some other names on here. Hopefully Hopefully we got to find some more boring big names celebrities Here's a call from Jelle Vita's you only want to see an honor right now, but that's okay, huh? Yes, sir. I gotta tell you I'll never forget I was pretty cool. I have my headphones on September 11 So my wife I'm gonna fall on another line says you know the world's coming to an end man They bomb in New York and I'm listening to the sports and I'm like well why isn't QAM reporting on this Am I in some kind of a time? What a person because our management our bunch of assholes That's why because Steve Goldstein is a simple thing. That's all we know on QAM is sports So you learn something very important and I'm loving and that is this and if there's ever anything really important Go on a world that isn't sports related you'll never hear about on this radio station Other than between 10 and 2 and that's the truth Yeah, and the other thing is the beast I said the exact same thing the first time I heard your mama for rail I said God KX would be insulted Yeah, I'll keep the actual number put that tub on here now and now When I hear him digling that fake Yeah, he's like a little drill no wonder parents so is just sticking them all the time. He's like a little drill It doesn't sit in with for well right on That's a good point because for well as you know kicks ass and he's on there like tidying like a little girl, you know Get him off that shot okay, just put him over to corner and stick his stomach as mouth See you later and thanks a lot. Have a great day. Yeah, it's like a thumbalina Actually when I was a kid I used to get called thumbalina like because my that's the size of my penis 24 11 see you think I just made that up Oh, that would I I'm almost upset that they rekindled the memories of that because one of the when I write my memoirs That'll be one of the most embarrassing days. Yeah, and of course we got on this show if there's anything going on in the world Oh, I think generation ought to be located at the low center. See they're talking about a big load, but at least it's important And we just open up the pot and smoke it and put it right on the Erasian see there you go There's some like important hockey game or something like that going on This is for this open up the pot What is this bottom but the spot will end eventually or if it's like an important horse race going on somewhere in the world Great when will out of the outside From the first right here Dan was well he's pretty boring. He's a nice guy. Yes, please very boring Give her her Dan was self-polarist wood barn. No turbrets You might if they ever get the ten words in the gate. Chubbers ass in here. Okay. Let's get the goddamn gate open Okay, Christ almighty. It's post that Okay, he's born. Not as boring though is our marlins play by play guy That's one of the reasons it only comes to the game. I say for a lot of do the marlins games No, don't you think that would be great? Absolutely he could really stir up some damn interest in that stuff because they got a hell of a team They're living games over to tie for the wild car lead There's 74 and 53 I believe is the wrecked. I could be wrong 63 but You know nobody is showing up because there's nobody stimulating any interest, you know They're and you got that awful day van boring there He's got a hot wife and a bad herpes. That's all we can say for him up open away. Oh my god 1042 at 560 WQAM where we decided the beast must go is that right? Amen announcing a 2003 Neil Rogers end of the summer clear and sale going on right now at Hall of Pontiac GMC get you the lowest prices in town from our good buddies Tom lemon Joe Prado and all the sales holes at Hall of Pontiac for the special promotion every vehicle has been marked out of the absolute rock bottom price Absolute right plus get 0% financing for 60 months on every single 2003 Pontiac or GMC in stock By you a 2003 Pontiac son fire for only 11,998 or full-size here for just 15,998 But hurry and right now because inventory is at ease be limited and it How it even still test drive any vehicle in love for 24 hours take it home take it to the Marlins game this afternoon Take it to work take it to Yenemself and of course Hall of Solce got a great selection of certified pre-o cars trust S U Vs Don't worry about having a couple of blemishes here and they're either on your body or on your credit report because they don't expect perfection And how at least not from you anyway. Hall of Pontiac GMC there are 134.01 South-Tixie Highway that's U S 1 across in the falls open every single day seven days a week If you want more info on these spectacular kneel deals you know what to do now call the Neil Deal hotline toll free and ask away It's one triplet 534 42 11 that's one triplet 534 42 11 and no forget all these kneel deals Subbed to credit or poval see the folks at Hall of for all the details Hall of Pontiac GMC we love them. They love us because they are professional gray All right. This is for 20 right. You a yeah Rathaus Jout Listen Chances on Hello What is warm? I'll say you come here often. Pardon me? Have you been here before? No. First time. What's your name? Freeway Freeway. That's nice One figure please the nature Pick it. Here You here to get the queen Oh I don't know Work around here. I'm a waiter but actually I'm an actor. What's the top? You probably need to rely But you know everything is new is an all it's just hey you can start relaxing right now Freeway. I brought something Oh, she and freeway. Not just any she either Wow Goat Pretty Here's the most important part Freeway can be Pro-text label I'm those in door by the city council of San Francisco Absolutely. You know the projects I'm sure you're sure do Certified safe by the city by the bay Well, what do you say? Tarn Look at that. I trust this so began Oh, yeah You bet your life he will And with confidence Because freeway and spikot have Condom's set Don't let worry spoil those chance meetings and public showers always carry Pro-text We are OCT To buy my free SMB We are OCT He bent out with no apology I can't do anything Don't doubt Know what it's all about The projects she told they won't send you A re-protect condoms The vision of black black housing garden has control division Keep these situation safe since 1887 1047 at 560 WCQ I'm happy Thursday 2. We got the man dog No, we don't have no man dog We got the ball game a one Oh, thank god for tomorrow And their Marlins undecated one to game 135 right over there P.P Park, why I go to the game get out and do something They okay? You lazy bastards The Humper is got another brutal assignment He's a crystal talist in Bahamas I like that doing a show after the ball game until 7 o'clock tonight Although don't think he's working too hard because you got the old Pinocook show returns between 5 and 6 And of course everybody in the station is wondering one thing Why? Pinocook is back Oh, or later also Gary 7 to 10 Eddie K. 10 and Joe Marko overnight That's the okay, come down Why? I missed Jackie Oh, yeah, she was the best Anyway, so look at that the reason I played that bit is because that was Don I'm a spit from a city of New Year's ago and he used to be really funny and alive Before he croaked in nobody told him Because he seems to be running away with our pool so far I'll let's add some more names on here And why don't we have every line lit up on board with suggestions because this is one of those, you know? Should it should be easy? Show is the most boring big name celebrity We got Don I miss with 31 Ben Affleck with 12 who is just coma inducing Richard year 7 in George Clooney 6 Here's Pepper Pine, hello Hey, now I got a quick question for you. Yeah You had a poll last week about your favorite TV radio personality And I was wondering right Yeah, you mentioned Craig word in the TV see No, and I didn't mention anything about Craig wording being deceased now Okay, so I thought I heard his name mention okay, thanks a lot. Have a great day Have a great day have a great life. Okay, so these people are really on top of this poll day not aren't they? No Huh? It's okay, then by the way, here's the fact that it's is our like Harrison Ford's older movie but I hate to say he's a freaking snooze fest Okay, I'll put it on there, but I don't think you get no votes I got worried for God that you ought to know what are your favorites Yeah, Kevin constant. Oh He is he is like tapioca putting he's so boring Tapioca's being the guy the act he's not he's just he I think even when he isn't orgasm You're like that. Yeah, it's just like that. Yeah, it's like he has no emotion Right, no, no, that's too emotional In fact, if you I thought what you were going to play was going to be down no chance now with Kevin constant We're like Yeah, he's as boring as lightning at host Tom Snyder for crisis and anyway, we've put him under pull from Charles and for a lot of nail beats PPS it says way to do this no more beast. He's an absolute embarrassment for homo sapiens You're just almost in general. That's what Clarence said he says embarrassing for all his homos So Harrison Ford Kevin constant lets add those to it. Maybe we'll get some from the audience if they ever wake up I You know, I just don't get it because I talked to Norma King yesterday who called me for no reason all of them just to bug me You don't bother me anymore normal. Okay, go. I have a great life. Believe me long and he said you're right. There's nobody here He said it's like two three weeks later that they're all coming back this year if they ever come back Here's Miami. Hello Miami Hello, hey, sir. Oh my thunder. Yeah, I was gonna say Kevin cozner he is the most boring actor there is You can't complain about his personality because you don't have one he has none and it's so funny because of my favorite movies and dances for balls But that's okay. Thank you. We're cranky. Okay. Thanks a lot, power. Jordan's and thanks. Okay. George B. J. Punch your right 567. 0560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Marleslain who is the most boring big name celebrity Here's Palm Beach. Hello Palm Beach. Yeah, he knew yes sir. The boring celebrity has to be Howard Stern. He is absolutely pondering it's almost as bad as listening to mo and the morning Okay, okay. I don't think he's gonna get any votes. 567 but we'll put it on there right away anything you want we'll put it on there just a humor you Which I could tell you by vote 567 0560 pound 560 on the AT and Verizon whatever it is How much is goes through all of my stories here because there's something going on yesterday day Tuesday was just an aberration right we had a phenomenal show Tuesday But you're right. I didn't take a lot of calls. We're just rambling and going nuts But there's just nobody there So I can scream and how or that nobody's going to the Marling games or anything else, but how can anybody go with what is only a few people there But there's only a few people there nothing going on everybody has bailed out of that place. I'll tell you who is here. Yeah, the mutants the people that can't drive their finger up their ass I don't want to hear about the driving again. No, no, it's just everything. I can't hear it's never going to change it's impossible. Just stay off the road Just walk get a bicycle. Oh, walk are you kidding me and be a target? Good point. Here's Miami. Hello. Oh, oh, the world a raspberry guys actually on the air now. Let's do sighting Miami. Hello Why some metropolitan oh Jesus Christ here is Boka. Hello What the hell going on? I don't know. I think this is a pretty interesting pole, but nobody's that any suggestions We got no calls except every chronic in the world on here. I don't ask me I love this movie, but as an interview he's a boy and he's so boring Robert and you're okay Love him the movies, but give us the interview. No, not really. I guess I'll look out Okay, thanks. There is something really strange in that telling man. Is there something like a I don't know He's a civil defense alert or something and what's going on there? That's what they're driving like it. It's to They're all hanging out under the desk waiting for the other shooter drop Five six seven this might I last time because we can just leave the pole up like eight or nine names. I don't really care I just thought it would be something you know again spoon for you. They're gonna give them another list to build, but they they just are hopeless yesterday and today See this this was a mistake again speaking normal can't this was not good. This was gave him too much back in his last deal I say from the 20th of June tell about the 15th of September That's 20 and but no Tuesdays and Thursdays either No for this crap trying to force me to a show to a dead audience speaking of I'm as here's Miami. Hello Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How about Jeff Goldloot? Very boring. There's there's the kind of guy I'm looking for. That's perfect And Neil also when when you're awake and you have a can't you have this guy in the six hour show instead of having George on there That's a good idea. Okay, we'll work on it. Thanks. Let's have for now to do a six hour show instead of George. What are you saying? No, no See, one of the just have to take a gratuitous shot at poor little George who had a fabulous summer while was kind of weak. That was all right Here's the most boring big name celebrity Don I'm a 38 Ben Affleck 14 Richard year 13 and George Clooney 10 out of 75 votes and the other names are not there yet for reasons unknown Probably Eric is having your a bunch a couple of branches right now, right? Here's Miami. Hello Miami. Yes, sir. Yeah, what about the Sean Cottage Sean Cottage is kind of boring. Yeah, he's so very boring Thank you Let's build up a whole bunch of names on here And then we'll get to the good part for you people are brutal. You really are Just when you think that see and I knew that when the show ended Tuesday I was sitting here in like a in a puddle of euphoria for a couple of moments And I thought God that was a great show Who did was fine, you know, it was fabulous. Well, see that no more and then yeah, that's what I thought I said yeah But every time that happened, they look like about two weeks of hell and they're proven it to me. There's something wrong with you people man. There is something wrong with that town Would the people in it with the goddamn alligators even a gators ago to crappy at it even a rat in my attic got a snobby attitude You know God Why are there so many miserable nasty unhappy run in of course you notice of court never leaving us or the same you know the handful of lunatics They're always there and God are you people born you ought to be on the list if we had your names that like to put you on the list We have some of their names. I got a different list. I'd like to put them on here's a lady in Miami. Hello Good morning, you know, yes, ma'am Hello Yes, how are you? I'm okay. Can you hear me? We seem to be having a kid. What do we have here is a favor to communicate? I know. Can you hear me okay? Yes, I can hear you. Right here you just find so that's the basis for a wonderful conversation First of all, I want to say, you know, I just got back from Vancouver and talk about nice people Right I don't have this thing about connecting and so it's everywhere you went people were friendly they helped out It was quite clean it was excellent. So How can I can today? I tell you, we enjoyed it very much Good. I want to do an ad a name. How about the estaphon? Who are you estaphon? Glorious estaphon is his boring as a puddle of pee Exactly A puddle of warm pee. Okay. That's a good choice Okay. Thank you. You'll have a second. Thank you very much. Have a great day. Bye bye. By the way, speaking of the estaphon, I almost forgot one of my very important stories that I've piled up here. This is like the old days. I'm a start reading story. Good. No, serious. This is crap. I wanted to look at all the bullcraft. The verbal gymnastics I've had to go through Just to start stimulating some calls here today And I were asking if there was like a goddamn name. Is that too difficult? Christal Mighty. Put on your thinking cap. Christal Mighty, we added him to the list. Christal Mighty, whatever it is. TV show, Lymph and any language, right? Glenn Garbett and the Harold. And I don't even know what he's talking about. I'm not sure he doesn't either. But anyway, basically, he's seen at the Latin Grammy show's suck. He said, most of the show was done in English. That's good news. It's bad news. Yadi, Adiati and all the other crap. And then he goes on about the protesters. Do anything about the protesters. I read that someplace else. I don't think I even read that in the sort of, this column should be on our list about boring Glenn Garbett and New Idiot. God is this boring. He didn't even write anything about the opening ceremonies, which, of course, I was waiting with Bayed and Breath, but we don't get it up here at the Latin Grammys. It's an ain't it? That can't be a common man. It's an ain't that ain't that ain't that good? He went over the bench and I won't be there. I'm going to be there. I'm going to be there. I'm going to be there. I'm going to be there. I'm going to be there. I'm going to be there. I'm going to be there. I don't come out sweeter than Cena, man. The America, the world's most famous rank. What? That was Dame Edna? Nah, she put her in her place. But that was divine. Well, she may have been divine, but boy, what a banana on her post. 1058 at 560 WDQMVIP Sportsport.com It's soft load as best sportsbook. This time of year, I'm because football is in heavy duty. All the sportsports start cleaning, they're the biggest through the best and make all kinds of wild offers. But the deal is that 99% of these bookies are located in the jungles of Costa Rica, who to hell knows if anybody will ever see them come out again. This year, move up in plans. Do yourself a favor. Make the switch to VIP Sportsport.com through the oldest, the largest sportsbook in the Netherlands. They're 100% legal in license to listen to me. Call VIP Sportsport.com right now and plunge your hearts. Content with confidence at 1 866 VIP Best because VIP Sportsport.com is soft load as best sportsbook. Sign up now. You can bet on all the soft load of football and basketball teams. Just free all year long. You want to bet the dolphins? If you're a fool, it's 100 to 100. Except maybe this week. You want to bet the hurricanes, it's 100 to 100. So forget about the big. All sounds get a 20% cash bonus, not some funny money match play bonus. VIP Sportsport.com. That's where you find them online or call them toll free at 1 866 VIP Betts. That phone again is 1 866 VIP Betts. Be sure to mention you heard about on the Crest Dual Neo R. Just show on QAM. VIP Sportsport.com where you are the VIP. Why in local? In your sports video 566 UAM. I don't have a penis. I want you to take your head out of your own ass. I want you to hold me around the storm. I can't make a goal and take it for a while. I think you'll never work in that alone. I've realized that long ago. May everybody out there. May everyone be aware. Yeah. I'll take my go and knock. But anybody can't. Oh. Let's just gotta know. And push it really well. And be really good. I don't need to. We'll put the food in. We'll put the food in. We'll put the food in. We'll put the food in. We'll put the food in. What do you mean we know about this president? He's an asshole. He's an asshole. And a dangerous one. There's nothing that there are few things worse than a dangerous asshole. That's what parents told me. 11.3.5.60. Every QAM. Who's the most boring big name. So now we've got some calls on here. Let's see you. Here's a lady in plantation. Hello. Hi. I was wondering. We're trying to raise money for the Bayonneville Life in Sp wait. And I've heard you mentioned I believe before we have some gist of typical table. We will wonder if people would help us. We'll have a little auction. No. No. 5.6.7.0.5.50. Now you know something I'm starting to get porktoff. You know. Yeah. These people that are on a genders. I was very kind to you. I tried to help you people out. I gave the web address on the year. The whole deal. I was just saying that one. Once. That's it. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. He's stuck in the can. Is that what it is? Let him. Maybe he's got his foot stuck in his ass. As old record players. Yeah. He's actually had 60 RPMs, which I never saw. 60 RPMs record. I want you to take your head out of your own ass. Yeah, that's right, Eric. Even Moneau's what's going on there. They're up there now. Yeah. Okay. The most boring McDonald's celebrity. I'm his 58. But I've like 25. Richard year 19. George, 2013. And a whole bunch of other people just went up there. Here's a call from Lake Worth, hello. Me all the time. A little small time. There's no people. There's not much here. But just got to deal with it. Yeah. And tell me about it. The celebrity Charles Groden, the excellent. Ah, good choice. Man, I hate him like poison. Have a fantastic day in that guy. Exciting. Who did they sign? Uh, I don't know. Oh, Christian Jose. I didn't really knew that. That was, that was no big. I mean, he's a good player. But what's the big deal? The Panthers, the chances of making the playoffs this year on a scale of zero or minus infinity, none and much less than none. At least somebody talked about it one time. So that's it. There you go. Good one. Thanks, Bally. Get a Panthers again. Oh, give us all that money. You know, the prices are just outrageous for those tickets. I just sent them about six grand. By the way, Clarence, where's my hockey ticket refund? Where's my money to reimburse you, Jack. And where's your on the catch money, too, while we're at it? I don't know. Calls me yesterday morning. Oh, a Greg Reed, well, pay me. What the hell am I supposed to do about Norma? You see, you know, they don't like the fact that my blood pressure is great. I'm stressed free. I'm having a see. This is the people in South Florida, so many of them are so miserable. And so full of hate that if they feel that you're like having a you're enjoying life, they can't handle that. They drives them crazy, right? When you just heard the first hour today, this is a good example of what it's all about. Misery loves company. That's the motto in the state of Florida. Misery loves company. How can we do to disturb your life and make you as miserable as we are? You're not boring. Elvis is daughter. She's so boring and unenviting that I can't remember the bitch's name. Lisa Marie Presley, that sounds good to me. That's a good choice. Lisa Marie, she is boring. And she's a Scientologist too, which, you know, AKA Michael Jackson's X-Wife. Hahahaha. Cano Reeves, that's an excellent choice. George sent this, not our own George, but a real George. An cracker George. Cano Reeves, don't you think that's a good choice? Excellent. He has no personality, clots, so ever. Oh, I don't know. So we're going to go and make sure that Eric gets these because he's in a lot of stress if they're okay. He's got a real smelly BMW. He's got it down. 5605050, pound 560 on the AT&T, and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's the call on you, Alicator Rally. Hello. Anya, are you doing? Pretty good, sir. Well, he's become no more, but, you know, I know you're a Chee-Chigwin. Run you, Donald. I mean, he was like the most boring person in the world. Poor guy? Yeah, poor and poor boy. I think Rally, Jenner, is even more boring than she is. I find her coma inducing. That's true, even her comedy is cool and do you think? Okay, pal, thanks. Okay, Rosie, or Donald, Ellen, D. Jenner is too of a Mercasmos famous bull dikes. Oh, are they boring? See, we're supposed to be all excited, those of us, Fang, it's, oh, well, we got queer eye for this great guy and straight eye for the queer guy and the brown eye and Rosie, and this is crap. It's Hollywood's typical way of stereotyping people and putting on the ugliest and the nastiest and the most grotesque. And that's it, that's what these fags are all about. And you're saying, do you think you're some, oh, man, he's right, we all hate faggots. Let's go to, what does that say? Bow Harbor, hello. Anya, are they going? Pretty good, sir. Well, I had a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, you know, took my material, but how about Christopher Reefe, he just hits this. Not bad. Not bad. Not bad. I'm about to, not going to have, thank you. No, we're not putting them on it. Now watch Erica, hadn't put them on there. We're not putting Christopher Reeve on there. That was mean. That's what we like to do. Because we don't give a crap. We're just, we're just nasty and hostile because it fits in with soft Florida. Hey, and you're why are you so negative because the show isn't soft Florida, it puts in like a rubber glove up your ass. That's why. I mean, if I was like doing the show here, I'd be positive. Hey, you know, look, that's a beautiful day to son of shining. It's like 72 degrees today. It's great. You know what I'm saying? No, what? Pleasant people 80's in great places. I can choose for a nice early lunch today. I want to clock. Pleasant. What I should wish we had a more see. I think part of the problem is that we made a mistake by announcing there's a Marlin game at one. Has it ever failed that when we tell them there's a Marlin game, even if it's hours away that they just run, they're a streaking and screaming like, oh my god. Not a good. It's not a good audience builder for us on a show. Okay, the Duff Master. What am I going to do Greg building their falling Greg in a hallway crying like a child? And it was guilty. Well, what are we going to say about it? What can we say? Any more bunch of more lines? What are we going to say about what's going on? You know, let's talk sports. Let's talk about guys with Josh. Come on, sports. Yeah. Now you don't just call online nine is not from Orlando. Hello. Hey, how's it going, guys? Are you in Orlando? Yes, I am. I know it. My, uh, boring actors of Timothy Dalton and Edward James almost. This guy's sock man almost. What's up? What was the first one? What was the first one? Timothy Dalton. I don't even know who the hell I did. He was the bond before his brother. Okay. And every James almost man. I grew up watching my advice man. I got his gift cardboard man. Hey, Edward J. Almost. I know who that is. He's boring. Okay. Thanks a lot, Pat. Two good choices. Even though I don't know who the first one is. Okay. Let me just do it. Let me just, let me just burst some of this stuff because this is, I don't know. I just, this, this, this show, this town, this station, this market they never ceased to unmas me. Just astonishing. How many times have I told you that every day when anybody, you know it because you do the show all the time when you sit your ass down like the first day you've ever been on the air. Right? Who are you? What are you bringing to the table today? I got the electro. How is a lasagna sounds good? Maybe a little bit because making crumbles. Hey, can lasagna. Anal is say Schwarzenegger A Wall strategy may fail. Arnold Schwarzenegger was once so hungry to compete that he abandoned his army post to attend a bodybuilding tournament. He won the contest, but later spent a week in military prison. But when it comes to political debates, the actors showing no similar competitive desire and can speak to those these skipped the last night and the first of that series of debates with Governor Gray Davis and the top candidates who want to replace him in the state's unprecedented recall election. Some say Navas politician Schwarzenegger's a loose strategy could backfire as it might signal for the very naive stupid ass public that behind his celebrity status as a man with a limited knowledge of our government works. No Schmidt man. No kidding. Aren't you amazed by that? Shot. This is a bulletin by the way, too, but we don't have to be still. Put the truth like that. He's right here somewhere. I'll go get him. No thanks. I can't believe what I did. I don't think I think I lost my copy. I wouldn't have to be bent on there. Just relax. I have a good organization here. I'm very organized. The Schwarzenegger campaign appears to be based on the assumption that they should not allow Mr Schwarzenegger to talk in anything other than very controlled environments. Said Tim Hudson, director of the Center for California Studies at California State University Sacramento. This idea of her medically sealed celebrity in my judgment is not working. Said if he simply stays behind a bubble of celebrity status, he's going to lose and you are. I'm so willing to wreck her. I mean, if he doesn't say behind a bubble of celebrity status, he's still going to lose. I'm so willing to wreck her. Thank goodness. Three children die when carables and lake in the Clinton Illinois. Do you want to know about that? Uh, it's a bit old. Now it is. 1113 at 560 WMF you're working in a really crappy job. Like some of us if you're underpaid overworked under appreciated. Oh, that's bad. How'd you like to have a career where you make a real big fan paycheck? And you get treated like a mention. You've got some real skills where you can make your own deal. So call fast train and change your life today at 1 866 fast train because these are the people who can have be trained and certified in a great new computer career before years end. The demand for computer professionals like I always tell you continues to grow. There's no better time than right now to get you a new high paying career. Fast train offers job placement assistance convenient dating weekend schedules and with four locations in South Florida. There's body one close by you fast train offers financial assistance for people to quantify too. So what do you got to lose be set a really crap job in a meager paycheck? Call fast train like I said really change your life for the better. 1 866 fast train. Yeah, no excuses. No mole to stay to dead and job. Check them out of the web at fast train.com and call them toll free. Be sure to mention Todd Dretchney and look at a good chuck a lot of it. Call 1 866 fast train. 9 And look at this is for 3.0. I said you can't wait. 3.0 Bigular maple syrup without our brand. Let's see if you notice this. Huh. No waffles just kind of stand to there. Almost like like fish or something but. She's a like completely need for some reasons. No, you'd be fine in a room that tastes to be a vagina in the morning. Well, 17 at 560 WQM happy Thursday with your like or not. Okay, it's some very sour you people on there. It's just one of those things. How dirty about that. Too bad. Too bad. Who is the most boring big name celebrity. Don I'm a 66. He's off to the races man. He has moved this fast in about many years. Not third man. Ben Affleck 30. How many votes Ben Affleck on? About third man. Richard here 19. You know what's so I'm going to do? What? I think the best part of the show so far because these calls have been mostly horrible. Oh. Yeah. I think that was fun. And then of course even better than that. Why? Why? Why? Yeah. That new thing to help you lose the weight that team. Why? That was sensational. And then I started taking calls. That was a bad move by my part. We apologize. No, seriously. What is the story here today? Today? Yeah, we got the usual nutcases and they get in. But when that's all you got. When that's all you got man. You ain't got no mole. Here's Miami. Merck of Bashing Fake. There he is. There's another one. And that's the same guy. But what would a 16 voices asshole? And any voice you still an asshole? Here's a hope sound. Hello. Yeah. You got one. Another slight pilot. It's John Travolta and one you might not like. No, no. That's it. You see, now they're starting with the list again. I don't think I'm ever going to do this again. I don't because usually it helps so they enjoy it and it helps kill a show. I mean kills some time. It always degenerates. No, but they were. I got a few for it. Who is the most boring big name celebrity? Not a long long list of boring people. But who is the most boring big name celebrity? Not even it just turns into how many names can you name it? That you're right. Right. I put you out for a vote because he is boring. I was a good choice. That's not. Don't. Yeah. In other words, quit while you're ahead. That was fine. One. Not two. That's 75. Not a thousand. Not 30. One. Uno. Adine. Dva. Three. You know, the word three is like very similar almost every language. You know that? No, I didn't. Why is that? Quits. But one and two, I mean are very different. But like, really, they're always going to have similarities. Oh. But look at that. I've got a minute issues. Hurricane watches. The storm moves close. That's throwing going anywhere near Florida. By the way, you know what's going to hit? I think the Caroline is if it actually makes it that far. But if it doesn't get spun off to the east, the northeast. Don't that look like right where it's headed right toward your place up there. North Carolina. Oh, we're in the mountains. They don't even count. Oh, yeah. It's going to go like right up the mountain. Time up the mountain. Right. Remember that little mountain climber on the prices right? You ever seen it? Game of play? Sure. A little mountain climber. That's one of my favorite games. Nobody falls off the end. That's bad. The 5.6705. Oh, 5.6. And in fact, Bob Barker always kind of like jumps back a little when he falls off the end of going like that. The mountain climber. 5.6705. Thank you, by the way, that made my day for you. Because I never even realized I had that in there. I thought I was, you know, one of those things that was going to happen. For years, yeah. Sorry. Here's a pop in a, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Oh, no. Oh, week, very week version. Here's, uh, North Miami Beach, hello. North Miami Beach. That's it. The quiet guy. Oh, he just not. Oh, there. Here's Boca, hello. I knew. Yes, sir. One name for you. J. Leno. Oh, that's an excellent choice. And of course, a lot of people, you know, I don't know. How could you say that because he is boring. You only interesting thing about him is that chin and I'm tired of that. I'm done. Nobody's mentioned before. He plays the mean chin ball. Those were what I hear. Thanks a lot, pal. Thank you. See, there he go. There's a call. There's like somebody had something to say. He did a nice sweetie didn't just give the name out. He actually made about like 10 or 20 words to like elaborate a little bit. And that's it. That's how you do it. Calling a talk show 101. And supposed to like try to do a lay meditation of great callers like, There's only one guy can do that right. Okay. Try and rest of you a bunch of wannabes. Okay. But you want to be tired from the talk show calling a career. Because it sucks your career and go nowhere. And all these little lemmings down there. Oh, we're going to like, you know, you know, you know, it might be of the first time that the call, or that guy called and did that. There was an asshole. What are these assholes chronic waiting on hold? Mm-hmm. And you remember this? Of course. And the guys said, We're tired. And I was cute. And I punched up their slime. Oh, that was a good idea. I was already on a horse. Hey. The guys already on a horse who called to for some other Nogerwhatever, but because he's somebody else said something. It's the old monkey scene monkey do. There are 50 people in America who got an original thought in their mind. Okay. It's just being a lemming. Just repeating like a goddamn cockatoo. Like a minabird, like a freaking pericate, like a guy then poly the parrot. Jesus Christ, I might get with it. Unload your brain with all that religion bull crack with a squad and the Jesus Christ. There's no like a start using your brain and think a little bit. Okay. Good, golly Miss Molly, man. What about am I going to upset about here? I know we got a nice three-hour show. We got a piece of cake. Cake? I thought I was stopping thinking about that. You're right. Godfather three was so stupid. I mean, I like the Vatican bashing there was good. But the whole, here he's constantly through the whole trilogy. He's going through these diabetic colmas all the time. And he's standing there, cake here. They just swapped it together. They really do. They just slapped it. Shoulda slapped that egg yolk on the side of it. Just before he ate the last can only. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello? Yes, man. Yeah, I'd like to say that Ben Stiller is most boring at it. And outstanding choice. Thank you. Have a great day. Ben Stiller. Now he's jury is still an endless son, right? Correct. And he's still boring. Actually quite, I don't have a good book. I'm on there. But they're boring too to be honest with it. And Mira. Well, like the dad. He's okay. He's okay. Jerry's okay. But Anne Mira's boring. And maybe this is where Ben got it from. In addition to which he's like borderline. From a distance he looks almost human. But then when you see him close, you realize he's almost as ugly as dad. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. Damn. We can't all be beautiful. You know, like the beast. In fact, don't you remember that thing. You're going to be in the zone incredibly site. I know. I beat you too. No, but no. You don't understand. You walked in the door two seconds before you said his name just now. Yeah. And he's going to do that news. And then you just said the beast. Talk about like that. I don't need you to do it. I can do it. I can sound just as juvenile as you can, beast though. Oh, my. You know, no. I don't think anybody can do it like him. Okay. Let's hear it. You're fired. Oh, that's. That's. You're building a hell of a resume. I'll tell you that, man. I hell of a resume. I don't think it's a can. I don't know how to do the show. I was going to get kind off a real show. Because behind your back, he's ripping you off. Make your nails. That's all I do. Are you listening to me? You're listening to me. I'm trying to help you out. Okay. There's a there's a, there's a, Well, you shut up. Listen to me. Behind your back for relatives like really slice in your man and he's telling certain people I don't want to mention George that he really is no stick anymore that he's had it with you. And he wants to blow your fat ass off at that show because you're killing him. So I'm just passing along. Well, well, there you go. So what do you want to do? I think he stopped making stop doing that. Whatever you just did see I don't mind you doing it because he's the one to tell me to do it. He did. Yes. Well, let me ask you something. Why? I don't know. It's his show. I just got just coming over the morning. This is just sticks. See, if we do that, we're not just kind around. You know, like when we can't be in your boy. We have pretty good reason for that. But he, you don't see him no more, do you? You know, mole. So there's day that's what I'm saying. When we can't Scott, you knew you're off the show pretty soon because he has nothing to say. And you don't like to show anyway. I mean, you know, there'll be a good reason for it. I think I just gave you two. But in your case, see, there's a little party you are like. I've never seen it. And I don't want to be talking to him. So little. I'm not saying that seriously. I mean, you're one of those people that you, when you see you, I mean, behind your back, you'd me hate you easy. But to see you, I don't know whether it's pity or whether it's just amusement because you're a funny looking guy. You're a funny guy. I don't know. Everybody just wants to pat you on a hand and say, Oh, what a jackass. But isn't he global boy? That kind of thing. Right? You know, George, I'm talking about. Very, very. So you don't want to see any ill-before you. But the fact of the matter is, you're on the verge of getting your ass can. Now, you can't make a career out of butt playing a, of a career. And that's not a job. You know, well, I think that's how you do that. I think that's how you do that job. Yeah. Right. I'm sure you've got to find something more useful to do around it. This is tough. Duffles show you a busy work man. He's the expert at it. Make busy work. Make it up schedules and walking around and checking the big guys. You see what I got to headache today, telling about his operation and his all the other stuff. He's the expert on make busy work. So I'd start having some sessions with Duff because he's on your like crazy for years and years. And the interesting part is, is that great. Don't even always there anymore. You know what? So I'm just trying to help you out because I think it would be a shame. And then not only that, but then he's going to say, and back you for things that he's telling you, is this serious? Is there like a rift developing or is there just a game about what? Is there a really rift development? I can't tell with him. I don't know. It's serious. See, George says it's serious. He told me that before to show this on the way. Do you hear, uh, Mo, like killing you this morning? No. He blamed you for the whole internet worm virus computer thing that's killed their emails. Yeah. I got the internet worm. But why do I care about that? Most of the how have now ever show talking about how George infected the computer system at the estate. I'll go and go with everything. No, no. Absolutely. No, no, no, no. Okay, but he's good luck to you. You'll need it. 1127 and by the way, thanks for that great. I do a better. 1127 at 560 WQM, you're embarrassing station for the new millennium. And guys, if you spent 2000 and 2 avoiding mirrors, if you're sick of coming those few remaining strands over that enormous ball spot on your head, if you're tired of constantly looking for that baseball cap to cover for your lack of hair, now's the time to do the smart thing, like Fredo, call my good buddy Charles Alfieri. Charles Alfieri is the best in the business using the latest technology. Charlie produces sensational results for guys who need a lot or maybe just a little bit more hair, but the most amazing natural hairline system available in the universe. It's the best. He's been doing it for over 25 years now working with a famous in not so famous many in there and slippers too, because no matter how much money you got, this is the best looking piece in the world. It looks like real hair like it's growing out of your scalp as to both of that awful muskrat that weasel at that on most head. And everybody gets Charlie's 30 day guarantee. If you don't love the way it looks and feels, Charlie give you a full refund no questions asked. So call today and get yourself a really great look. Take advantage of your $200 meal rages discount when you call and keep in mind it's Charlie also services and repairs. All types of hair systems usually while you wait for only 25 to 30 bucks and can almost always make them look a lot better too. Call toll free. 1-800-321-2413 and change your life forever. 1-800-321-2413 or long run out of that prestigious website, Charles Alphiari.com And look all this is sports video 5-6-2-1-2-A-A The first time I've ever seen a movie, I've never seen a movie, I've never seen a movie, I've never seen a movie, I've never seen a movie, I've never seen a movie, I've never seen a movie, I've never seen a movie, I've never seen a movie, I've never seen a movie, I've never seen a movie, I've never seen a movie, I've never seen a movie, I've ever seen a movie, You don't have navigation cables to pedal, Now sitting down in peace & thermal power up and out of passion mountains. It's really fun. Only more self-prodition Hail for Peace & destruction song sieve fonsierhan Drink water. You all get damn it. I'm gonna be with you Cause girls with a bagged you Can't ignore our freeway I'm gonna relax the status of like a hot chick with a big rack and a big package 1132 at 560 WQM So here's the deal Who's the most boring? I think we'll do a little preliminary pull tomorrow In the first hour? Who should be the first person fired a QAM right now? We'll put the beast on and I will put some other names George But, uh, and Scott, tune you Anyway, we got 210 Now you won't 113 votes I'm a 76 the most boring big name celebrity Ben Affleck 35 Which that was my vote No, no, no question asked Richard Gier 21 George Ploney 15 Kevin Costner 13 Jeff Goldblum 11 Well he did not only see boring but he just just to look at him makes me make my stomach twitch Just nasty look at Remember he was in the remake of the fly Yep And I wish somebody would have just come along with a guy named Fly Swater Howard Stern 9 Harrison 48 Gloria Stephon 7 Charles Groden 7 is not only boring but just a real prick Yep Ellen D. Jenner was 4 Canterrieves 2 Rosie O'Donnell 2 At least I'm repressed The guy who was 2 Timber the golden one None yet for Sean Cottley Edward James almost John Trouvelty almost voted for him Jay Leno and Ben Stiller don't have no votes yet Well I just thought somebody really incredibly boring And it just slipped away you know David Just slipped away it faded away Just when I was about to like articulate it like Faded away Into the ether because they sound trying to find that damn Look at 27 till noon at 560 W to kill him Get yourself into cargo and support the damn marlins I don't even care about the marlins I'm embarrassed for you people They're playing phenomenal even without my clue They're tied for damn wild car leader Lemgames over 500 they got the pirates again today at the pp park They had a shot out last night 3 nothing Who that was the picture Scott who the help of checking Where did he go the fuck He means on a phone Someone was who? What's it called? Josh Beckett Josh Beckett thank you Scott See he did okay don't start making excuses The same thing you did for being a boy Scott you and you're gonna start doing heavy duty drugs You're gonna hasten a fall on the floor and pass up his eyes are gonna bulge out of his head He's gonna be spewing all kinds of blood out of his spectrum Stop making excuses for being put get him on the stick okay I think George is the enabler 560 560 Josh Beckett pitched the ice shot out last night 3 nothing And you people just refuse to show up Scott for else gonna be out there today Doing his thing Pirates in the Marlons you got plenty of time to get out there Shoot us plenty of room believe me play to get some available Pre-game show up one and a Pirates in Marlon games starts 135 Get with us Yeah, I'm trying to do something positive and all I get is not glad you're so negative I don't even care about baseball anymore it's boring In fact, if we could sports on here and put that on here For it's I mean for the baseball part not all sports Not one to pay for it's her plan for it. You're gonna kick the dolphins and twice this year or what Ergain big times gonna be embarrassing Fort Lauderdale hello Daniel Yes sir I'm gonna throw up the road you're promoting the Marlons I've had a shock there I had a tiny your diary I have the way your pole and it's the most boring person in the world Okay That's the pole And see It's like you're even when he's caught He's not moving Do I sound like I'm starting to hyperventilate Who is the most boring big name celebrity not person in the world not goofball not guy in a dress The most boring big name celebrity not guy in a dress which eliminates illicruze What I don't know why you laugh when I said you know was the damn drag like a laughing because well, that's the deal man Is that a good? Is that a good idea? What all in the Greek to talk? 560560560 on the AT&T I'm telling you man the search for human life in South Florida needs to begin soon Remember I was talking to you today about the bus with all the transplants right? We need fleets and fleets of not only animals but buses Yeah Tons and tons thousands of buses to transport the losers The dead and the near dead out of that place And it gets a living and breathing people in there under the age of 100 Man what difference that would make Here's plantation hello Plantation Oh hey, yes, I got the motor boring actor for you. Okay Steven to go. Oh, okay, he's boring. Excellent. Excellent. Thank you Go on do thing Okay, what are you saying in here? Hold it and do thing room. Okay What was very good there's the kind of call. That's what we're looking for They're nice, but of course he's in plantations. He's got to be a good guy. Thank you, Betty very much. Oh, there's colon power. He's boring. I think the resolution is drafted in a way. Yeah, okay. Air beading out or schlepping him out. Oh, you talk about coming with your tail between your legs. Oh, brother. Man, oh, no, we don't want no part of you people. We're going to go in there, Austin, the birds. We're going to whatever it is. We want you people to lighten the screw you. Now that we realize that we're drowning over there, we're in way to help our heads. It's cost in billions and trillions and ziggins in the untold number of human lives. Now, wow, they come to be the winner. Tell me to win their legs. We need the Uend to come in here and help us out. We don't have enough troops. We don't have enough of this. We don't have enough money. What a disgrace, man. In American public is worried about armed in California. Here's Hire Lee. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Pretty good. Good how about our frankin? Is the most boring big name celebrity? When you're here, he's done certain life. You done movies. I like Alfred. He wrote a great book. In fact, I got a great story about that now. This is a bushlicker, this guy. I know. That's why he's gone. Completely dense, Fox viewers mistakenly by new Al Franken book. This is a great story. Thanks to whoever sent this in. U.S. District Judge, any while on this is the story. That part of the story is over because they cost the lawsuit out by Fox as you know. But it says preliminary sales figures and issued interviews at area book stores in New York or a past. We indicate that millions of Fox news viewers are too stupid to realize that Al Franken's new book is mocking them. The use of the Fox news trademark phrase on the cover, fair and balanced, is likely to cause confusion among consumers as to the origin and sponsorship of the bookfoxatory day. But I was in the lawsuit that got tossed out. The judge said there is no way a person not completely dense would be confused about this cover. I mean, you'd have to be a total jackass not to get that this is a joke. But other words, the typical Fox viewer. Right, exactly. The question now is where Fox Watchers, too stupid to understand obvious parody of their beloved network, or just not strong enough readers to decipher the whole context of the fair and balanced phrase. Asset interviews in two area booksters near a shed some light on that question. I thought Al Franken was an American-hating liberal, but the pictures of the president vice president on the cover along with a Fox slogan trick me. Carcaring Republican Jonathan Andrew said. Bill Daniel says, I'd buy anything that Fox puts its stamp on. Bill Daniel's devoted for Bush. For instance, my underwear has the Fox logo front and center on the fly and fair and balanced run on my sushi. This is a joke. But that's okay, it's cute. Responding to a comment by Franken that he intended with a cover to be a joke. Can't you just use the ridiculous but understandable conservative argument that Franken has become increasingly unfunny since he began making fun of that. This is all a joke, but it's cute. It's a good joke. You're wrong, Sam? Love what? How can he send me a piece of phonic crap like that? The Tom Cruise thing was interesting, but obviously it's not true. Because that would be like major major news. He had coming out. He's not a minute-gnawed down, he says no way, no how. Here's a call from Jupiter, hello. Jupiter? Yes, sir. Okay. I'm a 19-year-old college student who has been listening to your show since about elementary school. Thanks to my parents who hook me on. All right. Excellent. And there's a lot of you survived it. Yes, I have. Thank goodness. I just want to bring to your attention. I'll know if you heard about this, but what's Nager.ag. Did you hear about this? Yeah, I saw it. He did. The best part of the whole thing is that he kept walking and his advisors like brush the egg off the back of the neck. And he, you might say he just kind of brushed it off. But it was great. It's a good start. Yeah, I just want to bring to your attention. I'd like to see rotten tomatoes, a couple of those rotten eggs because it's, let's ludicrous. Yeah, wait for the debate, hopefully something will happen. Suggestion for your poll, I don't know if he counts as a celebrity, but then ugly. I can't use the word person still entry. Well, he's coast to coast. He's nationwide, so are you sure? Sure. Well, put him on there. Okay. Thanks a lot, Pally. Have a great day. Do the thing. Phil Henry gets about. He's a good name celebrity. He's a good guy. But are you? Yeah. Positive. 19 till noon at 5.60 WQA. I need to set your home fast. Well, listen to this. Fast cash home buyers buys houses fast hassle free. Fast cash home buyers buys houses in any condition. Location for any reason whatsoever. You need to set your house fast. Does your house need a new roof, a flooring rather repairs? Well, don't throw no money when cost their repairs call Rod today at 1.866-785. Fast cash home buyers, they sell out of those house problems and say it too. You have a vacant house. Maybe you're tentatively with a problem tentative. Maybe you're going through a grotesque divorce. Here's the thing to do. Call fast cash home buyers. Maybe if you're one two or three payments behind on your house payments. We inherited a property that you'd like to unload. Fast cash home buyers can help you with your dilemma. Call Rod today at 1.866-785. Fast. That's Dig Lima and let fast cash home buyers give you peace of mind. Fast cash home buyers do buy your house today and here's another good part of the deal. You'll have to pay up penny a dime of peso in real estate commissions. Call Rod today at 1.866-785. Fast. Fast FASTS-T for hassle free offer and let fast cash home buyers help you sell those house problems. 1.866-785-FASTS-T Got it? 5.866-785-FASTS-T Got it? You can't beat that jader me. I'm a loser. I'm a loser. I'm a loser. I'm a loser. I'm a loser. I'm a loser. I'm a loser. I'm covering that whole lot the re-ins oil. You're... Fixin' that whole thing with weapons that we brain. No more turmoil to get into boil. Bethlehem, we have luck. We stay in our time again and let be here we have it all. Searchin' for our reasons for and assault. Some people claim we got George Bush to blame. Maybe you're right. It's all George Bush's fault. Well, that was an interesting attempt on that literary king thing, but I don't think Larry is boring. He's a showist terminal, but he's looking at George's kind of a very exciting pastime. He's boring. You want Polary King on there? He's not a very king, and they don't come any better than Neil Rogers. Let's go put him on there. He's boring, you're right. The show is for people over the age of 100. All I thought was exciting when he said to me. Don't be frustrated. OK, Larry King, get him on there. I just want to drop a few of those in there. To be honest, who is much more thrilling when we're, I can't find it now. Well, look what I just found. Hmm? What? I have a pretty little hug here. I don't want to play with the baby. Do you like blue blood? I like blue blood. I like blue blood. See, how come I'm always talking about the day van boring, whose terminal we never give all the kudos deservely to boo shambi, who's great. And a good guy. Very good guy. And lost all of that weight and kept it off to it's better that liar that called a few months ago. Oh, he blew up like a balloon. He's fat no he didn't. He's a good guy, Bob Schumer. He's a great guy. One of the few people we really like in a building. In fact, most of the people that we hit like poison. Here's Mark Clack. Mont Clair, no jersey, hello. Good morning. Yes, sir. I think I've got a winner for the poll. OK. Anthony Hopkins. Really? Yeah, he is just to met. He is a walking so horrific, believe me. You know, I was watching a little while ago. We've got to show us, start. I've flipping around on the movie channels here. What was the name of that movie? George the moment with Pacino and Anthony Hopkins? Pacino. And maybe that wasn't no no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I'm confusing two movies now. Yeah. He was Anthony Hopkins, Ellen the Chris Rock. Yeah, that would be pretty boring both those guys in one film. That's pretty boring stuff. No, I'm sorry. They were always called in incredible crap or something. I don't know. Yeah, he is boring. OK, thanks a lot, pal. Hey, see a boy and guy. I need to take care. OK, see. I like him with the red ball in his mouth. Oh, the face mask in the red ball. Back to here. The Leafs are going to sign him off if Eddie the eagle falters this season is going to be lead school. In fact, whatever Leafs school is going to need a lot of armor this year because boy got Brian McKabas and you would have bad knees going to be out for a long time. Who knows. He says it's OK. He'll be back. I'll be back. They got no defense. We're going to sign up for you. Summing. I think I bring him back with Tim Horton and the Carl Brewer. They're both dead by the way, George. But not for you. We're not. What you like for you, Summing? Who? You like the name, though, right? Yeah. And he's not a harness racing driver. And he had to come up with a pin in the abulin guy. He's part of the guy. We're going to take his what's more. Why are you knocking at guy? What? What? No wonder we get we get this see this is on the heels of too much a George. The most of the shows and I come back in a really good mood. And I get in and day with a bunch of hostile angry people and why? Because George is so damn, a negative. No, I'm not. That guy, the abulin guy is called all the way from my turn. He's a busy on our dog. And somebody's done past. He's above. But he hasn't the father and I said a long time and see. No, the way you make peace with somebody is you like, I don't want to make you do them shut up. We as you train them to like, you know, be a little bit more reasonable. You know what I'm saying? No. You try to let the, you know, quit wheezing into my life and just be a little bit more respectful and quit overdoing it. That's all. Don't be a wheezele. Nobody likes a wheezele. Am I right? No. Even one on most head we can't stand. We hate it like poison. So why do I put it down on here and quit trying to be a dictator, okay? What's boring about it? You got a part of that, licked. And again, several good lines, but I better not use him. Yeah. I don't want to like lose the license. Let for Rally to want to lose the station's license. Okay, then we can also his own. You know, I have, he can't even afford to buy a car. 200, I think that's so why does he, now look, I love Scott. But the point is why does he come to town and assume that they have an obligation to buy him a car? What was that? Did they ever buy me a car? No. I ran here. No, I pay rent up the ass here, man. Heavy duty. The only good thing is a lot of 72 cents an dollar, but nevertheless, why does he assume that they should be buying him a car? Because he's a superstar. He deserves a car. I agree. Who is the most boring big name celebrity? We're getting a good list here. They were little slow starting this morning because they're trying to get to see, I think it's fascinating because always through all the years this show has been a reflection of South Florida and what's all a boot in the attitudes of the public in their behavior and his growth test can happen as they are. And now they're, see, but it's my mistake. It's my bad because I really deluded myself in a believing they're right at Labor Day with the demarcation point only for people with kids in school. That's it. Because it's still summer for now this 17 days on a calendar. So I'm thinking a lot of people probably start their vacation in a week or a few days before Labor Day and they're gone. This is their last gas for the summer. Did you want to say? Yep. They want to avoid those 120 degree days and all I got in 45 feet of rain in their backyard and the mosquitoes is big as bowling balls, which by the way I see the West now virus is doing a big job there, but they're good luck to you. I think all you people need to be quarantined next time I come back. You may be Karen Skeeters in your pants. Who's the most boring big name celebrity? Don't I'm a 85, been a flight 40, 40. He deserves more than that. He is he, he, if you look up boring the next year, there's been a flight right there. He just makes me nauseous. Richard year 23, Kevin and you see the desperate attempt that this J.L. and Ben Affleck thing that they've been trying so hard to put over in a public and pedal their crappy movies and pedal their reputation. It's that fire. It's just the opposite effect because up until all of this started I could like take him or leave me. If I saw movie with him on like dogma was cute with him in that statement. You know, I was cute movie and which George Carlin, right, which I interrupted myself yesterday when I was going to quote their line about how you get him while they're young, which is the motto of the church. Right. Not with the Catholic church, get him while they're young. You know where you get him and direct them. Right. We have our buddy, Jesus action figure here in the studio. You know, all right. Richard year 23, Kevin cost in 19 Charles Groden moving up good. He's a he's a dickhead 16 George Clooney 15 just changed to get on me. Harrison 413 Jeff Goldlum 13 Howard Stern 30. Are you surprised? George got 13. No. I kind of like I think he's a great actor. He's boring though. You're right. He's boring. Rosie O'Donnell 9 Gloria Stefan 9. Oh, I'll tell you somebody else is boring. I'm going to put him on the right now myself. Oh, is he boring? He's a good actor, but he's very boring. Donald Sutherland. Oh, yeah. He only exciting thing he ever said was, yeah. Yeah, I think I know that movie. Right. Invasion of the body. Invasion of the body snatch. Right. Rosie O'Donnell, Gloria Stefan 9, Ellen D. Generat has got eight that bitch that diek. Lisa Marie Presley that diek. And that interesting the dice are like asked to ask there. Uh, Lisa Marie's got four. Oh, did I mention the other day about, uh, Jero Lido on here? I'd tell you that off here. You told me off here. Jero Lido is Cameron Diaz is his ex. And now she picked up the pieces where Justin Tinkerbell got dumped by Brittany alleged Brittany liked that Madonna kiss so much they may be doing it. And now Jero Lido is with Brittany Spears. Now who'd like to pay a hundred dollars to watch that? I volunteer both my hands when up in the air. I'll chip in. Wow. Can you even begin to imagine that? I've already begun. Put that damn Jessica Simpson in my boy Nick Lashay in the shame. Watchin' Jero Lido humpin' Brittany man. That would be really something. Ooh. The thought of it just gives me chills. Uh, Lisa Marie's time of can or Reeves. You never see the two of them together. Four piece. Four James almost two. Ben Stiller two. Timothy Dalton one Jelino one. Remember the way I renew or used to say that Jelino. I don't. Yeah, I like the mirror. He was good guy. Jelino one Steven Sagao one. Phil Henry one. He used to be a good guy. Larry King one. No vote's ever shone comedy. John Trowlter or Anthony Hopkins. But he just went up there and George says he shouldn't be on it because it would not go. What's wrong with him? What? What's wrong with Anthony? But it's not a question of my opinion or your opinion. Didn't I question when a guy said that? Did I say you really are you serious? Are you sure? Are you sure? I said that. Yeah, and then we thought that who it was. But you are impossible man. God, no wonder your mother hates you. Here's my, and your wife too. Here's my auntie. Hello. And your daughter's. My auntie. Hello. Yes, sir. Hello. Go ahead. Uh, most boring. Celebrity. Is this call man? Oh, oh my God. I almost fell off the chair on the floor. You know, I understand it's one thing to be a little bit slow, which it's the soft load of the way. But my God. But was that guy the epitome of boring? He was more boring than Joseph Gackie. Now they're different spin and Joseph at least a good guy. Here's Boughton B. Hello. Hey, are you doing now? Pretty good. I got a real one of you. What the hell? What the hell? What the hell? What the hell? Yeah, I like that. Good choice. I agree. I don't have any idea what the big deal is with him. What's the big stimulus with what he owns? And he was banging a 13 year old uh, stepdaughter. How old was he 10? Yeah. Now what I whatever it was. But that's about all you could say that was exciting about him. But I've done that. He is. Well, why is he so big? Well, what's the uh, movies were funny in their day? Like what? Uh, Annie Hall. Never saw it. Annie Hall was funny. If you're only need to watch one. Yeah. And all the rest of them are just and sleeper was good. Yeah. That's it. But he's boring. He's boring. That's that. Oh, it's. Thank you very much. That's a very big choice. You see, once we got the ball roll with a ball roll on this. And it's a hungry booger. I would say, what's we got those steel balls rolling. And I did have strawberries this morning for breakfast before the show. Yeah, count it. They're good for strawberries. If they are. In fact, what that was. Oh, and you know what else they claim. I mentioned this last week. The dark chocolate thing. But don't eat too much because man. When it comes out, it comes out just like he goes in. Dark. But uh, and chocolate it was. And the other thing was the red wine, which they now seeing if he dreamed a little how much is it like three ounces of red wine every day. Like increases your lifespan. A few days ago. That's third man. It does. Right. And they if you drink dry wine. It's only got a very little number of cars. He always was a version of drinking wine because I thought with your. My diabetes that was like bad for you. Normally. But I'm going to start sucking on some red wine. Some dry red wine. Was that a meal? I'm in song. Dry red wine. Dry the wine. Of course, you can eat your crackle. Oh, I bought a shame about it. You know, I had such a. And don't give me wrong. I'm glad I saw it. I'm better. Find me showed up here. And I saw the couple weeks ago. But uh, you give it such a gigantic build up. And then you like it. No, I'm not saying I like it. But it was just it was just too ponderous. It just went two hours of the same thing. A slow middle. No, no. It's not a question whether was faster slow. The question is whether was the same thing over and over again. It was like a one note Johnny man. Death. And I look Johnny. Boy, even as 40. I still like to. That's. That's. Limey. Eddie. Help me Eddie. Help me Eddie. Well, I see the thing with me. You know, I'm just such a big brother the ghosty fan. He was he was phenomenal. Mm hmm. The thing with Dracula where his eyes. It just just the eyes. Forget about all the other stuff, you know. But they had that look, you know, on Helsing. Come. Here, you know. Just that. That's one of the great movies of all time. And he's pumps what they'll do. No. Limey. 157 and of course they think Dracula is like a you know what we need bugs me Peter Kushing. Why? He because he always was like, uh, he was like the. Oh man. You're ripping off everybody else. You know, he was the Dracula. He was Frankenstein. He was he was something there. He was a Sherlock Holmes. We had that contract. I got used for him. And I'm a little dog who's now in a, uh, just nothing but dust in a box somewhere. A little dog was more like Sherlock Holmes than Peter Krythner and Tauhous. Come 58 at 560 WQM VIP Sportsbook.com is soft load as best sportsbook may no mistake a booted. Because this time it here when football gets going heavy duty, I'll tell you how heavy duty is. We even got been all right with Hank this afternoon. We're all wondering. You know, we're wondering? What? Why? Anyway, most of these sports books are full of crap. 99% of these bookies are located in the jungles of Costa Rica with the bug man. This year, move up and class to VIP Sportsbook.com. It's the oldest and the largest sportsbook in the Netherlands. 100% legal and licensed as well. And boy, do I love the needle andzer what? I had a little bad moment there once you twice, but it's a hell of a place. So you can trust those folks over there. They know their crap. Listen to me and call VIP Sportsbook.com right now at 1.860. VIP Vets. Because VIP Sportsbook.com is soft load as best sportsbook. Make no mistake. Sign up now. You've been all year long on a soft load of football basketball teams. Juus free all year long. You want to bet on the dolphins? It's 100 to 100 and you will win this week. Unless you're full. How many points a lay in this week? I'm going to bet to hurtcans. It's 100 to 100. So forget about the vigorous. All signups get a 20% cash bonus. Not some funny money match play bonus. VIP Sportsbook.com online is where you find them online or comment this toll free number 1. 866 VIP Vets and get prepared for a whole season of punching your guts up with confidence and peace of mind. Call again 1. 866 VIP Vets and be sure and tell me what about it on the inch of the award you show on QAM. VIP Sportsbook.com or you be the VIP.itol xw Minister itís the group or you can go and listen. We took you now behind the scenes as Arnold Schwarcin it remains contrary floor the quiz of. I bet I state something like I want you to make call it form牙 strong. by returning back and then going forward to the future. That's good. It's very important, though, Arne, that no one ever used to say. It has to make a lot of sense. It's got a hit hard. That's why I should say something like, I want to make California the entertainment capital of the world, bringing back the economy and moving the forward. What the Arnold Pollard already is the entertainment capital. Even Beth and I are really happening. I'm really thinking it. Wow. Well, how about the energy crisis, Arne? H-smot man. There is no energy crisis in California. That was New York. What's wrong with you? I don't care about New York. It's California. California. California. There's a major energy problem. Not here. My step to the moon's stair climber is fine. I have power. Let's go back to this bringing California to the future. That's a good position. I will exactly if you want to do that. Let's think about that. I want to take it forward. Good. Not backwards. All right. I'm going forward. Should you mention great Davis? Who's that? You know, the guy you're recalling. I didn't call anyone. I've been working here with you. A great Davis. What do you want to say about great Davis? Great Davis is not from California. He was the dancer from the Rad Pack. I'm not going to make fun of him. What are you talking about? The patch guy from Ocean's Nine. You mean Ocean's 11? I don't see the sequel. I don't think sequels have any merit at all. If you're talking about Sammy Davis, we're talking about great. All you do is sequels, too, by the way. Hey, I don't do sequels. I'm talking about taking California to the future and taking down that big white sign that says Hollywood. We need the new sign says, on the wood. No. No, no, no. That's not going to fly. You're fired. You're fired. Oh! I'm on the wood. You're like my idea now on the wood sign. That's a great idea. Great idea. California's future is about on the world. Get into the future. Change for the future. I'm back. I'm not back. I'm back. Hey! Come on for a 560WQ. I'm a big noon to one hour. They're ain't going to be no big one to two hour today because we got the Marlins game. We're looking out of this log is, but who's this bitch that's making the log these days? What should we be? We've started. What? Is that you bet? I bet you may be a very nice person, but man, you are inept. Of course you had a good teacher. I'm sure. But look at it. It's 1239 hardball with question mark question mark. Chris Matthews is who it is. I'm going to throw on with you honey. She must not watch. She must not watch too much TV. Hardball with a crow. 567. Oh! 856. And people wonder how guilty is on here with a voice and how the beast can be on here. And we had the crow on here. And the best part of the whole deal. You know what I see? A lot of similarity between the Arnold thing and the fact that we had the crow on the ear, Warren, Cromarty. First of all, neither of them can speak English. That's number one. And secondly, neither one of them could possibly be taken seriously for even a moment. You see the parallel there? But no matter what you do, it's like, oh yeah, well, he's pretty good, you know. And then of course there was that certain racial element to it that the, some of our dark folks out there, some of our thin skin, black skin. No one I'm talking about? No, what? They're at the world, you know, here. Here's it's not going to hand because he's a brother. We ought to have some people on here. Yeah, we'd like to have some dark skin people on here. They could speak. You know, if we could find somebody articulate, you know, like, like, what's his name on 60 minutes at Bradley? Right? Right? I know somebody who is dark and constricted. No, that's not what I was thinking. Who he's thinking? Oh, man. He's in someone's. Well, they already tried that people. You're a floated that idea and all the sponsors said, Well, you know, things so Pete, okay. You floated that idea. Just thinking out loud. Here's plantation. Hello. Oh, God. Here's a, Paolo. Hello. Yes, sir. I think I got it. These folks person for Salmon X David to Covni. Oh, he is terminally. And ugly. Thanks, pal. You know, um, remember I read that thing at one course. I didn't even know how to pronounce his name because I don't watch that awful show. Right. Well, like we ensalign on it. Me the. But, uh, and the tabloids that hunk David to cover me hunk. Hunk? Hunk? Yeah. Everybody on everybody on TV is a hunk. Right. Is either a diva, a goddess, a hunk, a hunk of something. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, and sounds like the chief channel people are getting a lot of calls into, you know. That must be with these people are. Man, probably Pete Bulger's boyfriend. Here's for a lot of deal, huh? Hey, you. Yes, sir. Kevin Doctor. Already on your pal, thanks. To late. Who is the most boring big name celebrity we're asking today? Time is 93. He's got more than double the next competitor. How do you like that? The I man. You know who really bugs me? Yeah. He's kind of like the bird of that, uh, I'm a show. Is that news guy? He's a good news man. He's got a great voice. He's a good news reader. You know. No, I don't know. But he says a suck hole. Well, I'm a man. Yeah. Oh, geez. You know what? Why does he just come on one morning saying, Hey, listen to it. You know, he's a fool of me. Before you fall out of the chair, why don't you just go home and Rick's higher. You know, right? I'm a 93. Ben Affleck 45, who's also a clear clear clear second. Richard here who's also a clear clear third. He's got 26. Richard Kevin. Costor 21. Charles Groden 18. Annoying. Not just boring, but really annoying. Grating on your nerves. A real. You know, he reminds me of. I give him might probably ought to be on the list, but he's not. Nobody knows who he is except the sports nerds. Keith Olderman. Poets Scott Junior, they're no so bad as. Yes, because he used to be on ESPN and he was on Fox Sports that he was on MSNBC. That he was on Fox News. Now he's back on MSNBC. Here is a guy who thinks that his stuff don't stink, man. He thinks he is God's greatest gift to the media to the human race. And he has that very serious tone and look on his face. He looks at you like like every word that he utteres is going to be like earthshaking. Every thought that he expresses that comes out of his big stupid mouth is going to be like a monumental. You know, he never says a guy damn thing. You talk about a self absorbed asshole as Keith Olderman. But he and I are list, but we'll have to make do with the what's his name. Charles Groden 18 votes. Harrison Ford 16. Howard Stern 15. George Clooney 15. Jeff Goldblum 13. Gloria Stephon. That bitch. She's tied with the Rosio Donald 10. Ellen, he generates right on both of their ass with eight. Can't reach seven. Lisa Marie with five. Woody Allen with five Stevens a guy four. Larry King for. And he just went on their moments ago. Larry. Uh-huh. Edward J. Ella Edward James almost three Ben still has got a pair. J. Lino's only got one. Phil Henry one. Only one vote for Phil. Are you sure Sean Carter a one until the going once. Still no votes for Anthony Hopkins Donald. Or John Pruelton. How come John, uh, and we haven't got David to go to your Woody Allen on our yet. But we will Eric will take it around with. Or else. How come David said, don't have any votes. A Donald whatever his name is. What's his kids name? Keith. Keith said the one for. He's also. Get a right. Keith for. You keep her. No, it's wrong back. I've seen him. He's also very boring. He and he looks a lot like daddy. He looks like a young boy. Not quite as boring version. A little bit more boring. He's like a man. He'll get there. But I do like when daddy says. Yeah. Like that at the end of the. Oh, it isn't that great. I love it. Oh, fabulous. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Here's the call from Manhattan. It says New York. Hello. I know. I'm pretty good. I know Washington should definitely be in the live. Good choice. And even then you're facial expression. Good choice. Thank you. Sure. And have a great day. Who? Then he's a Washington. Oh, yeah. He just like, you know, he's just there. He's the expression on this face never ever changes. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T Verizon. I got to get this story on. Group of women seeks right to bear breast as men can. And of course the men are saying. Oh, right. Yeah. What does that start? I'm all for it. Yeah. This is from the Orlando Sentinel. Says those are there all sorts of reasons why women might like to go topless. Wherever a man can. Jan Larsen, France and B. San. There's the comfort the convenience and even just the fact that if it's okay for men, why not for women? These are only some of the reasons France and a friend's filed a federal lawsuit yesterday in Orlando in the big. Oh. It's really hot. I'm working out the garden. I'm not supposed to take off my shirt. But my husband can't sit France and live in Melbourne. That happens to even have times that it starts to have an emotional impact. It makes you angry. It makes you fired up and pissed off. It makes her even anger that a 14 year old daughter is treated differently now that she has breasts and that women everywhere suffer from sexual abuse and harassment doing part to those breasts. The very laws that demand women cover their breasts and fabrics. She said help eroticized body parts. Not all their different male counterpart just bigger. That's all. Usually bigger all of your dresses. He can be most of the women. And what you said there that he to wipe it or yeah. Said he's got. So France in 46 her daughter and eight friends 170s are suing Gerard County to overturn its anti-nutany or anti-nutany ordinance. As well as two state statutes that band displaying the female breast in public. They're not strippers or nudist or thrill seekers. The discounts allows violator 14 to member guarantees of due process and equal protection. Because of having to cover their breasts and places at times. When men don't cover their breast to suit states, plainifs and all of the women and girls are afflicted with a badge of second-class citizenship. The county ordinance has was passed in part and response to nude some bathing at plial in the beach in a cannibal national seashore. That's where France has hushed in Marvin France and was arrested during an 1995 nude protest of the ordinance. She and France in said a group pretons successfully to get laws overturned state course before turning to the federal system. Ask whether she expects to win the suit she says if I didn't believe that I wouldn't be doing it. A change has to start somewhere and is a very good place to start. Most of us will never give up until the day we die. Look she said over half our population are women but some people are so conservative they're afraid themselves. They don't know what they might do if they see a naked breast. I just go and you go girl. Anybody with a brain wants to see a naked breast. You have an old fact like me can see a really hot looking naked breast. It's wrong with that. And I don't get likes stimulated by it. I do that for you. Okay. Well I mean I might see a guy at the beach with his shirt off and gets stimulated because he's got a great body. So what's wrong with that? That's right. I'm not talking about he pitched the ten this pants like that guy on our website. I'm just talking in general. No, but you will. I will why? I'll pretend my pants you never see it. Probably this pants new to QAM. I'm not going to do that. That's the one. This is which we need. 2AM. There we go. So far that's straight. Hold on. I'm ready. Right now. Wonderful. Definitely. No. The F-Lack casting call. All right. Time broke off. Time broke off. Out of the way. Again Tom. Out of the way. One more time Tom. Out of the way. I'm losing a second part. One more. Out of the way. Next. My Tyson. My Tyson. Yes. My Tyson. Stop saying what I'm saying. I think I'll pay. I bet. Again. Again. Next. Jesse Jackson. A frog. The dog for the leg. Jesse. I'm sorry. But the dog is white. Next. Woody Allen. He's nuts. I mean, deduct the torques. Stay to the script, Mr. Allen. It's crazy. It's insanity. Great. The line please. Why would it duck? Be next. The great John Connery. Sir. Hello. I'm Sir. Welcome. Welcome. Sir. Just read the line please. Oh fuck. Excuse me, sir again. Oh fuck. Sir. I'm sorry. That second part of the line I don't. I'm simply flaying. Half. Next. Oh God. I guess we got Gilbert God freed over here. All right. Give it to me Gilbert. I'll work. I'll work. I'll work. Well, Gilbert. I pretty much hate you. And I think you're terrible. But you're the close thing we got. You got the job. Come on. 10 at 5. 60. Do you know what I say? How many? Rough to put rush on a pool. Oh, worse. Limbaugh. That's a good choice. Showdown. I mean talk about pontificating to the point of. T.D. and man. Boy and Connery's. And a real piece of cram. Rush Limbaugh. Get him on Eric. Whatever your name is. Andy and Miami says this is a different Andy think of this. Neon. I don't have anyone born into your list by do have a shameless request. Since you're breaking early for the baseball game. Could you please play the Marlins baseball song? It's by far when you're funny. I don't know what he's talking about. We got to take me out to the Marlins. Right. We have this the freaking Marlins or something like that. The freaking Marlins. We got Marlins baseball. I see. I don't know what he's talking about. Marlins baseball. What? The one that says Marlins baseball. How can you know that? I'm sorry. That's all for Neil today. The Marlins have to play. I'm sure Neil doesn't mind going home. No. No. Now two more. I'm more close. And here it's the best of us. Good live. Turn off the radio. Good far away. It's ball. It's boring. And it's a fucking Marlin day. It's a small. And such a goddamn pity. Design for those who don't like to think. And get excitement from re-cog the sink. It's on baseball. No one can't stop. Okay. Well, I'm not that note. I'm not going to play the whole thing. We gave Andy a little taste. The addition was that echo chamber. We got it on the blue. That was pretty cool. Yeah. There's our. Anyway, it says it's one of your funniest bits. I also noticed the freeway in spikket. But spikket says absolutely. It's like mo. Love your showing George is great. Says Andy in mind. It looks like George is handwriting. 560, 750, 50, pound, five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line. Here's Boka. Hello. Yes sir. Hey, do you guys have some vusters alone on that? No, we don't. But what a spectacular choice. In fact, you know what? Yeah. How come? Now, I'm writing him down right now because he is not only boring, but incredibly stupid. But how come we have to put iron on yet? Oh, that's a good one too. Thanks a lot, pal. Thanks. See you. How about iron? We'll get him on there right away. Arrows for art nigger. Got him? Yeah. As soon as I type it out, it only takes an hour to type something. Okay. Just relax. I'm not trying to put any pressure on you here, but you got about 10 seconds. Time's up. That's it. Slice the lawn. Arnold's worths nigger. How many ends in that? How many you want to put in? Okay. They'll know who it is. They're all into Arnold and California. They're all into that now. Because they find it's so amusing and amazing that Florida is usually the laughing stock of the world, but now it's California. Even just the way he says it. It's, I mean, he can even say it right. This is just a little bit of it. He's a moron. He hasn't got any. And then this is the best part of the whole day. We surrounded up there with Warren Buffett and billionaire and here's George Schultz, the right wing asshole. And they're taking him seriously. And then we're really, we're puts you over the edges. That brilliant political analyst Rob Lowe. A man who's supported the two foot tall Michael Ducacca from President in 88. Rob Lowe. A closet queen if there ever was one, but it was wife in 45 kid. Right off the bat, Rob Lowe is jumping on the Arnold Schwarzenegger for Governor of California, bad way. I sure convinced me man that there should be a crime. It's just, I don't know. Just don't think about it. You'll feel better. You don't understand? Just pretend that these things are happening. You'll live longer if you'll better. One good patient knows. Let's hear some good news. Neil, all right. Got it. Well, we got two pieces of news. One we get out of here now. But even more important, Paul Hills dead. Oh, that's her. A ride. A ride. Stark, Stark Florida. A former Rob Minister turned killer. Paul Hill was executed by lethal injection last evening in Florida State Prison. Becoming the first American put to death for anti-abortion violence. Oh, he was pronounced that at six o'clock PM. His last words were called to arms for abortion opponents. He said if you believe abortion is a lethal force, you should oppose the force and do what you have to to the stop. He said calmly, lying beneath a white sheet and strapped to a gurney. May God help you to protect the unborn as you would want to be protected. He said, as he hugged a fetus. A moment later, Florida State Prison Warden Joe Thompson gave the order to begin the lethal injection. Hill remains still. His eyelids fluttering slightly. His chest heave. And he exhaled, audibly. A minute later, he stopped moving. He's dead. Hill's ominous final statement was purpose by a thunder clap, which echoed just as the curtain a glass played a death chamber parted, allowing 15 official witnesses and 14 reporters to do his last moments. Now was this one thunder clap Newman by any chance? Oh, could be. Because definitely there's something in the ear. When this is included, Hill's spiritual advisor, the member will dumb. Oh, this is to- Oh, no, no, you're going. What? Can you see the name? No, his spiritual advisor, the Reverend Donald Spitt. Land of haste attorney Michael Hirsch, no relation to sunny or Mitch. Oh, to bad Mitch was not the gritty with Paul Hill. Oh, oh, my god. I have visions of sugar pumps. That's in my head. Oh, yeah. We could have had a tupper. They're having to sail at pennies. Two for one executions. Oh, boy, could we just to see Mitch Hirsch's bald head strapped right next to the Paul Hill? Just have a strap on. See, you said, hers used to work pretty good. 560560560 on a year. That was a man. Seriously. Oh, all king aside. See, there was definitely a drag queen there. There can't be no mistake about it. I know that humans have a lot of confusion in these things. The general identity deal, a whole thing. But that was a guy. That was the world's numeral uno drag queen. Make no mistake. Wow. She'd belt it out or what? 12, 25. See this, this is what you're dealing with. You dealing with a bunch of crazy people. Remember what she brought you? You had the misfortune of making some in tempered comments on a year. Yeah. And here come the death threats and the hostile who you're. Ah, we're going to get your ass off. Very you say that. Well, I said it because that's a bit of opinion. Okay, I was very un-un-cubed minded in South Florida. What do you do? It's an art actually. What's an opinion if you don't happen to like it or wasn't specifically approved by the anti-fidel mafia. Right. But whatever, you know, that happened. And it's not even an opinion. It's the fact that she looked like a guy and was growtess and a drag queen. And probably had a huge strap on package. No doubt. 20 years, six past noon at five, six of your irreverend station, QAN. Why? And local. And your sports radio five, six, he's you and QAN. She was a community icon in a community that means that I got a smart as I got tell. She was the fantastic icon of plastic. Celia grew. And you believe that? And you believe that record presents pit dosive, but if you were sounds of Celia grew, she didn't know. She was so beautiful. She was so beautiful. And you believe that? And you believe that? And you believe that a boy, if I were very excited to tell him, if you were sweet, she would believe that you'd be happy with my name. Two were through. Two so-so-to-lose for you. Available now, or if that piece is you, see the employer. Angry, holy, or record this my favorite label, you know. It's not pretty one, it's five, six, you'd ever come. Remember I had four, you'd be for the show this morning. We're talking about the pizza man's story. Right. And I'll see you then. It said FBI says pizza man had another weapon as they scory to cover their ass. Right. But anyway, all this news story that I just put it out here, the latest. Those who knew pizza man doubt he planned bank robbery. Living in a rented cottage with handbeed on furniture and three cans, Brian Douglas Wells was contented to deliver pizzas. 27 hours a week, and spent much of his free time listening to a stereo. Money says friends never mind much to him. That's why people in the new Wells can't believe he could have masterminded any bank house. Heist especially applaud his bizarre as the one the 46 year old Lyrman's been linked to for a week. FBI agents and other law enforcement officials have been tried to determine what happened to Wells who died last Thursday. Well, I know what happened to me died. Yeah. After robbing a bank near Irina, a bomb head that overschested and hanging from a locked middle collar around is that exploded. Tating with Polis helping get to bomb all Pwell's total 30s have been forced to rob the bank indicating that he also clashed the bomb to him. Authorities have been trying to finger out whether the story was true or whether Wells had played a more willing partner robbery. Shredd's friends and neighbors are firm and air believe that Wells was a victim. He had a different set of values in his land or Linda Payne were rented the white cottage beyond her home to the American Wells for five years. While Wells family members have refused to speak probably others describe him as a quiet man of average intelligence kind of like that. Friendly and willing to help with chores from picking up mail to shoveling snow in the winter. So there you go. Believe what you will. Do we believe the FBI? No way. No chance. Always covering their ass. Like when he said who killed the president, McKinity got shot. Oh, must have been cock robbing. Oh, by the way, did there's that book? I haven't even mentioned this yet. What else are there in that book? This is LBJ, don't it? That's one of the many new books we got to get. We got to the L Franken book. I got to get the one about LBJ and a plot to how he financed it and planned it and set the whole thing up. I think the book you're talking about, Neil, is the cold 6000 by James L. Roy. By L. Roy, a heresh. I'll write that. Crazy likes heresh. Or is that L. Roy face the one for all the all those games to the pirates? Who are in 1960 before you were born? Okay, what's the name of the book, then please? The cold 6000. The cold 6000? Yep, 6000 days in the 60s in America. Oh, and what's the author's name is? What? El Roy, heresh? El Roy, James. Sunny, heresh? El Roy, James. Okay, I've got it down a time. Sunny, clearly on. Sunny, Corlie, only. Oh, and that's he's going to get to be started with that stuff. Mama, Mama, Mama, I don't know. Which is not a good idea because we don't be having lots of time. We got to, it's stupid ballgame, come on. Get out there and support the barbers with that stupid ballgame. Here's a call from sunrise, hello. Hi, I'm doing the up. Pretty good. I have a good one to add to the list. How about we're right here? You know, excellent choice. She is phenomenally boring. We have, and put your kids in playboy and share the little snacks. Right. Okay. Okay, whatever you just said, which I dumped and I'm sure you did. Hmm? Okay, it's, uh. What are you going to do? Nice college boy, huh? They want to get mixed up in the family business. And now you want to go down a police cap and one because he's locking the face a little bit. What do you think? This is the army where you shoot him a mile away. You got to get him post like this. The thing you brought at friends all over the United States. Come in. You're taking a very person. You're taking a very person. So I didn't know, because I have that movie. Actually, another room I haven't watched you. I didn't know Mariah Carey was in Snatch. She is. Get around to this Mariah Carey. She's really scary. Hmm. And, uh, I might even be a little bit hairy out of the pits. She's got that one large breast in the middle of her chest. Can't sing for a shmit and beside that. She just won't take no for an answer. You know, I know people like that. She won't take no for an answer. They're all in the world of Sainter. Hey, your music sucks. We don't like you. Luis Miguel said get lost but you know how you can. And, uh, just because you look like a guy, I don't mean I'm going to greet that confused. What ever happened Luis Miguel besides his ass cart real far. He's still got the best voice in the world no matter what George says. But it didn't. No, you don't like him as much as you should because he's Mexican Italian. No, I don't like him because he doesn't sing any good songs. Oh, that's terrible thing to say. Didn't sing any good songs. I was wrong with us to came to Elvinas. You're mean as and it can't be this right with it. Well, you didn't like that song? I don't want to talk to you. Okay. I mean he can't. He can't. He's no limp. This get. No, he's not. Thank God. Although Marysa, he was occasionally limp. That's probably because he was looking at her. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, good afternoon. Where is Tardis to you, Miguel? I got a must on. Where are you, Liz? How about Ben's the pain? And let's not forget how our David. Okay. She wanted to have to add the, you know, big names. You know, big names. He's more Howard David. A big names celebrity. Oh, but Ben's time was good. I hate Ben's time. He's boring. He talks like this. He's got a lot of money. Nobody here. Oh, geez. He's to plus he's a right wing answer. He's a bushlicker. Wow. That's a good choice. You're too bad. You messed it up with that most of it. That's okay. We would put him on there. But he ain't no big name. He's small potatoes. He's like cranky pentagon. He's like cranky pentagonally. Small potatoes. In fact, remember what happened to Frankie pentagonally? That's right. He saved everybody else degree. Maybe Mo could save the QM family, all of that grief. By going home and taking a nice bath. Does he have a brother? I don't get how many. Take, oh, get to you. What? Great. Go and bust. Come out of the wood. I know how many are coming out of the wood. I've turned man. 23 till one. We got to Marlon pregame. Sure. I'll be back. I'll be back. I'll be back. I'll be back. I'll be back. I'll be back. I'll be back. I'll be back. I'll be back. I'll be back. I'll be back. I'll be back. I'll be back. I'll be back. I'll be back. I'll be back. I'll be back. I'll be back. I'll be back. I'll be back. I'll be back. I'll be back. I'll be back. I'll be back. I'll be back. I'll be back. I'll be back. I'll be back. I'll be back. My name is Linus. Hello? Yes, sir? Okay. The most boring. William Shattner. He's pretty boring, yeah. Okay. I know you're boring. He's not as boring as your voice, but I'll put him on there. Well, you know, he's not supposed to. I'm not putting him on. He's not boring. Can't even sing. I'm just a joke. Don't you have any sense of humor? No. It's a joke. He knows he can sing for Christ's sake. What's wrong with you, man? I like William Shattner. Go to the... He's a pit. He's got a sense of humor. I mean, so his wife had a little bit of a problem, but... William Shattner's recording. Of Lucy and the sky with diamonds. Was voted the worst Beatles cover of all time. And now, the fat former Captain Kirk has a whole CD of fat poor covers. It's Shattner, Whartsville, Beatles. Sandy, you can drive my car. And won't speak, Mr. Zool. You know I'm going to be a star. I hear they, my friends back. They're too young and maybe... I love you. Pick up a copy of Shattner Whartsville, Beatles. And set your CD player on stun with this cover of Don't Let Me Down. Don't Let Me Down. Like, by slime.com, to the best of advertising, I'll get you a prize line. You'll need to call rescue 911. But you can explore the galaxy. And never find a collection of Beatles songs, perform this poorly as only William Shattner can. It's Shattner Whartsville, Beatles. When I find myself in times of financial trouble, I just appear in Star Trek conventions. And they take 10 grand just for shaking him for the month of people face gigs. But then again, they are my fans. It's the Beatles cover album that boldly goes where no Beatles cover album has gone before. Unless you count those crappy versions Leonard Nemoy did. It's Shattner Whartsville, Beatles. Let it be. Let it be. With it be. Oh, let it be. I like William Shattner. I'm not putting him on there. He's not nearly as boring as you are, Colour. But he wants to 1 at 5.60 QA. I'm 387 votes. I was also thinking one day, remind me some day. Not too soon, because we do to make these boring polls. The audience will say, that's really boring. How about the most boring politician in America? The two that immediately come to mind, Al Gore and Julie. Oh, Joe, he's a writer. You know, there's no rock group that Marilyn Manson, those lyrics are so disgraceful. And I just wish I was a brother. I'll be honest with you, at least Arnold is creating some excitement. Even though he's an idiot and a literate, at least there's so much excitement and humor involved. There's nothing funny about Julie, he's disgraceful. Hello. Don, I'm a 101, the most boring big name celebrity in the universe. The I-Man, hey, I-Man, you will I-V-I-Man? Just touch him on the shoulders if he, I will say the only way they know he's a live. He still keeps snapping at gum. That's why we don't always lie. The head doesn't move, the body don't move, but the gum keeps chomping. But after like 53, terminal. Richard Geart 28, Kevin Costa 24, Charles Grouden 22. I'm surprised that many people even know who he is. I'm glad they know because now they'll be, you know, they'll stay in hell away. Howard Stern 21, Harrison Ford 21. George Clooney 18. Rosie O'Donnell 14, Jeff Goldlem 13. Gloria Stephon 11. Keanu Reeves 10. Woody Allen 9, Lisa Marie Presley 8. She's to have an LNV-genreit. Larry King's got 7. You're moving up, Larry. Steve and Segal Ford's had with Rush Limbaugh for old pompous rush. Terminal, only more ons listen to that crap. Lotho, Lotho, Lotho, Lotho, Lotho, Lotho, Lotho. Oh, brother. Talk about a one note rushy. Edward James almost 3. Benstilor 3, Timothy Dolan 2, Sean Catery 1, Phil Henry 1, David to cover me 1, J. Lino 1. And no votes yet for Anthony Hopkins. Say I told you, why'd you buy to put in it on there? John provoked a non-donald's shovel and no votes? What's that? Can you believe that? Yeah, he's a wine they forgot all about it. Oh, but don't they remember when he went, like that almost as loud as Eric up there in Orlando. Then's a Washington slice alone, Arnold Schwarzenegger Marock, Harry don't have any votes out of 394 yet. I'd just not be over the feather duster. Here's a call from beautiful Broward somewhere, hello. Pretty good. Good, what about that one of the asshole Dr. Phil? Oh, he's not a wannabe asshole. He's a real asshole. Well, there he is. He's not saying, you know, we should have called in earlier because I think he's the winner. Oh, God, I'll tell you what. He ever becomes famous on kill myself. Okay, thanks. Promise? No, that's a good choice. Dr. Phil. Oh, my God, that boring voice and that boring look on his post and just monotony. Never write him in on me. Don't we have that Dr. Phil? Yeah, in there somewhere. It's all the best I think. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, I said the new Dr. Phil, but you sure as hell don't got it. You haven't got squat there, man. You're just talking about wannabe. You've got a bunch of old retrid stuff. That's because you keep trying to find those things online. It's got like a search party trying to find it. And one question if Boca Broward's listening, which I'm sure he is in between the blind several houses. How come? Because you notice now, H.C. and his finally started to put the bush bashing stuff on on their this because it's become fashionable, acceptable. But how come they haven't put on weapons and mass destruction? Which I don't care what anybody says is the greatest song period of all time. I know why. Why is that? They are posses. Why? What about, well, how about the employee tour through L11 today? They're repenting of a major ass. Not enough. They're repenting of a major big disgusting goofy ass. Well, they don't want to put anything too good on their. See, I just played this the other day, was I'll play an after the break? When men cheat, Dr. Phil does remember her now? Sure. It's a real hoot. My life and love. This is for 25. You're waiting to do it. I'm just trying to figure out what to do. Well, congratulations. Get a life. We're talking today about why men cheat. I've just done it because it felt good at the time. I didn't think about it and I didn't concern myself with my wife. She just got boring, so I got to run and run around. And I'm above reproach on that. If you want to chase women, go do it. So what about Alan and Aaron here? Okay, she's pregnant. Do you want this marriage to work? What about anything? Are you willing to allow him to cheat? Yeah, everything. All right. Do you believe that you can look your fiancé in the eye and say, I want that instead of you and go do it. Definitely. And you get it. You get women, yes. Do it in front of her. Right. Nor with Alan and Aaron in just a moment. Oh, I'm almost in the corner. There's no doubt that the set over Zan is just a bit put him on her all day. She was to him. What Larry King was to Ross P. Roll. Yep. Right? I think that's a really good analogy there if he asks me. That's going Neil. Thank you. I'm looking at the soft photo local doctor whether radar because I want to make sure that when I say Zacri because you're not going to tell me. Even though you're right down to her, she's away from the ballpark. But you'd have to go run in the other room and look out the window. And even when you look out the window, you might not be able to see, you know, with behind the building. See what I'm saying? I'll be right back in. I'm really in the mirror. I'm an epic view. But look at that. Look at that local doctor whether radar in a son sent a website. There's a blob over the Everglades, but it looks like it's moving to the west. It just changed. It's way west of Hylia. It's not a big blob. In fact, it's probably at the beast. And it's way to Naples to a follow-up complaint. But there's nothing around. It's not other than that. It's like pristine and clean rhymes with queen. What a nice thing to have ever seen. There's no excuse. What's the temperature at about 96, 7? 190, 600 and some. About 30, man. 130. But so take along, you know, a fan or something. I don't know. Who's something? I'm serious. I think it's embarrassing because today it's for real day after the ballpark. The marines are what? What is the record 74 and 63 is that right Scott or my out of control here? Uh, you're right in the money. 11 games over 500. They're tied with a Feliz for the wild Carly in the National League. They got a good chance at making a playoffs. And of course keep in mind when you made a playoffs in 97 and when the world world. Serious. And then Wayne, so all the team. But nevertheless, I mean, if you want to be known in that town, I realize that the whole bunch of people aren't there now for whatever reason they went on. They're stitted holiday. I can relate. But come on. Let's go. Let's get with it. I want to see some asses and those seats. I'm not just talking about him giving away a bunch of free tickets. Anybody can suck up for free tickets. It doesn't cost a lot to go to a baseball game. I don't even know why I'm doing this. I just feel so bad that you're finally get something going good there. And like nobody wants to support it. Nobody supports anything there. Am I right? What? I said Jesus, Epham Christ is what I said. That's right. Joseph and Mary and Saul in Abraham too. And Moses. Oh, we'd Moses out. He's a good guy. Well, the Moses we know. By the way, thanks again, Moses. You're the best. I'm not talking about you. Son of a bad man. Not that Moses. I still can't get over that interview that Michael Moore did in pulling for column violence. That was fabulous. The interview with Dick Clark was good too. And a lot of us didn't suspect what a Dick he was. Close it up. Close that door. Close that door. Give me out of here. And you're loaded. No, did you watch it closely enough to realize he looked about 100 net. Yes, I did. Yeah. Oh, man. Is the Lord didn't even want to do Dick. I'm going to send your ass over to Vegas to the Luxor and stick your butt right on top of the pyramid. Here's a call from Carl Springs. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I got another one for you. I got a Carson daily. Oh, spectacular choice. My God. We have a Win best for last. The guy's up. He is a puts. He has no personality of his own. He just wore since whoever is interviewing. Amen. Thanks a lot, Paul. Good choice. Not a problem. Have a great day. Dr. Phil and Carson daily. Thank the Lord. They made it under the tank. They made it run into the wire. Would have been bad if we wouldn't have got a monor. You know, because once in a while we'll do a pull and we'll leave somebody off and they're so glaring and then we're embarrassed and humiliated and people say we're a bunch of morons. Which we admit. But I mean, it's it's bad. Let's see. I want to make sure I have the right music for the end for the up to the ball game. Yeah, that's it. Who is the most boring big name? So, nobody was our pull question on the arroggies.com. They might not forget to order your best in the LCDs and your Howard Domo. How we David and key chains, right? Absolutely. And so, what was the, now do we also have that on the website where the cause I never clicked the order thing. The other one. Do we also have the Amanda's leftover ones? Are we just doing those on the, you know, that's a good perk. Uh-huh. That's a good question. Is it a mega-level to come in and bond with you today, huh? Yeah, it did. And after lucky was going to do something. He didn't do it. And he's going to do something. I'll raise, hop it on to rein back there in the promotions room. He's hopping on her bones. 19,000�ftier bucks for a band of per rest you so far. But we're going, we're going to go over 20 grand this week. Well, it's only like tomorrow. Right. So, we only have to march from to get off his dead cube in ass and go out there and do something. He said, sit around listening to Celia Cruz records and, uh, bone in the dure. who is the most boring thing that invited us to join you there you see he doesn't say a lot but what he says something like the name of that book it's useful and profound like he knew the uh... marlins records he doesn't want those people to like wants to be a star say like certain other people are pep pep pep pep in a long talking about right which is good so maybe he saved the job for the rest of this week course is only one day now you're okay Scott all right i don't want him to be insecure like the beast we want the beast to be insecure because he's a fat little piece of crap even we like a little bit so you tell me that's for real between him and for all it's entirely yes in other words it's imminent that he's going to try to boot his ass out of them why did he's all right that's hard maybe that's why he's time to do those juvenile things that will be a good excuse for me to fire his ass see beast you're not thinking uh... to good you're not thinking clearly just because he tells you to do something to make a jackass out of yourself say oh i got learned i can't do it any excuse say my look at it that my uh... thinking working right today my voice box this is the beef that's what he always tells parents on the z key in handle in my box in working right today who is the most boring big name celebrity don i i miss one o six is male by men after like fifty five his female box richard here twenty nine charles rodent twenty five time with Kevin cost i like this list you know and i like this hold it good these are people are very very boring they've all made millions got only those why and he and sure he's second again to see why how it's during twenty three Harrison four twenty two George cloney eighteen come out of my house not a couple of my house anyway George remember rosemary cloney she's dead no no you don't remember come out of my house sure you do that was about a hundred years before you were born call me records by the way come out of my house and sing for crap uh... rosio dotl fifteen we just felt sorry for rosio because you got really fat like our like our cow and she died uh... wrote speaking of fat like a cow rosio dotl fifteen jepcom uh... goblum thirteen kian or he's twelve laureate step on twelve larry king ten you keep moving up a little larry keep a bag of not it what the all-in ten larry king and what the all-in who are very similar in appearance by the way but back and my right ever see a pretty together they look the same person they think they're they both hang there like in suspended animation rosley ball nine time at lnd general i don't think you'd be too happy about that uh... oh he wants to separate that pairing immediately please don't read pressley speaking of dice he's got a Steven cigar six fill Henry's up to four are you sure looks like a tomato film then still are three Edward James almost almost died when the guy said his name three anybody seen him in anything lately i mean my advice things on the years ago made a couple great be movies was he in any good movie uh... blade runner but that wasn't lately later on that was a hundred years ago right i'm thinking anyway he's got three tomati gauntlet i still have no idea but he's got a hell of a bookstore there's a flash Gordon flash Gordon no i've seen that flash Gordon yeah i have it and uh... Peter north is a hundred years old i know he's still like you know scorch court right you don't know that but don't you think it's time to give somebody younger guys uh... so a chance no jln01 shankotry one and no votes this is amazing at a four hundred twenty nine already which ain't too bad considering no votes for john to bolt a Anthony Hopkins down on southern dinsel washington sliced along arwood shorts nigger or maria carry that's scary but they got you know the whole day until tomorrow morning to catch up and we wait a minute we can't leave here without you making sure that he also puts on there doctor philim Carson daily i'm able to you mail them to him by way by nail mail uh... he said it by snail mail i don't hate that expression i'm not sure which bothers me more i can be or snail mail i poppy i poppy bothers me a lot too all those people trying to say poppy's unbedmitted because the only old people were those i'm not taking any more calls i push my like this to dot okay even though it's for a moment or two there we had the visions of sugar plums dancing in our heads in way yep i'm a fact we sure what the hell that was all about it just i got to get another system because of course everybody's coming back to your chase many of the more doing the summer time even though he did a stall work job and not only did you do a good job in the summer to he showed up on money this week on labor day any of the other recorders work on labor and i don't know what was a so we gave you a real show on money when you're just as it's day near real show and is there appreciation for it no couple of people fact say you're just great but generally speaking a call and a good one and that's right dot it's not fire his ass by the way it's w qa mimey for a lot of the i'm sure the ideas on it but it's okay they stick it on there's no i'm just said it w qa mimey for a lot of the way to say that okay w qa m mimey for a lot of young plantation saw grass mills mulls a sweet water oh just north mimey beach where there used to be some white people pampino beach del Rey beat here field the double a beat is in pampis county and we're not in pampis well i can hear is it's okay for a while i can say how and how and say plantation tristies acres or summarized or surf saw or mimey beat or south beats we don't got no excuse on south beats maybe a few but good man that's it the idea the good busy posing for each other and yes i think oh sir i don't map one of the sweet art not to late i want to see Harry pop on writing a brilliant oh man what a thought that jerry leader in Britney Spears now she's starting to write a reaction no catch my breath score scored