5.00, you wear steams. Don't forget I rack him up there. Yeah, sort of hungry. You'll bag that. The day when someone done a strong, we didn't take their cry. No, Emperor Harverer, or when the jump is dropped their bottles. We bottle them back, and now the sun is, they hit us hard. And our cards are little flags, we. As that song, you love in re-tired voice of honors the wrong way. And our barbarians, to be in America, where they find no goals like she'd. You died in the stage of arrogance, and by bush and family, breathing at this country. Up, hampering, twisted, our gaze and our history. I don't want to be a tax apparent. In the goddamn USA. Oh! What's a few thousand innocent lives stop living in the mess? If you want that SUV to drive, you're gonna need more gas. If the greatest country in the world, they train us to believe. And anyone who says that obviously, ends up for to be. You turned, and thou embarrassed to be in America, where we take three object leads, where the flag is with us. With our hand in the sand, and lightly follow the powers that be. Epithetic, up, watching state from you, who's on a six-speed by which free. Reckham's, scratch your balls and five. Everything's okay. In the goddamn USA. Oh, bless America. Alright, it's 903 at 5.60W. I'm not joking. I'm not joking. I have my doubts there for a couple of days. I had some, you know, couple of off days. And I have a feeling that he was crossing his fingers in his legs. Even had a couple of them hairpieces crossed. Yeah. To late. If I'm gonna cross my fingers in legs, I'd be hoping the next trend isn't like this last one. Well, that's what I'd be hoping for. Come and back into this building. There is one good thing to be said for it. Oh, but so that is encountering some of the people. I mean, just to go to take a leak, and I counter some people. I haven't seen it a while. It just makes me realize the incredible hatred that there isn't this building for the mole-myster. I mean, just venom. I mean, incredible. Nobody's perfect, but in his case, I think we may, I think he's got a hundred percent batting average now. It's always been a soap opera at every radio station. Not like this. Not like this, man. This is just amazing. Estonishing. Shocking. Yeah. Anyway, I found a picture of Marlon Brando that we were looking for. It's in this week's National Enquire, where we dated March, April 1, and it's no April Fool. In fact, oh, some page six. Marlon Brando suffering heart failure. And here's a picture of poor Marlon at the looks like somebody offered him a series of bankwoods he couldn't refuse. I mean, good, galle-miss-malley. Very sad, you know. But he's always been kind of like, f-dup. I think he's got water. Oh, okay. Yeah, anyway. He's just a great actor. We love the godfather. Yeah. But you know what happened to the godfather? Our pore yesterday, and anybody saw the pool and countered late wonders. How come you left off Fox News? Well, we didn't leave off Fox News. We had them all on there. But the problem being again, when you deal with those right wingers out there, they wanted to deal with your pool. You know? Here, they're always blaming all the illiberal pincos for a dittle and when he said this, Pools. But they wanted to deal with our pool, you know? And we're getting tired of them, did. So once they started to zoom in the fox up there from the middle of the pack, which is where it was. Uh, I said, hey, we're being freaked, man. Let's freak the creeps. Get them out of there. So we had a young Fox off the Athen, which is as well. Because we're talking about news. We're not talking about propaganda. We're not talking about spin all spin all day. Cheerleading. 1183 votes on a pool. And spite of the fact we toast locks off of there. Which of these do you think is doing the best, uh, give it a best war coverage. MSNBC. The town bombs. And we're told 256, 215% MSNBC winning. Don't know. I'm not watching any of it. 204. CNN 175. I guess those are the people like their news about 2-3 hours later. The internet 172. BBC 149. That is shocking. NBC, the only one of the commercial networks to get even a tickle in this. 58. NPR National Pibic Radio also 58. CBC 56 and two bad most people here can't get it like on a regular basis. Although now you can get it on our website. We got a link on there at the, where's it right under the, uh, the thing rides thing. How about that right? Yeah, I don't do one here from him no more. What we discovered that just in time. Just to get his last communication from him a bank that no more right. So either his internet is down or, oh, he had it coming anyway. Or worse. Uh, CBC at 56 votes ABC 31 and again, CBS. That gigantic series of tier drops from the CBS eyes because they're suck at a win 25. They're almost as low as mo. As low as you can go. You're figuring he had about a two five and men in his last trend in the monthly in the February. So he goes from the mountain top right to the, uh, Craper. And since most of the months, uh, yeah, see you can't tell month to month. But over a period of time is what gives you a pretty good idea of who's really listening out there. Over a period of months and years and the, all of these things. And so when you like average it out when you realize that month after month after month. And that was that bogus January, which was pretty much the anti-neal vote, you know. So they're all on the, um, it's really a sad situation. Although Zach, I know, in a sack lost 28 pounds, he's looking pretty, you know, for him. When he's crapping his brains out every day because he never knows when the axe is going to fall. Or is that what is he's crapping his brains out? Let it lose you. He's really fast. Yeah, upset. So George tells me the lifestyles convention yesterday was sensational. Or even before we get to that even more sensational news. Because I thought you screwed up yesterday, which would not be the first time. But I thought you screwed up and, uh, tell me that we're out of here. And I look at the, see, somebody here screwed up. I want to say was clearance again or month or whatever, I guess clearance makes the schedules right. Dressed in me. Carlos. Carlos. Yeah, well, he'll be in her way. He's running his apartment down there. Yeah. Well, I guess he's a little bit out of sorts. You know, I've three got it in the, uh, Back from Dixie. Normus. Carlos did. No. Clarence. Clarence. Carlos wasn't that lucky. Clarence. Oh, he could've been, well, I'll tell you one thing. I've never seen him this happy. And all the time I've been working here. Fucking, well, to be a small ear to re-own his, uh, was not Carlos Clarence. Well, maybe it was something involving the two of them. Maybe Erie Dixie was in the middle. I don't know. With the giant extra strap on. I don't know what the deal is. But at any rate. So he screwed up the whole schedule here. So it said 12.50 to Barla game. And I'm thinking boy, George, you know, Jamie, this great hope that we have a really short show to the lady. And come to find out that he was right. Oh, we're on here only to love him 50. So now that we finally got some momentum. We got those five billboards up all around town. We got a big number in February. And now they're screwing us with Marlon's exhibition baseball. Oh, they're not screwing us. They're screwing the audience. Well, that's, but I'm, they're screwing us in the long run because it's going to, which has a lot of people away. Although, where we have at least. Huh? What's a day? I guarantee there are a lot of people going to be two to that Marlon game. But third man. Yeah. Yeah. Garencee. Guadant team. Man, they're going to be just lining up here. And the good news is I believe it's the last exhibition game. Am I right? Because the scene starts on Monday. I don't see any marks. The vision of games on the schedule over the weekend. Got a couple of little, we got some more panther crap. But pantered. Grapes lost again in St. Louis last night. Two seconds left in the game. Ah, it's in the net. I'll be damned. I'll be stinkin' damn. And they lose two to one in San Luis. As the street continues, as they continue to. I'll tell you one thing, their consistent. Almost as consistent as Moly score either one or Roll to the game. Basically. Huh? Can't be more consistent than that. They don't want overdo it, I guess. So it's been a depressing season at the macaroon. Question is, who's going to have the most season ticket orders for our next year? Is it going to be Marlins or the Opanthers? Huh? You know how many season ticket orders the Marlins are going to have this year? But third man. Anyway, we got a good poll today. We got a lot of stuff right here early at 11. Oh, god. My health has come back. Thanks to my good doctor friend. Everything is looking roses. Of course, I come back to town. A furry first day. We got tornado warnings all over the place. It's raining like the end of the world. Although it beats the Asar as warning in Toronto. Did you see that on the news? Major panic in the city. And all around the world because what does that stand for? Severe acute respiratory syndrome? Something like that. Yeah. And they don't really have a cure for it. Although I will say this, that most of the people who are coming down with it are not dying. Well, that's good. They're isolating them and they're taking them with whatever I don't know. But anti-viral something. There only been a few people in North America that died from it. But nevertheless, and then I'm really sure how it's spread. There's saying it might be airborne, which would really be a bad piece of news. But I don't think so. Because it was airborne. It would be like millions of people that are already. They seem that what they think it is just like droplets from coughing or sneezing. And, uh, I just came back from Toronto. So I want to spread it around. In fact, I went in. Just in case that's the way it works. I went in open to door to most of the only ones in the middle of the year. Second. But that was just a share. Just a share. Just a share of good crap with Mo. Although he probably had some good crap himself. I've just seen that number. You know, they got all excited with that January. And then right. I think that's maybe the lowest number he's had all along. It's probably I figure about a two-five about a two-three, maybe a one-man. Huh? Pretty lame in there. Looks like to me. We're gonna black out the real Rogers. See, that's not gonna work. Well, it's just thanks the way you know, do a good show. Become a human being, which every lives as highly unlikely when you get to be in your mid-sevents. It's probably unlikely. But, you know, give it a shot. Because just being the anti-need or the anti-evil, somebody else on a radio station, then ain't gonna cut it. I'm cutting back from the doctor yesterday. I turned on the Humper. And he was taking a couple of really good jams at the Mo. Master. Yeah. Uh-huh. It's actually something that... Some guy called it and said he was at the Beast's thing the other night. Yeah. And everybody was friendly and was having a great time. And Hank says, that's because Mo wasn't there. Oh, oh, oh. We need to report on that. On what? The Beauty for the Beast thing. Well, the good news for the audiences that it's Friday, which means it's Beast Way in day. That Friday. Fat Friday at QAM, he'll be in here, bounce it up and down in the scale. He better get with it. Because that may pass him like he's standing still, y'know? So he can give us the report firsthand. That is correct. But we got a short show. 11 past nine at 5.60 W. QAM. We're a thrill, man. What if it would be like if we started and said, Oh, by the way, early until 9.30, we got a bunch of crap on it. Oh, no, not only the line 30, man. I mean, what? About 30, man. You know, for years, I've been talking about the health benefits of all your men. I keep telling you because it's great stuff. It really does stuff for you. All your men soft gels contain pharmaceutical grade olive oil. Not just ordinary pedestrian, crappy olive oil, but the best super concentrated and loaded with health benefits. Oliometer, we can upreduce the risk of heart disease in high cholesterol. Plus, there are 14 different oleomet formulas for you to choose from. Each one combines pharmaceutical grade olive oil with vitamins, minerals, herbal, to support specific needs from your bones, to your blood pressure, to your immune system. Just to cut the formulas that are right for you and what you'd need. And right now, we got three new oleomet formulas. One to help you sleep on to help you control your weight. And sell Q10, which is damn important for your heart. You'll find oleomet at publics, records, Walgreens, whole food markets, and a virus incidentals. Or do it online if you prefer it oleometamerica.com. If you want more information about all the products they make of what they can do for you, call them toll free and ask away, call 1-866 oleomet. That's 1-866-6536633, get your oleomet today and start poppin it in your post to feel a hell of a lot better. My life and love all this is for 3-056. You're the new AM. Get in pound. If you watch only one reality show this season, you'll want to watch the show where the kids finally get into the action. To not unbox. The premiere of Touched by an American Idol. Young boys from all over the country will compete for the affection and fortune of American icon, Michael Jackson. That's a beautiful thing. Touched by an American Idol. What's it doing now? It's called Growing and Change. It's reality TV like no other. And you get to vote on who gets to sleep in Michael's bed. On this list. Touched by an American Idol. Tuesday night to 10 on Fox. What's wrong with sharing all of this? But I don't want to share. 917-560WCM. We may have to speed up the show today. Like they won the music station, speed up the music. So we're gonna talk a lot faster now. I can't talk any faster. Anyway, I should have mentioned on the earlier months, but I just looked at this and the tag at the end is appropriate for right now. And I left it off. And I don't want to screw up because we don't want to get our good friends upset. They want to meet in a free OLD. If you're playing on attending the NASDAQ tennis tournaments this week, make sure you stop by the OLD you met both. They're going to be given away free samples and laughing away gift baskets packed with OLD you met products. So you can have your hands on it right away in the OLD you met too. Anyway, here's a poll today. And it's, I'm inspired by three series of three letters to the editor in the hero. I see I see which letters they pick out to put in certain newspapers. Not that they would use the editorial pages. Not just their own editorial opinions, but the letters to try to make a point, but they do. Protests protested. So in other words, those people who read the hero, which includes me, we both papers, might force by necessity. We, there are no war protesters who read to my material. Because all three letters basically say the same thing which I'm going to read them. And boy, it's pretty scary. Wait till you're the first one from Alan Savitz in Kroll Gables. The piece nicks are on wittyly helping our enemies. They will prolong the conflict and put our soldiers at risk. Most of these idealists don't realize the important part that psychological warfare and propaganda plan every war. The marches in New York, Washington and other cities have a demoralizing effect on our troops. Once our president, Congress, and more than 60% of the people have approved and committed our soldiers to a war, it is the duty and obligation of every American to support our troops on the field of battle. Do we support our troops, yes? Absolutely. Then it says, there should be laws enacted to this effect. Yeah. Wait. I'm not making this up. If we allow freedom of expression during a war, it will result in the death of many good Americans in our allies. Under these circumstances of war, it's an act of treason and a lack of loyalty, allegiance and trust to openly display, and opposition to what we already have engaged in. That has, does it, I guess this will, I must be not old enough to remember Vietnam? Too bad we didn't have a lot more war protesters like any, or amidst 60s. I'm stunned. Yeah. If we allow freedom of expression during a war, so this guy must love the Patriot Act 1 and Patriot Act 2 and 3 and 4 and 5, and all the other sequels that are going to come. The third right. Right. There you go. Allen the Gables man, you need some help Allen. And then, Mark Goodman and Kiba Scans is the shame of the protest, nationally, and internationally, is that they reflect a hatred for our president more than a concert about humanity. Apparently nothing could be more evil in the president's bravado. His absent linguistic skills are friendly ruling by the Supreme Court. How about his, oh, oh, sorry. What sacrifice have these people made for the Iraqi people? No banners be moding Saddam to stop the torture, no cost to stop the massacre of the Kurds and Shiites, no demand security of weapons of mass destruction, no doubt out, no doubt over the years these heroes of suffered great anguish over the plight of the Iraq people. Says Mark and Kiba Scans. It seems to me that the Iraq people have suffered tremendously the last 12 years because of you went sanctions, and now they're suffering unbelievably bad because all these gigantic bombs are dropping in innocent men women and children on both sides are dying, and also a lot of that friendly fire I don't think is being fired by war protesters over here as being fired by a careless people over there. Well, you know, crap happens. Let me just say this to be part of the last of these two letters. There isn't one person who has been died, who has died, been mamed or wounded in Iraq in the last week plus now, who would be dead right now if a wouldn't been for this invasion, this illegal war. Not one, right? So talk about suffering, talk about the grotesque images, not just that the American POWs, but of the children and them, it's unbelievable. And now they're saying, you know, in Baghdad, the phones are going out, the TV, they knock the TV channel off the air, the lights are finally going out, and they're saying this war is going to go on for months. So you can just imagine the goodwill that's really building up in the city of Baghdad, a city of five million people by the way, same as city of Chicago, same side heroes. We're going to be held as heroes. Yeah. And I hope the flower shops are still living by the way. Then, late in mank in Miami writes the third of this trifective letters in the Herald this morning, the appropriate time to protest wars when the political decisions being made. Once our troops are in the field, it is insensitive and even cruel to these men, women, and their families to degrade their sacrifice. I mean, are you listening to these words? We're not even creating their sacrifice. We're lamenting the fact that they were sent to their first place, and that a lot of them are going to come home and boxes and body bags. That's what we're lamenting, not their sacrifice or fitting children. Volunteers in our armed forces don't take the clear war, and they simply swear to protect in the Fender Constitution, which puts that decision in the hands of others. The right to protest, so freely exercise is guaranteed by the same Constitution that our uniform military upholds. War protestors of our servicemen and women gratitude not scorn. I haven't seen anybody. See, this reminds me of, it's like Iraq in 9.11. Right. There's no one like it. No one else, so speak of that. The latest thing that they've tried to say is that's on Saral Islam group who's fighting the Kurds up by the right by Iran by the border. Oh, they're connected to Al Qaeda. There was a lengthy piece on MSNBC this morning. They pointed out that there are another bunch of fundamentalist Muslims who have nothing to do with Al Qaeda. Oh, sure. They're a place to Iran and Iraq. So I just mention that in passing. But don't confuse this with the fact. Just put out this big blur of stuff and then kind of let them all like sift together, you know? A head east dude. Yeah, just tie it all in together. Cool. So somehow this concept, that there's anybody out there protesting against the troops. I haven't seen it anymore than I've seen anybody saying, hey, we love Sodom. I keep hearing that. Or your apologists for Sodom who's saying, no, we're not. We understand he's a butcher. So now we're going to match the butcher aback that with the butcher of Washington. That's what we've done. And there are a lot of innocent men and women in children on all sides over there who are being slaughtered. And for them to tell us now this is going to go on for months. Let me say it again. I see so much of Vietnam all over again. And how dare you people protest? And how I mean, this line again, if we allow freedom of expression during a war, it will result on the deaths of many good Americans in our allies. So I guess what you said, we have to bring in, we just eliminate suspend all civil liberties at this point. Everybody dummy up and we'll just play God bless America all day every day. And we can't have an election next year because we're right. I told you in the middle of the world that there are some people who believe that. You know, feel that way. Let's just wait any further elections until everything is done until we go to vote. I've always tied in about that. Anyway, those letters inspired me to have this. It's a poll today. What's your take on the war protesters? And we've got 7, let's see, 3, 6, 7 excellent choices for you. I'm one of them. I support them 100%. They're exercising their rights. They're unpatriotic. They're bad for troop morale. They're a bunch of comedy-pink-o-assels or I protest more Howard Davided. Those are the seven choices on our poll today. What's your take on the war protesters? I'm one of them. I support them 100%. They're exercising their rights. They're unpatriotic. They're bad for troop morale. They're a bunch of comedy-pink-o-assels or I protest more Howard Davided. So anyway, all the good news is we got two pieces of good news. We got the new computer. Thanks to me. Fork out of my spat check. Got a nice computer that's as fast as lightning. So George wants to apologize to Bell Sout for all the reviews we give it up. No, they still suck. That don't help me, Sam. That we got a fine connection here. We got 12-hundred votes on yesterday's floor. My letter is here. This building. I have a fine connection at home, although it's not Bell Sout for Samcast. I'm telling you, you've got old wiring in your house. All right. You've got old wiring. Old and moldy. Yeah, you just marked my word. See, if there was something wrong with their service, how could we be getting this lightning? I mean, incredible service here. Your follow-on saying this goes beyond the neighborhood. Go out and get you a new computer. That's what you need to get a computer. Top of the life. Throw that one out. Get you a top of the line. The best, the most expensive, the best of money can cost. The real good news is that like I started to say, the Lifestyle's Convention George reports that there were just a bunch of wonderful people there yesterday. You could feel the love. You could feel as much of it as you wanted to. Now, bet. And he said, no, no depressing people. None of the crap that we hear a lot of he did. See, well, I don't want to even go into it because they have a broken. No, I'm what's the point. There are some happy people here in South Florida. The problem being that they don't have time for us. They're busy having a good time and enjoying life. And more power to them. That's right. They're enjoying it while they can. As opposed to one thing about this town is that South Florida smells of old people. Seriously, you roll down to window in your car and you try to get some fresh air. Oh, it smells like death out there. I thought it was swamp gas. You're walking in the streets, you know, trying to get a little exercise, little fresh air. Oh, it smells like death, like old people, like to cheese. Yeah, like to jam. It smells like most peace and is bag. Oh, and I never got around to the people in clinic yesterday. I'm going to make it a positive. But you marked my words, one of these days when I get inspired. I've eaten about 40 pounds of cervical candy. And I'm going to go over there and like give him an editorial comment. What I think of their health care. Hmm. Anyway, better hurry right along. I, I, I, I will do screenless today. We get a lot of comments in about the war protesters and about the county. Pinko's, let's suspend a freedom of expression. I mean, I'm reading some of this stuff and it's just staggering to me. The idea. And this is always the tactic. You've got to go along. You've got to go, go step along. Otherwise, you're a county, pinko. I mean, what, what are we fighting for? I thought that's what we're defending is the right to do all of these things. The right to keep this country free and their freedom of speech, all the bill or rights. I thought that's what we're, people are supposed to be fighting for. Even though of course in this war, it doesn't represent any threat to any of those things. That is what we're fighting for. So shut up. Oh, well said. What'd you say? 26 past nine at five, six people do screenless too. By the way, won't get the phone. Everybody's just good. It's like almost a day off here again today. They're like this. Yeah. This is the kind of week I can handle. They off here a sick day off there. Short show with a ball game. I like that. I think about two and a half days a week sounds good. Maybe with a ball game, two and a one short show. It's March, Madness, time of the year again. If you're looking to lay down some Betsy, but I know who would whom you be dealing. VIPs, sportsbook.com is the best you can have complete rest in VIPs, sportsbook.com, a legal and licensed sportsbook on the original online books and still the best. You like high parlay odds? How about you do? First, how about these parlay odds? Up to 2001. How does that sound to you? How about same free same day payouts? How about a 15% cash bonus end in your first deposit? But most of all for the past seven years, VIPs, sportsbook.com's interreputation is the sportsbook with the best customer service, sportsbook review.com's rated the number one customer service two years in a row. I'd be your turn to go on a roll of a lifetime, but if you're going to do that, you're better make sure you're doing it with the right sportsbook. So sign up online at VIPs, sportsbook.com, get yourself a 15% cash bonus end in your first deposit. So I'm starting out a winner. If you're not online yet, call them toll free. 1-8-6 VIP bets. That's 1-8-6 VIP bets, but don't forget please. The 15% sound of bonus is only available online. So get online and get your 15% cash bonus today when you sign up with VIPs, sportsbook.com where you be the VIP. 1-8-6 VIP bet. 1-8 VIP bet. 1-8 VIP bet. VIP bet. VIP bet. VIP bet. VIP bet. VIP bet. VIP bet. VIP bet. VIP bet. VIP bet. VIP bet. VIP bet. VIP bet. VIP bet. VIP bet. VIP bet. VIP bet. VIP bet. VIP bet. VIP bet. VIP bet. VIP bet. VIP bet. VIP bet. VIP bet. VIP bet. VIP bet. VIP bet. VIP bet. VIP bet. VIP bet. VIP bet. VIP bet. VIP bet. VIP bet. VIP bet. VIP bet. VIP bet. VIP bet. VIP bet. VIP bet. VIP bet. VIP bet. VIP bet. VIP bet. VIP bet. VIP bet. VIP bet. VIP bet. VIP bet. VIP bet. VIP bet. VIP bet. VIP bet. VIP bet. On Iraq who faced questions about conflicts of interest offered to resign as chairman of the Pentagon Advance Advisory Panel according to a letter obtained by word is yesterday is I cannot quickly or easily Qualcommism will be based on errors of fact concerning my activities They at least I can do one of these circumstances ask you to accept my resignation chairman of the Defense Policy Board Pro-Rot to Defense Secretary rum spelled on Wednesday rum spelled accepted his resignation It's chairman at last they remain a member of the board right got that On Monday representative John Coniors Michigan Democrat asked the Pentagon's instructor general to probe Pearls work as a paid advisor to backrock telecommunications company global crushing limited and his guidance on investment opportunities Resulting from the Iraq conflict out that any of these people have a conflict of interest you to understand no chance 567.0560 pound five 60 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line. We have one line on the screen of son of fried a can you believe that that's that's shameful I guess everybody must be there like in slow-mo. Maybe they're boycotting the show speaking about that could be it Yeah, because they're proud to be an American under these circumstances a lot of a sorry 567. Okay. Let's do the first one. WQA in There was Gilbert now. How come somebody in a building hasn't done something about that? No, I'm serious Gilbert Solomon. We went through the whole room. We saw them and see the raspberry guy also keep In mind we're not that I'm back in town and I'll be here for a while. I remember what I said I will personally right take again involvement in this and I can assure you I will Okay, that's considered a petty pussy complaint here in this. No, it is not a petty. When somebody do it It's consistently not by the phone company. It's not that one Trust me what I tell you all right You're an asshole Gilbert. Okay WQAM Yes, sir. You're pushing the gay button again. I understand. Oh, please. I thought he gave up. I Thought he sent me this CD this morning where we're in Jones any city gave up, but there he is back again WQAM Ola. Yes, sir. Hello Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? I'm okay. Good. Well, I've got to say I mean I'm not in total agreement with you Is I usually am in total? Where's the damn pull on? I need the pricing. Wait, we had agreement with you However, people have a right of free speech. I am sick of this totalitarian government crap Patriot F is the S. I had a slow down. I would have slipped and I didn't But I happen to be a person who believes that Saddam is a threat to us and therefore I kind of support the war. No, I actually do support the war But I also you know, I also having been a huge protest for the Vietnam War Completely 100% unacquisically to man that the people who are protesting this war be Given all their rights to protest. I love it. I think our troops Actually like the fact that they can say to themselves We are fighting for the freedom of the American people. See first of all the troops are on city over there Watch the NMS and BC and see it in a household Ben, there's nothing every every conflict all troops know that there's no truth It does not hurt our troops folks our troops are proud Americans. I have got a son in the United States Maybe on station in the Persian Gulf. Okay, and I'm telling you he likes the idea that he is fighting for what we call freedom Right here in he is proud of the fact that his country allows people to come out and speak their mind Now how can he possibly say I'm fighting for freedom of speech and freedom of this and that if we start suppressing freedom of this Those three letters I read from the Harold are just enough to matern my stomach I mean this business about if we allow freedom of expression during a war So we're just supposed to declare martial wars has been all freedoms and everybody goose step in line That sounds very familiar to me. Oh, quite a You look I hate when I don't like you that word, but I hate George Bush Yeah, I think he is a piece of Basically walking talking excrement Now you can walk them in the lowest of the steam I wouldn't use them for the dog capture But that doesn't mean that I disagree with the concept which may or may not be right I mean I had total hope was open the suggestion But I do believe that Saddam has proven himself to be a ruthless M. F. Yeah, you mean like to be all castro And like in like the Chinese and like the North Koreans and like the Iranians and like I could listen Neil Robert McGolly and I could let you probably 20 or 30 if we had the time Castro let me say this okay When Saddam was driven out of Kuwait and there's a debate of courses to other Kuwait It'd be part of a raccoon not because of the history of that area But when he was driven out of Kuwait having washed the war, okay, he lost the war When he sent the well wells of Kuwait on fire. Yeah, that was just vengefulness that was just painfulness right So I'll be asking something so that at that point why did we do something then? Because the father is a present moron who was equally stupid. Yeah, I don't have to explain that to you Do I really so well I listen I don't want to waste my time here to the end of me Waste, but I want to speak to you. I'll show you the debate Okay, thanks and good luck your son good luck to your son love you, buddy. Okay. I don't want to debate the pros and cons I mean if you support the warrior in title if you don't support it if you're on the side of that's fine But the idea this this concept of Well other troops are already there fighting anybody who dares speak out against this is unpaid run This is the oldest trick in a book. This is the trick that these batches have been used in since before they got into office See the you're with us you're against us. It's the good against the evil the ying in the yang the all the Southern bull crab That's such a simplistic moronic mentality, but obviously there were a lot of morons out there and that's those are the people who buy into it 567560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon line WQAM That's the one. Yes, sir. What's up one dr. Neil speaking Neil? Yes, I am How do we play in a wonder bits on the radio this now? How would who how would start playing what bit? Playing the so fucking commercial 567560 screenless desperate Friday the the cats got their tongue again see I shouldn't mention we got that marlin game coming up Every single time kiss a death. It's not till 1150 by the way. We got two hours to Lamar again Maybe maybe they caught on maybe they liked those letters. Maybe they don't want to speak up. Oh Well, they could speak out the other way they could go. Ah, WQAM. Oh, they will Yeah, hi. Hey, don't this is um Hollywood calling hey, I think I got a figure now in my little you know way You know not 11 was you know we got a tax bike People from the middle Eastern descent Arab descent South Arabian mostly yeah Saudi Arabia exactly we need and I'm sorry As a Christian we need to just continually Profile people for Middle Eastern descent not go all hell bet at a shape with spend and all kinds of Unguidally money because this is exactly what they wanted us to do they took out the financial Institution of the United States and here we are Floating all kinds of money that we don't have we're already now in a deficit and if they're sitting back Call that's beside call as infidels These rat goals wouldn't you know are are just laughing at it at our administration this administration Spending spending spending and eventually we're gonna end up going broke that is exactly what they wanted to do and You know This thing about you know either you're with us or you're against this They're not gonna twitch the mentality of the definition of war in my mind We want the aggressor they were the aggressor there's no reason for us to Treat especially With aggression we need to know when you wait a stop and think about it since the overwhelming majority of the countries in the world are opposed to this war If you if you operate based on that philosophy Either with us or against this good guys or bad guys We're putting ourselves against the overwhelming majority of the rest of the world Which I don't think most American people are ready to do that except the the absolute America first The USA is shouting crowd at that bunch Well, you know he tends to want to spend all kinds of money for home and security And it's not he isn't saying that as a matter of fact That's one of the biggest complaints in Congress is he's not spending enough for home and security in the mayors of the big cities in this country Our still waiting empty handed where's all that money got to come from and do all these things that we're supposed to be doing It's kind of funny how a week later after rich was here a week later a Cuban Three Three The cuts got it's made it up to the try to to get to his for two is that up to the keys? I'm detected yeah, I mean, you know how to how do we know what you know? They wanted to get away Come on, I mean they're not gonna stop the longer more than that I mean we don't know but I mean I don't know This administration makes me laugh Okay, it makes me cry so we're even I guess five six seven. Oh five six to the pull is up the new pull 26 votes real fast on there What's your take on the war protesters? They're exercising their rights eight. I support them 100 percent seven There are bunch of coming pink O'assels five. I'm one of them three. I protest know how we're David in two There are unpatriotic one and they're bad for troop morale has got so far On are you dog lovers out there when you go on vacation when you were away for a prolonged period of time You certainly want to hand your dog over to some goofball. I've had that happen to me and what was bad news Barcavano who pet resort is the only on natural pet resort in the country It's like having your dog have a day at the spa your poochal socialize all day with pals and soft-matted play areas And always out of the supervision of dog loving counselors who make sure they're watching what's going on Barcavano is a full service five-star resort offering boarding in large-style sweets They offer daycare for your pet expert grooming on all breeds too when you see the place like I've seen online You're gonna be very impressed with the clemenus and lack of smell of this 10,000 square foot luxury facility In fact, if tiny and when he was still alive, they'd be there right now cool in their heels See for yourself what Barcavano is all about go online at bark af a v e bark af pet resort dot com and take a virtual tour Which while you're on vacation by the way can do that for many where make take a look at your pet make sure he's okay Or take a real tour at bark avenue any Monday through Saturday there were 1400 south federal highway in Hollywood just to light north of Pembroke Road call bark avenue pit resort at nine five four nine two five bark That's nine two four nine five four nine two five bark for boarding grooming and they care or check them online at bark Appet resort dot com for bark avenue pet resort W UAM Beauty in the beast contest Let's meet our beast judges Start is with the almost various Great Thank you. Thank you, ladies. Yeah now our next judge needs no introduction I'm sure you're all aware of our wonderful morning All right, all right out of my way. Did it that put them? What's out of the point of red do to the do? I'll announce the a winner of the beauty of the beast contest so I can get out of here go home All right, give me the goddamn envelope And the winner is match Lorent number one. Okay, peace. I am the beast Behind that curtain is your take is a good of a bachelor at number one or that's low red number one You Give me a minute here. I can't think I Beast meet your mystery date sport whole radio program director clearance I was hoping you pick me Well, I always thought to try to cute maybe later we can talk about sports You said sports Stop it, carrots. I am the beast and you're biting my arm All right, you two mother-in-hand look at all. Get the back of her hair. What for mom? Because you one young moron. I know I got to the squat you son and date to the crazy horse He's all stripped it Yeah, we are kids But all the birds sit again blood smoke, but I know whether it looks like audience it needs The bad Mac's that cuz I screwed up Oh Go Go ah So let me ask you guys one question why do you think the dolphins choke so bad every December? I'm sorry, 1948. I thought this is a one-dimensional town or they even spelled the death in the air. But it's just a very strange testological. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. See, we're trying to do this exercising milk America's right-of-free speech on this program. Screamless, we want to get to a thousand people before that stupid ball game attendal. No, we got a long way to go. And when you get a lot of people on here here and again, you have to push and prod. Are you awake? Are you alive? Are you feeling anything? You're feeling the change? Anything at all. WQAM? I know, how are you doing? OK, sir. Uh, you know, about this deficit that the budget administration is running up here. You know, it's an interesting thing that we should be paying attention to. Who holds the note on all of this debt that we're accumulating? And that's the world that we're going against holds the note. Mainly our major trade partners, which is number one, Canada, and number two, Mexico, and then China, and Germany. Britain and France. All those evil doers, yeah? Well, you know, the government, Tony Blair, is with us, but the people of Britain certainly aren't. Right. And so I think that there's, you know, a multitude of reasons why these people aren't behind the US and this war, and one of the reasons aside from the horror. Well, I think we got to talk about islands. Yeah. Well, it's the major economic impact that this is going to have with all of the countries that we owe this debt to, in our trade deficit. And right now, with Greenspan, the government's plan seems to have been to lower the interest rates very low. But once these economies start hiccuping and we possibly go into a slight deflationary mode, we're going to have a major spike in interest rates, which will make the debt grow, you know, by leap. By the way, the dollar is down 43 of the next day, down 6.5 points, but the market's only been open 20 minutes. We had a long way to go. Yeah, I think that's probably what the markets are seeing here, is that the longer term this goes and the greater the debt is this debt is owed to somebody and this debt. And this is a bunch that came in and heuriting record the surpluses in the budget. How do you like that? Yes, it's not taken too long, did it? Yeah, it's a 4911. It's amazing. And what's even more, Greech, is that this money that they're going to be spending for all of these corporations to rebuild Iraq and for some of the homeland defense that's going on is going to these companies who are offshore in Barbados because the well stone amendment to the homeland security bill was stripped out today after he was killed. The well stone amendment was to prevent any of this homeland security or rebuilding money to be given to corporations that had option, you're worth not paying US taxes. Sure, make sure you wonder about that plane crash, you know? Listen, have a great day, Pat. I have the right weekend hanging there. 5. 5. 6. 7. Oh, but sure was handy. Hey, it came in handy. 5. 6. 7. Oh, let's see, 90 and about it. So we're 100 votes now. How much you want to bet? How about your life on it? It's spent great life on it that there's over 100 votes on a full already just a matter of moments down. Just refers, we clicked on our brand new beautiful computer. 106 votes. Oh. What's your take on a war protesters? They're exercising their rights, 36. I support them 100% 30. They're a bunch of comedy, pink, oassels, 15. I protest, no, Howard David in 14. I'm one of them, eight. They're bad for two morale two and they're on patriotic one. So if you take those really hostile negative to real, let's see, they're a bunch of comedy, 15 and 278, 18 out of 10, 10 out of 106, which means 88 voting on the other side. I mean, did I say this just the other day? The idea that we have to sit here and even talk about the fact that we have the right to express an opinion, whether it's popular or not, whether it goes along with a government or not. What kind of crap is that? What are these young people over there who are putting their lives on a line voluntarily by it? So we don't have a draft that this is an all volunteer armed force now. And so we do appreciate their efforts. All of it's obviously being put in a wrong place. That's what we're pissed off about. But what in the world are we doing here? What are we thinking about? We're thinking? Putting their lives on the line. What is it that they're defending? Shut up. Yeah, see there you go again. Defending American freedom? Well, I thought that freedom is what these people don't want. I mean, this is what the right wing has always been doing. For last seven years since they started to flex in their muscle and everybody else went to sleep, which is exactly what happened. And that is, you know, we're the ones that are going to dictate the course of events. We're the ones that are going to call all the shots and the rest of you just dummy up. And go step in line behind. You fight gets you despite for the right to there you go. Right. Exactly. That's right. Like Martin Schene. I'm back to those kids and his image is somebody else was the daddy. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. WQAM. Who is Central Approved up? WQAM, hello. Yeah, I'd like to talk to Neil. Yes, sir. Speaking. I don't know if you're premise is a lot about saying the government is depressing people. You know, I've been checking all the different newspapers all around the world. I think it's the news media around the world that's within a ball that's thing about the protestors. What's the protestors? Don't get an opportunity to speak. Well, I don't know what news media you've been looking at, but it seems to me that the US media, in fact, I got an article on that which I'm going to get to in a minute, a consultants tell radio TV clients that protest coverage drives off viewers. Why? No, I don't know. But the fact is if you watch the media from anywhere from Canada, from the BBC, from England, from Europe, it's quite the contrary. They're not go stepping in line. They're the ones who are telling it. What's really happening? No, I agree. Do you want to protestors? They're not not going to protestors? No, I know they're not, but they're not giving them an opportunity to speak. Sure they are. Why do you say that? Oh, no. I've been reading different papers from all over the place I haven't been reading. From where? Give me a few more sentences. Like where? New York Times, for example, I get the, I go out to zero. It's to see the airport and if you like going to the newspaper and I ran. See there. Well, why don't you go to a newspaper from like a free country? Not Alges, zero, and I ran, okay, sir? And then New York Times, quite to contrary, what you said, and we've had to on a website. Many articles about the protest, including the 250,000 that marched in New York last weekend. So I don't know what you're reading, man, but I think, wouldn't we look at like that? Maybe the weekly reader. Huh? Maybe somebody's reading to him the weekly reader. I don't know what his story is. From all these different countries like the New York Times. Five, six, seven. Come on, let's go. Let's find New York City on a map. Can you do it? No. You know, it's the one that's got that thing on the left there. Left, yeah, on the left, on the left coast. Buffalo. No, that's the thing interesting thing about New York City is the more that it left you get the more conservative it is. Buffalo, Rochester, Batavia, Dunkirk, Fredonia, the Pew, Hamburg, Lackawanna, Cheek Towaga, Li Roy, keep going. Albion. 1955, we got to Marla. Big ball game coming up today, man. We're going to have a gigantic audience listen to the Marla and I'm not sure all of the two of them. Phantom teams, the Montreal Exposed and Florida Marlins at 11.50 pre-game this morning. But third man. That's the on that's the size of the audience. I love this sports video, 5.60. 2A. Why the you best dude? Live on Algesura TV. It's the terrace that can be a war. Who do you think, extremist and killers? No. Okay, the moment we've all been waiting for, the best director category and the nominees are. Osama Bin Laden for catch me if you can. Mohamed Atta for planes of New York. And Saddam Hussein for road to extinction. And he Osama goes to Osama Bin Laden for catch me. I'm sure he will thank us in his next video. Thank you. Kind of clocked in 5.60. WMG to Marlins in the Exposed at 11.50. And we got Joe and Mark the Saved Moon when a ball game crab gets over with. What do we have our last night in flight and Anthony? You have a baseball. You have a Georgia Tech 659. Anyc after the baseball game. And then the ESPN video overnight. That's the agenda for the rest of the day. We are a nice short show today. Which we appreciate very, very much. This thing with these letters to the editor in the hero that they reminds me of the Michael Moore. There have been a sitting letters about that too about his comments. At the Oscars last Sunday. See, if you don't like what he said. If you don't agree with what he said, you're entitled. If you don't like what I say, you're entitled. But he had a right to say it. He had a right to write his books. He had to write to make his movies. Would you had to go to Canada to make the last one bowling for column buy because nobody would make it in this country? But he's going to write to a stresses opinion. And so, but it's always, we don't like what you said to where to attack attack. That's full crab. I think you know, all you have to do is say I think he's full of crab. That's all right. You're full of crab. I don't agree with you. I think it's a ridiculous whatever you just said. Or they could counter with some evidence of their own. But they don't have any evidence. You notice how much we've been getting of that all these weeks. Yeah. I haven't heard any yet. That's the most evidence we've had so far as I'm a fact. That's it. Well, I'm pretty convinced. Oh, wow. Don't be too sure. For broadcast media, Patriotism pays. This is in the estates today's Washington Post. It says now apparently is the time for all good radio and TV stations to come to the aid of their country's war. This is the message pushed by broadcast news consultants who've been advising news and talks stations across the nation to wave the flag and downplay protest against the war. Get the following production pieces in the studio. Now, Patriotic music that makes you cry, salute, get cold chills. Go for the emotion-advised McVay media, a Cleveland-based kid-killer crab. A Cleveland-based consultant and a war manual memo to its station clients. Air that National Anthem and a specified time each day as long as the US pays at war. The company which describes itself as the largest radio consultant in the world also has been counseling talk show stations to make sure your host aren't over the top. Polarizing discussions are shaky ground. This is the not-time, not-the-time-to-time-to-take sheep-chop shots to get reaction, not what our young men and women are in harm's way. The influential television news consulting firm Frank and maggot associate, oh yeah, Frank maggot. Associates recently put an even darker terms covering war protests may be harmful to the station's bottom line. Oh yeah, how do you like that? Oh my God. In a survey released last week on the eve of the war, the firm found that war protests were the topic that tend to lowest among 60-farmed viewers across the nation. maggot said only 14% of respondents said TV news wasn't paying enough attention to anti-war demonstrations and peace activists, just 13% thought on the event of war the news should pay more attention to the scent. maggot who represented did not return phone calls offers no direct advice about what stations should do, however the researchers implied message reinforces any work of its assertions that media outlets have marginalized opposing voices. And that is... The anti-war woman in this country is far bigger than it was during the first few years of the Vietnam War, but you wouldn't know what's from the coverage that Adam hiding or a Washington activist. I think the media has been completely biased. You don't hear the sending voices. You see people marching in the streets, but you rarely hear what they have to say in the media. Many stations employ news consultants to offer advice about programming, promotion, on-air personnel. Their influences considered strongest in smaller markets where many radio and TV stations have smaller stamps and less experienced management of their network or break city brethren. Our experience management here. McFace tells its expertise to dozens of radio stations that offer such formats as Christian Rock, a music rock country music a news and talk. There's a thing in here about the O.M. In the weeks, lead in the war, Washington talks station WTNTA and is broadcast in almost unbroken stream of pro-war talk from like CG Gordon Litty, Laura Engraham, Michael Savage and Don Imus. Another syndicated host heard on WTNT Glenn Beck promoted in stage pro-war rallies in various auto- Welcome attention to his employer clear channel communications the nation's largest radio operator. On WMAL, one of Washington's most popular talk stations in the daytime schedule is dominated by the largest limbo on Sean Henny both who have long argued in favor of the war. The minute goes about WTOP, amenF and Washington. The area is only full-time all new station has pitched in support of the war. If for on its website it's got a whole series of related links including links including thankartrubs.com, all these other patriotic supporting the war. WTOP's website offers only two links through anti-war groups united for peace and move on. So this business that public and this country, that's why I love the CBC so much and the BBC, because they're given news. They're not cheerleading. They're not worried about the bottom line. They're not worried about slanting it. And, you know, all of that are the crap. They're not worried about consultants. I have a feeling the CBC and the BBC probably don't have consultants telling them how to do the news during times like these. So you're getting a dog and pony show as usual. You're not getting the real news. And on MSNBC, as much as they're preferable to be under mercenessive from where I'm sitting and they want our poyaist today, this business, this hearts and flower sting. It takes away from the reality of the war. They keep showing these pictures. Well, here's Sergeant Josh Mutz from the Washington DC. And put in these pictures up on a bulletin board. Like these are actors in some kind of a movie. Not like it's real. Not like people are getting injured and killed. Not like they're in harm's way. But it's like their characters in some kind of a made for TV movie. Stop demoralizing us. Oh, sorry. 171 votes. They're pouring in. What's your take on a war protestors? Like I said, 180. They're expressing their rights. 62. They're exercising their rights. They'd be expressing themselves. I support them 100% 49. They're a bunch of Kami Pinkawassels 25. 13.8%. I protest more Howard David in 25. Now you're talking. I'm one of them 11. They're van for two more else six. And they're on patriotic too. That whole article by the way is on our website today on TheOrigers.com. Along with a lot of other great bedtime stories. WCUAM. Hi, how are you? OK. I have a question. I hate to play the What if game, but it's been bothering me. I want a joke, opinion. If Al Gore, the trip was in office. Are we where we are today? I don't think so. I don't think so either. Not that I'm a big Al Gore fan, even though I did vote for him. But I don't think so. Right. I don't think so. Because the people are behind this president are not the same people who are behind Al Gore. Yeah. Great kid, Pearl and Wolfowitz and Rumsho. These are most of these people are whole-orvis from Papa Bush. Exactly. The warmongers aren't back there. And I'm thinking we're not as gung-ho to go in. It's less to our right. And keep in mind, in 1999, when this American enterprise institutes in this P&X start, when they put all this stuff in writing, that was long before 911 that they had all of this stuff planned. Yeah, that's very true. And I just, you know, I wonder, you know, I wonder many things, but, you know, we're just not where we are today. Well, just remember when people steal an election, they must do it for some reason. Well, yeah, I'm sure there was a greater plan, you know, in mind. And I hope this wasn't it, but it's a part of it. It's a beginning. It's a beginning of the scary plan. You know, it's just wanted to tell George, I saw that ten-and-teller show less manipulation. It's frightening. And he just slapped himself in the head. He said, I don't have to do it. No, it was scary. I mean, it's a severance catch. It was scary. Okay, I'll do it. Thanks a lot. Thank you. Bye-bye. Yes, he Al Gore maybe wouldn't, and he may not have much of a personality not the disguise, anyway, but I think we'd be in a lot of different shape. I'm not saying 9-11 wouldn't have happened because the FBI and the CIA wouldn't have been any more competent than they were with Bush in there. But the way we would have reacted to it and what would have been subsequent. I mean, you know, it's just stuff and think about it. 50% of the American public believes that 9-11 was pulled off by Iraqis. That's not him had something to do with it. Not one tiny shred of evidence yet. And still not one tiny shred of evidence. We've been in the country now for over a week. Not one teeny tiny piece of chemical or biological weapons. But those who find the suits and the ad-troping and the ad-troping and the ad-troping. And of course they responded by saying, well, of course anybody who's ready to go to war. And I was going to be invaded. It's going to be prepared for biological attack. We don't believe them, but nevertheless, we're still looking for the evidence. Haven't found a shred. Not a shred, not a scrap. There was no connection between Saddam Hussein, Iraq and 9-11. None Zipity, due to a zero. But I'll tell you. And believe you, me, if there was, you'd be what you'd be seeing it. They'd be parading it around. They'd be carrying it right in front of your house. Here you go. Look at us. They'd be passing out leaflets instead of, like, a drop of leaflets in Baghdad and all over Iraq. They'd be dropping leaflets all over America. Here you go. Here's the picture. Here's the naked pictures right here. Which you're just wanting to see. Yep. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T, and Verizon Wireless Line. WQAM. Go on. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I got a historical question. I'd like you to answer with the benefit of hindsight. Yeah. This sounds like one of our cronics. It is. Okay, yeah, that was Dennis. I, this matter of fact, he will never be on this show. See, let me tell you something, asshole. Don't ever call this show again. In fact, Georgia apologizes to me for actually having you on for like 10 seconds last Friday, which I remember like it was just two minutes ago. We don't put people like you on a year, okay? Not that you don't have a right to express your opinion. Just do it someplace else. You're a sick, sick twisted set individual, okay? I've listened to people who are a degree, disagree. You know, I'll get the, wow, anybody disagreees to laying up on them. No, I just don't want to hear the same chronic idiots. So I know them, but Oshanpur Vakitor professionals would know lives. I thought it was him right from the get go. The first day when he said hello. And it was, and he wasn't on the ear and he ain't never going to be. Not on this show. Call off Mo and suck his old way, okay? He does. I know that. That's why I'm saying it. Call up somebody who'll talk to him. I mean, Mo needs you. He needs something, especially after the two five he had in men in the last month, between six and nine. I'm sure it's under way under his back. Yeah, that's right. Watch your back, Zach. Now that he, although he is losing weight, he's going to strike back now. See, he's not going to be a pushover for you, Mo. I'll tell you that. Not like he was before. And by the way, if you do push him over, don't do well. I'm in the building. 10 past 10 at five, 60 WQM, the best Chinese universe, Chinese meal in the universe. You'll find a terrible coast. Chinese buffet. They got three locations for it. South Florida. In fact, while all these other chorries are going out in the world, why not this week and take whole gang for a big feast at the airport coast and you'll have a big smile on your person. Forget about all these other things, at least for a little while. They're in sunrise, North Miami Beach, a newest Emerald coast is in Pemberg Pines. They got six different kinds of delicious, smooth watering soups. And they've got dozens and dozens. I don't actually know how many because I've never really counted them. But lots and lots of great entrays. About 30 men. Oriental surf and turf on a weekends near a strip steak made the order with a gourmet center, which happens to be a fantastic place to stop. And there is a sizzling Asian grill featuring Teriyaki steak, shrimp, chicken, seafood, handcar, firm rim. I'll cook to your order, believe it or not. And the Emerald coast doesn't use any crap like most Chinese restaurants, no MSG, no cornstarch. They do all of their cooking only with cholesterol free oils too. There were faith features a full salad bar, no sushi bar and fresh shrimp cocktail. And don't forget Emerald coast famous lobster festives back, featuring lobster thermadores and lobster bisc. And, say, room for dessert too when you go there if it's possible at all, stick some in your pants. Pines, cakes, pastries, ice cream, not your favorite toppings and fresh fruit. The perfect ending to a real serious honest goodness, pig out at the Emerald coast. Three softloaded locations, they're in sunrise at Pine Island of 44th Street. Collins Avenue just north of 163rd North Miami Beach. And you'll also find them at the MSG, the Flamengo and Pembroke Roads in Pembroke Pines. Emerald coast, except for reservations, take out and live available as well at the Emerald coast. Look for the North. So I keep getting thrown off because they put this at the end of the spot. And I have no idea why. Why did you do that? And of course, we don't have any idea who's got the accounts anymore, you know? Let's not be a teeny-mall I think. Who does? Skip it. Oh, like I said, we're in big trouble. For more information on the Emerald coast, and he's the fake all nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two for a fantastic delicious fresh feast at a very reasonable price Emerald coast. Tannies buffet. Why in local, we're sports video five sixty two a. You a. Steados. So lately been long. But this recession we're still facing says it's gone. So carry on. But his on pin, you're not don't embrace. As I watch the market fall. It's his glove. I call his full the song. Feel like shoveling the real facts in his face. And say show me a company growth. Sits things are good. Like I do he was. Hey, I learned great spanned way to go. Oh, don't worry. So speed of that article I read a little bit from the Washington Post of name me on an national level. A liberal talk show host who is against the war who is anti this administration who speaks his mind. Name me one. How much time do I have till I'm on the drive around until I'm still no. And I can't. And as far as cheap can come communication is concerned. Stop and think about who they have on your doctor. Laura who's called all the protesters communist. I mean, you know, she and by the way that show she had yesterday would at kind of ease of stuff that seemed a little bit behind. It was a tape from like two months ago. But anyway, doctor Laura you got a lot of a large ass. Schmidt might do is like, like, large ass light. Uh, and more ways than one I guess. And what I went out to see Gordon Litty, Ali North, right? I'll Glenn Beck, Rams with Dreck. I'm this. I'm this. I'm this. Any Howard sperm now is a goose stepping over Van Wagen. Phil Henry Phil Henry has become one of those. Are you sure? I haven't heard him do that, but everybody tells me that. What? What is that possible invasion of the body snatchers? How is no seriously? How is that possible? It's somebody like our old friend feel who was so. So far the opposite side who was like anti establishment and like cutting age and just a real goofball. I guess they're all getting the consultants are telling the same thing. If you want to be on man, so I think the people in this town out to pat myself on a back or me and George or whatever's going on in this program. But this is one of the very few places to quote that lady that he like poisoned. I called you a few several more couple months ago. But it's true. This is one of the very few places you'll hear any voice of descent, which is terrifying. Descent of a woman. The scent of a woman. Which I have only one thing to say. Yeah. I don't want to make light of our troops, but I will on a lighter note. They had one of these embedded reporters with the Marines and as they were going through the desert. Yeah. He said, oh, you can hear the Marines all go and. You know, that's all I could think about was Senate one. How about the set of soft lorda? You can smell a death is in the air, baby. Remember the song, love is in the air? Sure. How about death is in the air? Just the thought book of Brian. Do you want to hear the voice of the woman? Hi. Hi. Yes, ma'am. Oh, this is Neil. Yes, it is. Neil. I'm picking everybody up cold. Oh, okay. I watched a debate just now with Daniel Ellsberg, you know, who he is. Right. And the Republican right winner. Well, well, man, now you know you're being redundant. Republican right winner. Crystal. Oh, Bill Crystal. Oh, God. I'm not a skint crawl. I know. He had to admit that he has he's contracted with Fox News. Uh-huh. What does that tell you? Yeah, but the thing that impressed me was Mr. Ellsberg. He said his favorite source of news is Canadian broadcast. Very good. I'm talking to their really great there. Just bringing news. They're not like, uh, slanting it. They're not waving pompoms. They're not throwing darts. They're just presenting the truth and they're analyzing it and put it all out there for you to digest. It was number one. Right. He was also a former Marine. Ellsberg. Right. And, you know, he wrote the Pentagon thing. He was Pentagon papers. Right. He's very informative. And I don't think he picks candidates. He picks him when he votes. I think he votes with his conscience. Mm-hmm. You know, it's not Democrat or Republican. He'll go with the person that has morals and responsibility. Well, what do we find more of those? What's happening? I think he's still looking. Mm-hmm. One of the collars because they might go more for president. Oh! How do you like that? I vote for him. So I would vote 10 times for him. Well, one of the collars, uh, suggested that the protestors go out there. They want to have a party. They want to have a huge party. So that's why they're protesting in the streets. Yeah. Right. Or I'm a protestor. Good for you. Well, in Rochester, February for the first Persian Gulf war. They're out there in the cold. You know what, Raj. I sure do. Freezing to death. It was no party. Yep. So, um, these people are totally brainwashed. Good luck to us, we don't. Thank you. Keep it up. 560, 560, Pond 560 on the AT&T. Always the same. I mean, if you didn't live through the Vietnam War, was it precisely the same. In the early days, the war where the country was all gone whole and LBJs given a song to dance. We're going to go in there and bring freedom into democracy and if you're at the end of the war, you're going to be a piece of cake. And we're going to put it up with force. And they just kept getting more and more bogged down and more and more kids kept coming home and body bags and more and more lies to the American public. And again, just like now, the media was almost entirely manipulated. Whatever the Pentagon told him, that's what we'd hear. And of course, the Pentagon has turned out was lying through their teeth just like now. I mean, so that, you know, you'll notice we don't admit to anything. Nobody dies because of Armistakes, even our friendly fire. There must have been that transponder on a British plane. It must have been there for all. Everything is somebody else's fault. So how can there be any credibility when you listen to the Pentagon? They have as much credibility as the Iraqi minister that's on every day with his full crab. None. None. It's just full crab. It just spin. And in the meantime, while our casualties were like in the thousands and thousands in mounting, and they kept saying, well, there were 16 Americans killed in 15,000 of yet. The maze, the maze, the maze. And of course, who the hell knows North Vietnamese from South Vietnamese? Just like now, and you know, this last couple of days they're starting to bring this out in this war. Same thing. We can't identify the enemy. We don't know the good guys from the bad guys. See, I hate to break the list of all you George's W. Lookers out there, but there's nothing on somebody's forehead. At least yet. That's not where in T-shirt's out there. That's a, hey, I'm a good guy around my bad guy. Any and of course, as it turns out, somebody people pretend to be good guys are bad guys. And the other way around sometimes, we don't know. We just don't know. Because they're not welcoming us with open hands and hearts and flowers. And they don't appreciate the fact that we've laid waste to parts of their country. And how do you like to be one of those five men in people living in Baghdad now, by the way? When your city is rocked with these massive explosions day after day. And that, of course, we're hearing about, well, this pinpoint accuracy of these new weapons. Well, what does that, what does that have to do with anything? I mean, sure we could be bomb and a crap and just indiscriminately killing people, but the world wouldn't sit still for that. I mean, it would be a country. That's the only reason they're doing that is that the public would never sit still for that. Even if they don't get hit, they're choking on that oil smoke from the fires. Yeah, oil fires to provide cover against the bombing. And when you combine that with the sandstorms like we had two and three days ago, two days in a row, and our frequent problem there, and you combine all that. It must be really good talking about the smell in the air. There was a story on NPR about how deadly that stuff is. They're talking about how many children, how many enormous stars of children are going to become asmatic. And adults as well, especially children asmatic and die, including all of the children who have died, the last 12 years under UN sanctions. Honey. Yeah, exactly. Where do you go back that? Right. Listen, stop and think about the facts. Take a look at what's really going on instead of being just an emotional or a political need jerk asshole. Okay. Let me say it again, both political parties in this country suck and if we're for the weak needs, yelling, yelling, belly Democrats, this could be going on right now. Who all goose stepped into line, including Tom Dashall, who was right there sucking around. And John Edwards and all the other ones. And John Kerry, whoever the other day, has got a different opinion. That billboard, we've got, we've got balls. I sure like to see anybody in a Congress, it's gone. There are a couple of people, like John Coniors and Charlie Wrangler. There are a few people. Not too many. WQIM? Why? Yes, sir. What is it? Who's this Neil? Sounds like me. From glad area. And I'm glad to hear you. I'm pretty sure this radio off. A couple of thanks. So far. First of all, I've started on your poll. I believe that when the fact I know for a fact is the protest or a bad for a true morale. Yeah. I've been there. And Vietnam. And secondly, I don't understand how our military, first of all, these are basically untrained troops. Right. They're not the combat veteran. That is correct. And the leaders, apparently, of these guys, have forgotten what happened in Vietnam. You cannot identify the enemy. Right. Like you said, well, I go, they don't have t-shirts on saying, hey, am I good guy? I'm a good guy. Right. These guys with the white flags that say, hey, I'm okay. And they're all in a grenade at the guy. Mm-hmm. Well, can you say it, pal? It happened in Vietnam. It happened in Gulf War. What happens in every war? Yes. You're absolutely correct. Right. And I think this is, I don't think this is a good thing. You mean the war? The war. Well, I'm with you. I was questioning the sensibility of going in there. And also they were in there. And after watching endless hours on television, there's a lot more casualty. And now that they're talking to us, it's going to last months, probably. I mean, you know, these turns into weeks and weeks turns into months, and then, like, in Vietnam, months turns into years. Can you imagine the cost of the war with dollars in human lives that we're talking about? That was a full 14, that's what, 13-year war. Right. That's right. And I don't think this will be that long. And everyone's questioning the repatriates in Iraq. Well, crap, man. So we're invaded there, they're left. Yes. Whether or not they hate their leader, that's their property. And they're going to, uh, bitch is anybody that tries to. I mean, doesn't the American public understand the insanity of this idea of preemptive wars? We think that they represent a threat or they might do it something to us someday. Therefore, we're going to invade and bond the crap out of them now. And it's just a concept that is so alien to everything that this country is supposed to stand for. And always has. And the public say, yeah, let's go get them. You're right. Yeah, that's terrifying. We have a choice. We have a public. Of course not. We have a choice. You know something with it. But again, go back to the protest. When you say it's bad for true moral, I understand what you're saying. But on the other hand, if more people would have been doing that in the Democrats, would I had the 42 to do it in Congress, maybe it wouldn't be in there right now. Well, I agree with that. But it's too late now. Back remains we are. Yeah. So I disagree with the protest. Because I will hand it out. But keep in mind that it was after the protest, Grootering Vietnam, and night after night, more hundreds of thousands of people around television all over the country, that's what eventually, uh, brought us to a... Yeah. The Middle Eastern World will be exploded to a dominant people killed with the gas that we sold him. First time a gresser nation and they only won that's going. Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing. Forget about Korea and the nooks there towed to NASA. Right wing is really hit over and over and too hard hit. That Iraq has so. Memphis of past destruction. Yeah. Three thousand people killed. Our now forgotten. Let's exploit him instead. Hey, there's oil to be content. Going after some time too. Planked to summer. There's no longer mention of. Some name in law, but no one seems concerned. All. Some be in complacent. Believe in every word of this cartel administration. That control this by fear. Through the E.M.R.N. The ablation and the right wing is really hit. Over and over and too hard hit. That Iraq has so. Weapons of past destruction. The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying. We're all suspects now. Not the ash crop is saying. I have nothing to hide. Table partners all are saying. I know. Bating and cattle don't have any reserve. Bating. Bating. Bating. Bating. Bating. Bating. Bating. Bating. Bating. Bating. Bating. Bating. Bating. Bating. Bating. Bating. Bating. Bating. Bating. Bating. Bating. Bating. Bating. Bating. Bating. Bating. Bating. Bating. Bating. Bating. 1034 2611. I'm talking extra fast because we got that damn Marlon exhibitionist game a 10-till noon good, golly Seriously imagine the number of people gonna be sitting around their videos listen to a Marlon exhibition game against the Expose to Phantom teams Go back to this last call or what he was talking about about how and every word these things go on these fake surrenders This is an on CNN today on their website CIA warned irregular Iraqi forces could post threat a classified CIA intelligence report widely distributed among bush administration policy makers and military leaders in February warned that irregular Iraqi forces could pose the greatest threat to US and coalition forces Especially to supply lines and rear units US officials say The reported in February 3 said bath party militia and the so-called fit A in Sardom could be expected to use hit run tactics against rear units The report also said that such units might fire on Iraqi civilians in order to tie down US and British forces according to US officials Other US intelligence reports part of the were also predicted officials say that Iraqi forces might fire on their own people in order to create scenes of civilian bloodshed suitable for propaganda used by the regime which would blame the carnage on coalition forces US officials reveal the existence of the February report in response to questions about whether the tactics that have led to most of the American British deaths and POWs Today were a surprise to US intelligence officials and policy makers and officials said the CIA report was widely distributed to policymakers and war fighters No surprise here said a US official Also all of this pain all of this make believe shock and dismay and Yeah, and all our shocks We knew damn well and that's what they're gonna do because it happens in every war Let me ask you yes ask away if a foreign government were to attack us to liberate us from our illegal regime and Bob Hello out of our scene. How much of innocent people in the nation? Yes, we'd be taking flower Yeah, and dancing of my plants up in the flower I'd like to give a bunch of flowers to this administration about 567.0560 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line joined George tomorrow afternoon noon to two boy your busy I was about that. Wow. Thanks for reminding me. Joe you didn't even know you were gonna bring that Noon to two tomorrow George is just busy running around trying to make a living support that damn kid and The rest of the family too and Bill's titles of bull of artists savings enjoy free food from Griller's choice in Atlantic City, Sub's where I ran the bread make the difference known to two Bill's titles Bull of artists savings, which is located at the summer It's 36th street West to 27th Avenue. I have all the dealers. You know what all the I understand that but there are people out there who don't know that and Miguel didn't bother putting that in there because he's busy Yeah, run away from Dorina Hey, Dorina, you're a pal now. Okay, the much maligned to Renu took out a abuse from the mole mice. You're okay heroin She's on heroin You know something after putting up with him. I wouldn't blame her. Hey go up those check it pay get out of here You silly old coot 301 votes on a poll. What's your take out of war protesters? There are exercising their rights. 107. I support them 100% 78 I protest no Howard David is moving into third place With 44 votes. Okay. I died. I there are a bunch of comedy pink O assholes 41 13.6% I'm one of them 17 one of the protesters They're bad for triple rallied and they're on patriotic six. So if you had a percentages of the negative votes Let's see 4.5 and 13.6 18.1 so the 18 poor the other way to 2% say you go guys whatever in other words Even if you don't agree with them how could anybody say they don't have a right to do it? They don't have a right to do it They again if you missed the beginning of the show there are three letters in a row under protest protested in the Editorial page in the here all the day and these three letters which are right on the ear and I'm not gonna read again are just so so mind bogging to show you the mindset that we're dealing here. We're in a wars where everybody else shut up And this is on the heels not that many years Vietnam ended in 75. I believe was the last year when Ford Every place that I was soon to be impeached and now I'm deported president. So 75 that's only 28 years ago Not grand you if you're like 25 now that's before you were even born but if you're like let's say 35 40 on up right You remember the ass end of the end Sure you go And if you're in if you're 40 and over you certainly remember vividly See when you look at these polls by the way like in time in Newsweek and you'll see that the most Gangho for this war are like 18 to 34 year olds At least the ones who aren't over there because we have no draft I wonder number one if those 18 to 34 year olds would be so gumho if they had to be the ones who were over there doing the fighting and Be involved in all this insanity that's going on and be if they really had their live during Vietnam And not only was Vietnam a disgrace in terms of The administration of Johnson and Nixon And Kissinger and all the lies and the generals and all the bullcraft which of course now Bob McNamart all of them all while they're writing books So we made a mistake we lied while a little bit late now. You know, it's got to bring back those 58,000 people into body bags But it was a disgrace from the standpoint that when a lot of those young people came back from Vietnam I love those soldiers who have been drafted by the way And it came back from being traumatized over there. They were treated like crap when they came back to this country They became the pariahs not the politicians not the generals not the people who forced them to be there and butcher it up all those innocent The men women and children But they became the pariahs here in their own society tragic a horrendous chapter in American history and I have a feeling that we might just be doing it again I hope not I hope the whole thing is over by the weekend. I hope when we come back Monday well guess what they all came Then they assuraded Sodoms go to the French Riviera and like goes on and we're gonna like install democracy over there, you know Right Stop and think about that we're gonna install our government what you want it or not And keep in mind I mean even though it's war between two different sets of religious fanatics Which I think one of our pieces on a website talks about that But keep in mind that these people are coming from the same places we are at all How can you say that we don't want best for the wrong head gear? Yeah, yeah, we know what's best for you so dummy up and let us install our government our puppet or else Including that general from Orlando that we talked about yesterday Who just happened to be good buddies with all these right wing of the chicken hocks One of their people I mean it's so it's so transparent it's so obvious only have to do is read for like 10 minutes a day And you'll see what the the linkage between all these people who they are what they're all about how long They plan all of this and what their plans are for beyond this and you'll say oh my god, I think 19 to 11 at five 60 ravl-rousing radio WQAM Go go go 15 watch the dirt away We're gonna wash it wash the dirt away We got it so peace of the dirt away And we know when we're in the tub we watch the dirt away by me in the tub Take full of drugs with mama rubbers But it's my body that is rubbed I'm gonna make him crack in my hockey that I love Come give to your hope that you covered with my sud when the scrubber does Dirt my body in the tub when they get the water deep it's always drama in the tub But always be so water on the floor to make a flood when you lose a lot of safety Plenty is so be served You've all that's going to drain right down when I'm done I just reach between the knees and up for the plug up Sometimes in the tub but get all the standard wickle is getting Sometimes I want a down under with the so-go and back The way I look at the covers when the water is hot I get the dirt through the ceiling all the way to the top Just do something with better than the time scrubbing and soaking With the soap off damp, booing, tucking this blow I'm a squeaky team and I know where we're to my mind So when the tub is heard, we're at the end of the time If it be since now, watching the water flow No one knows what this guy's got And I'm ready to go on me in the tub Break full of drugs with mama rubbers But it's my body that is rubbed I'm gonna make him crack with my hockey that I love Come give me a hope that you covered with my sud So good news we got on our website There are many reasons you ought to check out in yourroggers.com this weekend We got a link to the SCBC all of their renews shows We got a link to that although ride you won't be hearing from him no more But give it a shot you can least read the older stuff from before March 24 But they must have knocked out his internet connection And hopefully not end on the smoke That could be it maybe they're gagging over there maybe they got a gag order And now we got a link to the video boom Is that the name of it right by system of a down directed by Michael Moore and And we are guilty and no matter what the audio player you've got real audio player whatever it automatically you will lock on a wood right on So uh and of course a lot of really good bedtime stories which I don't want to waste a lot of time reading this stuff on here anymore because you know They don't want to hear that so those who do care can go ahead and you know in which they're brain a little bit and the rest of them They can just but look like that and then of course the people actually have a life out there can go to the Lifestyle's convention like yesterday. Oh yeah People that actually have a life there aren't too many in South Florida but they're actually a few and I have it a good time They're happy people they're not miserable. They're not gone Like that they're so happy. I should probably mention that it's so was we've been saying the doville hotel And I don't know if there was a name change or something that I know about the doville hotel It's maybe a hundred years ago right it's the Radison. Oh addresses the same 6701 call right so We had misinformation on this station It's unusual just like our schedule is parents in the building because I think he ought to I think he ought to get tied to the wall and whipped a few times Because I guess after last week he might like it if he went to all this The convention huh even he could get laid at the lifestyle's convention. I think you're getting a little carried away. Oh it may also not misinformation What a click. Oh hey Miguel just calm down. Oh, but he is the most sensitive spik I have ever seen in my life Man is he up tight. That's what girlfriend said. Yeah, he's a sensitive. Oh, she's got to do his score score. Yeah, look at it 5670560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line We got only an hour to go till Marlin exhibition baseball time My god And we're pretty upset about it. Aren't we? W to Q a m Hello, yes, sir. How you doing? Good. This is this Roger. Are you on the Roger Neo? Yeah, I'm going from Orlando. Yes, sir And a little bit hard to get your station here unless you got a good radio because you're saying which between two Lardias clones and they compete with each other so you can be more crazy conservative. It's that which between you rock and a hard place Yeah, exactly I am Pull against this war good and I'm glad there is a station out there somewhere on talk radio there Is saying what you're saying So I'm with the 100 100% but it isn't an amazing as you scoured the dial not just where you are but anywhere in America You scoured the dial looking for this kind of even just the dialogue back and forth or whatever It does it's not there doesn't exist. Yeah, you're right This is a Train that I'm here in the sun am I won't give up on am radio. I probably was new me too. Be too You're right about the CBC I listened to VBC on short wave and yeah, they do news Right, they do news instead of the totally unfair and unbalanced Stations we hear and they're not they're not doing personal interest in hearts and flower stories and the trying to try to make a movie Made for TV movie out of this they're reporting it as a war which is what it is. Yeah, you're right So I'm 100% against this it's nonsense and I was thinking about that speech the for us are against the speech And what are we supposed to do now bomb France and in Germany? I know you're catching on man. That's right Russia China Canada Right, I think I came back. I don't want to be up there when he started dropping the big one. Yeah, exactly This is this is insane the way I look at it is of course about who seems to not the people don't like him But they don't want to see a new dose of some kind of Western New colonialism there Okay, exactly that's right. They went through that before with a bridge and they don't want to have it happen all over plus In addition to which we made a lot of promises in the of Gulf War one and we didn't live up to them And we hauled ass like we always do like we didn't have Ganistan and they don't trust us to follow through on any of these things that were promising Well, yeah a lot of these countries were created by a colonialist right through a bunch of people together including Anyway exactly and I was reading also that you've got the building gray man all these people boys to go and last thing in the world these people need Yeah, oh, that's right. I had the article yesterday about the the good Christians right over there are just Waitin waiting for the smoke to clear so they can go in and start the proselytizing and converting Oh, yeah the culture destroyers I call them Okay, my friend have a great day. Okay, bye in there 567 in fact. I shouldn't you know that guy was in Orlando right your land area. Yes. I should have told him to get in touch with our good friend 560 50560 pound five 60 on the AT and T and Verizon what would I have to say about all this Probably WQAM I bet you're pardon Where you calling from sir? Okay, turn that radio down please. Let's go. I will okay. Hello Focus Yeah, although it may have been his car phone actually, but I doubt it. He sounded like a little bit But like like that what we like like that WQAM Father-in-well good good scratch for us Get off the old claw WQAM Is that if I George has got a ball scratch your in his hand right now? Fingernails WQAM we call him Carlos Carlos is yeah QAM Yeah, hey Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, how's it going? Okay. I just wanted to Basically ask your questions who out there doesn't realize that United States is run by corporation. Yeah, most people and what corporation has anybody ever gone to or Partaking of it's done anything out sure is to clean it all for them ever I mean, I've never had a corporation Bill QAid's Bill Gates give a lot of even though George hates him like poison Ted Turner gave a billion dollars away to starving people It's because of Jane The trash right off and I mean a lot of other corporations do stuff for like the United Way right like that But I mean we're talking about how a burden You know larger corporations like that right? Yeah, they have a vested interest in what's going on over So I mean I've never seen anybody like that anybody go out in any oil company Really care about what's going to happen to a person right and when you see that Cheney that that kind of lesive for example was on the board of directors at Chevron and of course Cheney was on the board of directors at Hallibord and was dealing with Iraq as short as five years ago That should tell a public a lot of what they need to know but they don't want to hear from that at least to say at least half of the people don't They can understand that well, you know and you try to explain that to somebody who's a blind Patriot you know the blindly believe in patriot for the country I don't know all I see it as imperialism same thing as Brand Britania, you know they used to do they did India But we do across the country the whole state of the court and look what happened to them by the way look how that came around in bit of an E.S I don't know hang in there my friend keep your eyes open and stand with the bed 560560 pound five 60 on a AT and T and Verizon wireless line what's your take on a war protests Rassil on the arroggies dot com today 263 votes They're exercising their rights 138 people say that I support 100% say 92 I protest more Howard David in 95 55 people said that scared me It's moving up though there were a bunch of comedy pink O'assel's 53 people said that I'm one of those protests you say 17 use they run patriotic eight and they're bad from morale eight So it's still over 80% who are like going and I'll say hey protest all you want to your right At least as of today now Monday could be a different story when you're going around all your asses up W to Q a m No, yes, hey, love you show of course Please keep that stick off the air George that's a son of a bitch What is he son of a bitch? Okay? One of your favorite George one of your fans. Yeah, see one thing about George of course the same is true with me, but I think even greater Yeah, you know, I'm gonna do that pull one day next week Who do you feel more strongly about Either positively or negatively George Neil Mohour David did you see what I said? I'm talking about a radio people who do you feel more straw because the people out there They were like a bunch of who just hate you like poison. Yeah, oh, no, there are some who like you a lot But you know God is criminal don't you know I'm creating blasphemy by doing what by filling in for you. Oh Well, thank goodness for that especially when I've been sick By taking that Travis and aspirin You know, and I'm not taking the Botox into buttocks by the way I got caught yesterday I was intentions were good, but I'm not taking nothing up the Botox contrary to popular room around town Now we're gonna have to like really we better do that we better rush along if you part that expression Boy, you know what this is like today it's like handing over the audience to rush in anybody else here you go Yeah, unless then now we're gonna just hand the audience over to somebody else because we got a stupid exhibition baseball going on nice going Greg Why do you Will Food Monaco Not that I needed but I'm way too old I met the size of fear and death. It addressed with feet, learn my friend, and I'll just make up with you, there is something. And then, ask him to rape my bun. Oh, there is no more again. Though I would not feel for more spoon. No! And I would not be ashamed of, about a ginger and more gay union, just fold it and stroke it away. I die, I owe it to me, you're not my type. Yes, sound like a nine-year-old kid, a gay, only a much old menly guy. You don't know this! That makes me lift my weak. If ginger was a lover of mine, I'd bury my pelvis, baby, no. Outside is simply rewritten. Welcome! No, I would not be a squirt old. If I was not a closet of faith, that's why a ginger and more gay union would make me feel guilty in the day. The great follow my thousandth wills! If ginger and more gay union, that would make my sorrow fully as to faith. If we had a ginger and more gay union, then he wouldn't have to get me raped. It's 11.02 at 5.60. The station would big, gigantic balls done. We got big, fat, oozing balls, elephant balls to the QAM. I noticed coming to work this morning on a most billboard, and I guess on the other ones, I never noticed that. I didn't see any. I haven't paid no attention. I see them all the time. I saw the one on the turn pack. I saw the one on the turn pack. I see five billboards, which means one for each year. And of course, he's been here one year. He's got one. On his, on his billboard, which I see in the turn pack, I guess it is. And there's the logos of all the sports teams. I haven't put in you of them. Donna, how do you like that? We got big balls. And nobody's going to intimidate us. Except the course of certain people. WQAM. I thought you're pardon? Speaking, but I can barely hear you. Hey, what's up, Neil? How you doing? Hey, listen, I'm not going to watch you. That movie, bullshit, but keep the good thing, Junior. And also, how many fairies you took our fight again? WQAM. Hey, can I do the nail? Speaking. I'm listening to you, okay, and I hear you when you tell these guys for hanging there. What would you like me to tell them? I go back to the, you know, after the election. It's a hanging there. We got another one coming up. And they stupid asses. They don't change anything. They put a capter, a harris in there. You know, you're like a jab bush by a landslide. But I look, I mean, nothing. I can't hold it by the hand and take them. It's impossible. You know, they should do it. And you're right. But it is so freaking scary that the people just, you know, they got there, had the sand and they don't want to open their eyes and see what's really going on around it. And they use the same old tire tactics, oh, Bill McRide. He's going to raise your taxes to pay for that education thing, the classroom thing. And everybody, the people bite into that. And then, of course, as soon as the election is over, here's this lunatic that we call a governor. Wow, we're going to subvert it. It was, he already got caught on tape saying that thing. We're going to have the public rescind that classized thing. And now they're saying, well, you don't have to do that. It's not going to cost as much as we thought. The public just keeps shooting themselves in the feed. I think we got a bunch of massacres out there. They enjoy the punishment. I agree. And I'm listening to that, Michael Moore's book. Hey, I listen to a driving around on audio. Right. If people could just, if they don't want to have the time to read, if they just listen to the guy. Yeah. That's all they need. And that, that ought to fight a fire under their ass and get them to, thinking about this. Don't hurt, don't hurt your breath. Yeah, you're right. Listen, I appreciate the show. Okay. Thanks a lot. Five, six, I wish we could make a big difference. No, no, we won't. But at least we're having the opportunity to say something. And we're doing it. That's all it's a best you can do. And all we can. And it's one little tiny place on a crappy little station on the end of the dial with a signal. Bonny, and it sounds like it's coming through a strainer. But that's, that's the best we can do. At least we're trying to do something. WQAM? Yes, good morning, Neil. All right. That's me, okay. Yeah, there are no balls on your billboards. No, I know that. Yeah. Oh, you know, in the sports team, that's how you met like real ones. No, the sports team, no balls on that. Oh, but anyway, they're on YouTube. Make a difference, at least you make a difference in my day. And even the people who get in my camps from out of town, and I have brought my radio. Right. And people go, who's that? Yeah, is that? They asked me to turn it up. Because even, or like you say, all around the country, there isn't much of this going on. And it's just ridiculous. Because driving around all day, I just saw some more on with a bumper stick on the back was struck with a number three for Dale Earnhardt. And one, so I said, sore, loser man. This still riding around with these stupid bumper stick. Yeah, I saw some more on with one that even said, jammed for US Senate. Hey, at least they get them out of here anyway. Neil, keep on doing what you do, and at least you make some people think that. Thanks a lot, pal. See you. Did I say, pali? I shouldn't have said, pali. Hi, pali. Five, six, seven. Oh, five, 60. We're going to do the brakes early, because we got to, like, you know, yes. We're going to accelerate the hour, apologize for that. But we have nothing to do with this sub baseball crap. We'll use the time compression machine. Yeah, we're going to compress it. This tight as we can. And the hour two was that trust rat for the SSG. That's three times three strikes in your right, Troy. Tours are a favorite guy. He's the only guy. He's the pin for the light. He's all we got left in the sales department. In fact, we got to get try and that picture somewhere. We got to, like, take a demand. Dark magic marker and peace and money. Troy doesn't want on. He doesn't want to be associated with those assholes on that post right on Plaming. Because they're dropping like flies. There's John Pymus. He's gone. There's Adam Stomach. He's gone. There's Frank with a cigar. He's a, oh, he had to business on the street. He's gone. There's a Piny Lenny who's just gone. There's Brian Schmots has gone. All we got left from that to the, let's see, two forces eight nine. You got Adam was a good guy, but real quiet and get screwed over. You got Todd Rekhu, a lives up to his name and fat boy in Scoran. Mm-hmm. Ooh. You know something, I thought I smelled something here. Now look at over there with that picture. I see where it's coming from. Kind of smells like Roy. Seven past eleven at five sixty. Nobody QM I'll tell you. You fat people out there who are desperate to lose the weight. And we are. It's not easy. You know that. But here's a store that's there to try to help you do it. The lights are westboko. A superstar for Racken's diet is ready low carb sugar free diet. And they continue to add new low carb food products every day of your life. This month the lights introduce three new flavors of their low carb crunchy Racken chips and new low carb brownies by carb control and forward delicious flavors with only one carb perserting for a serving for all you brownie hounds. So whether it's the delicious carb or light ice cream, breads, muffins, cheesecakes, pasta, sauces, any of those six hundred low carb foods. The lights of westboko is the place that's crammed with all kinds of great snack and other good ideas to help you stay on the straight and narrow pan. And you can always try anything in the store before you buy it. They got a knowledgeable staff that knows atkins and low carb dieting inside and out. And they're open seven days away from 10 to 10. At the lights they carry the most complete line of Atkins brand products. They're always 25% off all day or be day. So unlike your supermarket which has just a few of these items in the store that they have to search for. Here's an entire store for people desperately trying to lose the weight. Atkins diet is rated number one in the universe. So head forward the number one low carb sugar free store around the lights of westboko. On the northeast quarter of Glades in 441 right next to Boston market. Or call toll free 1 8 7 7 low carb or check them out on the web if you like it low carb dot com. Don't forget there is only one delights of westboko. It's your official atkins retail center. We're supposed to be a 560. You a M. Hello there. Oh Sarah. Oh Jim. Oh Sarah. Hmm. Shouldn't we be using you know. Oh don't worry. I'm using the new sponge. Oh. Hmm. Hi guys. I just love these debt together. Don't you? Who's this? Um Jim. This is Bob. Nice to meet you Jim. Hey. I got a great idea. Let's play a game. We're here in a rupting something here. Then you're a bit of a bunch of bombs shown to be 95% effective as a method of birth control. Consult your doctor to see if sponge bomb is right for you. Well, time to get back to work. Oh, good one. You got you talking here. Bob. Yeah. Come on. It's after 11 at 560 WC. We're going to have to talk real fast. We're right along take about 5000 calls right because we got a very short time until the start of the day. We're going to have to talk about the number of numbers. We're going to have to talk about the number of numbers. We're going to have to talk about the number of numbers. We're going to have to talk about the number of numbers. We're going to have to talk about the number of numbers. We're going to have to talk about the number of numbers. We're going to have to talk about the number of numbers. We're going to have to talk about the number of numbers. We're going to have to talk about the number of numbers. We're going to have to talk about the number of numbers. We're going to have to talk about the number of numbers. We're going to have to talk about the number of numbers. Good morning, Neil. And back to you. You know, for since our inception, we've had political set tires. It really bugs me that the thing about Condolisa, you can't play that. Not that it's important at all. Right. Why is it now? We've had two generations of people so dumb with no historical reference that they have to accept the fact that you read it. You're sure that your shallow, one-dimensional, you can't have a mind of your own. Right. It just upsets a lot of me that this is what's going on. Read a history book. It's all about dumbing them up first and then taking over. I said a few years ago that I wanted to write a book called The Doming of American. I think I should have done it. It's happening. I'm your age and I have some historical reference. I'm not the brightest bulb in the sign, but if I can see it, it's got to be there. I love your show, Neil. Keep it up here. You're the only smart guy I'm ready for. That's what I always tell him. Okay. Thanks a lot, Bill. I'm the only smart guy I'm ready. Anybody believe me? No. Neither. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. You don't forget joined George Throne, noon to two. Bill, sidles Boulevard of Savings, enjoy free food from Griller's choice and Atlantic City subs and get there early because the people who work there are Bill, sidles like to hop up all the free food before the audience gets there. So get there really early and maybe there will be some of the few scraps left over for it. Maybe George will be there. He'll be going to scrap with him. Maybe some naked pictures from yesterday's Lifestyle's Convention. He said there were a lot of boobs that showed up there. WQIM? Hello? Yes sir. What's up sir? How you doing? We're talking about this war stuff, but a lot of people don't understand what's going on right here. And what is going on? A murderous emmanagement had to resign because Stevie Schriver, the day count manager, wanted them to lie and say that we were totally ready for a terrorist attack. Well, we're not. And don't forget about the latest scandal at the Air Force 2, but that's just a matter. I'm working here lines is about to file bankruptcy, which is one of the biggest employers in the account. Right. And then you know, think a pickinger was in bed with them to get them to make a hope down here. So you could have enough money to do all this crap over at MIA. And now it's like the commission has to swear in everybody because they don't trust anybody from the government. Mm-hmm. I mean, it's ridiculous. Well, at least I got something in kind of with them. Yeah, I don't try them. I don't know. And by the way, George, did you get your stuff? I got it. I got them holding onto it right now. He's smoking it right now. He's squeezing it real hard. That's for you, baby. I have one. Thanks, amigo. Now, what are those? Much of CDs. VCDs of a cartoon for my daughter. All right. Thank you, sir. George is thanking everybody much. That was down the only 18. That's the extra number of couple of points. Things are looking really good. I mean, as compared to like a catastrophe. But I have a feeling that if this work continues to go on long, you're right. If there are starting to see it's going to go on for months and months and months, I could be wrong. But I have a feeling that this whole investment thing, a lot of other people are going to wind up losing their ass. And when you learn, in fact, let's go back to that for a moment. Please, there's that screen. On how they're doing a spot. Damn it. But when you look like a JDS, you do face like 293 a share and the prices of some of these other highly touted stocks. Cisco, the greatest company in the world, shitter, all these other, you know, they're all in the cramper man. They're like 10, 11 bucks. Some ecosystems, like two, three bucks a share, whatever, how this. I forget I forget that palm, which I think they split it. I gave it like 85 shares for one. Maybe it was 85. Maybe it was not turned man. But still, I worth anything. A gigantic fraud. This is what's going on in the rest of the public were sitting back. A little bit like that. Whether it's Enron, whether it's global crossing, whoever the hell is all these tech stocks that were pilot crap. You know what? I'm going to do starting next week. I'm going to solicit on the air. I'm going to find me a good lawyer. And I'm going to get a bunch of my money back. I'm not going to wait for River anymore because he's a bad guy. You know, one of those good guy, but just, you know, talks a good game to do anything. I'm not going to, I'm just not going to stand for it. I'm going to sue and I'm going to get my money back. And I, you know, every time one of these ads comes on TV, if you were in, if you were a broker invested more than 25% of your portfolio in tech and you lost a $0. You know, I'm going to call these ambulantation bastards and get some of my money back. You go girl. I was raped in it. Mostly he was raped bad. I was raped in a lot worse. And we all know gang rape's not done. That's exactly right. Oh, I have a very low tolerance for a risk. And then you go in here in this guy. Wow, I doubled you down on this. And I'm doing that. But yeah, full crap. Okay. Practice. Yeah. Exactly. Of course it wasn't his money. It used to be mine. WQAM. Okay. Oh, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm sorry about that. I was expecting you to pick up so quick. Well, I'd like to pick it up real quick. The going. Great. I'm not going to kiss your ass or anything. I was going to go in. I'm going over right now. I love you. No, no. I'm not going for that. I love you. I'll listen to you all the time though. I just, uh, something you said yesterday though. I just wanted to take a little exception with. I'm not, I'm not in agreement really with you as far as the worst thing. I think I'm a little, uh, a little more. I consider myself a liberal, I'm most things. I'm not really an agreement. But you said something about, um, when you talk about how it's turned, how he's, um, peddling, uh, to the right. Well, I mean, all, my wife and let me just explain something. I don't listen to Howard so I don't know this for a fact. But we did have, we didn't have a facts that said that. And I've had other people tell me that that he's gone, gone, gone whole and behind bush and awards. So, if I'm wrong about that, then I'll retract it. But I'm, I'm not. He is pretty, uh, gone over. You've gone all about the war and he is. And he is, uh, I would say, you know, more, a pro wars and he has against it. But I mean, the president is standing. I mean, you can't, you can't discount it. But maybe he's just saying, what are you thinking? Because I could, like, I don't believe that you're panning, uh, to the liberal, but I didn't even understand what you're saying. I think you're saying what you believe. No, I'm, uh, if I were panning at liberals, I wouldn't be saying the Democratic Party sucks and there's a bunch of cowards, which I say all the time. It's true. I don't think you're panning. So just, I just want to say that I really, I really, don't believe that he's panning for the right or anything. But I think, I think the point that the facts he was trying to make, and I agreed with it then, and I still agree with it now, but he's sucking up to the very same people who would love to nothing better than to get him off the air and have been trying to hear him off the air for years. It's, I run, I mean, it is very ironic, you're right. Yeah. It is true. That's unfortunate that he can't see through that. Yeah, I don't know. I just don't think it's someone's mad, I'm just, you know, up to say, you can't just automatically say that they're panning for the right because, you know, hey, everyone's got the, and I have their own, uh, take on it. At least as of today, it's still allowed. Yeah. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. All right. Thanks. Yeah. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. 400, uh, what is it? 400 and 36 votes. The votes are pouring in. Most of us say we don't want to hear that Marlon game. We do, though, because this is a nice way to get out of here for a nice, extended weekend. It's a beautiful thing. Make like a couple hours extra on a weekend. I thought you were just joking yesterday when you said, volume at 1150. What? Well, I guess they figured, Montreal, the frogs up there might as well pay the game early. Nobody's going to show up anyway. In fact, I'm sure that it Montreal, those expos are going to have a huge crowd to see that very big exhibition game today. But third man. That's a very least. Oh, and I heard Mo this morning coming to work. I heard him talking about the graves of Schmitt can the skip carry and, uh, Pete Van Wierren, who's kind of boring. But they've put them over on the radio. And I, I hate to agree with Mo too much, but nevertheless, so he is right on that. I love skip carry. He's great. People all do people that watch a ball game if they have no interest in people watch teams play who have an interest in either in watching their team winner out and I'll see him get the ask him one or the other. And then of course, guilty man. You ran. I don't want to hear a home or he should just be out of it. Gelty, you're such a little suck hole. Okay? Which is one more reason we don't want guilty doing them Panther games next season. I'm off for Jigsman. Jigsmice. Do we don't want to see him get stabbed in the back, right? Sure. We'll just get him another one of those eye operations. So we can see whatever it is going on. In fact, when the Panther games this year, you don't want to see too much of what's going on. You sure don't miss too many goals. WQAM. Yes, sir. Speaking. Yes. I think that Amiket is inevitable and I believe that Jeremiah was a bullfrog Jeremiah 51. Do you know my was able, Frog? In fact, I think he croaked. Good friend of mine. 560560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Lama. Had a lot of good calls today. Already there's another one for you though. That was one of the better ones. WQAM. And now the end of Neil's contract is near. And so the listeners will face the final curtain. My listeners, he has set it clear. Moses closet queer of which Neil is certain. Yes. Neil's live. All right, that's for. He's traveled a world. And every highway. But more than this. Neil did it. He was way. All great. Neil had a few. Why? But that again. To put a mention. Neil did. What he had to do. Kick the competition's ass. Without exemption. Are you sure? Neil's planned each shot of course. Each careful step. Along the radio. But more. Much more than this. He did it his way. All right. Yes, there were high. I'm sure the listeners knew. When Neil bit off. More than he could shoot. Okay. But through. When there was doubt. Neil Rogers came to suffer. Neil made a hole in the up and spit it out. He faced the hole. And he stood tall. And it hit his way. Oh, my lord. He's made a clock. And why? He's had his fellow. His share of losing. But Tomu ran away. Now as we see him go. Our care subside. We found it all. We're so abusing. To think he did it. All right. And me I say. Not in a shy way. Oh, no. Oh, no, not Neil. He did it his way. Oh, no, no, no. What have we got? It's not himself. And he has not to say the things. Neil truly feels. And not the words of what he knows. What the record should all. Neil took the balls. And then it hits. When. Oh, that was incredible. Wow. Put that Richard Freeman is shame. You know what? This guy's going to be seeing the national anthem in the next 400 Panther games in Roll. You're in team. I got it here. I got one too. I think it's to see in the CBSI. There you go. See you never know. 25 past 11. We're going to go to show you. If you take about 40,000 calls, you'll have something to remember them by. Hey, Tom Layman and Joe Pareto got something for you to remember them by. And that's great deals. In fact, the folks at Halle Paniak want to remind you again, even though it's almost the end of the month. There's the beast for the way in, by the way, coming up momentarily. The Neil deal March madness. Say, let's still go in on Halle Paniak. That's the good news. And here's some examples for you. Neil, the number one. You pick out any new GMC or Paniak in stock at Halle. Like the 33 mile a gallon of five prices low as 13,0998. And get you 0% financing from up to 60 months. You heard right. 0% from up to 60 long amazing months. Neil, the number two, choose any new vehicle in stock and get you up to a $3,000 rebate. That is absolutely. Absolutely correct. Right. Get up to a $3,000 rebate on a new vehicle in stock at Halle Paniak GMC. And as always, Halle's got great Neil deals waiting for their unbeatable. On a fantastic selection of dependable, use cars, trucks, and SUVs. And a credit deal we always tell you about. It happens to be true. Even if a credit is weak, if it's marginal, if it's awful, they'll still cut you Neil some way at Halle Paniak. Don't forget it's another great set of Neil deals going on right now at Halle. This weekend because March is almost over. There are 134.166 E Highway that's US 1 across from the falls open every day. Seven days a week. If you want more information, call the Neil Dale Hotline. 1 Triple 8, 5344-411. That's 1 Triple 8, 5344-411. Don't forget all Neil deals are subject to credit. Approval CD-4 to Tails. Halle Paniak GMC, who'll be beyond a shadow of a doubt. Professional Grey. The White and Moves. This is the 215-6-9. You way am. Is funny. What's next? Dead Babies. Stairs my balls in the mirror. We should pass out, those are pit-takers. We're in the city. So we're in the city. Hey, go out to check the pace. Hey, go out to check the pace. The second Peter. He's here. He's here. He's here. He's here. So I'm passing the present of the razor. Hopefully I won't get saved. I'm going to have some real short segments here. But we got to end the ball game. We got to end the ball game. We got to end the ball game. We got to end the ball game. How many spots we got to get in between now and 10 of? About 30. WDQAM. Hello? Yes, sir. Meal. Yes. Meal. Was that guy alive? Was that member? That was incredible. Oh, God. I got it. Back to the end. I'm back to the Saturday night when I was 7 and a half minutes. But it was great. I just started tuning in on the old one. I started singing that. What's the story with you now? What's the deal with you? You really leave it now? Am I leaving now? I'm about 19 minutes. He's just getting ready for about 3 and a half years down the road. He's preparing for it. Well, Neil, whatever you do, I'll always miss you. Neil, if I never hear your voice again. Okay. Okay, thanks. Maybe I'll just poke on here today. Okay, that's the takes here. That segment. Well, seriously, it's my fault. But again, I handed all planned out my mind. But I wasn't going to cut that serenade off because he did such a magnificent job. And it was a privilege. Every time you thought he was done, you know, score score, he just kept moving right along. 1132 at 5.60 WQM. How did he grade place for this weekend? Pomp and O'Park, open for Ray Live harness racing four nights a week. Every Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday. First post time, including the night, 715 PM. As always, free general parking free admission every afternoon and night. Don't forget every Monday at Pomp and O'Park. There's Monday, madness going on. Monday, that's Pomp and O'Park offers two for $25. Full course dinner specials in their lavish top of the park restaurant. Every Wednesday is dollar night. You can draft beer hot dog soda, large press over popcorn. Only a bucket piece on Wednesdays. There's a great idea. You can eat buffet in the fork for players launch for just $10.95 per person every racing night. Saturday tomorrow, March 29th, is family fun. It's a track bring out the kids for free mini horse rides and to meet the newest mini full Apollo. And don't forget, Big 9 coming up a week from this Monday. Monday, Monday, Monday, my favorite events in the world. I'm so glad I can be here to enjoy it. Monday April 7th will be the last free spaghetti dinner out of the season at Pomp and O'Park. And I'm sure that all the snores, I mean, all the wonderful folks from win more and cemetery village and all surrounding areas will be invading the track. Monday April 7th for the free spaghetti dinner night. And don't forget, Pomp and O'Park also has full card, Simon Casting, Daily Starting a Dune from tracks all over North America, Highly Harness and Thurbrit as well. Pomp and O'Park Monday Wednesday Friday and Saturday, post time 715 for all the action great live harness racing tonight on Powerline Road, a block-side of Atlantic Boulevard, Plunge your brains out tonight at Pomp and O'Park. My life in local, we're sports radio 560s, you and you, say see you in the end Premium hey Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Oh, no. O, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, no-oh, oh, oh,, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, Looking for would be the most famous Wang Dao the world we wanted to pure the world we four we made him Home over these Don't get married Home over has to don't burn me Home over has to don't burn me So come to find out that we've Jeff the highest neighbor Dave Okay, who are you that tremendous sir and a ghost of proof not everybody's all bad, you know? By the way Dave. Hi, I'm Pally. And the number two the beast weighed in and the van knows there's no change to 27 no change But he admitted that they took him out to a some I don't know some place. I'm joint. Yeah, got space. He smoked it and he got hungry. No, I'm not talking about that. He was in another one some crew. Oh, no more excuses actually. Now that I'm back here okay, beast if that's gave us in down next week Oh, I put his ass back on emotional. How do you like that for punishment? I'll fake worse than death I I again apologize for the Format who in his last hour, but this is all you know, let's blame clear and see's not here today anyway Right right the log is like all backed up like a cheap toilet Clarence as well and of course don't mess her. No, she told me that's his fault. Oh, yes WQAM Hi, I like to see can you speaking hi, Neil listen you need to stop talking when I'm trying to call You're like, you're like, you're right Just give me the high sign. Let me know when it is listen Go ahead. I need you. I need you to move in with me. No until this war is over so you so you can you know in parts of intelligence on this man that I'm married to Yeah, that if this marriage survives this war will be able to survive anything because we're on too completely opposite sides of the spec I heard her rumor about him. He's an asshole. That's what I heard. Exactly. And I tell him every day But what's so sad is that basically the majority of your listeners are on your side right and so it's kind of like you're preaching to the choir Because all the assholes are listening to rush and then shnit Nobody in the listen. I mean everybody they're preaching to their own choir too, but the fact of the matter is somebody's got to say it I'm not sitting here naive enough to believe I'm going to change the world or change any ten block radius in South Florida But you know at least we're spouting it out there and people can digest it or puke it or whatever they want with it It's got to be said I love it. I can't be like a bunch of minor birds. Yeah, he can turn it around to make me you know something like I'm an idiot because I kind of you know I think like you and when I listen to you you just kind of just telling one very simple thing. Okay Sodom who's saying and the Iraqis did not invade this country. They were not respected nothing to do with 9 11 That's it. That's the end of the discussion. There doesn't need to be anything. I'll send and nobody and I ran cuz asked for help Right, that's correct. Why are we there? I'm not getting the whole thing and you know I'm a little bit Part of it's part of our master plan. I'm a liberal idiot according to him and he loves you and I'm like oh, so you're telling me I would cut him off real fast Fast and you would say and your mama anyways. I love it keep it up because you you you know you're just tell it like The majority of us feel thanks. We don't so have a good weekend You too, bye. See there you go. She's upset cuz she's got some bozo there But he's probably you know, a hungback a moose or maybe you know maybe looks pretty good. Maybe pays the bills And maybe he pays the bills. Maybe he's got a lot of money like the beast of beast comes from big money by the way So next time we do one of those contest and she was in a too bad that the young lady that he wound up with that day with the beast Better and he is here. We worry we have a little faith thinking oh hey, we're never going to give a date Hey, we were largely responsible at least that's my story He owes us big time. Maybe you'll share some of that great childhood us not me not this kid Am I eating this kind of you know this ain't gonna be no food in here while I'm here that you're sack no Huh starting tomorrow they bring him in fact There's the menus right up there to all me forget don't forget to take a break. I'm going to do that right now Backstarts house end of a corner here, but that's okay because Dave the serenator there Where was it where was it with the press and it kills him great time 18 till noon at five sixty W. K. I'm still reluctant about ordering a bed over the phone don't be it's the smart thing to do be smart I like Fredo be smart pick up the instrument and call 1 800 mattress over million people have done it including me and lot of us 1 800 mA T T R s that's all you have to do when you be talking to somebody that really knows they're betting stuff inside and out And you can choose from the top manufacturers in the world silly service and King Coral Dalama Chris carries only the best of what's everyone you're looking for they got it in stock ready for just about immediate delivery every size and Sound on the sun down on mattress is right number one a customer status fashion They got more repeat and referral customers than anybody in the universe because they know how to treat their customers right once you buy from Dalama Chris just the first time you'll never dream ago and back and wasting your time on a sure remedy bedding We department store again and don't forget when you do buy the mattress and Dalama Chris They set up the brand new one and take away your crappy old soil bedding for free you heard me right Dalama Chris sets up the new one takes away the old bedding for free So make the call right now and you're a great night sleep tonight next sockets and for years to come from Dalama Chris 1 800 mA T T R s that's 1 800 mattress be sure and tell that Neil and fat boy and neighbor Dave To the country Hello I Have tonight on inside the behind the true honey with celebrity music biography profile story We take a good harness stiff look in the startup He sang a stirring bow at called holding back the years which was about I have no idea He was simply red His voice was beautiful But how do you hold back years anyway? Gavin pitcher is one of those guys from some half-assed entertainment magazine who ends up being interviewed Well we can't find anyone famous to say anything and what is that thing where he goes? Strangled by the wish nicks and beta or whatever He's just deliberately confusing but simply red front man Nick Hucknow defences interpretation of the song look It's very simple holding back the years thinking of the fear I've had so long when somebody hears Listen to the fear that's gone right what does that mean? Well, isn't it obvious it's Now do you see I didn't hear you you turned on the blender what? And never mind what about when you sing chance for me escape from all I've known nothing had the chance to be good Nothing ever could come on isn't it crystal clear that I'm actually saying Don't you get it high who keeps a bloody jackhammer in their cupboard simply red one big hit dozens of dumbass words It's a big juicy stopping when looking show business tonight on inside the behind Wait All right, that's gonna do pretty much we've had some more to the exhibition escape of the expose coming up anybody interested Oh any Don't forget Opening day on Monday any interest 500 one post on a pool what's your take On the war protesters They're exercising they're right 179. I support him 100% 127 you're a bunch of comedy think a lot of soul 75 I protestable Howard David in 67. I'm on the 24 protesters that is They're bad for Super Raleigh 17 and they're up patriotic 13 You