Why do you question? In sight-club video films proudly present. Easter, around this big blue marble we call, her, here in North America, children await a visit from the Easter Bunny, while in San Francisco, Gaeli Dres, and Colour Co. What a native celebrity. Hyde Derex, where you'd never think to look, giving no meaning to the boring like rabbits. In India, more undestined money is actually an emissated five foot cow, who delivers basket spilled with pastelinson famine, while blaming it on the thermonuclear aspirations of those rented Pakistanis. Or we're in Iran, these two-body known as Tajid Magic Bunny, who clears the fields of mines before the spring planting. Oh, a rabbit's foot. In North Korea, Peter Cattendale, known only as Kim Jiwan, is sometimes mistaken. There are four four, as he comes up, up and down the bunny trail, meanwhile, in sweltering Africa, children visit the zoo, to touch goodies at, e-bootoo, the Easter chimps, believing who never is it by what e-bootoo throws back at them. We'll have good luck all year. So there you have it, whether you will even the Easter Bunny, e-bootoo the Easter chimps, or Moandas, or the Easter Easter cow, see the magic of Easter be yours, as you enjoy this special holiday around the world. There will be precious can be a loises Easter chimps, which George didn't watch yesterday, but he said, we'll get with it. I watched one on the fourth in July last night. Well, that was depressing. Great. But it was very depressing, especially in the timing was perfect. It was good that I put it up until right now. Because when it points out, and just perfectly, is the way that everything gets sanitized, and especially now, the median, but they did the same thing in the early days of Vietnam, they sanitized it all. Everything is just a list of names and statistics. Was it like this? I mean, was it this efficient, this perfect? Oh yeah. And it was easier to do it, because they didn't have any embedded journalists, they didn't have any of the Southern crap. You didn't buy axons and see any of the fallout, because we didn't have the technology back then. We didn't have that great instant satellite technology. So it was only years later, after all the protests started building and building and building that we started to get the pictures back. We filmed footage of all the naked, just uploaded, wrote a little message, images, little children, and a women, all the other stuff that was going on. But at any rate, thousands had died that by the way protesting, so these are the biggest protests in SWDW2 against what they call foreign occupation. I just mentioned that in passing, because the big news right now, of course, that all those channels are operating breathlessly. Here on to Friday is the new pictures of a clown Sodom. Yeah. Abu Dhabi TV had the original pictures, and, of course, all the other, I bet you're right now, as I speak. Let me turn over to CNN, I bet you're saying that. We got the press briefing. We got the propaganda briefing. But they all headed on there from Abu Dhabi TV, supposedly April 9, which is what a week you'll Wednesday. And there was a Sodom, and even Kuse, one of the sons that were operating around in one of the parts of the city. Kuse, not Puse, Puse, Puse and Hussain. And they were like doing their thing, and everybody's all all the after-check this out again. I wouldn't be surprised just like Sandy Claus, if they have a different Sodom on a major street corner by the end of the month. Just to be, if and with us, you know what I mean? We have to with them, and other, if and back with us. Speaking of that, let me give the plug for our good close personal friend. What's his name? Ojo Resolute, Rothoff is a plight. Let's see, the Greater Hollywood Chamber of Commerce invites you to Expo Al Fresco. Hello, Jo used to be a better friend when it was before we started talking about my mayor, Marguelante, and how she's not so bad. Your full of craft, Jo, your good guy, but your full of craft. He's got to say that. He's with the chief. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. You know, he's just another one of his political, uh, liquor's, hot liquor's. The Great Hollywood Chamber of Commerce invites you to Expo Al Fresco 2003, Hollywood's Ottoman networking party and food tasting of Stamaganza, Wednesday, April 30th between 5 and 830 in a PM. One admission price includes gourmet food tasting, beverages, entertainment, snow tobacco and ride in Hollywood's biggest trade fair. I bet you there'll be beverages and more. And then some beverages and more. Harrison Street, east of Dixie Highway, downtown Hollywood, where to take place, advanced ticket price 10 bucks, 15 bucks to the gate, kids under eight free. And a portion of the proceeds will benefit the Broward Outreach Center. If you want more information and tickets and all the other good stuff called 954, 9234,000, there'll be all kinds of great food from all kinds of great places, including amazing chocolates at landing cities, subs, David Bustas, Danny Donuts, Grayson Jax, Old Boston seafood, Hollywood, Jerusalem Pizza, and lots more. Oh, speaking to that. Oh, yeah, that's right. Did you get your Montza Pizza? Have you paid so far? From all our good post personal friends at the pizza law. They got the Montza Pizza, the Montza, the Montza Christa. It's been time for food Friday. The WWE George W. Bush was our full yesterday stands for. And we had our usual sensational response. 1372 votes. Wonderful. 168 12.2 percent now. Of course, the Bushlookers would say, see, wonderful was the first choice. But only 12.2 percent. In fact, if you add together the three positive W. is in their no whole list, it comes out to like about 13 percent. Which leaves 87 percent at something cost to say about our fearless leader. Wonderful. 168. We tarded 158. I love it. He's a little bit tarden. Workless 151. Warmonger 128. What me worry, 111 with apologies to Alfredi. Want to be dictator 71. Weasel 59. Whittless 44. As in weapons of mass destruction 43. Whittless 44. Whittless 44. Whittless 43. Whittless 45. Whittless 35. Whittless 35. Whittless 35. Whittless 35. Whittless with a WWE 31. Whasted in vermong 29. Vermonger put a lot more votes if they knew what to meant. I think it was a significance. But they don't get it. Plus we don't have too many choice and so forth. What did I just say? Vermonger. Vermonger. Whasted 29. Whittless 26. Whank 24. Whanks. Whack 21. Wretched 21. Whop 18. Wrong to were 17. Weiner 14. Whicket 14. What? What 13. For 13. What? He started out with one. I said 13. Whom 7. World beater 6. Whopful 6. Whitey 5. And rattle 3. That's not too positive there in this crowd. And of course they immediately response to the bush like there's a beat. Well, you've changed all of the bush fans away. Good. Bye. Bye. You know where to, you know, Dr. Lauren Rush. And of course our good post personal ex friend. Are you sure? Oh, that's right. There's a great, uh, oh, I got to play that. Where the hell is it? What? This. Oh, we have the oil fields scattered with the pipeline. How to get started. And you know, that's not it. That's something I've did. Clear the kettle once you to show your support in our rally for packs of America. We'll be scheduling one in your town, too. So call your local clear channel on the corner and shine up now. All 50 of you will be supplied with our handheld patriotic signs of a. And we'll be invited to enjoy our Texas style cricket barbecue. While flipping off liberal descenters, the festivity will be kept off with a community book burning bar and fire. All you have to remember is March, probably in Mach Dam and don't think your eyes. Hey, what? You blink your eyes. Be a patriot, not a little book reader. The talented film Henry was once one of the. So we took him downstairs to the quiet room. Where the door and I was driving this through Henry? I was a nice guy myself once. Yeah. Or had my share of liberal views in the past. And I found out Mr. Henry that's the world is a school of business. Are you sure there is no need for free thought or create him? Yeah, but let me say something for some reason. There is only a need for clear channel, general electric, Halibarton, Vick-Tell, Amaco, Chevron and Shell. Okay. For now on Mr. Henry. Yeah. You will make all you a perverted character's liberal descenters. Okay, because Mr. Henry, you're a radio dummy. All right. All right. I had a play. Oh, I hadn't heard it. Yeah, I didn't hear that yet. No, I didn't. I need to collect the play that. Are you sure? George has got a big weekend coming up because he easily can't. Especially to make up for getting screwed over Treasure Island last week. Yeah. I was trying to get screwed at Treasure Island, but last week he just got screwed over. Join George today to the four right after the show at Fort Lauderdale Harley on Federal Highway just off the Oakland Park Boulevard. Stop by to win some free cramp. And enjoy free food from Atlantic City. Subway the bread makes the difference and Irish as well. And of course we know how to have a scottity away. Don't worry about that. Two to four for Lauderdale Harley this afternoon on Federal Highway. Just south of Oakland Park Boulevard. George will be there. You can come and make faces at him. And then tomorrow noon to two. George will be out at Bill's Signals Boulevard of Savings on Northwest 36th Street. Just west of 27th Avenue in Miami. You'll have some more of our usual very low budget QM prizes. But also more Atlantic City subs. Get there very early because the people at work will. They don't have a lot of money. They don't have a lot of money. So that's a rare treat for them. They don't have it. Let me see the subs in the day count. I want to pay. I make sure that I don't get there until all your good post personal friends show up. And of course tomorrow be in Saturday and the middle of the holiday weekend. I guarantee. Oh yeah. The holiday buddies will be there. The guy with the eyes will be there. And the guy with a fanny pack. He can't get a ride down the way. He can't get a ride down the way. He can't get a ride down the Miami. The guy with the eyes. Maybe John Leather can drive him. Why does Chris get a ride down the way? Why does Chris sign over Cheney's suit? Oh no. Come on. Not on a holiday weekend. A federal appeals court yesterday questioned the Bush of administrations request to stop a lawsuit delving a device person in Dick Cheney's contracts with energy industry executive and lobbyists. Appeals judges Harry Edwards and David Tatell suggested the White House had no legal basis for asking him to block a lower court judge from letting the case proceed. The Bush administration took the unusual step, becoming the US Circuit Court of Appeals in the midst of the case. US District Judge Emmett Sullivan is ruled out to see her club and judicial watch may be in tabloid limited amount of information about the meetings Cheney and his age had with the energy industry and formulating the White House's energy plan. The plan adopted four months after President Bush took office favored opening our public plans to oil and gas drilling and a wide range of other steps backed by the industry. Among the industry executives that Cheney energy task force has announced meeting with work former Enron chief executive, Kane Lea, Kenny Boy. The stench of common or man is coming from all of that deal, but they don't want to tell us about it. Can't imagine why can you? No. We're going to kind of inform the show today and really inform because nobody's working today. Apparently, I mean, on a year people may dog will be on in the Humper in 80 tonight, but other than that, the office staff is all they all got religion today. They all became for a business and going. They're all professional Catholics. That's why it's a good Friday for them. That's what it is. And of course, they're also celebrating a little bit of the midst of the pace of when surprise me and all the probably out there. I had so much of all soup yesterday. I don't know. I'm not a passover. And when I went into my deli, she said, she gave me the usual menu. She said, would you like a passover menu? I said, no. A passover menu. Yeah. She said, how would you like these SARS special menu? There's extra stuff on the Passover menu. She said, once you eat from that menu, it's a lot of extra totally. You had a terrible meal. Lots of balls soup. I did. You eat all that. Oh, about 190.5, 190.5. On the scale this morning, which doesn't lie, digital. We'll see how to beast as when he comes in. On this day, we're going to honor my weight, my two-pound weight loss and honor of Dr. Bob, who died yesterday. Dr. Bob, can you hear about that? No. Dr. Bob, bye. If anybody else calls in and tells us that Dr. Wackens died, we will personally come to your home. And give you a new steel bullet gun. Yeah. You'll just wither away in no time at all. I'm 14 already at 560 WQA. If you have $2,000 more on a credit card, I want you to listen to your ear very close to the radio and crank that baby up. Dedicated consumer counseling can help you. It'll cost you nothing. Dedicated is a non-profit committee. It'll contact the company's U.L. Money 2. And then I can cut your payments in half. Call 1-800-4-NO-DET. Dedicated will help you interest rate eliminate late fees and save your credit and will cost you nothing. The bank pays Dedicated so you pay zero. If you're tired of battling credit card debt, call Dedicated today 1-800-4-NO-DET. Call and find out how dedicated can help you out. You have nothing to lose if just had it with credit card debt high interest rates and late fees. These are the people you ought to be talking to. Dedicated consumer counseling. Give them a try. I'll handle all the things for you. Call Dedicated right now at 1-800-4-NO-DET and don't forget to cost you absolutely positively nothing. Call 1-800-4-NO-DET for Dedicated Consumer Counselor. My life and love. This is sports-reel-5-60. Way to way, M. Have the station pay so. Welcome back to the home of the dawn. About Felix Leader's glorious victory. Will be attacking us again. You mean the big statue? Don't you ever, ever contradict the good intentions of our government. Wow! The former the gravity of York is all in a kind of that guy's seat. Why the last thing to affect him so was a damn behind the wheel of that plane. I thought it was a sortie. Oh, the sortie, eh. Why you left this company to go fan-out? Well, have you known that guy's like Hitler? Take it from me. I'm a survivor, you know. But my dancing train, you can't hear? Yeah, but that was no game show. How do you survive that? I was, eh. It was a gullalad. It's Sunday, recommendable. Oh, what? Well, I was, eh. It was me and my Harry Flies' grandfather. And we had to, eh. Now, remember it like it was yesterday today. It was 1942. Tell us how about we see you now. Yes, thanks. Yeah, hi, ladies. I'll just... Thank you. I'll bowl my, hi, hi, come on down to Dittitus. Where is Fliesa? Well, he went on to the covers to turn in more than the certain jewels. Very well, then. And what information have you for me today? Oh, I got a Rosenblatt, eh. That guy there's a jewel. You can have him. And that low-instained broad, eh. There's one for you. And now, my happy snack now. I use it to wipe my boots. Oh, well, that's... What's your efforts? We're not going to re-watt it. The flower is pleased with your collaboration. And he will be visiting this office once he concludes his meeting with Restan Bush. I don't know about you, but I use his meat and the vegetables. Ah, ah, ah! I didn't... I didn't mind your recipe. There, right off. What do you know? What do you say? He's a gigantic old guy. He says you have a nice bath. Who's tired of anything? No, he wants you to bend over. He must be here. Who's he here? Who's he here? Who's he here? Who's he here? I'll be the best one. Who's he here? Who's he here? Who's he here? Who's he here? That thing is when the judge came at me. I wonder if it all uses meat tender as you run mo? Nine nineteen at five sixty is a special Easter a good Friday treat. We have March 24th, 1964 New York Rangers at the Toronto Maple Leafs in lieu of our show today. He's hit by a sack. Real hard to bond. Would you like to just not play the audio from this hockey game? Oh, please. We're getting an off-house inspect down the 80s. They're going to hang your zone. I think it'd be a good idea. Bill, he would. And then of course we could also play some of the highlights from a racing warehouse This racing from. What is the metal lands? All you got to know is Jackie Moe. I guess we won't do that. It's a possibility though. I just feel like we're always getting screwed on these days. You know? Because everybody else takes off the party. A lot of them. It's a big must-men's holiday. Malfour don't do a damn thing anyway. Takes off. Oh, well, it comes in yesterday to give us a tearful goodbye for a few days. He'll be back on Tuesday. Yeah. Who's day? I already want to tell you what's going on in the other room with a log and all there's a red and yellow on the yodel log and he's got nobody to talk to about it. Why is that? Because everybody's gone. Yeah. What's happening with it? Some spots are not there. Some are out of date. We don't know whether we should play them or not. Hey, don't start making trouble now. Okay. It's the QAMF in way. That's just the way we do things. Yeah. We're right. This is the earnings we might lose. Like I said, let's put on a hockey game. And collateral. Here's the appell for today. This is a tough one. You're right. And the only reason that such a serious pull is because you're followed. Yeah. Because you got me to watch said, born on July DVD last night, which I'm glad I did. Great job by Tom Cruise in that too. I was back before it became my wife. Right. Every thing I'm out of breath is now. Just a bit. What was the worst champion American history is the pull today. And I've got, let's see, two, four, six, eight, ten, and a dozen good choices. Slavery. Oh, it's already up there. Slavery's got six. Slavery Civil War, depression. World War I, World War II. Assassinations of the 60s, JFK, Martin Luther King and RFK. Watergate. Vietnam. Gulf War I. The 2000 presidential election. The attack on Iraq or Monica Gate. I would call a penis gate, but Tom Cruise is mom. And four, the July election. So it's called tape penis. And they search cream and out. You wrecked a big erect penis. I'm like that. He's got screaming out there. And she's just having an earthquake. Especially I'm good Friday don't say penis, whatever you do. Okay. Go say it. It's when you look at it. That's supposed to have meat. Because that's what the Catholic Church is all about after all is. Anyway, what was the worst champion American history was going to be on Eurogis.com and it's up to you. It won't be an easy choice. What the hell did I vote for? I don't even know which one I vote. I'm not a trouble denagnized. I think I voted for the assassinations. By the way, the assassination of the 60s, there is no doubt in my mind. Now we're all done by the military industrial establishment. Okay. Oh yeah, because the first of all the candidates were going to change the status quo. And of course, Martin Luther King rewem to change the racist institution of the American government. And they didn't fly too well for those folks. It interfered squittable or plans like Tessio said. Squeeze up all my plans. The worst champion of American history slavery civil war depression, WW1, WW2, assassination of the 60s, JFK, MLK, RFK, Watergate, Vietnam, Gulf War I, 2000 presidential election, the attack on Iraq or monika gate, known in some circles as penis gate. In some circles. Anyway, we kind of glossed over and I think it's really bad. We ought to have a lot of calls today from Atkins people. Don't you think? Sure, they just had a story. And you mean the Sodom and the Goosey were running? No. Oh no. Why did they keep, well, I already know. And you people in the media, by the way, I want to, is that interesting? All of these great bedtime stories that we have on our website, and that we get to read thank goodness, because we still have freedom of the press. In the print media, that's where you find them. In the American electronic media, forget about it. You won't see it. And you want to know why? Because the FCC has no power over the print media. They don't regulate the print media. They don't license or regulate the New York Times. It was an imposed or any of the websites, especially on the internet. They have no control over them. Yes. As opposed to the broadcast media, what, wow, you better do what's right. Because, you know, Michael Powell is doing this. And Michael Powell is doing that. And if you want to have a control of the entire media, you better be nice to us. You better be as much fox like as you possibly can. So that's a big difference. That's why if you really want to, through a go to the internet, go to our website or a bunch of other good websites, and start doing a little bit of reading, because you sure is how we'll get it on television. You're in here that right now. You might get some replays of some old hockey games. I'll let you go for that face up. Come on, let's just put the whole thing on it. What do you say? Take a little day off. Get the spot in. I think that's good for the, what's good for the goose is good for the gander. You say that as if it's a foregone conclusion. We're going to get the spot in. Why do you mean by that? Because there's no one to consult with about that. Listen, we'll do the best we can. That's all we can do. Don't worry about them. They have no clue what's going on. The sales, the people, they just, they've just, they've just gotten it with a cash, okay? Maybe they were over and back then seeing all the stuff out of the museum. I have no idea, but they sure as hell aren't to do in their job. All I got that was just leave town the first day I'm gone. Or right away, they said like a bunch of little rats. Start playing their games in Scroan. Of course, she still passed out under her desk. They're trying to scrape her. They're trying to get the roto, we're going to get him there. Scraper ratched off of there. We're just to scrape her ass. Maybe Elie and Arroz played in Scraper raced. Someone at the soap made from juice. Anyway, dive guru, Atkins dead at 72. And they had the quite a bit of stuff on him yesterday. Here, and I never really thought about it that much. But it's true because he was a good guy, but he was boring. He was not everybody can have a great personality. But he was kind of a boring guy. But the fact of the matter is he had big balls. That's the thing. And all of those 30 years that he had his diet plan, his concept going of low carb. He took nothing but crap. I mean, this guy took more crap than we do. Right. Just on and on, the so-called medical establishment. And you see, by the way, walking around all over America, the great job of the medical establishment is doing. He's everybody in real good shape. Especially at 2 AM. We're like the postage out of American fat. So we really did take a lot of crap. And then, of course, his time went on. And even recently, I guess if there's anything positive to say that is before he died, at least he was vindicated to a large degree. But he studies that came out in last year. And I said, guess what? Not only do you lose more weight on the Atkins on the low carb diet, but also your cholesterol and your blood, your blood, the lipids go down. They get better, your trackless rise, your cholesterol. How about that? Yeah. Because he poo-pooed the establishment this whole concept about, wow, you've got to eat pasta and rice and bread and vegetable. Well, of course, pasta and rice and bread. That's pure refined carbohydrates. Make your blood sugar skyrocket and makes you PhD. But the parent that says, Can go ahead, took away from him. Boy, they're going to take away from him. She's talking about good Friday again. 26 past nine at five 60 WQM and our really great day. The staff is out. The log is screwed up and it's just the way we like it. A QA. We'll excited about it. Moal, myster pretty weak show this morning, Mo. And seriously, give him a clock. Why is he running over every day? Is the clock in there like a screwed up? Robert insists we're off, even though. I hate to break the news to you, Robert. I go by the city post digital clock here. It's connected to the world of time at clock. And when I tell you it's nine o'clock on a, it's nine o'clock. And for business, I gave Carlos one of those watches that update itself with the atomic clock by right light. So he's right if no one else is. I'll tell you what time it is exactly right now. Okay. It is nine twenty seven seventeen. That's what he's got exactly to the sign twenty seven. And there's no doubt about it. I'm looking at the digital readout here on city post twenty four. They don't make mistakes. And of course, Robert being that hard ass little suffating right wing. You know, stick to the politics. Okay, stick your right wing politics. We'll take care of the time. Okay. Stick to time magazine. We'll take care of the real time. You silly person you. Maybe he'd like to look with George Will. I think they'd have a great time again. Wait a good one. Well, ball game. Twenty seven past nine is five sixty WCM. Here's something that's great. All the momentum still waiting by the way. Skippy. I try to skip these. I left him a note. Yeah, leave my note. I want some more. All you meant for blood pressure. Yesterday. All you meant soft. More and more people are catching out of this. All you might contain. Pharmaceutical rate olive oil. The best. The best is on the globe. It's super concentrated. Lodered with health benefits. All you meant to read it can up produce the risk of heart disease. High cholesterol. Plus there are 14 different. All you meant for millis from which to choose. Each one combining the finest olive oil that you can buy. With vitamins, minerals and herbal. To support specific needs from your bones. Your blood pressure. To your immune system and on and on the list goes. In fact, now there are three new. All you meant for millis. One to help you sleep. One to help you control that disgusting. Grow test unhealthy weight. And cook you 10 mighty mighty important for your pulse and your heart. You'll find oleumetic. Public's. Echryd's Walgreens. Whole food markets and a bar was in Cidano's. Order it online. If you like it. Oleumetamercad.com. Or if you like the ad more information about any of their products. You're all of them. If you prefer. Just call them. Cool for. You ask any questions. You may have. Call 1. 866. That's 1. 866. 655. 666. 3. 666. 666. 666. 766. 866. Where of exploding bars? The liver maximum performance to your inches. With a revico's new type O formula. Especially refined by Haliburton. A revico type O contains depleted uranium. To prevent the deep red ooze from collagulating your fuel system. And helps filter out the teeth and bone from clogging your injectors. Adding more horsepower to your SUV. Even regular cars that are sending with rules still choose to drive. So are you happy now? Villa with a rather cold type O. And fly the flag proudly. You can expect more from a rabbit hole. And you get it. When you put it in jail in your tank. But in he was passed by the first over mover bus fee bomber. How you a dude out there? Spring's out from the pocket trip. And switch plate is coming through. In between horses. We are wide for nuclear sun, bus speed bomber. To a heavy drive. I want some racing from Ohog George. Okay. I'm off for it. And it's going to be the pull question. What would you rather hear the rest of the day? Racing from last night's Mohawk or Leaps and Arangers 1964. Anyway, what do we got here? 24 votes for slavery already. 12 for the 2000 presidential election that was stolen very clearly. See what really pisses me off most about the media. Is because they sanitize. I mean, it's grow. They have the ability to really show us these images. But you notice on the American electronic media. They don't want us to see them. And rum's filled in his crowd. They definitely don't want us to see them because that would be really bad. You know, is that the best they can show us. One of they show us something good else. Yeah. Show us how. Such a pile of crap. And I'm going to say it again. You people need electronic media just about all of you. Got to hang your heads and shame your disgrace. And they had a peace last night. The guy in the, they had a roundtable about the media in a way that covered us was on the CBC. How much have we to tape it? Because the one reported they had over there who was one of the several. He was talking about the fact that he was not embedded. And that at the Kuwait Kuwait city, whatever could have led him in there for a lot of money. Because the Americans naturally have to liberating Kuwait. The Americans are the ones that were calling the shots. So they didn't want to let him in there in the beginning. He had a leg sneak his own way in. But he talked about how the embedded thing was a total failure. Because these people were being protected by these 19 and 20-year-old kids. So naturally they owed their lives to them. And they only reported whatever the hell was politically correct. They weren't going to pee on anybody's parade because it lives dependent on them. And so we got this jaded view of everything that was going on. And basically that was it. Although the goodness is we got Kusei and Saddam over there on every street corner. It's a little suspicious when there were four different street corners at the same time. Yeah. We're starting to wonder about that. Maybe even a Pentagon, all those great things tanks over there. Some of those people that don't look kosher to me. Oh, Shena Saddam. Kosher probably wasn't appropriate word. Let's take a few calls here today. They're ringing off the hook. WQIM. George. Yes. Hey. You left the slaughter of the American Indians off the list. Okay. I think I should be on the list. Okay. Thanks. Thanks. We'll take it. Well, we probably especially ought to do that. I'll call up Jeff to force you with Jeff says. See what he owes us about now. Huh? I'm just kidding. He owes okay. If big improvement over where we got there now. Pop had Janko. Look what we got in the morning. Look what we got for a leading. I wouldn't wish I a leading on Hitler. What do you think slaughter of the Indians? Yeah, sure. I mean, it was awful. What about the red socks? Red skins. Oh, and I don't start that. Oh, the red skin. Oh, and we're going to get your ass down. I'll let you into Bingo anymore. Chiefs. Let's go over there and spin the field this weekend. What do you say? I'll even fly down for that. Let's all go over and spin the field. Are you weren't at that thing? Yes, I was. Were you? Yes, I was. Were the youngest people there that day? You were the youngest person there. They said, are you guys old enough to be in here? My margin. And then I brought out. I had I borrowed most bang for that. Come on. He saw his bang. Oh, and which reminds me of some of those scenes in board on the fourth of July, which I don't want to discuss. You're the ones I'm talking about. Oh, the bed pants. Oh, brother. Oh, brother, what the hell went on over there? And of course, like I said, it was just a body count. Yeah. They didn't give us honest body counts. And even afterward, and we talk about, well, 58,000 kids came back in body back. You know, something? Those, the ones who came back in body bags were hell of a lot better off than ones who came back in other form. That's the perfect shade. But those were the lucky ones. Yeah. 58,000. I grew up. I went to high school in Little Town of St. New York, Canada Day, when New York, the population then. For our graduate in 1960, 1960, the population was 10,000 people. 43 years ago. The population is still about 10,000 people. It's not a place that tourists like going and go rushing to. 10,000 people. That's a little city. Little town, Canada Day, when New York. 58,000 people. I mean, six times the population of that entire town died Americans, just along in Vietnam. Not to count the hundreds of thousands of Vietnamese, including the South Vietnamese, who are supposed to be, were supposed to be there finding for, but we couldn't tell. Well, they look alike. Yeah. There you go. They look a lot alike. Wow. What a disgrace. And we just got through doing the same thing again. And we got all these people out there, goose stepping, just like the Germans goose step during WWE 2. How do you got to do is look at any of that documentary footage? Oh yeah. This business model Hitler was a dictator. And they loved it. They sucked up to a man they loved it. Didn't they let them? Deutschland Oberollas, what could be more appetizing than that? Were the best word number one? Yeah. That is, there anybody on the face of the globe that don't like it? Where number one? There they go. Right. Puelling to the collected egos, the linguistic mentality of the public, no matter where it is. Deutschland Oberollas and now it's a US Oberollas. And that's basically what this whole P-neck thing is all about. We're superior to everybody else and you're going to like our cotton to us and we're going to import export democracy, whether you wanted or not, our brand of it of course. And our business people are going to come in and call just like that story about Beck tell we have here today. What a joke. Not a shock just a joke. Beck tell when's huge Iraq reconstruction contract. Oh no. That's got to be mistaken. It's on the A and P. Conor's Tom Cruise shop that A and P and I movie. I actually worked at the A and P. Right. If we go to the A and P. Yes, I have. Beck tell when's huge Iraq reconstruction contract. The government yesterday awarded a big contract to evaluate and repair Iraq's power water and switch systems to. Beck tell, corporate San Francisco. More we just talked about former Secretary of State George Schultz. Yesterday and the Beck tell. Yep. The initial award by the US agency for international development was for 34.6 million. Although the contract could be worth up to 680 million over 18 months. The larger amount would be to submit a congressional approval. Several Democratic lawmakers have complained the Bush administration did not allow open competitive bidding. But rather invited a small number of firms to submit proposals. A small number of their buddies. An addition to work on the utility systems. The contract also provides for rehabilitation repair, airport facilities and dredging repair and upgrading of the home-cossure C port and cooperation with other contractors. Beck tell may also have a role in repair and reconstruction of hospital school, select a government ministry buildings, irrigation facilities and transportation links. We went in there and blew it all up and now we're going to give them a whole crap load of money to go back there and rebuild it. What's up with concept? The agency said, Beck tell will probably hire subcontractors from many of the projects. Through all of its activities it would also engage the Iraqi population and work to build local capacity. Beck tell Halliburton. Shell, Exxon. They all be in there with their hands out. Because just like that bit we played and just like that scene in that work, the world is a business viste beer that's what Ned Bady said and he was. Absolutely correct. Right. So all of this bull crap about the liberation of the Iraqi people from this evil dictator and weapons about how many weapons have asked destruction we find yesterday. Oh, done. This is the big O. Then getting over to the wing. Yeah, let's put that hockey game on getting depressed. 941 that's on the good clock by the way. I'm 560 QM not on most clock. 560. 560. 380. Your. QM. Jamandich. I am a pussy. Not only are some American Idol contested spacing legal trouble. Now, how news reports are beginning to filter in about the judges on the Fox TV show. In 1977, Simon Cowell was charged for the attacking a man at studio 54 and nearly strangling him to death with his own poochishelves. Sold charges were later dismissed and Cowell was placed on probation. Later that same year, Simon Cowell was arrested again. This time LAPD charged him with solicitation on Hollywood Boulevard. Cowell was picked up wearing lace panties and a leopard catch suit and was carrying ID that said his name was Alice Reynolds of Laguna Beach. In 1990, American Idol Judge Randy Jackson was arrested. After attending the E. Child's Darm annual Lewis had a charity function in New York City. The diminutive actor was pulled from the throat of Randy Jackson and only suffered minor abrasion. Later that same year, Randy Jackson was charged with reckless behavior. After attacking the manager of a sizzler restaurant in Terahod and Vienna, Jackson's stomach had to be pumped and doctors reported finding 300 shrimp and two bags of buffalo bones. In 1986, American Idol Judge Paul Hamduel was charged with public looness. After an incident, a Los Angeles Lakers team van. Later that same year, Paul Hamduel was arrested outside of her ex-boyfriends apartment. This Abdul allegedly spray painted the words cold-hearted snake on his delorean. 1947 at 5.60. Were you following all of that? Nope. Good. What was the worst champion of American history? I noticed we haven't put the slaughter of the Indians on here. Are we going to do that or not? Yes. We are. Well, when are we going to see it on there? Well, I thought I could do this even with the Eric. No, that's not an answer to my question. When are we going to see that on there? You think he was busy again? It is good Friday. He's probably having some macaroni and cheese for breakfasts. About 30 seconds. How many? About 30 minutes. Sleevery 44 votes. The 2000 presidential election 24, which of course bogus. You know what? What? I was thinking like that. As so many things came to mind, as I was watching at Born on the Fourth of July. And I was thinking about the course Kent State really was nauseating, Grokish chapter, and then we saw the... Oh, and also talk about my psychic powers? What town did I mention on the year on Wednesday on this show? Right out of the blue. I don't know where. And keep in mind, I've never seen born on the Fourth of July. I had no idea where he was from. I don't know. I forgot I do it. Massive people along. That's right. Just... I don't know why I was just kidn around. And come to find out where did his family live? Massive people in New York. I had a friend in college. Pete Stassu was from Massive People in New York. How do you like that? I'm Long Island. His family was in a fur business. They had a lot of money. They've ever heard from him again. Yeah. At any rate, how do you like that? Huh. I was thinking about that thing in Dave County, the 2000 election, the group of outside assholes that they... Yeah. They fit in. They shipped them in from outside of Florida. And they're all out there pounding out there. Let us in. Let us in. That's what I thought of when we were shown in the 1972 Republican Convention on my Medi-Cow. Sicken to these assholes that were out there. Because they had the fiction, maybe. The whole thing was orchestrated. And then when they finally went, they started counting the votes again. The last time, and it started getting really close. And the margin was down to just a small handful, which some of us can relate to. A small handful. Then all of a sudden the Supreme Court's there. Right in there. Oh well. You know. One of them things. I said, oh, we don't want to recount any more votes because if the could turn out bad. Just like Lou Dobbson, the other night. Yeah, I prefer to look at the glasses half full. What was the worst chapter in American history? We will put slaughtered Indians on there because that is embarrassing and grotesque and humiliating. And on behalf of all Americans, we want to apologize. Although it's four under red. Huh? There's a four on the G. I don't know. Slavery 45, 2000 presidential election 25. It is graceful chapter. It happened right in front of your post. Assassinations of the 60s, JFK, MLK, and RFK 17, which to me was. It's the last chance. So after that, that's it. Game over. Civil War 16. Vietnam 13 attack on Iraq 8, the pression 6, monika gate 3, water gate 2, World War 2 has got 1, and the Gulf War 1 and World War 1 each have zero. But it's interesting that those three events only have one vote. I don't even know why they vote for those. But I had to put them on there. But attack on Iraq's already got eight. Get it? Got it. The facts from all the end here feel lose usually right on it. But he says, you might want to consider the American Revolution. No, which basically was the starting line for the power grab race in this country, which has never been interrupted. No. Although then he goes out or be deeming self by saying, my vote goes to the assassination of the 60s since the single the existence of the previously hidden power agenda. At that point in time, the myth of constitutional guarantees was shattered. The power structure changed the course of politics in this country forever. Not just of politics, but in life in this country forever, Wally. If anyone dared to lead with a different agenda, he would end up with the ultimate sacrifice. And I should point out speaking of born on the 4th of July that Eisenhower sent the first advisors to Vietnam, Kennedy sent others. But he also had made very, very clear he had made a pledge that by January 1st to 65. That all the advisors would be brought home from Vietnam. January 165. Well, guess what? He wasn't around the sea, January 165. I just make sure that in passing, okay? And if anybody really believes in Lee Harvey Oswald, bull crap in the Sir Hands Sir Hand crap. And who's the guy to shut MLK allegedly, who just died? Oh, block Chuck Shorak, what was his name? No, come on. No, it's serious. Right here. Uh. He's in the way. James Earl Ray. I thought he did the voices on CNN. This is James Ojoz. Here's what it says if you read it, oh, this is depressing. Of course it's in group or Murdoch right when New York posted. They're probably crelling from it. On page 11, the page six, actually call it the entertainment gossip stuff in New York Post today. Uh, they have a new website. We vote the ask you calm. These people want to take away Michael Murzasker for his movie, Bowling for Colin Bonn. And they tell why in the article, did you read the book, Pick it the truck, no, I did not. And also don't want to see the New York Post. They want to take away his because they didn't like what he said. So it was a great movie and he deserved the Oscar if he would have just kept his mouth shut. I mean, what are we talking about here boys and girls? What are we talking about? Talk about politically correct and taken into a new level. Your work is great, but just dummy up. Don't mention nothing about we that we don't like. Otherwise we'll take your statue away. Ooh, talk like we did in Baghdad. We took their stanchal away. Oh, no. If you read our website, yes, that was all staged. Just like our candidate at the time. It seemed like there was a very, and I'm only was it staged. But those people were brought in too. They were brought in. This is a disturbing thing. Oh, it by Robert Novak that I'm amazing. The ultimate right wing asshole, but nevertheless, in Chicago sometimes today, or he writes, or yesterday, coinciding with a Bush administration's tough talk about Syria, a senior Israeli official Monday exposed a smoking gun. Defense Minister Shaul Mofaz told a telebavionous paper, Ma'aw, we have a long list of issues. We're thinking of demanding of the Syrians and it would be best done to the Americans. I can say this here is strike on Syria while they are in hot. You've already got the tube so that there, let's go in. What do you say? Alright, I like what Lawrence Eagle burger set a couple of days ago. But of course, even thinks about going in here, he ought to be impeached. That's what I'm taking. Sturbing Gierland homestead, who's another one of our chronic regulars. But we should have got a lot of regulars on a fast machine, but at least most of them are pretty good. Of course, that's because you only sent a ones that are good, right? He says, how about your rank conquer scandal with Ali North? Well, you know, it was embarrassing and ask you, et cetera, but not in the category with these others. Stop it, right? Small potatoes. That's what Ali said. On his radio show. Also, you asked yesterday if I was ready to one and that other is stuttering Steve God, I'm warning you, when the answer is, no, I'll thank goodness for stuttering Gill in homestead. He's the relation to Gill's Siegel from the Camille House. 560560 on some more bad news. I don't want to do this on good Friday. It's a holiday weekend. Everybody's supposed to be in a good mood, but they want to be or not. The warning is down to yellow. Bush cultural advisors quit over Iraq Museum theft. Oh, no. Now, it says too, but though this was, what time did I, well, was just if no, I got this, but later on, three cultural advisors to the Bush administration have resigned in protest over a failure of US forces to prevent the wholesale looting of priceless treasures from Baghdad's Antiquities Museum. Martin Sullivan, who chaired the president's advisor for a community in cultural property for eight years, panel member Gary Vikin said they resigned because the US military had had a advance warning of the dangers to arrest historical treasures. We certainly know the value of oil, but we don't know the value of historical artifacts if I can directly water his art gallery in Baltimore pulled writers yesterday. There's the line that that's all you need to know. We know the value of oil, but we don't know the value of historical artifacts. Just mention that in passing. We get any calls about Dr. Bombayette, about Dr. Rackens. Come on, you on grateful bastards out there. This man probably is responsible for a lot of you people, but still be alive since I helped popularize the Atkins' diet down here in South Florida. One of my great claims to fame besides Booker Burgers and was in the fish food, right? I guess that's about it in twenty-seven years. Can't have everything. Well, you beat the penny sales tax too. And a penny sales tax, that's right. Let's get our calls from our what's his name, Dave the Attrafica. What's his name, Dave? What's his name? It's my favorite part, Dave Slater. It's later. Dave Slater, very good. And Mark Friedman would have had haircut. Richard Friedman, sir. Sorry Richard, sorry Dick. And don't be singing on more song, Dick. It's embarrassing. Anybody who goes out there in public with a hairpiece? Every good pull, Sunday, who's got the worst hairpiece? Richard Friedman or Moe, the Moe Muster? I'd like to see a battle between those two muscrats. We talk about watching a muscrat rambles. We're supposed to be in a 5-6 year old. You a m. Why do you best, Dave? My religion better than yours. Oh, I really can better than yours. My beliefs are what's required. You avoid a label fire. My religion better than yours. Oh, my religion better than yours. My religion better than yours. Oh, my religion better than yours. Wow, I religion everything feelsable. dream and racial j 50wwww 70wwww 50wwww 90 throughout 90 90 90 You know, I'm a rich and bad again, you know, I'm a rich and bad again, you know, I'm a rich and bad again, you know, I'm a rich and bad again, you know, I'm a rich and bad again, you know, I'm a rich and bad again, you know, I'm a rich and bad again, you know, I'm a rich and bad again, you know, I'm a rich and bad again, you know, I'm a rich and bad again, you know, I'm a rich and bad again, you know, I'm a rich and bad again, you know, I'm a rich and bad again, you know, I'm a rich and bad again, you know, I'm a rich and bad again, you know, I'm a rich and bad again, you know, I'm a rich and bad again, you know, I'm a rich and bad again, you know, I'm a rich and bad again, you know, I'm a rich and bad again, you know, I'm a rich and bad worker, you know, I'm a rich and bad again, you know, I'm a rich and bad again, you know, I'm a rich and bad again, you know, you know, I'm a rich and bad again, you know, you know, I'm a rich and bad again, you know, I'm a rich and bad again, you know, I'm a rich and bad again, you know, I'm a rich and bad again, you know, I'm a rich and bad again, you know, I'm a rich and badகவ to you know, I'm a rich and bad again, you know, I'm a rich and bad again, you know, I'm a rich and bad again, you know, I'm a rich and bad again, you know, I'm a rich and bad again, you know, I'm a rich and bad again, you know, I'm a rich and bad again, you know, I'm a rich and bad again, you know, I'm a rich and bad I mean it can't see you and they can't what was that line this morning before the show? They can't take communion on the tongue. I'm the tongue. We can't take it on the tongue. And the altar voice said then unto happy about the Rectome either footage appears to show son of Hussein's final public appearance Here's the story in print from the Boston Globe which of course is right on top of things Boston.com for anybody wants to really see what's going on like currently Abu Dhabi TV err pictures today of what it said was a rake leader son of Hussein on the streets of Baghdad last week being greeted by cheering crowds of Iraqis last Wednesday's matter fair Abu Dhabi TV said the film was shot April 9 that a US forces moved into Baghdad the footage if authentic would mean in April 7th American bombing him to kill in Iraqi prison was unsuccessful. Oh and by the way speaking of that they had on news last night that they did go in there and they went through the rubble Did they find him? No, no, not even his foot. Now not a foot not a toe not a putt of care enough is tash Nothing Oh, I answered the neighbors there said oh, they worked the wrong house. He was he was seen at the house next door Oops, we said oops our bad There were people in there, but it was a family and of course you know that they dragged bodies of young children or other etc, but we just seem to be having these misfires and are close but no cigar. I'm starting up again. They didn't miss the US said it was studying the tape How often Iraqi envoy laurel the Saddam said Friday? He was confident he racky president was killed by the coalition bombing of Baghdad I know his character, or rags ambassador to bill grads, Sami Sadoun. I thought he played for Ottawa No, he plays for the flyers now Sami said do until the AP and interview the defensive Baghdad would not have collapsed so quickly if what he wasn't dead. I thought they defense the collapse because they made a deal Did you see money haul in there right door number three? Yeah doors number one two and three Oh, that's right. There's all those artifacts behind door number three will take those So there you go anybody believes that that's Sodom and Kusay both whom of course We know have 85,000 plastic surgeries and about 450 doubles Even Pete Rose know how does many doubles This is a good article on our website but unfortunately I noticed in passing here that there's a word missing So I had like go back and I found a word we apologize for that, but it's weird. It's short No president should be of up criticism by denys McWeygames and the Zane'sville times recorders Zane'sville. Oh, hi you've been there. No, don't Cleaner of in there. Huh? Cleveland even there. Yeah, I want to know what you're like you are Anyway, Denys McWeygames says as our read some of the mail I repeatedly recognize recurring themes idle worship I bizarre mixture of fundamentalism Rhanical right wing politics and veneration of politicians I'm sorry, but no president of the US is a candidate for be anification or sainthood A recent letter stated it's also brought to light some serious flaws in the moral fiber of our country Much of that is reflected in the hideous display of disrespect to the office of the president and the man And I occupies that office this writer remarkably equates our constitutionally guaranteed freedom of political descent with serious flaws in a moral fiber of our country strange On the contrary I suggest someone study a little American history George Washington was called a jackass in a number of opposition newspapers Every president since has been called names a lot worse than jackass To say that the president should be beyond criticism is both absurd and unamerican Contrary to some as partisan wishes George this tooth is not our king in order to his touch-heal disease In addition contrary to the belief of some of the members of his cult George W. Bush is not anointed by God not even by Especially not by In 1912 theater Roosevelt wrote The president is merely the most important among a large number of public servants he should be supported or opposed exactly to the degree which is warranted by his good conduct or Bad conduct is efficiency or inefficiency and rendering loyal able and disinfested service the nation is the whole Therefore it is absolutely necessary that they should be full liberty to tell the truth about his acts and This means that it is exactly his necessary to blame him when does wrong as to praise him when he does right Any other attitude in an American citizen is both base and surveil To announce that there must be no criticism of the president that we're to stand by the president right or wrong is not only unpatriotic and Survival but is morally treasonable to the American public nothing but the truth should be spoken about him or anyone else But it is even more important to tell the truth pleasant around pleasant about him than about anybody else Dennis McWidham's go-zander right in my view the statement that any president was appointed and anointed by our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ For such a time as we now face contains a whiff of blasphemy It is so disgusting a concept to mix the whole name of Jesus Christ with that of a politician It's also repugned into the consultation a constitution in the United States of America. I'd like that I cut a whiff you get a whiff of it So someone as notorious as Teddy Roosevelt right there, huh? Yeah, and he's ran his critics Putting some of the Indian Zandiff of the Pinos. Oh, who cares about them? We did put the Indian Zander by the way that God was right here at a good point. We left one off But that this isn't the list we need to build. I don't think there's anything else needs to be on here unless we really screwed up. We got the big ones What was the worst chapter in American history? We asked on the arroggies.com today 1809 votes slavery 57 a 2000 presidential election 34 a total fraud Civil War 22 the assassinations of the 60s also 22 the at-nime 20 how can Vietnam only had 20 votes? See I was thinking about this also watching born on the 4th of July guess I was why I'm doing a lot of thinking last night Yeah, that is then unless you're at least 40 It You don't understand what wars really ought to about you have no concept to what Vietnam was all about and what we just got through doing last month. You have no concept of it right Because the war ended 1975 finally thanks to enormous public pressure Thanks to the fact that the media finally caught on and we started seeing some of the growth test horrendous unacceptable images from there And getting the stories of the me lie massacre and the other amazing things that we're going on here just I don't even want to talk about them Only 20 votes for Vietnam, but unless you're like a so let's see 25 that's 20 years ago So I'm being generous when I say 40 because if you were 12 you really didn't get the gist of it. How old would you have to be like 15 16? At least I mean I was aware I was up to date. I saw TV Yeah, but not a lot of people around me were so unless you're at least in your 40s You know nothing about so all these other punks that are out there running around wow we had to go in there and kick his hands and haven't got any idea What they're talking about no total their opinion don't give me wrong, but they're full of crap Vietnam 20 the depression 12 housekeeper Hoover doing by the way The attack on a rack eight moniker gate seven slaughter the workening is up to five already a late edition Default called it in water gate three W w w two had one W w w one has zero and go four one has zero and there you go as well. It's at 567 05 60 pound five 60 on the AT and T in Verizon wireless line don't forget yours with those bigger Pyrrhus today in tomorrow. Oh yeah, and I know he's really looking forward to me. He's a cash Okay, but bring him a suitcase full of money. We just have to keep going out and dehumanizing himself so it can spend some time with his family at home Right W to Q a n Yeah, yes, sir. I know you said you didn't want to list build, but what about the Interman of these Japanese Americans during World War II that was pretty nasty Yeah, it kind of reminds me of what they're dealing with these so-called interviews with a rackie Americans right now Last a few weeks and no question 10,000 of a year less exactly No lawyer no get not a deal free. Yeah, that should be on there. You're right What else was I gonna talk you about what else? Oh talk me about You know we were talking you were talking about how you know the Iraqi Minister of propaganda was so laughable Well, I tuned over because of the Marlin's pre-game show yesterday to Your good fat buddy and He's just We have people to believe him so I mean I guess it's sort of he's like the right wing version No, but but at least the Iraqi information minister was was humorous Larda is ain't fun and he's just dangerous I could have a point there because they were cut at least the Iraqi information minister We knew he was full of crap and he knew that we knew he was full of crap But with Larda asked the dido heads all believe whatever and how he said if he farts they they stick to nose in it One more thing Why is it that we're boycotting all french stuff but not German stuff and there's Against this is the French because we lack our vener schnitzel and I'll be looking pal Okay, what do you say So let's see let's put that on or two you got a Carlos. I don't want to any daily down and sure took us a long time to get the slaughter The American Indians are there. That's already up to seven the Intermant of Japanese Americans during WW2 Got it We got it. That was unbelievable but We just don't trust anybody you know they probably were all a bunch of spies Just like all you schmothads out there. I'll must be a bunch of spies a John Askroffs Gonna come knocking on your door about three o'clock in the morning and the worst part of his David Swaris is gonna be standing with him in his bathroom Yeah, wait I can't knock another do these days He's just he's just looking for votes He want to see if he have any dead people hidden in the backing could put their name on listen get his vote next time You run for office because it's the same bunch of an animal people anyway Keep running for office and date County over and over again When's the last time that we had somebody in office who didn't have a I'm not talking about and city of Miami Who's last name didn't end in a Z? Joe Colorado that's it. So I say bring them back Right you got many D.A.s. Yeah, and Sid for Nandes and Rodriguez George Rodriguez of course I mean we're getting tired of this whole Z bonus Let's bring back Joe Caroyo who's name it in the big He was fun, you know had that his T back keeping grand right From about a chapter 10 at five course, I guess he wishes his wife would have kept grabbing his T bag But didn't work out when a doctor didn't work out and by the way is what's his name any for speaking of Fernandez? Well, bro. Oh, yeah, was it Hernandez Fernandez? One of those E people's agree and his wife was banging his attorney right while he was in the slamer Yeah, the attorney was slamming her and he was in the slamer. Wow Pretty amazing stuff goes on here in the county and the good news is if you think we're gonna like dwell on his war stuff all day You're wrong about that because as we're way ahead of you with these tabloids up here even though they're published like five yards from where you people live all the new tabloids About April 29th editions including an O.J. Schocker who says I want Sidney his daughter to disappear How Dr. Laura's mom really died Snoop Doggy dogs rachi video could cost him his life Dr. Phil's teen sex shame TV shrink hits below the belt to boost ratings Ryan secret I'm not gay, but bad Brad Pitt and Tom Cruise are hot easy says Ozzy's wife beaten up at a restaurant. How come we have any calls about passions yesterday? I give up. Oh my god Talk about the booze pourins. That was the best. I've a watch to before I watch the new one yesterday 330 I've a watch between two and three yesterday the one from you know what I'm saying again. Yeah, that's how good it was 1013 at 560 WQM if you're fat. Oh, you got a lot of company out there and you're probably wondering where can you shop? And not have to pick and choose. I'll tell you the lights of West Boca because you don't have to worry about which items are allowable for if you want any kind of low carb or sugar free diet Everything in the store is for you over 700 low carb sugar free products in this one great story devoted just you and what you're looking for Whether it's the number one atkins diet rest in peace or any other low carb sugar free diet The lights of West Boca is your low carb super store that you'll fall in love with it. It got so many great nifty things to keep you on a straight and their or pad Some of the newest big reproducts are released sensation like the chocolate cupcakes and brownies By control carb with only one effect of gram acarbves per serving and they are delicious and don't forget to lights incredible selection of low carb Pasta's sauces dressing cheesecapes chocolate in their famous soft serve carbolite ice cream There's nothing like that soft serve. Don't forget to lights of West Boca all icons brand products are 25% off all day Every day so he saved some cash to stop by talk to their staffing. Oh, dining inside and up They'll even element the in fact. Maybe they'll say like a little that have a minion in the store for Dr. Ankins you think They should they're open daily 10 to 10 it delights you'll find among the Northeast corner of blades in 441 right next to Boston market column full free at 1 877 low carb or shop them on the worldwide wicked web if you like it low carb dot com don't forget There's only one original the lights of my book a your official atkins retail center This is what you'll find Are What happens with a real Japanese sushi chef buys a traditional American steak house? It's sake you she's fresh me does just like an authentic sushi bar You'll have your meal prepared right in front of you from four legs to the frying pan. You'll see it all okay Okay He's gonna be a My god You she's fresh me house you'll never eat beef the same way again kind of a cross between Bubba love sponge and iron shaft would you think I? Think 2018 at five 60 W to Q a M and those pictures we have on a website which are even more gruesome than just the a couple of we hit on there before and I'm very proud of that That's what we ought to be seeing on the nightly news every night if we would have seen that during the early days of Vietnam It would have stopped in a real hurry believe me. Yeah, but that's a bummer That always it a bummer but it happens to be the truth its reality like I said before if we would have seen it in the beginning The Vietnam would have been over in about six months Here's the fact that says the worst chapter in America Maybe written in the very near future if the Bush junta is able to maintain control of the White House It's snatch from the American people in 2000 in the Supreme What is it in the 2000 Supreme Court led to if this travesty comes to pass it'll make all others in your pool Pailed in in comparison George W Bush campaign 2000 quoted a saying I'm a United out of the divider and it says Bush is United the world against us very good Great answer and I would head on the bed 567.0560 pound five 60 slavery seems to be the winner 66 so at least so far get along way to go all weekend The 2000 presidential elections got 46 Vietnam is still only got 23 votes. What is wrong with these people? Huh? I don't that's why I think they all need to see born on the fourth of July again over the weekend get the DVD and put on your DVDs And believe me you'll need to be there probably be filling them up several times watching that And then think about it Think and I what happened to the phone here we're doing screenless. I should point out so if you don't get to your right away Just the tough to me just hang on five six seven 560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line one call on screen most WQAM Hello Like I said one call was left on screen was there not even there anymore Wow, what they'll just have right line maybe huh? I'm just checking I was on a right line line Full okay. I know what to be going on here was online for WQAM Yes, sir You were talking about born on the fourth of July and the mass tickle part because I grew up there and now went to mass pickle high school and Ron Colvik graduated from that high school some years before me But originally that movie they started filming in I think it was 1979 that was the other graduated and And Al Pacino Actually started to make the movie and it was all a hub of in town and he had rented a house And they closed down the local movie theater and they were filming here there They were filming in my high school at night and it's went on for a couple of months and then they stopped making the movie into just day And I'm 42 and I was 17 back then I never found out why the hell the movie never Beasts without Pacino So if any of your listeners knows the answer to that I've been here dying for like 20 years to find out What's happening here? I'm not for we couldn't refuse I guess so Hey, you know I've been listening to you there. Yeah, I've I really appreciate the articles that you read. I used to be vehibly opposed to the bedtime stories However With everything that's been happening in the articles that you've been putting You've been reading and post Fasionally listen for Rush Limbao to the point of where I'm about to lose my lunch and the amount of hate that that man Spues at his mouth and just the complete Wives that he tells I'm few people out there your audience really needs to wake up and they need to read really what the hell is going on Add a piece on ABC news last night about the mental institutions and how they were The women in there were raped and they they showed you videos of these people so food no water. I mean it was just horrible And and and rum spell rummy sits there and he writes this all off as well You know the the loading it just kind of happened. It's hardly untidyness of war. Yeah, I'm telling you know When you when you invade an unarmed country and you basically take away electricity and water people Just livelihood in general What the hell do you expect? I mean if they did it in LA over Rodney King. I mean they'll do it anywhere So you know, it's just the stories that you've been reading. I mean I I tried to read as much as possible and it's just It really is just sickening and that huge contract that was awarded I read that this morning. I could barely even keep my breakfast down You know I love you have a great weekend and so least go. Okay. Thanks. Bye Please will not lose tonight by the way, George. I'll bet your life in Carlisves too. Okay, but your buck. They're not playing. Oh, playing a marquis ring Game five and Philadelphia. Heady to be killed by the way. Yeah. I don't want to go into it Make all of good saves. Okay, and he don't let a few reaches in this is the playoff somebody tell him whisper in his ear Good news is our almo is okay McGirlie. He'll be back Here's the fact says a good story for once. I was listening to the world at one on BBC radio for this morning And they led with a story about how saved the children has been trying for six days to fly a plane of food And that could feed 40,000 people but the US wouldn't let the plane in supposedly for safety reasons Within 15 minutes they had a US military mouthpiece on the era sharing the British public that the plane would be led in within a day or two The best part was when the host Nick Clark told the US spokesman that the save the children organized It was standing at the airport as they spoke and hadn't heard any gunshots for days talk about power of the press I'm gonna want all that concern if they get fed okay and if not that many of your you know people don't have to worry about right It's to be untidy when you got them any miles of the time tidy part that whole untidyness the whole thing Let me say it again. It wasn't this is not an award. This was any legal invasion a war is when there are two combatants who are fighting Over something just like that story about Pina can about how they had selected a rack ahead of time because they knew it would be an easy easy knock over like a walk over Right There already eliminated like two thirds of his army 11 years ago like what the other they think he was gonna have back And then of course when they're making deals behind the scenes to make sure we can roll into bag that virtually on challenge It wasn't really what's gonna be much of a contest and So if we dropped the photo is J Dan's and at one house and it turned out to be a couple of doors down the street wasn't a right one There whole bunch of dead people in a rubble and it wasn't who we were looking for a while untidy, you know, right How anybody can defend this just beats the crap bottom. I just amazing to me like that Astral I call together today. Can't there anything good you could say about this war? No No, there's absolutely positively nothing good that I can say about it nothing zero And there isn't any reason why any of the people who were injured mean Butchered in this invasion shouldn't still be alive in a one piece today There isn't any good reason we accomplished nothing Yeah, but Sodom's gone. Yeah, what do we got we got a mess? Just like the mess we have an Afghanistan now. It's festering again and worse than was before What are we gonna have now and while are showing these Comical pictures because they've got him from Abu Dhabi TV and so they got him so the poor money over and over again a Sodom and a Kusay Of their body triples How about the pictures of all those the biggest protests since WWE 2 Thousands and thousands of people impact that protesting yesterday against what they call illegal Occupation by foreign power there was a bonus there Huh there was a protest having you seen the pictures? No need to rely and you won't Because we have a selective media that just shows and sucks along it's not just Lou Dobbs and Wolf Blitz Creek and all these other assholes It's the network it's at the very top of the network because they're scared crapless They're under the thumb If only Just if only the people could see the CBC that is an old-life revolution here. It's a little on the stayed side the line of boy So, but you can just see that there are ally No, not this time that's why WD ain't coming here until he's put it off a little while although he does want to come up and get a little smoke meet month here I'm gonna smoke the TV in the meat a 26 pet better have a check first W I would check first the way things are going out 26 past ended 560 Q a m Sports radio five 62 a Why the you passed it tonight? A N E goes undercover to reveal a brightening aspect of who could be the next president of the United States George Bush is the anti-Christ Of course a care about all the issues face in America And you're making a wish of a question of them like all candidates I support term limitations for church Jesus Hey The previous administration not bring dignity back to the old office After they rip off your skin and smack on your bones Join Sam Neal your host for tonight's a and he's joined Bush the anti-Christ 31 at 560 the McU. I'm don't forget join George today nude. What is it two to four? Four-laterial harley on federal highway just south of open park bullet marks stop by to win some of our free A crap that McGill's trying to get rid of and enjoy free food from Atlantic city subs where the bread and I Remake the difference in and tomorrow noon to two George will be at bill signals bullet Marta savings on Northwest 36th Read and they still have no idea who he is over there. No Just watch the 27th have an army you'll have some prizes and Atlantic city subs will be there with more free food So get there early noon to two tomorrow they call me as some week a guy when I show up on a sandwich guy He's a sandwich delivery guy once a month right 567.0560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line WQ a n Meal yes, sir. How you doing? Okay? I've been listening for weeks to you and I got to tell you I've never heard more anti-American Canadian comedy crap Yeah, if anybody in the history of radio yeah and You know you know we're Canadians would be without the USA protecting well, who's talking about Canadians We're in for some sake I'm sorry would it take us to buy that of Canada for whether for USA yeah, and this bush guy Maybe crazy or than the Christmas turkey And if he's setting himself for the biggest disaster, but at least he had the Balls to go out there and do what he wanted to do and who is it? We just said a gang is kind sort of Napoleon go out there and have the balls to do we want to do that make it right It will be so did he want to go out there and you want to show you an idiot, okay? He had the balls to go out there and do what he wanted to do. I don't talk to idiots like you I'm talking Canadian crap because my ass is sitting in Toronto. I'm talking Canadian crap You're in in basil That's just like that's what we're dealing with. Oh, you know, he may be the biggest disaster You should have stopped at that point because I think he's already got a good start What I'm in basil And you know, I'm sitting here. I'm willing to listen, but who's gonna listen to that? He's got the balls to do what he wanted to do that type of a That's what's autumn did when he went into Kuwait. Yeah Had the balls to do what he wanted to do stalling that's what every maniac alluded to in a history man Kind has done had the balls to do what he wanted to do didn't make it right didn't mean we should support it them Oh, well, this guy's been listening for weeks. Well, how do you sir? I'm sure you'll continue to listen with your ear glued to the radio and your hand firmly on your joystick Who the hell you kid? schmuck W to Q a m W to Q a m hello yeah, I do it Okay, sir. You know it's this guy who just called a little bit ago. He's the reason in my opinion You need to read these bedtime stories. Yeah, because the guy like this is a guy It's really gonna get you to him, yeah, but he's not gonna go let he's not gonna go read anything So the only way you're ever gonna get through it. So I could read I could read I could sit here and read these same things 50,000 times it'll never penetrate his skulls in imbicil don't you get it if I had a feel that my doing this here was to try to get to the people I came I wouldn't waste my time but the people who are marginal the people who are not sure are the ones that you can get through That those are the ones that's why I'm doing it. I'm trying to make a little tiny bit of difference You know that old thing about you know throwing the stone in a water making a little ripple I'm trying to make a little bit of difference and make at least one or two voices in the country that are just goose stepping along Some you've got to do it you have the voice to make a lot of difference. Yeah, you know what they're talking about I land of the walking did well I listen to Russia occasionally see you know what you know what it mays is me everybody who calls this show or at least today so far I listen to Russia and my question be why what is it that you hear that you don't know exactly what you're gonna get why would you waste your time doing that because I want to hear what he's saying Why I want to hear the garbage the crap why do you want to hear garbage? And that's like saying that I'm gonna go into dumpster and see if I can find me a good dinner. You know what's in there? I totally disagree you've got to know what your enemy is doing So let me let me say this to in all honesty when you know it's gonna be the same as swill over and over again We already know what he's doing That's that I mean do what you want is a free country, but I can't imagine why any person I was got anything anything anything listen love too much time on his end But waste their time listen that garbage can I make my point about him go ahead what he does Which is so dishonest and so dangerous? It's he'll come out and he'll say I was reading an article And you know how we always banged the desk You know I was reading the article. What was the name of that article or who was the one who wrote it and then he'll say well I'll look up in a little bit and then he'll spout some absolute garbage lies He's lies total lies right yet. What he's doing is he's not saying where came from? He's not saying where he read it. He's making the stuff up and Unfortunately his people then turn around and spout the garbage that he puts out Yeah, but like I said we are we are we are we? Zidians of different websites every day here on a computer. Okay, and the internet I don't waste my time going to newsmatch.com or freeber public.com because I know the kind of right wing insanity I'm gonna find there. I wouldn't waste my time reading that. What would be the point when there only so many hours in the day And I want to get some information and learn something and I can learn anything from him I I I understand but the bottom line is he got in the what this guy saying because the stuff He's saying is the stuff that when you address somebody who's one of his followers they bring up So if you don't know what they're saying and you don't know where they're coming from you don't know how to counter it I mean some of this stuff is just absolutely ridiculous always has been and always will be doing it have a great day Okay, there's a guy's got too much time on his hands talk show groupy Well some people like to chew on canker stores too No, no, I don't understand it. I don't get it and we and I guess most of our people the talk show groupy crowd Oh, well, we do listen to Russian and see what he's saying. Why it's gonna be the same right wing garbage the same lies about the twins killing people and about I told you that thing about the weapons advanced destruction they allegedly found that was weeks ago Remember that right the article he was quoting that on his system article from the subnon-existent Australia newspaper. Oh, well Guess what did we find it? Now didn't find squat and He just makes it up and again because he's got his inventory and voicing he's got all these ditto heads and he's on 80 billion Clear channel stations all over the country the idiots out there. They believe it Well, I don't need to hear it to know what he's doing if I had time to listen to that crap I would jump right up to win on film myself. I would know I had too much time on my hands. I had no life And with all with all the amazing stuff that's on there just look at the links on our website Just go and we also need to put a couple of warnings on there Be your boy. Okay bus flash dot com. I know Lynn's got a link to that. That's excellent bus flash dot com And what's the other one thinking about it'll come to me But there's so much great stuff on her every single day Smurking tip yeah, that's the one smoking chip dot com. Let's get a link today There must be 50 different websites at least I mean I don't I don't have time to waste it and here look at on right wing whack-o websites that twist them and Impilating the stir and distort the truth. Why would I waste my time doing that? I know what there's spew and I've seen and hurt enough of it If I want to get something into my mind if I want to learn something and have some information to pass along We're just for my own benefit. I'm not gonna listen to a hair-mon-garing junior spout it But nevertheless it's a free country at least to this point You will not be allowed to be listening to this show after next six months. I'm sure five six seven 560 palm five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line WQAM Speaking God bless Texas yeah, let's just let go away you idiot same jackass. That's his third time God bless Texas You'll left this Tommy that this is that's his line. This is whole uh-uh-uh That's the repertoire. Why doesn't he live there? Yeah, that's right. I'm being prepared. They probably kicked his ass up WQAM Do I think my leaves are gonna be fully and fully? I don't know but we'll find out probably by about six o'clock on Saturday afternoon Do you think your leaves are gonna be fully and filly? There already one one game there. It seems to me. There. Everyone One of the first two games in filly but you never know Call one of the sports shows with a brilliant comment like that. Okay, so a brilliant question Call off the hump or he knows is a hockey call up by the mad dog. He knows his hockey stuff. He's still thinking of red wings are gonna win it 567 05 60 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon You know what I would like to outlaw That sports talk The mic mentioned my name's the right smile for Gary From our home else videos and beautifully so I feel back that it's my lucky Our current champion who saved family son of a Tuesday Tuesday no say it all delay They tell this over her it's a blind-wing family and now your whole crazy sleep outside the building of Thank you to these three. I'm here on the Lacky field We put a gun to the head of 100 loyal and acutacruits and that's been who you should you have most of in your home Yeah, you're family So it's a family you can see a point now. Oh loyal. I recognize that picture of Saddam that is gonna be the number one answer most picture of Saddam That is what Oh 1044 560 WQM sorry. I just can't stop thinking about that got a call to consigo Yeah, but we just absolutely have that would be like my watch and Fox news to get information to see what they're saying I really know what they're saying I really know what they're up to just like during the break I turned on for a couple of seconds MSNBC what are they talking about? Oh well, there's just tons of talk today about these pictures These new pictures of Saddam who's saying in the center whether they're real or not same as the last time We had the the the Chubby found out there high five in the little kids and running around in middle of a crowd This is a guy who doesn't even let people anywhere near him much less touch him He's almost like Howard Hughes. He's got like a like a nut and a fetish about washing his hand He's only by touching a much less than he has crap And he's out there shaking hands and she moves up. There's no question. I was one of his doubles He looked about as much like him as is Greg Reed looked like him. In fact, if Greg put on a mustache All we did have a better haircut than Greg and that's what they're talking about MSNBC So what what's the point when you already know what you're gonna get Slice like a somehow the cereal lets you hate well I bought another box of it to just just to see what it tasted like just to make sure my memory was correct It tasted like crap I Don't get it. I don't get it. I'll never get it WCOM You know why could come me on for WCOM Yes, sir. I like to just ask you a couple questions. I have the direct TV and I've been watching a little bit of the CVC on there But any other better better ways that I can get You know news because ever since I've been listening to you I've always been open about different areas I don't want to get sucked into you know the MSNBC the CVS is better out there What do you anything to use to suggest? Internet Internet only okay. I appreciate it You won't you don't get it on TV and American TV. I guarantee that Okay, what the satellite. I'm pretty much stuck in so I just stick to Internet's life's having going to trust me. Thank you buddy. Okay hang on 560 560 560 560. You know you see the guy with a leaf game at the online 9 that was the What have I done? What did I do to? Oh whatever that was yeah? What did I ever do that was that guy? So that's why immediately Sue they've been heard the voice the finger was on it and the button too Get yourself a life okay sir get a life get lost Come at a QA in Yes, Mr. Rogers. I was just like to weigh in with all these These burning bushes if you will when I see the wise blighting out of my TV set above the wonderful thing gonna rack Destroying power destroying water It reminds me of when I draw a TV does not make it to a little pad 567 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon marvelous line W2QA in W2QA in Neil yes, sir Oh, you know you were talking about Vietnam earlier did you see that poor by this type Conner who is gonna be the head type the Hey, oh, yeah, they hate him like poisoned by the way, yes, but did you see that? Well, where he said that if W would have been president we wouldn't have lost the Vietnam war No, I did not see that The Harold they before yesterday believe or yesterday Now that's a frightening quote that means that these people have learned nothing And that W if he'd have been in there he you don't want that war for him What what do you expect coming from one of his disciples? Okay from one of his hand picked right wing disciples What do you think he was gonna say? Well, that's the first time I could heard that yeah, and I understand why they hate him like poison And they've just rust him totally because he's with friends with Ariel Sharon and the right wing and Israel So they're joined to join the hip and I just want to how long it's gonna take for people to You wait up to that fact that this is the this is these guys are Ariel Sharon spot buddy Yeah But let's maybe that's why they're having those massive protests in the street of Baghdad that we're not seeing them We're too busy trying to figure out if these pictures are really sad. I'm in the sun have a great day, sir Happy circus Big army of facts how how do these people listen to Russia? I listen to them all how we're David it before I listen to brushes What he said? Although they are Canadian He also says what a jerk the guy who said bushhead balls to do what he wants that's what Hitler did. Yeah, that's correct That's what I said I think Arnie Then here's a facts from wars as Palm Beach Oh Palm Beach provisions you know who that is no shit. Yeah That's the same asshole that was under this morning so around a promo anyway. That's the marked the jet fan and is good boyfriend Richie from Borshead Palm Beach provisions if we had cowards like you and George back in WW1 We'd all be speaking German you come me basso very cute marked the jet fan and the richie from Borset Oh, I'm there. I heard that they were You're hoping this weekend all the thing Let's see originally Al Pacina was said to star as Ron Covek would grind to pama attention direct However the project felt you due to financial problems 10 years later the film was made with Tom Cruises Ron Covek and Oliver Stone directing That's another thing that amazed me that I really enjoyed that movie tremendously is that Oliver Stone directed it likewise which goes to show you that nothing's nothing's perfect I mean he is so Bro test so ordinarily but he did a good job given credit it did two good movies that I know and the other one was Oh, then see it. Oh, very good Great the review of platinum is pretty Luke warm compared to the one I read my review book about born on the fourth of July song I'll stick with this one. I Vietnam is only got 35 votes 10% of the total on air, which is so it's just it's pathetic It's it's unspeakable American people know nothing about history They've got no concept to the value of human life and like I've told you a million times that no point I get excited about it You know easy come easy go they see this crap there and it's like numbers on a page that's all just more statistics Like step on a cockroach sports scores There you go now you're getting the heavy duty stuff. What do you think about that game on serity? I think the least one 3303 and the matter fact I think I had to write idea before you know what I mean what what the hell's the point Spin them I least my leaves. Oh, that's too my habit. There you go. Let's get Frank Mahabbo's to take care all of this 5670560 pound five 60 on a 18 of right and whatever line Max the pizza delivery Don't put him on the air Anybody home here for it alone put Jeff Cohen on the air. Okay, he's not No, seriously he's been horned us enough already. Okay. I know he's got the real problems in that other joint But that's his problem. I told him we're open there the location I'm not listening to the joint He's got problems in his joint. I think it's about to fall off is what I'm here disease from use Jeff Cohen is there from the pizza law with my tip pizza and my to Lazani for a little beaner boy in George Did every muscle is on you also just the pizza hate brought him both three nice going or Jeff do not put him on here. Okay Until he starts giving him around 100% off he's pretty he's pretty upset that he's only getting 50% discount in the computer there I'm not showing it. I'm actually paying Jeff to keep the rumors status as the way it is good The way things are in that plantation location you better start charging double and he says the other joint is doing great No, it's not every time I drove by there when I was home. Nobody there. That's in the middle of the afternoon Get some people in there. Okay. It's great food. It's a good place But you can't see it from the street and Jeff really is afraid to go under there What was the worst champion in American history we asked? Look at this the opening of the second-powered pizza law. He's not moving up to us slavery 78 2000 presidential election 68 The Civil War 50 Vien oh speaking of rumors. So yes today because the leaf game went till 1230 in the morning the other night three over times So I got very little sleep so you know how you try to compensate So I tape passions yesterday and line there taking a nap. I'm as sound as sleep is a little baby. Okay? Line on my sofa just cut in the zes you know cut and something and the phone rings and gas who it is When you leave me to hell alone already remember said yeah, yeah, I am and then that's been five minutes later to phone finally Leave me alone you're the vein of my existence already okay. You were a good guy Remember but in small doses just leave me alone Just go away. I'll see you when you get up here by the way we got something special waiting for it It's an isolation at the hospital What was the worst champion of our chemistry slavery 82 rumors phone calls to Neil at 110 2000 presidential election 70 civil war 50 Vietnam 36 slaughter of the American Indian 32 The assassinations of the 60s 29 The depression 17 the attack on Iraq 16 Monica gate 12 water gate four World war two two World war one one World war three three and World war four four Imminent the intramate of Japanese Americans during WWW two one and the Gulf War one has no votes I'll tell you that I mean we got a ton of votes on there, but you look at that and Tells me we need some serious help. Yeah serious help Sure, we sure had some of that lots of pizza, but I don't have that here, so I had lots of all superiors didn't on our pace off It was damn good too. That did you eat the balls and the noodles? I eat the balls WQAM QAM hello WQAM What am I doing? No, how are you doing? I'm doing fine Mission, yes, you were talking about him Robbins and how he's not you know giving his first amendment right and so forth I think you're being a little bit preferentical With that we knew yourself Yeah, two points on this you yourself you've a lot more airtime the people who agree with you Don't agree with you. Sir, that is a total fabrication Now give you all the airtime you want if you want to say something it the people of this agree with the generally Just call either take a personal shout or make some stupid comment about Texas is great in screw Canada Well, what you've heard at this morning, so you're full of crap. All right Okay, you're a little on the if the people on the other side could call and make rational arguments Whether it's about the war in Iraq whether it's about religion whatever we talk about on this show I'm more than delighted to listen to him because it's a lot more interesting, but they can't or they won't do it The other thing was you should make it clear to your college at the first amendment does not guarantee the right to be heard It's the right to free speech You don't have the right to be heard What does that mean? What do you mean? You don't have the right to call out to the other that isn't the issue Everything 31 What are we talking about say what we like who step along and do and say what we like otherwise We're gonna punish you Who am Don't you go back to Canada you do bastard You speak in a language we don't understand lying and hiding the truth Oh Oh Your German is hanging over your eyes You love me You love the world I'll just share with you the pictures that you know what thing about rules And you understand that is really quite clear Painting America, crazy to your democracy, crazy to your listen Jews Oh Happy Christmas Anyway, it's 11.15.60. I sure learned a lot from that last call. I was good. We have freedom of speech But not the right to be heard. Yeah If it's recalls in the woods and nobody hears it doesn't have a vibe of speech. There's a very far What does that mean? Give me our most home number okay. We'll keep them both busy Here's a fact it says I've kind of believed the reason people listen to it Believe the mass media dribble is because there's no need for prerequisite knowledge One needs no historical perspective one needs no sense of logic one needs no recollection of Connected events one needs no morality one needs no sense of compassion one needs not have a suitable level of comprehension It's the element shortcuts your life and a rush-lambal school of broadcasting is the kind of what for this metal process and you are Right on it. That's right And just look at our poll that even our student audience obviously has a very serious lack of understanding of history And of course these guys well, you know, at least he has a ball to do what he wanted to do What does that have to do with what I've been talking about? What's that have to do with all the innocent people and then we're gonna children never butcher and Vietnam and how is that? And that's a fairly good thing in a program. What does that have to do with what we just got through doing the last month and all the innocent people have been But you know, they never make any reference to that because it'll be the rum spell dance So while it's untidy it's collateral damage Schmidt happens in the same old crap. You know, I've got a break a few eggs as though we're just talking in abstract Not talking about real lives in real pain and real grotesca barbaric stuff We're just talking in the abstract. You know, we're reviewing it from afar From the comfort of our living rooms in our little 17 inch TV or a big 62 inch HD TV Loss and a peep package orchestrated crap the three-wing circus that the media puts on for it The comparisons to why the dogs is this facts have been overused the last few years But this war with a man is exactly what the characters and will be wiped it all did They filmed exactly what we wanted to see of course no one died in their war because it was fiction and they use the so-called victims over and over again Then we see pictures of the same man over and over again in different crowds in different places in our newspapers and In fact we're seeing him on TV today Then we see only the field good stuff our dark guys the good guys all the time no matter what how many times have we gonna see that soldier getting kissed? This is the perfect wag that all you have proof call row said to win the play the war card Do we need any more proof than that when they go up to rent born on the fourth of July get a copy of wag that are Okay, there's a good keeping the CO2 we can Wag you dog on the fourth of July 560 560 pound five 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line Did I already had this story about these sapphire had this on yesterday that we just had this facts No, I don't want to be other pages because I had this story on yesterday the Arabic secret deal between the West and the Bat party I had over back then with this role in it. I would have had that on it. Wait, Eddie. Thank you anyway Tell me to Q. I am Neil. Yes, sir You know why I really find a home hospital is this The excuses as they made to going there like the Republican guards have been Republican guard killed anybody in the West over years Probably They probably Yeah The weapon of the point is they didn't they weren't a threat to us or it's got up and we're with how many people he killed over there They're plenty of people being put youed all over the world They were no threat to us. They were no threat to England. They were no threat to anybody quite frankly But don't confuse anybody with the facts because we did a good job. We went over there and we kicked that We kicked them schmotheads as and now now what now we're going to Syria We'll go over to how we feel like going because we're number one baby Or the biggest and the best and by far the most dangerous Just like Jeff Cohen says were the biggest and the best and the most dangerous How's that moths of pizza by the way? It's spectacular the moths of pizza from the moths of clista best ever I don't know if you remember the first time that he made it it was a little imperfect was it really? It was good, but it's so much better now that may not be a place Remorced about to be said if food was great, but Zulim perfect because they actually charged me a few bucks Oh nothing's perfect man just pay it up pay it up okay you cheap Canadian Jew bastard god charge him double Jeff W2AM Neil yes, sir I'd be paid stock by the way and back to you happy you have good Friday Just the I agree with your friend that called earlier this said yeah, we all have the right to freeze Beats will you don't right to be heard? I mean I have the right to say whatever the hell I want But you don't have the right to put me on on the photo You don't want to you have that right to not to not broadcast my opinion And I don't have that that has to do with the talk show is got nothing to do with the Constitution I mean what does that mean you don't have a right to be heard? What what does that mean I was just telling you you ask what is that what does that mean what did he mean by You have to speak but not the right to be heard He wasn't talking about talk shows he we were talking about Tim Robbins he wasn't doing a talk show He was just gonna make an appearance If they didn't want to put Tim Robbins on they had to every right to not put him But the problem being that they did it for the wrong reasons don't you understand? They're excluding and they're taking baseball which is supposed to be a national treasure At least what's the bottom of time it was and they're turning the Hall of Fame into a political form which is as no place It is absolutely wrong. I totally agree with you. Well, so what's so what why even waste time talking about that? You're interpreting for him is that what you doing? Okay, thanks for the interpretation. No, we needed interpreters on this show Wow I didn't know that we need to dignify somebody says oh you have the freedom of speech But not the right to be heard. I mean, what what is that really mean what does that mean? And please don't anybody else try to tell me I don't want to know Wow Five and the midst of all the other things I'm talking about to be to be dwelling and picking on that What what does that have to do with what's going on in the world today? This is the problem with talk show cars man like I've always said you take some little my new show some little piece of crap like that and Going to a big song to dance and wow an additional which who to hell Why's he got elected for the other guy the other guy? I mean that so I mean spoke from self Give me a lecture on who I leave on and how long get your stopwatch out. Okay, paly and you can start timing all the calls You can start keeping track Like all those great little calls you're on rushy show every day Right like all the live and the little commentators you'll hear on fox news Right See that this is disturbing to these people the fact that we actually have somebody on here I'm not gonna waste my time with right wing assholes. How do you like that? You already got ninety nine percent of the air waves You want to 100 percent? Yeah, that's what I thought They can't handle the fact that there's somebody else out here that really wants to promote a different point of view because there actually is one Or you can't do that WKOM I WKOM Hey, how are you Neil? Okay, sir happy pass over and happy Easter sir Happy new section The I agree with you with them better reporters do you I haven't been falling with that The Marines the army guys they can't just go all out and shoot everybody like it's supposed to because of these damn reporters They're supposed to wipe their is out Marine Corps good point. Yeah, kill them all that got sort about Here's what it says to try to get Michael Mursansker away from him. Yes, look at the New York post if you have a strong stomach But they have no problem with Roman Plancky keeping his no it was just a 14-year-old girl It was enough for Jerry Lee Lewis was enough for Roman Plancky how can this administration export democracy? You can't export things you don't have very good facts excellent good point In honor of today's winner of the winner of today's pool. Can you play good chip? I'm a stud. Yes, I can't always crash me up especially The line your pillow is a rat Book of Rines and geniuses. Do any hope of a CD release of his greatest since including the month no long real ho out WKOM No I believe I don't think so not this week after there's any censorship you go and on because you do understand we have right a freedom of speech unless of course So we're picking on the wrong people unless we're picking on people from the Vooned from the fourth wife whatever it hell this is that's that's right. That's right 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T. I guess I must have rattled some nerves out there talking about that Movie born on the fourth of July. It's your fault. It's our excellent movie this really needs to be seen I think it's time to get the toothpick south from a clockwork orange Prior to everybody's eyelids open and forced them to watch remember home any year to July especially right now Because it says nothing to do with my recommendation has nothing to do with this right now I've been bugging you for years about it But it has to do is the butchery that we are you know We're pointing to figure it everybody else in the meantime the butchery that this country is participating in it has done an Appagio so growth-esque and all this talk about loving freedom and loving democracy and exporting democracy like this fact Just pointed out what a cracker crap Exporting death and suffering that's what we're doing a great job of exporting death and importing Of innocent people I've nothing to do with the 911 or anything to do with the being a threat to us But we had to get somebody to make the public feel better about everything and that's that's what it was all about We had to get somebody an easy target did we get it? We got a statue WQAM Oh, no, yes, sir. Hey, it's a happy from the jersey gangbath WQAM? Yes, no, yes, sir. All you have to do is remember that the old term that power corrupts Okay, thank you WQAM WQAM WQAM One commission Year everybody said all he did was say around with the Lewinsky all the military we have now Now here I'm listening We have now Military that Clinton hide it. This is an pushes military So there's a lot of little people yeah, we've been through that a million times for it's boring 12 minutes past 11 at 560 WQAM they can't respond to what I'm talking about because we got a bunch of Muff reading idiots out there number one because they got too much time on her hands because it's another one Those goish your holidays and number two they got to they can't respond to because it's uh to Embersing to think about They're speechless Plus what they know about history you could stick in a symbol and put it all up here Right, though, I still have a lot of room left over believe me from when I'm hearing Hey, if you have $2,000 more on a credit card listen to this dedicated consumer counseling can help you out It will cost you nothing dedicated is a nonprofit company that will contact the company's you will money too And they can cut your payments in half Call 1-800-4-NodeNet That's 1-800-4-NodeNet Letters N-O-D-E-B-T Dedicated will help you interest rate eliminate late fees and save your credit and cost you nothing The bank pays dedicated you pay zip-o so if you're trying to paddling credit card debt called dedicated at 1-800-4-NodeNet Call and find out how dedicated can help you out you got nothing to lose if you've had it with credit card debt high interest rates and late fees Give dedicated consumer counseling a trial they'll handle all the details for you from there Call dedicated now tool free 1-800-4-NodeNet and please keep in mind it cost you zero call 1-800-4-NodeNet for dedicated consumer counseling We have the oil fields secured with the pipeline under construction and you judge you will be a hero Now Mike and Carl here gonna help you brush up on your swagger that's right Mr. President our consultants at the Rending group have a shortest that Americans and John Wayne Swagger will advance to the rest of the world Well What's wrong with my swag or oh nothing sir? It's just you're gonna have to do a little more than just lean on your elbow. Oh I should Now if you'll just step over here Mr. President It's Doratico will operate the boom box. What do you need to boom box for it? It's just for atmosphere Oh to set the mode. Okay, let's roll You're loving I'm all right, perhaps the feet was wrong. Let's try different song this time Wait Get take you per roll and here I haven't had my daily dose. You yeah He's not available sir, but perhaps we could get a reflection. I need to swagger not float Okay, one more time sir. All right You know the name should Donald Mayor poured ash your name 11 17 is 560 W. Kuham. We got 416 votes on a pool Which of these was the worst champion of American history slavery? 95 2000 presidential election is moving up on a slaves 81 Which is kind of ironic because with the verifoster weren't allowed to vote an election either whole bunch of men in Florida a civil war 52 see how this is all kind of together Yep, Vietnam 48 slot of the American Indians 47 the assassinations of the 60s JFK MLK RFK 36 K attack on Iraq 26 the pression 20 monocle gave 13 better known as penis gate, but don't say penis Not this outer gate for W. W. W. W. 2. W. W. 1. 1 Intriment of Japanese Americans during World War II one and Gulf War one is still got the big O Which I think we can understand here's a facts happy holidays in Q ampump up the water Do something it's the best signal I've ever heard all the way up and Palm Beach keep it up Listening loud and proud y'all there was a bell in Palm Beach. How do you like that? I guess we'll have to tell on that Bob vermuth is in town when out and Pete on the tower That's the deal Bob or both art corporate chief engineer when I'm there driving up 441 ready pissed off about the crappy signal the other day So went out there and Pete on the tower for hours on the tower of power With Bobby Brown and had himself a hell of a good time and that signal is just sensational baby nice going for both WQAM 2 AM Not there five six seven. Oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line WQAM Okay, sir. I found a solid bumper stick. He has today. I thought might be interested in Okay Yeah, it says it was no more and I'll spell the last part of it no mode B U F H I take right. Yeah, that's old. Yeah, I know what you need to before So all right, let's get a lot of them spread them around yeah Thank you because he's your sperm plenty of it around himself Trump casually spill Iraq hospitals the appalling injuries suffered by all the is smile a boss or not Unix is an eight-winter worker's visit most old hospitals the 12-year-old as we know He was on our website and they've had been a whole lot of hearts and flower stories It's a horrible story Kovie Robloch both his arms and received extensive burns during US bombing raid He's been airlifted to hospital and Kuwait for emergency surgery. However Brendan Patty of the age Charity saved the children is working in the northern Iraqi city of Mosul says he has seen dozens of Similarly injured children as plight is not attracted to the same amount of attention He said the injury tool was reducing experience medical staff to tears He told the BBC in the hospitals the doctors have struggled very bravely to keep things running during the bombing They were having to do amputations on children all the time Every day that they're having to confront that kind of thing They were broken up about it when they were speaking to us these were medical professionals on the verge of tears Unfortunately Ali is by no means unique He said the staff had been funding off looters with their bare hands. Yeah, see nobody responds to any of this And you want to know why cuz it's too embarrassing. They want to you know put their hands over their ears like that little monkey You know, see no evil here. No evil, etc. And they just pretend this didn't really go on Well, this didn't happen. It's just propaganda. It's just out of this propaganda That's all you're just getting sucked in by that all to zero propaganda right 567.0560 pound on 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line WQAM Okay, I wanted to talk to you speaking I wanted to find out What are the chances maybe too early to tell You know damage control and such what are the chances of bush actually getting reelected? What are the chances? Based on the possibility who Democrats have to run against them. I say they're pretty damn good His chances are gonna be elected Well, who's gonna run against him? I think we can do be dogs right now Okay, well, maybe that's what you're gonna get that's what you're gonna get King Uh-huh Sure beats a lot of the names on here and Drupeduggy dog right jupeduggy dog 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line The drooper Remember that wouldn't want for the gipper. How about win one for the drooper? Or the dripper is a real troopers when I'm here in WQAM Oh, that's lovely. I like a lot. Let's put that on with a hockey even in the background WQAM Yeah, you know when you dial or station it only rings for two minutes and it hangs up Yeah, I'll still call it game. It'll keep you busy. Just keep dialing man. We'd like to keep you occupied And a guy would call them about to run. I got news for you That a cell for a man. He's looking good at being a hot-to-goer besides a guy's man I mean, you know, it might be an all-can-one You talk about he letting you hear his cousin history again. You're the one What? Oh, I want Well, for pretty good man I'm gonna say it again. I'll go ahead and read in three of the greasy schools have ever seen in my life That game should end at two nothing throughout or you have no clue what you're talking about He made his Indian good saves, but he made it in three or horrible cheesy goals they wrote about it in the papers here And they know a little bit more about it probably than you do sir Good going Miss Maulers another one of our good South Florida hockey calls. I'll ride When I could it was the best no- An alarming trend The United States military continues to discharge lesbian gay and bisexual linguists despite a critical need for language specialists As originally reported by an Nathaniel Franken the November 18th 2002 issue of New Republic Service members legal defense network SLDN provided legal assistance to nine linguists trained in Arabic and Korean during the fall last year Today the Washington Post report that SLDN is now assisted 24 linguists targeted to under don't ask don't tell Nine of those assisted have been trained in Arabic eight were Korean language specialists and three were trained to speak farce SLDN is also provided assistance to two Chinese and two Russian linguists Our nation faces a serious shortfall in the number of trained professionals who can speak into separate languages Critical to our national security said SLD and executive director C. Dickson Osborne They continued firing of lesbian gay and bisexual Americans who are trained in those languages underscores the detriment of don't ask don't tell in our nation According to a government accounting office a GAO study released January 2002 the army faces a critical shortfall in linguists needed to translate intercept and interrogates suspected terrorists Report concluded that snapshot falls in adversely affected agency operations and Compromise US military law enforcement intelligence counterterrorism and diplomatic efforts, but if they're gay just go away. Oive Correct Kathleen Glover a recently discharged Arabic linguist wrote in the moderate Harold newspaper that the fear that we all feel in these hostile environments is a constant presence It drives some of us into severe depression and others of us to seek discharge in order to protect ourselves This is the only way we can ensure our safety since the upper rights of the military refused to do so Senator Russ fine cold of Wisconsin recently remarked on the Senate floor that not only does the don't ask don't tell policy waste time money and linguistic skill It also initiates discrimination against those who simply want to serve their country Where presented Barney Fag a franker Massachusetts called the discharges a new height of stupidity and he is absolutely correct I like that I don't it was not one of the reasons that they gave first the temporary length we had the information We did have a minute of interpreters we didn't have it. I could speak Arabic we were getting all that chatter But we can interpret it we couldn't put our spies in over there because we didn't have the right people to speak through my languages But God forbid should they be homosexual man the same kind of right wing lunacy continues going on and never gonna change with this crowd That's all they know That's all they know is panoring to the same narrow minded sick twisted hypocritical right wing assholes That's that's what you got That's the crowd that stole your election folks and in meantime we got a whole bunch of American sitting back on Like that which that's really an American to say that in it. Yeah did do do do do do do do do do do do do Dumbo Dumbo Dumbo Dumbo That's so on American knew it. No, it's not it's just the truth the fact that we got so many stupid on educated people running around That's not an American to talk about it It's an American to allow it. That's what's on American the sit back and allow it and the thing it's a big joke And of course when you're dealing with people who think that whoever wins a golf match is what's important in life And you know what you're dealing with you know what you're saying what he said 26 but I don't remember's got a great deal on balls this weekend 26 after 11 at 5 60 WQA and here's some great deals speaking of fantastic undetable deals and of course They're waiting for it. Hell at Pontiac GMC from our good friends Tom Laman Joe creator and all the gang and hell it Three great Neil deals right now near this moment. Neil the oh number one gets 0% financing for 60 months in every Pontiac or GMC and stock Neil the oh number two get up to a $4,000 rebate on every new GMC and Pontiac and stock that is correct Get up to a $4,000 rebate on every new car truck and stock Neil the oh number three if you're currently a GM smart Lisa smart by customer and rubbish of a blazer and worlds provide or GMC Jimmy By our Lisa new Pontiac or GMC and get you an extra $1,000 off the price stop by how that and test drive the all new and powerful Pontiac Grand Prix how about Pontiac GMC they've been treating people great and they've been making unbeatable deals for 35 years And that same spectacular location 134.01 South to see how it that's on US runner at across from the falls open every day seven days a week for more info called the Neil deal hotline at One triple eight five three four forty two eleven that's one eight eight eight just like what the Vs probably in the all week 888 five three four forty two eleven don't forget all Neil the assembly equipment approval See dealer for the tales and hell of Pontiac GMC who definitely are professional grade Working I'm a vampire I'm a vampire I'm a vampire I'm a lesbian, I'm a lesbian I'm a lesbian, I'm a lesbian I'm a lesbian, I'm a lesbian I'm a lesbian, I'm a lesbian I'm a lesbian, I'm a lesbian I'm a lesbian, I'm a lesbian I'm a lesbian, I'm a lesbian I'm a lesbian, I'm a lesbian I'm a lesbian, I'm a lesbian I'm a lesbian, I'm a lesbian I'm a lesbian, I'm a lesbian I'm a lesbian, I'm a lesbian I'm a lesbian, I'm a lesbian too far 60, you know? I am just 80 so I'm 40 my very expensive thanks paper what I said was yesterday whatever hell is fancy fancy facts yeah on his craft that you just sent me about Robert Fisk that's a more encroached this is the worst piece of soul I have ever read in my life always be the right wing propaganda please don't do this again Carlos you're ready for that scene actually getting a fit it get your ass fitted that's what I was asking about so can we get Carlos's ass fitted I'm not sure what he's talking about five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless line George knew a two to four four loader they'll hardly this afternoon on federal decide the open park but a book and then noon to two tomorrow bill side was a but about a savings on Northwest thirty six we just was to twenty seven hundred Miami stop by in the take a look at him well I mean I don't know what they're gonna do there what are they gonna do there again chat chat try to grab up some of the free right of course George needs the money that's what you see well it's a holiday weekend probably not too many people will show up but George keeps these little scams going because he's not getting paid too much you know right and so we need to see other hey I don't know why nine keeps ring because I'm never gonna answer it WQAM I love McDonald and I love it in my fries like the German now okay eat this WQAM hey hey you know okay oh hey you know I see I say sent all the punch back to be formed for a little bit hey you know the other path you can and saying is amazing to me how now you look at his what he says and that's his starts to make sense you know he's starting to be very moderate that's right well it's it's he's been saying pretty much the same thing but now the problem is is that if you look at the last point of view and you look at the right point of view you need to one really has the answer if you leave it alone it's gonna blow up on our faces some point because we've been in bed with him for how many years and if you do with the right says we serve cells into a war that's gonna last the rest of our lifetime but if we would isolate ourselves and say you know what let those people play with their own bond I'm not agreeing with the path you can on that you can't isolate yourself in a world of wait is today that's ridiculous well it's too late that's why it's too late to do that now it's a war already in bed with every day but it was always too late it was always too late you can't do that in the world the the way the ones become just to the world is too small now you can't do that yes but I mean what I was you know which way is the right answer though the right answer is not to be military adventurous than to start trying to colonize the world that's the right way but if you start to take care of our own people here first before we're gonna go over there and and rebuild the democracy there let's start to go away to about getting democracy back here first you don't think it's too late for that no I hope not what does that mean in other words what can have any more lessons but what you're talking about just back in the office and saying you know what what not for anything about anything happened over there we're just going to sit back on our hands and let everything happen you don't think it is that what I just said does that we just got through saying what it's not like to me sir get the whiny side of your ears okay please does that what I said what you said fill in my any who's getting to be really it's getting a little boring here all these people whining about the freedom of speech Tim Pucke stand the baseball hall of fame for another stand and Tim stood up and spoke and we sponsored what he felt was unjust and he is everywhere to do so if you have something to say that's important you have people who are willing to listen to all this on whatever whatever you say in Berlin my news becoming very chronic he means well but a little bit curried away with himself pontificates just calm down Bill okay cut back in a fact is to 15 a day here's what it says from a lady in Hollywood I want to thank you for a few slave at a bed time stories lady if I kept reading the bed time stories these last several months out of an out of business already I was enjoyed hearing them and now yeah you enjoyed them and the beiner boy and now the links they provided just to tremendous wealth of information thank you say well that's good see there on the your website for those who are cared or read them or have somebody read them to them I saw a boring for columnbinders today should be it should be required to inferamerican you seen it and that's your mind's been going to go out and get a copy this weekend is available right on DVD yes regarding the peanut website I guess there are many right wing yahu's that would agree with the agenda of the US world domination I could possibly be persuaded the wish to take on world leadership role however sending intruits to the main in killings and people is no anything way to lead didn't we fight a word of event a certain European dictator from doing the same thing you're correct about Vietnam remember some 40 years old my brother served four tours I was one of those children who asked for world peace for Christmas if the Republicans get their way and I can't read his next line who generation these children's we boosted toward perpetual aggression ps tyrant holding for with three minutes had to give up well sorry lady how do you would be thanks for the facts okay so easy was well to fact it in right as opposed to hanging on waiting for me to answer the phone we wouldn't be doing the screen list but Georgia's talk Carlos very very well and Carlos refuses to answer the phones five six seven five seven he don't want to talk to those people out there and you know something I can't blame him when you come right down with who now does I mean there's a few of them I'd say what percent would you say when we call today not a good with it and then we got 70 percent mouth-beaders because it's a holiday and a punk scum nothing better to do and they're going to call up I like my dog also we got the little Cuban circles you're a god there they're in a feeding frenzy today and about a beat better but I you know as usual almost nobody responding to any of the things that I'm talking about I started the show talking about watching them we'll be born on the 4th of July with Tom Cruise last night and about how the timing of my watching is so perfect for what's going on right now and we've just finished with all this butchering last four weeks does any as one person addressed that today no no because they can't just talk about a lot of generalized horsecraft like this last guy's gonna be a letter well you're saying we should just sit back and I didn't say that that's what Papio cannon is saying about isolating ourselves from the rest of the world you can't do it but we need different leadership not a bunch of corrupt aluna takes it are controlled by big business I mean how stupid can a public be well let's do the trickle down again okay Reagan was able to push down here we got a little one in there let's get another big fat one for all our good buddies big business okay more tax cuts for the rich rather than reverse and a public sits back like that man you talk about rape you know most always talking about gang rape is fine must me because the biggest gang rape I've ever seen is going on right now in his country gang rape is fun yeah it's a panic it must be enjoying it they must like be an honor receiving in if you know I mean back to them WQAM QAM yeah I'll speak to Neil please speaking Hi Neil um two things um last week you had a story about this reverend who had all this water and you couldn't take a shower and let's right uh uh I'm a kid that's good hurting couldn't you couldn't have any water you couldn't drink or do anything unless you would be baptized well and Vietnam that guy would have been dead in the day would be amazing how actions happen but um and I just couldn't believe that when I heard that if it's on the news obviously people they're no about it mm-hmm we're kind of we're kind of people got run stuff today lunatics just like just like Franklin Graham and his Baptist friends I want to go over and convert all these schmothands to Christianity yeah we'll have to look to them exactly I think hang in there paly and that's right we're not only going to export democracy our kind of democracy with uh off mud shallabi and with uh Jay Garner and all these people that you don't want any part of all these people that either never would ever before in their lives or haven't been here in 40 years and people that don't have your best interest at heart and not only that but we're also going to send some evangelists over there and take away your your uh grotesque infidel attitude right they'll be better off that's right we're going to make you an offer it's kind of like crusades part two is what it's like part five well hundred we're going to questionize baby we're going to spread the gospel accordion George W that's what we're going to do Christianize all them damn heathens because you know what Franklin Graham said it's a nasty barrel horrendous religion mm-hmm and so we're going to like install it there what you want it or not and then of course the catharture to want their peace but then the pulper crey screw it up he had his chance yeah really screwed up on the wrong side this time he wants a peace five six seven oh five sixty first it's good Friday so we can't criticize the pulped today can we can't we can that's silly old man and address and here all over the world that we got these millions and millions and millions of people all these getskeys running around going here and all of these silly things with a cross and with the all these other ornaments in this these rituals that they're going through because the public this is the way the power structure the war once it boys and girls they want you to be a bunch of lemons of unshaped and just go in there we sight a bunch of cobbledy group that was written by a bunch of superstitious the end of thall thousands of years ago thousands of years ago kind of like when they were making those artifacts that we just got through destroying an arrest at my junior honey it's in 45 at five sixty double to come to you I was just gonna drop something in there I can't find other things you put a plan to look at my side so speak of the sia if you do understand that one of the reasons we went back from orange to yellow alert is to convey the message to the american public but see now that we just concluded this very quick victory over there in this wonderful restored democracy to a country that hasn't had it in a zillion years now we feel a lot safer see right the chatter was done and then what happens on news last night they're talking about his ballad again yeah yeah and i'm a be as well as uh... we're gonna pull some crap wasn't bobby grandma very own vd i senator bobby graham who would get my vote by the way in a heartbeat was needs to be about this months ago yet while we were talking about al-Qaeda and uh... zirwing in unshaped or we know we don't have any weapons of mass destruction uh... he's below was like uh... they're the chigrin woodpile so immediately on a heels of lowering the alert to yellow uh... this is one you know there uh big trouble five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T in horizon wireless line w q a m you sir any a worry this one okay uh... just amazed that we need to the screenless to the amount of more out to come out of the well part of the experts in the clock that's what's out there man oh my gosh i mean people just don't have any of the college at the same no they don't this call it a good i will move the move the that's a real a couple of that's a sterley like you don't stop it we need people are obviously they're not new they've listened to your show before they know you have a dump button but their brains have been dumped obviously well sir there are a lot of people out there who enjoyed that okay so we have a little something for everybody people with an IQ larger than fifty and i keep lower than a minus comp we have a little some for everybody's like a smorgasport is an amazing program to listen to when you're a uh... uh... i'm up at four already on just a maze and everything you say well i've been doing it for twenty seven years in this town so you can imagine how it may die and i'm real amazed take a deep breath and we all just laid out a good sleep there you go okay have a weekend you'll set the alarm okay five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on a eighty what's this he's this fact me unfriking believable says newsweek story uh... bra baker and bots the law firm defending the Saudis and lawsuits found by victims of nine eleven the baker and oh no oh no this is gonna room i hope we can sorry baker and bots they're defending the Saudis and the lawsuit filed by victims of nine eleven the baker in this law firm is james baker the turd you turn who's also the league council for the car law group and was the point man for George Burstern election uh... two thousand mecon remember him from a bush one of course when we're talking about those damn juzum for for a anyway see just another piece of the nine eleven puzzle the liberal media will never touch liberal of course in quotes just think about it your nearest and nearest din and incident that the president doesn't prevent you sue the parties responsible and your president's lawyer defend them defending the Saudis fifteen of the nineteen uh... hijackers were Saudi Arabian and the victims of the uh... uh... atrocities are sue in the assaudy government and the meantime james baker the third in his law firm are defending the Saudis reading council for the car law group of course bushers and it's in law and all these forbids and agreement business together one area go but don't confuse this with the fact okay we don't want to hear the stuff cami right this on american stuff see this is the reason why was so easy for them to do it right right in for a right in public you not not behind closed doors not in the darkness of night right after in public right in front everybody's knows this take away the election and those steel back the controls of the government that been taken away from them for eight long years it was just forming a them all to get back in it was kind of like the same guys they sent down their date county they were practically standing out the side of the doors of the white house banging on the door right i said that was the same thing and they thought a way to get back in w q a m w q a m any idea okay uh... by the way bowling for column line is not coming out of the vd for quite a few months it was supposed to come out in a broad but because the war is they're going to really fit the theaters but how about it side said now in video tape uh... not that it will be out there you know like late august or never or even i thought it was supposed to be this month April something it was supposed to but they pulled the release or believe the release because they're going to be going to really fit the theaters because the war's because of the one they were okay so yeah i had an pre-order for dvd and got notified anyway uh... and also more thing about your site i got the uh... the pictures of the kids a lot of my friends are you know going to find it you can pass it with that but but you know i want to commend you having to encourage put that on there to show the other side of the war because uh... i'm not sure whatever happened with all those peaceful descent of the war i mean you know we need to get out there and you know that people see what's going on over there you know it's not all uh... happy cheering and uh... you know thrones of bush supporters so you know little communication to you for having to encourage put that on there okay just i said i think it's important to see amen to show me a lot of the key and keep it the good work thanks five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen ten horizon wireless line all but you didn't see those wonderful demonstrations of the point out that statue the orca i mean it's just amazing how many stories there are and they're available it felt like some secret dark place they have to go and run in the find them all of this orchestrated manipulated bullcraft for public consumption of course very willingly they're seeing an ms and bc and fox foaming at the mouth so they can show the propaganda the american public just like just like the generals used to lie through their teeth night after night during vietnam went on for years during the military briefings and all we only had four american casualties this week and we killed fifty thousand and gooks and bapa bapa bapa bapa we did this and we did that and the kissanir was saying pieces in our hand yeah peace on you Henry you not see bastard five six seven oh five sixty i still think that the guy from uh... the excess is not a sir father father married not the not the priest the one the uh... the uh... director the one that uh... fall at the window and all the work is a bit of the fact that the record right right in her movies got a little bit of the tipsy there he'd have to be a drunk i tipsy at the party you're not a bastard and some of that scene in the kitchen was great of course i do the spirit of price compelled him to fall right outside i window and his head twisted my mark up pressle w q a n yeah i mean yes man tell me about the take on on what's happened correctly over half a million people voted for gore but bush got in half a million more yet for gore yet even though it's a poor more than an hour so are for what's a man i love uh... for us yeah and then the three branches of government and they went to war uh... and i pretty store about that uh... the three branches of the good this president is rotten to the poor and and what more can we say in james will see says were in world war poor but anyway i'm sorry i'm blessing poetic so the three branches of government are taken over by the republicans right that means the fourth state uh... the the class right all-all now taken everybody so that's all four branches of government well the electronic media anyway because like i said the beginning of the show they're regulated by the fcc and of course michael polished your money fcc and they got everybody shaking in their boots and so the goose stepping in line because they want to get the right approval for our buying up whatever or tv stations they can and so they don't want to defend anybody so they're like who's been right along so that's a done deal so that's the only the only of like i said we got is the print media which can find on the internet there's plenty of great information about the police the democratic party which traditionally there's always been opposing uh... uh... uh... political party and where are they that's what i don't get in fact i got a great calm here howardine who's you know is running who's uh... good guy howardine because his bush it bush it's not just a doctor and that's wrong i think money read that you inspired me after the abrake okay great thanks thanks howardine i think he's kind of a timidine i sure like his sausages i'll say that so the amazepita was a sense from jiff comi and i'm here for a few seconds here but i started nervous because when he comes in man he just like sitting down there and taking over and start telling all his pornographic stories and you know this we just can't handle that especially i'm good fried it would be very bad taste it was so good i too much did you really yeah and how about being a boy did he like it because you know like anything nothing haven't tasted yet i ate but he brought me something just for me talking yeah what what did he bring you veal for the heathen all try the meal it's the best of the city so you don't want oh that's right he would need to mottse a piece of because it's jiff food and isn't that funny i just mentioned timidine god it's just amazing how i weave all of this send a one big ball of crap you know i just amazed myself sometime and helpful of it i am just like the thing about massive peak war i was thinking that while i was watching and in fact in the beginning of the movie they sure either flashback when he was a little kid growing up in the school and it's as massive peak were long i don't know i thought i just got through talking about massive peak one year two days ago it's all psychically coming oh my god i put that damn is clear to shame neal psychic hotline baby makes some reals of it talking about fifty percent of these but the guy was right that's said that's the way it is that's the show okay and that's what they want you know we've we've tested this out for a hundred years and that's what they want they want a little bit of serious stuff they want some comedy bits they want some idiots on the phone they want uh you know just a way to kill four hours that's all we're not gonna save the world in south Florida the land of the walking dead waiting smell the death of the to jam in the air we're not are we but we don't do a Randy well well she'll save the world come out Randy do it she said next we she's gonna do it don't be knocking the goddess okay she's doing her best she's doing her little part there okay now if you can just hear that station anywhere WQAM oh yeah sir along time this in the first time color okay mine you should be a president and why you don't want to election the mid election coming up yeah okay thank you mine okay okay okay there you go that's the kind of call we like man i'm gonna let me strap myself down in the seat because the next option that comes like that will just pull me right out of the chair i haven't got a part of the chair once that i better get up i'm gonna get a blood clot yeah i'm gonna get a oil clot now do i haven't have any lives bonus next break do i cause i already threw the long away i beg your pardon nope i wasn't asking you okay was asking George no but no he's been getting a little bit out of control since he's doing such a good job on a website and i've been talking about that a lot which is true he's doing a phenomenal job on a website and i was got Eric all you know depressed and uh he goes wounded more so than usual and now he started moving on George's territory so we're getting his ass fitted for George's chair and so it's a very transparent it's a transparent a ten for another bloodless cool okay and i guess he's been watching his recent history why and local we're sports radio 566 u a u a m i'm proud he's got a russian latin and i like scrubbing my smelly gorilla as with soap made from jewels and listening to the new roke i'm gonna use the hour oh – Sit. There is the rope at the bottom. Give him strength. Bite it with an granted hand. We need to不要her. Oh my god you know not Cookie Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh—and, yeah—vience upon time. Ok, come on to a 5 or 60, WCan't Come It So We're Famous A Nune 1 hour and we got the mad dogs, and Yim'and That's Your One The Humper Hank October Get 3, and Dan Marlin's on Drek At 6.35 Marlin is at the Mechat primitive State of Vienna, and the Ashpless Island too-Oh— It's a G Plow Braged Woods Man. Edike healed of the Medinsson, A W.M. refueling from GMG, and a ESPN radio overnight. Jim Baker James Baker the turd just part of the law firm that's defending these Saudis Well, there's one it's very long a macaroni winu, but it says Baker and Bob salt and law firm still both former secretary of state James Baker's one of its senior partners. It's recent alumni include Robert Jordan the former person lawyer for president Bush Who's now US ambassador to Saudi Arabia? Oh, a cow. What a series of coincidences, you know? Man Anyway, Howard Dean is running for president from Vermont. He's not running for president of the whole US just from Vermont No, seriously, he's a good guy. He writes Bush. It's not just his doctrine that's wrong He says after reading a recent article I called into question my opposition to Bush doctrine of preemptive war I wanted to state my position clearly to set the record straight I appreciate the editors of common dreams that give me disoperability When Congress approved the president's authorization to go to war in Iraq no matter how well intentioned It was giving the green light to the president to set his doctrine of preemptive war in motion It now appears that Iraq was just the first step Already the Bush administration is apparently eyeballing Syria and Iran is the next country's uninstorched list The Bush doctrine must be stopped here Many in Congress have voted for this resolution should have known better on September 23rd 2002 Al Gore Carson and his speech in San Francisco, but if the Congress approved the Iraq resolution just proposed by the administration It simultaneously creating the precedent for preemptive action anywhere anytime This remaining future president so decides and that is why was such a big mistake for Congress to allow the president to set this dangerous precedent Too much as it's stake we've taken decades of consensus on the conduct of foreign policy by partisan consensus in the US and consensus among our allies in a world community and turned it on its head It could well take decades to repair the damage this prison and this cohort of right-wing ideological advisors have done to our standing in the international Community There is a radical view of our world in the world the president who campaigned on a platform of a humble foreign policy has instead begun implementing a foreign policy characterized by dominance Errogance and intimidation the title wave of supporting goodwill letting Gulfis have to the tragedy of 911 has dried up and been replaced by undercurrents of this trust Skip this is him in hostility by many who have been among our closest allies This unilateral approach to foreign policy is a disaster all of the challenges facing the US from winning the war on terror and Continuing weapons of mass destruction to building an open world economy and protecting the global environment can only be met by working with our allies A renegade go at a loan approach will be doomed to failure because these challenges no no boundaries The largest most sophisticated military in the history of the world cannot eliminate the threat of sleep or terrorist cells That task requires the highest level in tell-dance cooperation with our allies Even the largest most sophisticated military in the history of the world cannot be expected to go to war against every evil dictator who may possess chemical weapons This calls for an aggressive and effective diplomatic effort conducted in full cooperation with a united international community and Preferably with a backing of multilateral institutions. We help to build for justice purpose This challenge requires treaties Such as the nuclear non-properation treaty that this administration is sometimes treated cabal early in any case or should be a last resort or an option to be used in the face of an imminent threat The UN Charter specifically protects the right of self defense against armed attack and most agree that action against imminent threat is also Justify as President has been the case with all previous President. I will not hesitate to use our military might to protect our people or nation from an imminent threat But you will not find a dean administration turning to the option of force in the first instance as this president does The immediate task ahead of the next president will be to begin rebuilding our relationships with our allies We can work in concert tackling these challenges the next president will need to undo the work of this band of radicals Currently controlling our foreign policy who view the Middle East is a laboratory for their experiments in democracy building We're no such traditions exist They were approachable drastically changed the view that world is ahead of the US Our nation should be viewed as a moral and just power a part that seeks to do good One that's led by example with a skirt of generosity and one that works with the world community and passing the ideals of human dignity and rule of law across the globe The people of this country must understand that this administration is a far different concept of the role of American the world This concept involves imposing our will on sovereign nations this concept involves dismantling the multilateral institutions that we've spent decades building and This concept involves distorting the world of law to suit their narrow purposes When did we become a nation of fear and anxiety when we were once known the world around is a land of hope and liberty? On day one of a dean president see our reverse this attitude. I'll tear up the bush doctrine and I'll steer us back to the company of the community of nations Where we'll exercise moral leadership once again and not only will I seek to help the division the presence caused in the world community But also begin the process of healing the divisions. He's exploited here at home This president chainlessly divides us from one another He divides us by race as he did when he claimed that the University of Michigan uses quotas in law school admissions He divides us by class by rewarding his campaign donors with enormous tax cuts while the rest of us are deprived of affordable health care Prescription drugs for our seniors and good schools for our kids He divides us by gender by seeking to restrict group productive choice for women He divides us by sexual orientation by appointing reactionary judges to the bench and as he didn't text us by refusing to sign the hate crimes Bill of Included gay or lesbian Americans at potential victims It's a bush doctrine of domestic division and I want to be the president who tears that doctor up to I want to restore a sense of community in this country When it's not enough to worry whether your own kids have health care, but whether your neighbors kids have health care I want to go to the south and talk about race while white southern is have been flocking to Republican party in recent years But I want offer them hope that their children will benefit from better schools and affordable health care too The Republican party is done nothing for working people black or white and we need to remind Southern white folks that the only hope for better schools and better job opportunities and Health care is that that is affordable is a democratic president I'm what is commonly referred to as a social liberal and physical conservative. I'm proud of the fact that his governor I routinely balanced the budget which was not required to do by Vermont's Constitution and paid down our state that by nearly a quarter I had to make tough decisions and I'll admit that some of them didn't make the progressive community happy But I made those decisions because I have a guiding principle at social justice must rest upon a foundation of fiscal discipline Because of that approach to governance for Monterey is not cutting education is not cutting Medicaid despite the perilous economic times brought on by the bush fiscal policies One of my goals is a presidential candidate is to represent the democratic wing of the Democratic Party Align a popular by the late Paul Wellstone some of question why I would so closely align myself with the politician who's politics were considerably more liberal than mine The fact is that I admired Paul Wellstone greatly not only because of his politics But because he stood up for his beliefs and fought for them until the day he died I can only hope that some day people will say the same about me that I too remain true to my core principles no matter what I believe that the Democratic Party needs to stand for something if we want people to vote for us and by standing against the bush doctor Interpretive war and domestic division we may yet rediscover the soul of our party Right how we're doing I've heard about that During that reading social liberal fiscal conservative right that's it that's what we want as opposed to right wing fanatic lunatic which is what we got Hey, speaking of fanatic lunatic. Yes, the beast just waddle through the door Psychic powers again. I lost a 1.9 pounds since Monday 190.5 on my skill. What do you got? Fatsau you tub he's going through the Procedure and what's the look on his faces you're giving that kind of like real he's not he's grinning. He's always smiling He's a man. There's a bit of confidence Is there really to new candy bar maybe he picked up the new Rogers fat challenges Especially when on the day after doctor Bob died, you know Is he on a scale yet no he's still Unballing no no yeah, I know he was already doing the purgeon puke in the tea room okay It's not full of me was in the old purgeon puke. Let's go. Let's get on a scale I'm really long Because walking past the heat the box There goes the belt You can put a three that you want to take your hand off Yeah, he's on the scale And two pounds That's an improvement four times we lost last time He's lost 62 pounds and balance for life the beast It's an improvement you're getting there. I'm waiting for my last my black sack here is so full of crap Put away the monster the monsters all car by hydrates okay all carbs, but it's it's pays off You know something you got more goddamn excuses than fat boy. That's what you got No more excuses, okay? Can't eat the lemon bread. It's pays off no more excuses. You can't eat any bread You need the bitter herbs. Yeah, we got some bitter herbs for it. I'm gonna come over and beat the crap out of you If you don't get with it you fat tub if we're trying to save your life and spider your hurricane allegiance Okay, can he eat the gefilter fish jelly spider the fact that Mo had a fire your ass off that morning show Because you were so goddamn unprofessional. Oh by the way I'd like to ask this question We do have that promotion coming up about the hot couples again. We're gonna do that again in May. Yes, now is any Is anybody working on that? I saw that memo from Miguel yesterday, but it didn't smell too good I mean what what's the story are we working on a way we're gonna do this or Okay, it's only April 18, but I'm just worried about how it's gonna appear on a website when it's gonna happen It just you know it will appear and it will happen I was looking Monday to put something up so people can start getting accommodated and start getting the pictures ready Very good. It'll be the same kind of a thing Like the pictures to contest the orators dot com that sort of thing. Okay, and don't let me forget after the outbreak We got to be OJ story. I might just do a whole lot of bedtime story. OJ okay on my tabloids here I think we already pressed the callers to their limit today. You know, they and they we had a few good ones in here Huh Yeah, about 30 bad ones in about five good when that's okay. It was all right Was our kind of a day okay? A little bit like I said the smorgas board on your radio a little bit of everything as Supposed to that right wing fanaticism. Are you sure that you hear so much of like 99% of the time Including from people you never would have expected it from people to sold out. I want to mention no names people of totally So raw. Yeah, but wait a second. Get about it too late 1213 at 560 WQM ever thought about getting you a wireless phone absolutely everybody does You know how valuable it is to keep in touch with your business associates during the day as well It's been connected with your family all the time. I'll don't post one at another minute get it done today Just make one easy called a wireless city your team mobile authorized either call them tool free one triple eight 222 8080 and wireless city will deliver today right to your home or your business a new wireless phone ready for you to use Wireless city a team mobile authorized data can offer you service plans perfect for you like there are new 3999 plan with 600 whenever minutes and unlimited weekends call wireless city right this one. Why to think about it? One triple eight two two one 80 80 call today and get yourself the new small size Nokia 3390 with vibrating call alert and hands free Just call one triple eight two two one 80 80 service agreement requires he printed materials or authorized Representative at wireless city for limited and completed tails wireless city your team mobile authorized either calm today 1 8 8 8 Like to be stood all week long 8 8 8 2 2 1 80 80 Why do you best I cellphone withce Collection Both Are you? Ever since this presidential race became Live up in one to two is going to win Some poverty people went to do their voting chore So count up all the ballots and find out who's gotten more Those old folks seem to have one thing in common Looks like lots of them just keep their votes to Patrick, you can't end So I'd like to know who won the election Yes, I'd like to know who won the election Count the vote count the vote baby count the vote Count the vote over count the vote Count the vote baby count the vote count the vote Over count the vote The final tabulation started coming in Then I saw a new splash on Channel 10 Some angry people all together in a bunch They said they were confused and didn't know which hold upon Those old folks seem to have one thing in common Looks like lots of them just keep their votes to Patrick, you can end So I'd like to know who won the election Said I'd like to know who won the election Or I'd like to know who won the election Yes, I'd like to know who won the election Count the vote count the vote baby count the vote Count the vote over count the vote Count the vote baby count the vote Count the vote over count the vote I'm in a book bush Count the vote I'm in a book I'm in a book bush Count the vote I'm there in a mug Count the vote To miss up to bad Count the vote To miss up to bad Count the vote Prop 21 to 560 WM here's a Suggested poll Yeah, there's most of them using protest signs Drop bush knock bombs Who would have thought W is stood for war This is kind of cute, I'll say it There are 65 and all hold on to the others Really? Yeah Wooow Some of our questions Okay, I said we can use that all next week sounds good to me OJ Shocker, this is in the National Enquirer So there's a pretty good chance some might be true OJ Shocker, I want Sydney to disappear I'd air like that What? Poor Sydney There's a picture of Sydney Who by the way looks pretty good in that picture Yeah, OJ Simpson stunned bar patrons in Miami as he complained bitterly about his 17 year old daughter And then made what someone this took as a thinly veiled threat on her life The inquiries learned exclusively To out when this is described a shocking sense scene where they saw OJ Also, many of that he's beaten Sydney and while trying to get patrons to do drugs with him Confested he stalked his girlfriend Christie Proaded the same way it stalked that swifnic hole But the most stunning part of OJ's out of birth was when he said I wish Sydney would disappear just like her mother did Oh my god I couldn't believe when I heard a one-woodness told the inquire after taking in Simpson's comment about Sydney at the stake in Albar It was absolutely disgraceful It sounded to me like he wants to dead Another shock bar patron declared when those words passed is let's immediately got sick to my stomach And then to make matters worse he let out this deep hearty laugh I've always felt that he probably killed Nicole But after hearing that I fear for Sydney's safety now So does Nicole sister in these brown OJ murdered my sister and the mother of his children He's capable of anything that needs to be inquire When I heard those words about Sydney disappearing like her mother It sent chills down my spine I just hope and pray it doesn't do the same thing to her they did to my sister He could snap again I wouldn't put anything passed and I'm concerned about Sydney all the time But she knows we're always there for her And when she turns 18 and can legally move away from her father She knows she always has an open door in our home But a friend of Fencemson maintaining that when he says he wishes Sydney would disappear like the cool He doesn't necessarily have murderous intent But rather he's looking for Forward that a Sydney leaves home as the colded following their marriage breakup Maybe he just wants Sydney to get out of the house and stop driving him nuts It's still not a very nice thing to say about your daughter the friend said Simpson revealed his sick talk to make Sydney disappear at the end of a tie rate He launched about his teenage daughter He was sitting at the bar at a stake in Alrestraught and he was house in Kendall Said the eyewitness along with the other paid to nest at their names not be published for fear Simpson could target them for revenge He was downing Mondryk after another complaint bitterly about Sydney said they're constantly fighting can hardly control her anymore He called Sydney a real nasty bitch and my burden he said he hates her. He also meant that he's hit her more than once OJ banged his fist on the bar and told me the only way I know how to deal with her is to yell on scream at her I don't know any other way to resort any type of control over her. I just can't handle her. She wants to move out the day she turns 18 trust me when that day comes I'll hold the door wide open Simpson said the pair recently had a vicious fight. OJ said she started yelling at him and said stay the F out of my life Throughout his drinking session Simpson tried to find somebody to smoke marijuana with him the eyewitness revealed OJ spent most of the night looking for somebody to party with he has several people if they wanted to go burn a joint in his truck He asked me to but I don't do drugs to this whoever the other bar patron a woman told the inquire OJ asked me if I wanted a smoke some urge or we need with him I politely turned him down When contacted by the inquire to come and our story Simpson insisted that Sydney is like any other girl her age He's just fine Simpson said he did not threaten Sydney But in the bar OJ did admit stalking his girlfriend Christie Proty He said he's been having problems with Christie the outwinnist to slow he said I was once crazy for her But she's full of problems When I asked him what kind of problems he said Cocaine she does way too much Cocaine he then said that more than once he's disappeared for days at a time eventually He said he'd have to go find her and he always knew where to go he always found her in a particular drug dealers house She'd be there for days doing cocaine nonstop he said Then OJ said something shocking that reminded the eyewitness of the night Nicole and Ron golden and more murdered the eyewitness said He turned to me and said you know what I'd have to do to get her out of that druggy's house I'd have to sneak out of his property so nobody could see me then slick around the backyard till I could make my way up to the house and get her I've hidden in that fool's yard more times than I can remember when he said that all I could think of was how they accused him of seeking around the cold property before the killings And peeping through the windows peeping through the keyhole To hear him talk about doing practically the same thing was girlfriend was chilling says this story in the equals 29 national inquiry J I'd be like that Chili It is chilling To be talking about his chill in that way 26 past noon at 5.60 WQM mad dog coming at one The Panthers in a heat forget about them for this season Colis basketball finito the marlins also a very rocky start And that often won't get started for another three months and spread of that drag next week But wait there's still some live action going on where you can be winner and have a great time Pompito park harness track is open for live harness racing Four nights a week every like I said three nights a week when they Friday and Saturday first post time seven fifteen free general parking admission is free to come out to Pompito park enjoy the thrill of my time horse racing action and of course every Wednesday at Pompito park is dollar night free draft beer free hot dog So does a lot more and you got seven days a week Simeo Cassie and Pompito park starting in noon with thoroughbred highlight harness racing from all across North America This Saturday is in tomorrow April 19 bring out the kids for special family fun night featuring an Easter egg hunt for kids 12 and under With a thousand hit needs to raise you following this no A thousand in Easter eggs. I'd sell for those canber eggs It all gets started at seven o'clock plus the Easter Bunny will be tracked side free mini horse ride to magician and live music and dancing like Joey Carr would say music and dancing and dining S. Joey Carr would say. See you lately. Not lately good. Pompito park don't forget the action live Wednesday Friday and Saturday post On the night seven fifteen a box off of the line of govr on power line road bring a briefcase full of cash Mimeo This is sports for you five six Way of two way Bill Nicole He's been through the keyhole watching modern dad He's been through the keyhole the most while we ever had Mimeo and dad were playing tech by fair on the bed Mimeo's our movies as a teleport got his head Mimeo's head was Bobbin. She almost got with flash I don't know what she was drinking but she got a noop must bash He's been through the keyhole and show what I see Well, sure you like it more than anything on TV Mimeo and dad were hooked together like my LinkedIn wants Was I my so a something like that? Mimeo was yelling at the door Dad was breathing heavy. Mimeo was on her knees He was a pat on poop or caustic and wealthy peas He's been through the keyhole watching mom and dad Mimeo's head was moving to the most funnier He ever had or we watched a little longer And I started to get sick if daddy's name is Albert One mom asked for a kick Tanny grown in his eyes broke back Mimeo wanted more She went back on top of him but all he did was snore Mimeo's head was snore I can't wait to try to sell on some girl in my class I'm not gay he says this is in the one of these rags Which one? The glow by belief anyway Who cares which one it's in he says I'm not gay But Brad Pitt and Tom Cruise are hoties You're gay America Idol pretty boy host Ryan secrets as he's not gay But he still thinks Brad Pitt and Tom Cruise are a couple of hoties Many guys won't say But I'll just say look at him that guy's absolutely beautiful 28 year old Ryan said in the frank interview We've been in love with a woman And can understand why he seems to turn them off He's never been in love with a woman And can understand why he seems to turn them off He's never been in love with a woman He thinks Brad Pitt and Tom Cruise are beautiful but he's not gay You're gay Look if I see Brad Pitt or Tom Cruise walking on the street in my head as a man I can look at them and say that guy's good looking he says By saying those things people think I'm gay But I'm not trust me if I work at beginning more action than I'm getting now As for admitting he's never been in love Despite having dated his beauty's playboy playmate brand Brandy Robric Ryan explained I think it has to do with my idiocyccy's Turning women off look a lot of women be turned off hearing We say how hot I think Brad Pitt is What I mean so it probably doesn't help my cause Yeah if he quit saying it over and over again Yeah it's kind of like a message Just not getting them right message Uh Speaking of weird people Somebody we despise Dr. Phil's teen sex shame This also in the globe TV shrink hits below the belt the boost ratings He's exploiting kids and is no excuse for that Dr. Phil Nagra is so greedy for ratings that he's turned his TV talk to you To make cultural cesspool that is exploited a sexuality of young girls say sources All right I think George you're gonna start watching Tell you Oprah Winfrey spin off prodigy recently featured Anguished moms in their crappy daughters on a syndicated show One girl was just 11 years old the other 13 and Learing camera angles shamelessly focused on their scaddly Clad buttocks and crotch areas as they pivoted around Back to you like that like I said bring it up Many Dr. Phil staffers consider that hour to be the lowest kind of freak show And we're hoping that the series won't become more like Jerry Springer Reveals a show insider I don't think Oprah would approve she's always taking a higher road and would probably be Shark to learn how Toddry we've become Good laudy hot Toddry On the show 13 year old Ashley's mom complained that her daughter had Trampy taste and dressed like a horror and admitted to calling the girl a bitch and a slut During the interview the camera showed Ashley checking out her figure in a mirror Is zeroing in under butt and crotch They also pictured her thong underwear with a dollar sign on the crotch and pockets for condoms Georgia's chicken the TV guy. Yeah, see what found this one's not third anywhere. Sorry Sorry to her camp here. Yeah, the camera of crew followed mom and daughter on a shopping street picking into Addressing them to reveal Ashley trying to pair of sexy lace up panties. Oh, she's 13 years old That's exactly once again the camera brazenly zoomed in on the girl another segment E11 year old Victoria rolled up the legs of her boxer shorts and turned down the waistband Revealed her hot pink thong underwear which had her mother Sally seeing red the camera Lingered on a close-up of the umgrylls behind This was double exploitation childwights at Anticholene King tells the globe They're splorted the children on the ear and they did more damage by adding sexual and you windows and sneaky camera angles to make them look even more sexually provocative King regional director of the Washington DC based justice for children pegs the 52-year old TV shrink as a hypocrite Dr. Phil says he tried to expose the problem and protect these kids when effect he's exploiting them she blessed these are Pre-pubescent children who's private parts of being exploited by his camera crews and there's no excuse for that Another expert says Dr. Phil made boost ratings but at the girls expense shame on Dr. Phil for Following for the ratings game rule that sex sells a Dr. Lewis Muller a psychologist who specializes in adolescent behavior Once these youngsters go back to school, they'll track detention and while the boys will be after them for sex Their female friends will resent them for the new found start him Eventually they'll have no friends in their self-respectful tumble even farther Muller ads at troubles at school may turn out to be the least of the girls problems Are we any fear for them because what's different expose a national TV? It's almost impossible to regain any semblance of a normal life she says Muller also says the Dr. Phil Miss say golden opportunity to do some good What the girls needed to hear was how true love is distinguished from sex She says they didn't need to be exploited like underrated girls on a porn or flick. I like that All right, man Beena boys wait to get home to see Dr. Phil. Whatcha? Snoop Dogg Snoop Doggy Doggy Dog's ronchi video could cost him his life Fury over topless teens hide in shooting attack on the rapper Snoop Dog may have been the target of a drive by shooting carried out by an angry father or boyfriend One of the teens exploited and they hit pop stars sorted new girls gone while video friends say The 31 year old rapper was unhinged you when a passenger in a dark cupboard today and recently peppered his convoy with semi automatic handgun fire as a Travel under an LA freeway bullet stuck three of the rappers cars and wounded one of his eight arm body guards Three of hip-hop's biggest stars who packed Shakur no tores b i g and run the MCs jamaster jay have emerged in the past But the embarrassing gg w videos in which College age girls bear their breasts and more and now George is a looking for those Probably has them all have ticked off of people notes a source and Snoop Hawks a new video that he directed in the late night in commercial I mean there are a lot of people really upset by these things as a snoop pal. Let's face it some of these fathers They want to see their little girls topless on some rachi video. It wouldn't mind seeing somebody else's girls on air Snoop who's new single beautiful is currently ranked in the top 10 I thought I thought beautiful was Christine Agalera. I have no idea What what is I know she does have a song beautiful maybe he's going to have a Snoop doggy dog is singin beautiful Maybe I don't know Carlos is checking it Snoop was new single beautiful is currently ranked in the top 10 has been fuding with death row records founder sur a shrug night Night recently bored him in a handful of other artists to watch their backs But some friends think the shooting maybe totally unrelated to the hip hop ors instead resulted from his 60 minute Girls gone while video a part of a series in which young man were filmed young women fill taking off their tap during spring break Marty grott and other celebrations. It's considered the girl. Have you heard he does have a song called beautiful on us through him Some of the girls said they feel exploited and claim and violates their privacy. I feel like this is just as bad as rape Says 11 18 year old woman who appears in one of the videos all of us make mistakes You do something bad, but not everyone's had a video to continue your mind them about it and Snoop was real name is Kelvin brought us And you found himself on the firing line because of his infomercial says a source Snoop is the one face associated with these videos the pal points out People are wondering if some angry father or boyfriend or one of these girls decided to give and take a shot at him if someone's angry and off He just don't know what they'll do they said Once he hears that I think the snoop might to drop a poop or two It'll forget join George today noon to two to four what time is it two for two to four for Lauderdale Harley That's isn't hardly like in a guiding light look it on federal highway just south of open Park Boulevard some free I agree on Crisis and enjoy free food from Atlantic City subs then tomorrow noon to two George will be out of bill side of the Boulevard of Savings on Northwest 36 Registris 277 Avenue Miami. I have some prizes at Atlantic City subs at wait till you meet the crowd that shows up to see George Training the cars Why the차� Vicks you won't have to think because Golden Girls God Wild is two full hours of these ravenous retirees showing loads of wrinkly scams. I am the most attracted and available woman in all of Miami. Golden Girls God Wild these hoties were hot flashes are going tough list every chance they get except when they're arthritis players. No, I'm gonna be even open my eyes again. It doesn't get any sexier than this but they'll take our word for it. Listen to what the Golden Girls are saying about each other. She was fighting for gold. It's Golden Girls God. Wild watch it just one time and you'll agree. Jark Kay in the history of mankind. Golden Girls God Wild. Come out. This is something this is something about all the memos for medium major American television networks. I didn't even finish reading it. I could wait to stick it in the fact machine. Okay, well I don't want to jump into it because we only got a couple of minutes left so I'll save it. I'll bruise it over to wait and save it but it's got a whole bunch of memos near at least quotes from memos that were sent by American TV networks. You could give the side out. Up on to website is. Oh, here it is. What is that? TBR I came reading. TBR news.org. Yes, slash archives. Oh, it says too. Oh, yeah. Well, whatever. TBR news. I read it. Anyway, I'm gonna save this. Let me figure out Monday. This other piece though by that fact, I mean Michael Anjula, senior really in New York press. Slans and smears by Grove put Brock on a block. Like most guys have come as the Washington Post Lloyd Grove is as political as any DC operator. Be certainly knows when you can get away with smearing and whom he cannot. It's a fine line. You better show you have some balls but go too far and you'll have those balls cut off. And this context, someone like David Brock is an easy, virtually costly target and individual fuel mug McCurray regime in Washington would shed a tear over. Surely there's no love that love lost you to be between Brock and Grove's editors at the post either. The author of Best Selling Blinded by the Right After All did make fools a so many journalist in that time of eating that he's and that his supposed to expose is about an eat a hill and build pit and stories with its journalism packed beautifully and sensationally ran were mostly based on fabrication distortion half truths. It was no great surprise then when Grove smeared Brock last year after the publication blighted by the right floating a piece of Mac drug inspired dirt about Brock and his column attempting to discredit him. Nor was it a shock or when Grove went back for a second helping to reach the go slamming Brock in the item about a star studded DC party celebrating the publication of the paperback edition of the book Grove once again offered up the drug sludge on Brock. He also quoted a negative review of the book from last year out of scores of positive reviews and ridiculed sentiment minority leader Tom Dashel and Nevada Democratic Senator Harry Reed for hosting the release party. Well that's what goes okay any friend of Mac Raj ain't no friend of ours except for Lynn. We'll make an exception in your case but only you and it's about time you wise up sweetheart. God, Mac Raj is just a self-hating screamer man just makes my skin curdle. Makes my blood boil. Makes me nauseous makes me want to cook in Persian gag. Speaking of that Lisa Marie's gay affair. The truth in the star of course the truth will set you free. Lisa Marie Presley had a tour of lesbian affair after your emotional abuse by men shook her confidence in the opposite sex and satisfied her style. Did the same sex thing affect all her failed marriages and color relationship to decades later including her divorce from the cage and asked. Star is learned exclusively and Elvis's daughter was so mixed up as a teen boarding school that she threw herself into a gay relationship. Oh my God. Her worried mom, Priscilla took the drastic step to curb Lisa Marie's teen rebellion. She shipped her off to a strict Scientology school you know what that means. In a remarkable coincidence Lisa Marie's then boyfriend recorded a song called by sexual chick and Lisa Marie was spotted hang out in a gay bar. Friends were that the singer's bitter divorce from the cage could send her reading emotionally again. Sources set the record straight on Lisa Marie's travel life after she burials she had in the fair with another girl as a teenager around the time she attended boarding schools. She insisted it was a one-time fling but Lisa Marie 35 was heading for her third divorce. Edmett she still attracted to women and sources of scenery at lesbian bars. On the April 8 Howard sperm show, Lisa Marie confessed to America's most famous shocked yoke and expert at getting celebrities to spill their secrets that she lost her virginity at 15 and had relationship with under girl when she was 16 or 17. Asked whether she dabbled with chicks Lisa Marie replied there was just one. But the stunning singer who's getting raves her new album told Stern, it's not like I haven't had an urge to be with women but I just I'd like to keep it a gay. I didn't like that. She likes to keep it over there on bass three is what she's saying. She's so more record than she, you know, can't out with that. And what a shame we got all this good stuff that I guess we'll also have to wait for next week. How Dr. Louis Maum really died? My cops say it wasn't murder? Ozzy's wife beat up in restaurant and this thing you just asked me is just amazing. It's long been a strong belief of many Americans that their print and television media accepted to certain government oversight and finally control recently a middle-level executive of one of the three major American TV networks set over 1500 pages of memos from the corporate offices of his network in New York to the head of their division of their TV news division. These Maumos contain a multitude of instructions concerning the presentation of national and international news for the Networks viewers. Corporate is obviously subject to the opinions of various pressure groups to include those of official Washington and the Jewish community. It would be impossible to show all these revealing documents but selections are certainly possible. What is not possible is to reveal either the name or conscience trick immediate executive or the company that employs him. These comments they're for can be accepted or rejected by the reader as they fit but if the shoe fits were it. For example March 22 it's not conducive to maintaining an overall neutrality in the Palestine uprisings to show any pictures of the American piecenick that was run over by the Israeli army bulldozer. This is only to mention as a tragic accident towards the IDF is truly saddened. February 10th it's not permitted at this point to user refer to any film clips, stills or articles, emnady from any French source whatsoever. February 26th it's expected that coverage of the forthcoming Iraqi campaign will be identical with the coverage used during desert storm, shots of GI's mushroom a mixed racial combination, any interviews must reflect a useful and idealistic, not the cynical point of view, the liberation of happy enthusiastic Iraqis can best be shown by filming crowds of cheering citizens waving American flags. Also indicated will be pictures of photo genic GI's fraternizing with Iraqi children and handing them food or other non-controversial presence, but candy for example which we've seen numerous times. The shoulders should not show examples of violent death. Also indicated will be brief interviews with English-speaking Iraqi citizens praising American liberation efforts. All such interviews must be vetted by either the White House or Pentagon before public earring. Oh my god, how do you like that? Like, and that's just getting started. I'll save the rest for Monday, okay, a little tease. Oh no, you're wrong Neil, you're about to have a liberal media that's pushing everybody's mind. Oh, I can't go. Here's what's when you'll find yourself from the UAM. The Middle Eastern world will be exploded to dominate people killed with the gas that we sold in first time a crusher nation and they only won that's going. Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing forget about Korean. The news they're coaching at the right Queen is really getting over and over into our head. That Iraq has some weapons of past destruction. Three thousand people killed. Our now forgotten, let's exploit them instead. Hey, there's oil to be caught in going after some down to play Keto Sama. There's no longer mention of the name in Lottis, but no it's even concerned all. I'm being complacent. Believe in every word of this cartelist administration that control this by fear through media manipulation and the right wing is thrilling it over and over and to our heads. That Iraq has some weapons of past destruction. The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying. We're all suspects now and that's the Ash Prop is saying I have nothing to hide. Table partners all are saying I know media can't don't ask any reservations. Out of group battle ends. World annihilation. Old regime's must-mall is how a virgin is dealt with no objection at all. Family prep zone have the balls and the right wing is thrilling it over and over and to our parade was in Iraq has some weapons of past destruction. Oh my god. Only Iraq has some weapons of past destruction. So isn't that fitting we get sucked in right at the end of the show to name Duralin Lee and Pastor Lynch website do not put it on our website do not put a link on there just check out TBR. Oh my god. All right. Oh brother. Eight off would be proud of that website. Let me tell you right now. I was going to go. Thanks for saying me the trouble. Yeah don't even know you don't want to see it. Okay. But it's a damn good thing I just did. Just don't a curiosity because as I continue reading down this thing. She has probably always a good idea to check out some of these websites to see where they're really coming from. Do you think? Because it's those Jews again. You know I'm pace off no less. Oh boy. So there you go. Don't waste your time unless of course you're one of those anti-Semites you might squeeze yourself out your reading it. Because if it's right in with America day anyway. Okay George is going to be out. We already told you right we're ready there. At the methamad dog coming up between one and three we got to hike this afternoon. We got some Marlon baseball. What's not to like? That's the leaves in the flyers to your clock tomorrow at noon. Not on the radio but some of us will be watching. What was the worst chapter to American history we asked? Slavery 133. 2000 presidential election 1117. Slavery the American Indian 78 Vietnam 66 Civil War 63. Assassinations of the 60s 39. A rack attack 27. The president of the Depression 25. Monika Gate 21. Watergate 5. World War 2 5. In terms of the Japanese Americans during WWII World War 1 1. And a Gulf War still has the big O. Look at that. I'm thinking of stealing that 30 seconds back that to keep losing them my boy by. Oh. Gosh you're you I'm 100, yeah I'm my P. 408. Oh. This is really hard shit.