I'm at him at the Marlon's. He's a great guy. Yeah, I'm at him at the Marlon's. Morning Neil. Yeah, good morning Neil. Good morning crap. Yeah, you and yours. There are 500 who's laughing now. Woo hoo hoo, heavy duty, man. What about 85 on a straight line? Hey, listen. You got a great job. You're missing a breaking news story of all time's port story. What? The bronze James on CNBC on the gambling channel. Being interviewed by Maria Bartowromo with a heavy bags under her post. Taking his crotch like he was digging for gold for like 15 minutes. I've never seen anything so gross in my life. That sounds like something I see every morning around here. Yeah, this morning, this morning for else, coming in at Moe, digs for gold in his spectrum and front everybody else. I want you to tell the audience this. He's picturesing them and back of his pants and everybody else and digs her finger very sweet. And the front. I love that he's so comfortable with the Ferrari that he can. He can work that. Mine. I don't want to remind you one thing. The first day that you came on a year. Yeah. And he reached out and shook your hand. Like maybe seconds ago. Oh, they were saying there was some bad art there. A little, all the crap you could run out. A little crap you could unwrap. You could unwrap. You could get a little better. You know, remember, I think a man used to smell that. He smells his collar finger. See how it works now. Oh, see how it works. See how it works. Oh, crap you could unwrap. See what kind of weather systems are blowing through the area. So you've got the blue jays in the Marlins. You're too favorite teams. Toronto's playing great ball. Oh, God. I'm talking about you. Great. Great. Baseball out there, man. What's the problem? Blue jays are only two games out of first. I heard that guy from Canada yesterday called you. He was like, hey, dude, we got to be where do you live up here? It was great. That guy sounded like a friend of mine. I swear to God, he sucked me. And so bad. I thought I was a friend of mine from the hockey news. From their offices there. Probably was Bob McKinsey. Some Montreal. I spoke. I hit for the cycle. I know you're excited about that. I'm talking about the brown james picking his crotch on the worldwide he lives at the December. This guy, this guy has got like like the mad dog would say he's got the IQ of a boxer rock. I hope that he has the worst down nine. He's very dollars for a guy who couldn't write an X to show his word dick. And I'm glad he has to play in crappy Cleveland, which is like playing in hell. And they're going to stink. He's going to stink. And I'm telling you that he's going to show my men. He's a little boy with a big card. His mama likes to steal from the little girl. He's got a big toy. He's got his big card. And all the little black kids love him. And you know what? I hope he drowns in his own. The hypocrisy of the amount of attention this kid gets. You hope he drowns in a sea of his own excrement. In fact, I hope he slides off the road. His home on the right. I don't care if the kid dies. You know, the NBA to me is about as exciting as one of most bowel movements. You probably got a little piece of the evidence on it. And I want to work with George on Fridays. What's the problem? That's another story. All these people are lying. They're all lying. We got more freaking liars than every time. You have to know from muff and clearance. They break. They break. Ask me if I was actually farting on the mic. So near. Yeah. I mean, I think I do have better farts than you. But I know farting. And I told me that you volunteered to like help out. But I'm on do my two day weeks. And I'm going to do eight to noon in Georgia, Do ten and two money once being farted. Two and one. One and one. They went out. They went out. Let's hear the truth. Well, they want me to do eight to noon. They're going to have to, you know, get some ship and Cache in here from over to on the other coast. And say, I told him I just wanted to do an hour with George on Friday. And then I'll still cost about the ass. My great. There's one thing I have. Like champions. Man, it's the a two-way muffin. They lie to the team. I want free food. Lots of money because I'm good looking. I'm pretty. I'm on a move. And I'm like you. I need lots of cash to entertain the masses. And there's plenty of any it's down or tane. Maybe that's what Mo is reaching in the behind. Or maybe he's going to pull out the never see anybody. Just openly pick their trout. You know, something I wish you would have told us this yesterday morning. We're going to put it on our pole. He works on his pole. I see it with a full fist on into the saddle. I can't even see the window. I love what he does in that. He just has no mercy. I mean, I can see him up there at the country club. Up at the buffet table. Picking his mind. Yeah. Oh, crap. You can unwrap. Oh, I'm just brief. Because you know he wears those lights. Maybe just right. Or we connect a bag. You look like I'm about that. Maybe the novel fell out. How big they got. How old they got. Howard David's bitch. Now usually I don't do this. But let me tell you a little bit about the way. I was a little bit about the wheels that I drive to work in. Now I'm not trying to be rude, but you can really get screwed. By those dealers trying to sell you. You're automobile brand new. See I don't need the fancy grails. All those new consummants. I've had my baby 20 years. She can all those stripped out gears. See the horn go. And the horn go. It got a four on the floor. It got a four on the doors. But not a hell of a lot more. It needs a brand new ignition. It got a broken transmission. It got some holes in the body. Got front and rear fenders. It's in the excite to son of a gun. But I'm like so water grums. It's a piece of you know what? You get at least it's paid for a huh. 10.07 at 5.60 WQM. That is the grossest thing. I mean combining the bronze James picking his package on worldwide TV. They're a thundermary of art aroma. And I'm not just talking about like, you know, we chained down like adjusting briefly. I'm talking about like, uh, Give it a hand. Just, just, I just kept screaming at the set. Get the camera off this crazy bastard. Give it over, you know, wouldn't do it. And anyway, and then of course here in about most picking seeds out of his Thundermat is, it'd be here to run. Could have a pick off. Didn't. Yeah, well, that's a baseball thing. Oh, it's a pick off in first base. Anyway, look at that. We're going to get 1600 votes on yesterday's poll. So we'll wait because we need five more. Being a boy's got some more tragic stories anybody wanting to hear? No, no. I just can't handle you anymore. I can't handle these tails of whoa. Whoa. Yeah, you're starting to turn into another Eric now. Whoa. It like that crap, you know, we can't handle it. He did show up though today and it's how salinity is real quiet. He's working. He's working on what? I'm getting the stories up. He's an artist. I noticed he also let us down yesterday. He was going to put the instructions on our web page. How to get rid of that crap. All those pop up things. Didn't see him on there. He'll do that really quickly too. Huh? Taking care of all. We switched rooms. So he's in there using your computer. And I'm in here. I see. I see. That's good. So there was let's keep him off the air for a while. So I do get a bunch of lies from Clarence and Duff now. That's not there to defend himself today because he's getting his assets. They got a search party to see who's been in there. But so he's not in. But Clarence was in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. He's been in Brighton early this morning. Hey, listen, why should they go out and waste the 28 bucks when it can hear it for free on his show and in addition, which it's now we're 28 cents. She says, This is a third paragraph page one, okay? See if they would take this every day they could like put it together like into a talking narrative. My story began in the years following World War II and men like my father who had served their country returned home to settle down, make a living in razor family. It was the beginning of the baby boom and optimistic time. The United States had saved the world from fascism and our nation's working the United former adversaries in the aftermath of the war reaching out to allies in a former enemies, securing the peace and helping to rebuild a devastated Europe and Japan. How do you like that? Starting in pretty emotional, ain't it? Yeah, I'm getting a lot of money. Every review of her book that I've read has been skewing. Basically, she doesn't say a goddamn thing. It's a lot of pages nearly 600 pages didn't say a goddamn thing, but nevertheless, between that and Harry Potter people are like, just grab it enough like solid gold. Here's the pull result. Which of these statements about Mohour David and you, uh, believe most strongly, 1600 votes a great total. He's a total asshole 47 who picks seeds out of his button for everybody else. 30.4%. He's alienated just about everyone, 295, 185% who's Mohour David, 285. Still 17.8% haven't got a clue who the old man is. His talk show blows 277.3% Neil picks out of too much. 144.9%. Remember what was like about 13% yeah, and then it went to 10. Then it was like just a little over eight and then I made a comment about that and they boosted up to over nine, but now it's 8.9%. He does great play by play 75 or 4.6%, he's a great talent only 37, 2.3%. Out of 16.4, on a Mohour David pull from yesterday. And then this keep in mind is before they knew that he picks seeds out of his button in front of everybody else. I still think he's trying to reinsert the tube. 2.5%. Cold date for fresh breath. Maybe a soccer flush. Seriously, don't you think that if you had like a bag that you have to, I don't want to get too graphic, but don't you have to like stick the tube somewhere? Maybe he's applying prep H. Anyway, here's our first fan. I still can't get over to LeBron James thing. I'm not exaggerating. It was just beside the fact that for 90 minute bucks, he can't say crap. He's just he's done more than sawdust. And he's on there and he's like adjusting and moving around his package and got his hands in his crotch and poor Maria. You could see she was getting really uneasy and just start interviewing one of the other. Oh god, who also couldn't speak by the way. Here's the fact that says hello, Neil. Sounds a little like tough. I'll have to do the break first because this is a lengthy couple of facts. Very important stuff. Today is Wednesday, by the way. Oh, right. Big day on a show if you went day new to Huawei. I mean, one to two. See that creatures of habit. One to two, our gigantic one to our with all comedy bits of events day. Very excited about that. Aren't we? Yes, we are. Yeah, we are. 10 13 at 5 60 WQM if you're a diet or if you're fat, you'll be very excited when you go into the lights of West Booker because they'll discover there's a store entirely dedicated to you. Not just the store that's got a shelf or two of low carb items, but an entire store with over 900 low carb sugar free products and the lights of West Book is introducing new ones every month, including like right now. Try their new low carb instant cup of soup. What you do is add water and pop it in the microwave. It's a low carb meal and a cup for delicious flavors or new. Simply low carb muffins for a quick breakfast or your own individual size cheesecake. And they've got a low carb hot cocoa apple cider, blondies and brownies. And they're a credible selection of low carb pasta sauces, dressings, chips, chocolates, their famous carbohydrate ice cream, almond, snack cakes and six different flavors. At last chocolate crisp and chocolate min bars with no multiple thank God. Which means you won't spend all day on the pot. And the carbohydrate ready to drink chocolate and vanilla shakes, which is a low carb meal and a can. Also now they got in Judy's low carb peanut breadable, a bit of a, with unbelievable, low great taste. Stop by and talk to the staff that we know they're dieting inside and out of the lights of West Booker. And don't forget all atkins products around sale today tomorrow all day every day been on circus. They're open daily 10 to 10 you'll find them on the northeast corner of glazed in 441 right next to Boston Market in prestigious Boca. Not too far from where we're out for real and demolive. Call them tool free at 1-877-LOW-Carb or shop them on the web at lowcarb.com. Don't forget it to stupendous door ends entirely for all you fat folks. The lights of West Booker is your official Atkins retail center. We're sports radio 5C4. You a-M. Oh. Now we're gonna be in a-M. It's just your type. The process of cloning has always been extremely controversial. It began in 1997 when scientists cloned Dali the sheep since that time. Millions of dollars and countless laboratory hours later scientists at the University of Idaho are reveling in another incredible cloning breakthrough. It's the world's first cloning of a mural. Scientists now say based upon this incredible success they have plans to clone other asses with me Houston. My eyes. My Tyson. I broke my back. Rosio Donald. Little really well. Monica Lewinsky. I was some sick-draged person. Dylan Hillary Clinton. I was very more a world than I did. I didn't want to. That's certainly what I did right now. Ascoding. Ten-18. I love the way that just like chops right off at the end there. All the crap you can unwrap. All the slime all the time. Absolutely. Anyway, we got to the new pull us up there. I'm gonna use the delay as soon as I gave the result of yesterday's pull on Mo. Eric got that new thing up there faster than you could say. I'm telling you it was incredible. Do you see that? We saw it. The new pull is up there and the voting is started. The new pull is should Neil keep posting the bedtime stories on the website. We got six choices for you. First choice. Absolutely. Absolutely. It's important. I rarely read them. I only care about the pull. I mostly care about the goofy stuff. I'd rather see more naked pictures. Or I don't need it. I read lots of news websites. I think that covers from either from our Vark to Z. Don't you? That not could pick up. Should I now? Yesterday would have been very interesting if we could add a, even a Mo. Picks a lot of winners. Yeah, maybe Hank ought to take them to the racetrack with him because he seems to be picking a lot of winners lightly. I can't, I just can't envision that. So an old guy like him reaching into his lime green checkered pants and digging around for gold and his ass. I mean, in front of everybody else. It's just more than we can handle. I thought of it. Makes me nauseous. So we got, well, we got five oats on there. It'll be real interesting to see this, you know what? To see whether the fruits of our labor now. Let's see. Let me read this facts first because this one's a little more coherent than the other one. It says, here's my opinion regarding the bedtime stories. Keep doing this as much as a pain as it is to do it. If it's stopped and there'll be no single good source for these articles, common sense.com and the others are good, but don't provide the same resource that you do as you refer to all sorts of new sources, where the other sites rely mainly on their own writers and contributors. Moreover, your stories are from all sorts of media outlets from around a planet, also by starting with your stories. I found those media outlets and of red news are other news articles or opinions that it's all. This provides me with the opportunity to determine if those outlets, newspapers, etc. have a particular political or philosophical slant. Also seeing the same information in different articles from a variety of sources is worthwhile, not only for the usefulness of having the same facts discussed from different points of view, but also for the satisfaction that the information, especially, that could be considered to be anti-bossious out there and being stringingly researched and reported. What is goes on? Lastly, in my opinion, anyone who feels the bedtime stories should cease completely even partly perverse having their head in the sand or up their own ass, or is the type to call it a media just so they can say, retire. Thus fulfilling whatever purpose I don't know what that word means. Pathetic naval and picking need they have, or as picking is the case may be. I hope that even if the poll shows disfavor with the bedtime stories, that use last George Slash Carlos continued to post them anyway, slash Carlos. Well, I'll add this point, could it hurt? Also, I've be curious to this to the percentage of people responding to your poll who are from South Florida versus from some place else, and of those witch groups, South Florida, and the versus some place else, both to keep the stories compared to those who don't. This is one South Florida, and says, keep the stories and keep up the good work. Wow. As an aside, I couldn't do your job except for the money. If I had to beg for calls at times, then have to listen to more runs, A-hols, and other losers in the quantity that you do have it of hung up the head set, and move permanently to Toronto Florence, or Cologne long time ago. Well, let's talk to me, church about that. What do you say? Do you know what my church is, motto? All the crap you can unwrap. Yeah. Now, let's see, how's the early voting on this? Uh, Bino by the way is working frantically, because let me just give you the update on today's chapter in the Bino boy's soap opera. His father has Crohn's disease, and he had an attack. He's in the hospital. He's going to be a stepfather. He's going to be okay, though, right? Yeah. He's fine. He just has these attacks a whole times a year. That's an nasty thing. Luke Crohn's disease, very, that's a kishki disease, intestinal thing. And the other thing is his computer just died. Blue up. It's been under verge and it died. Boy, I'm telling you, if I was you, I would like to be very, very careful than I crossed the street. In fact, I wouldn't cross the street. How does that get to you? He's working frantically on my computer on that nice new one that I bought with my own harder and money. And who get those bedtime stories on there today? And I whether we continue with this or not depends, of course, on a poll and whether we want to agree with it or not. 60 votes already should Neil keep the bedtime stories on the website. Absolutely. Yes, important. Absolutely. 28. I'd rather see more naked pictures, 19. I want to care about the poll. I don't need it. I read lots of news websites for. I mostly care about the goofy stuff too. That was probably, you know, the two work clearance in the beast. And I rarely read them too. Well, we got votes for every category on there. I think so it goes another good example of a stupidist pull. Here's another. This is a silly fact. I mean, it's intended as a serious fact, but I find it so amusing. George, I mean, this guy's name is George. That's what I'm talking about. George and Pablo B's. I don't want to like make funnier. I don't want to like because obviously the intentions are good. And you're an old, cool, like me, but George, come on. Says hello, Neil, long time listener. First time, facts are. I can remember when you used to say taking a stand would not accomplish anything just a wasted time. But I really like what you're doing about the bushes and that we're going through. You should have said the bushman. Also, I heard what you said about his tax cuts going the majority was so true. I started writing this last night. I would be sure if I should now after the last few minutes of yesterday's show. I know it's worth the effort. By the way, we're not a time because I just got that story. I don't know if anybody could understand it because I was reading so fast. We got it. Did you get it? Although it's very good. I didn't fumble too much to that because I had a very limited time. It was bad, bad timing. Anyway, here's the sentence. Here's the greatest sentence I've ever received in a facts of all time. Okay, hold on. Strap yourself in. It says, Neil, we need you to save this country. I even circle it with my pen. That is a great lie. We the people of the have not that includes me a 55 year old trailer park resident says, George, I've been a part of the world. I've been a part of the world. I've been a part of the world. I've been a part of the world. I've been a part of the world. I've been a part of the world. And it includes me a 55 year old trailer park resident says, George, Need a new beginning and new start, if you will. Neil, I'm as serious as a heart attack when I say we need to abolish the income tax, run our country on a national sales tax, and otherwise then income tax. This will close all the loopholes for those big corporations and the wealthy. The have-skins start supporting this wonderful country and give the lower class of fighting chance and chance to save some money. Maybe work harder and extra job, instead of to make more money. Maybe we can all pay our own medical bills and buy food and housing. I think our country would roll so to speak. With your internet site, which is by the way great, and being on a radio you or we or us, I think, can make a difference. Search the night, it's already started. Search a ballastian, come to action, see the future. Here are a couple of places to start. Partitiononline.com slash nith with and detacksus.com. Neil, if you don't help here, oh, here we go again. I want you to listen very carefully, George and Beiner Boy. We're listening. We're listening. We're listening. Neil, if you don't help here, I think the country is going to go to part. And then in parentheses, to show you how serious this whole thing is. And parentheses, it's in total, George. But seriously, please give it some thought. Neil, thanks for everything, sign G. I'm not going to use his name, Pompatob HPS. G-Rod is a great job on a radio. That has got to be. We need you to save this country, Neil. That's right. We need you on a radio. You're going to save the country from itself. You're going to save mankind. God, I never realized I had that responsibility on my slope old, Faggy shoulders. What do you do? Well, if you don't save us, I'm going to hear all the poetry. I'll show you the much different altitude from now on. I guess it's more than just a paycheck. Which today is paid aid, by the way. Right. At QAM when our slogan is, All the crap you can unwrap, all the slime, all the time. Absolutely. That's it. 1027 at 5. 6. You have that thing going. Oh, look at that. They want the event time story. So far, and maybe we can also include some naked pictures. What do you say with that? Hey. Sounds good to me. Here's a copy. Anyway, here's the place where you don't need naked pictures. Where you just need to talk to some nice people. And it's called Hall of Pontiac GMC. That's an image of joint. And our good friends, Tom Lyndon, Joe, created on. They would like to make it a deal of a lifetime. And Neil, deal right now. Here's Neil, deal number one. Go on. And as I speak, get yourself zero percent financing for 60 months on every 2003. Pontiac or GMC in stock. Neil, deal number two. Get up to a $4,000 rebate on every $2,000 and 3 GMC in Pontiac in stock. And all you current and former military personnel is into this. Get yourself an additional $750 rebate from your friends at Hall at right now. Neil, deal number three. Leased the new 2004 Grand Prix GT1 for his lowest 209 bucks a month. It's a 36 month LACR friends at Hall of Fortittales. And also now at Hall at you can test her excluding a says excluding Bineboy. But just about anybody else can test her have any vehicle on the lot for 24 hours. Take it home, take it to work. I guess if you're 24 hours, you could have time for too many problems. If I want to say don't take it personal as you want to. Okay. And of course at Hall at you also find a stupidest unbeatable selection of certified pre-owned cars, trucks and SUVs. And as we tell you every single day, they're not picky about your credit. They're not going to regret you like from 8 to B in from all the way through your life. If you have marginal credit, have no fear, they'll find a way to get you into a new vehicle. Palette Polyaggms either in the same great spot they've been treating people right to making unbeatable deals for 35 plus years. That's 134.01 South, Tixie Highway that's on US when across the falls. Open every day, seven days week. If you want more info on those Neil deals, just call the hotline toll free at 1.38. 5344211. 1 Triple 8 5344211 keep in mind all Neil deals, substitute to credit approval to see our friends at Hall at 4 details. Once you do a little car shopping, they will agree with all the rest of us. And Hall at Pontiac GMC, they definitely are professional grades. Oh my, and look, this is for 205. 2 AM. Please take in the following material out of context without endorsement or permission from those depicted. It is our ongoing mission to make everything that is good and decent look as ridiculous as possible. We hope we reach that goal or at least make it up. You've trusted Fisher-Fryce Toys for years. Now from Fisher at a water, it's murder victim Barbie. Emulating criminal behavior has never been more fun. She's this figure. Oh, yeah. She's stiff. She's very, very dead. It's murder victim Barbie. Just think how many hours of fun you'll have for their portable crime lab. Ouch! Hopefully your friends say when they see you performing in a lot of options. See on your favorite new play toy. It's murder victim Barbie. Baby me! Basically torso comes dressed in something lazy. Separate accessories including separate limbs had a neck extra. Look at 134 votes on a pull already. Aren't you impressed? Yeah, okay. Shouldn't you keep posting the bedtime stories on a website? No, the reason that I'm impressed right now is because I was thinking of myself during the break. What will be the demarcation line? In other words, what percentage do we need to give us the encouragement? You're a truly invoiler boy to continue all the work that's involved in this crap on her. And I'm thinking like over 50%. When you? I wanted to put them on no matter what. Because I think if even we get it through the cover of people, it'll be worth it. Did somebody give you like a silver-ish-plated shovel for your birthday? I'm serious. Because you keep digging yourself a whole so deep. You're going to wake up on the day you're going to have to speak to your attorney of Chinese or Japanese. Seriously? I'm trying like don't you see the method in my madness here. I'm trying to inspire these people a little bit. I'm trying to light a fire on them. Especially since I'm going to save the world on a show. What a virgin popper beat. This is a show. Do we have a call on it? Oh, we have a couple actually. Because when I looked up their last time there wasn't a call on the board. And I got a guy faxing me. Tell me I need to do this. I need to do that because I'm going to save the world. We can turn things around baby. And I'm thinking we can't even get the poll questions right. I'm always bragging about what a great poll I do yesterday. One of the choices was Neil Tixon, Mo Too much. We should also add one. Mo Picks is asked too much. Right. But we didn't know. But we didn't have the information. And let me just say this. This isn't something for elders made up by himself. Because you were telling me this before I ever spoke to for all this morning. Right. Well, I got. I mean, I got there between the door or door and the hallway door, you know. Yeah. They were just shouting it in the hallway there. They were out there. Apparently today was the day that they went over the top and couldn't take it anymore. He went over the edge. He stilled over. Oh no. Mo keep your hand out of your ass in public. Okay. If you're driving home in your SUV or if you're driving a Jaguar and not given day. And you want to reach down in there and start groping around and the digging for dollars or whatever you're digging for. That's fine. If nobody can see it. So I'm going to lend a like well in the workplace. I think there's something legal involved there in the workplace. Don't you? I do. Anal harassment. I'm going to give for all my camera to borrow, of course, so that we can get a picture of the picture. And my cable just went out. Can you believe that? I cable went out. Maybe because it's too hot. Do you know what's going to mean? Oh, it just came back on. Gonna be 95 here today, a little on the Toasty side. 95 sunny don't know rain. Should Neil keep posting the bedtime stories on a website? Absolutely. Yes. It's important. Absolutely. Just over 50% is right. It's hovering 74 out of a total of 146. 50.6% lot of pressure now. I'd rather see more naked pictures 40. I really think we could pacify them. We could make them a little bit more naked pictures with each bedtime story. We're not happy. We could do that. Just imagine how we could educate the world out there. Just like George and Pomp and a Vita's. We could save the world. Just put a little bit of nudity on there. And then if they, you know, that would that would be the magnet. That would be the magnet. And draw them in. And then they just might read the story. They'll see the catchy headline you put on. And they'll say, oh, that might be interesting. Before I scrolled out of the next naked picture. I only care about the pool 12. I really read them nine. I don't need it. I read lots of news websites. Six. And I most care about the goofy stuff. Goofy like that. Five. That's why it's laying out so far. I'm glad we're doing this because, you know, you have no way of knowing. Although we have had a spectacular response on our website. And especially, you know, when it really boost up big time. Wait, when we went back to tend to to. When for Rell 1 on 8 to 10, we went back to tend to. Oh, yeah. Check it. We had a spike on that website. Man, it was like all of a sudden we didn't have nothing but naked pictures. Like a porno website. We had such phenomenal response. By the way, Carlos is going to put many, many naked pictures on there today. So be sure and check it out. Check it out. Now we're not. We put naked pictures on the building by camera. Let's just lie a lot. Okay. Oh, and in fact, I want to see. Since we've been so creative on those, I love to see a picture of most picking seeds from his, Bracom when happy lovely. Or working on that. Because you know what they say. You have to plant the seed first. And then watch it grow. You have to fertilize it. Oh, here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. How are you? Is your radio show back up to the website now? What does that mean? Well, you're Paul Resolved. Show that, you know, majority of your followers, at least want to listen to the website stories. And you don't play it on the radio anymore. So I think you can be more aware of it. I don't play the radio. What does that mean? Well, you always, you know, Teases that you're going to read a story, but you never do. Yes, I do. I've read it. In fact, I read two of them, two or three yesterday. And how long is your show? So, in other words, what you're doing is you tell me I should go back to reading the stories all day again. Well, look at the poll results. No, I see. I looked at a poll that's much more important and that is during the seven months that I was doing at the poll. I would live by in his business called our ratings. And it was not. It wasn't a winner. They didn't like that. So you're saying, then, the internet people are different from your listeners. No, I'm saying that if we put it on the internet, those people, I mean, 50 percent want the bedtime story so far. It means the other 50 percent don't want to. We can't afford to blow off the other 50 percent for me to sit here and read them all on the air every day. But those people who do want it, they can go on air and read to their hearts content. They're there. Well, I must say, though, you do seem a lot happier. You seem a lot happier since you've gone to the bathroom for gay, humor. You know, whatever makes you happy. Well, what does that mean? So in other words, that's a shot. Is that what you're telling me? Yeah. Because it doesn't make a lot of your listeners happening. Happy. Because it's just adolescent, frankly. Yeah, well, you don't want to have a nice life. Okay. Okay. What a bitch. What an absolute sea of next time, honey. See you next time. Bitch. It's adolescent. I've been doing a show for a thousand years, honey, and for seven months out of all that time, I did the bedtime stories. It was an experiment because the phone calls suck. They weren't as entertaining as yours. And guess what? It didn't. It went over like a goddamn lead balloon. It went over like a pregnant pole of all around a hot day in July and Vegas. And she's calling to share. See this is what I'm talking about in South Florida. This is what they want to share is their discontent. She's programming the show. Well, blow it out. You're nasty, smelly ass, honey. That's not satisfactory. That we go through all the work to put this stuff on a wet. She could read it on there. No. No, this is the show. It's just a backup to the internet. Whatever it all that means. Back it up to the door. So we'd art. And we can all take turns jamming our foot in it. How do you like that bitch? Sweet call. No, no seriously. How do you like her? Nasty, miserable, sour. Okay. The sour is mine. God, that was despicable. Stop being adolescent. It's an entertainment show on the OK. It's entertainment. It's kind of like since I stopped reading the bedtime story. That's when we started like, our app stuff I've been doing that for like a hundred years. Okay. Try to entertain the public. Give them a few laughs. I'm not going to save the world. You sound like you know that Georgian poppin O'Beechan. Maybe the two of you can a lope. Group and a lope. Maybe that was him. We're in the entertainment business. We're in the entertainment business. We want to be entertaining. I'm using a little bit informative. And I just got you talking about that very important story. I squeezed in yesterday. I read it a mile a minute, but it was an important story. And I got it in there. But I'm not going to sit in there. We crap all day every day. Read it on the internet. Sit there and prove it. Take a peek at it. And look at that. We're under 50%. Now it's down to 49.7%. So does that mean we're going to alienate another over 50%. I don't think so. See this way when you go to our website. It's sitting right there for you. You can you can use it for whatever you want. You can look at the bedtime stories. You can read some of them or all of them. You can look at the nasty pictures of all those poor. Among the children. You could read the poor result. You can vote on a pool. Maybe if you don't have a well. You can look at the. Tutsy pictures of Mo and guilty in the. The beast and clearance. You can use it for whatever you like. Use it and prove it. Or you lose it. Or you lose it. But we have a responsibility here. There are pants. Some of us a lot of money here to entertain a public out there. Which means I don't need any directions from you. Bitch. Slot. Oh, man. I want to say that. See you next time. So bad. You have no idea. If you look it up in this year. Her picture is next to it. Well, to the wake off real quick. I don't need to. 1041. Boy. What a shout. The right off to that. Second call to the box. Was that the second of the first call? Of the day. So once again, softloader continues just sending their worst. Just shove it in the. Then bother me. What you do sound much happy. Well, that's right. I'm much happier in the audience. It's much bigger in everybody's happy. We're going to tremendous response on our website. We don't find a problem at the moment, honey. Other than the fact that you got a real nasty attitude that you suck. You suck heavy duty. In fact, maybe the problem is you don't suck. That's the problem. What do you think? Oh, let's take a poll on it. Yeah, she needs a poll. 1042 at 560 WQM. But now you've been hearing about lamina terrasso. And how lamina would flow in from lamina terrasso is the easy. The smart, the low maintenance alternative to expensive natural wood flooring. Laminants are us as the best place to find lamina wood flooring from. Pirate or pergo will snart unifluor and quick step. They've got all the top names all installed by pergo certified installers. Here's another reason why should call lamina terrasso. They're priceless for you. Right now you can get there some as special for just $1995. That's correct. Just $195 from to $380 square feet of beautiful laminated wood flooring. On, freaking believable. Elaminants are usal match any legitimate written offer too. For a free and home estimate call lamina terrasso toll free, 1-877-777-73336. What could be easier? Free carpet disposal, free furniture, moving at 25 year warranty and years and years of beautiful, easy, care, lamina wood flooring. So call lamina terrasso today be sure and tell that ancient nasty adolescent Neil Tertid call toll free, 1-877-773336. My and local year sports radio 560 suing, suing, suing, yeah. You're warm. I had a chip in pay when they she flew away to Tio and O'Reather, moon is blue. Love old shish, blue. But with our right wing censorship, there are words in muscle sling. To tell you how I feel for kids. That you didn't mind. So, as you see came in Tio and O'Reather, I'll see you with Tio and O'Reather too. You can wonder how this is decaying, seller, I'm a service day. And the SBC won't let me sing this song. I wrote today now, if this decay, take your hand. And you say that after this transmission, I'll be out in 90 days. Oh, we're just decaying here because you want to. I'll see you with Tio and O'Reather. Oh, what kind of Tio would Tio want to try? Please don't fade your voice. Wow, how about please don't fade your voice. That's fucking bitch. 560, 750, 560, 560, on the AT&T. I mean, just do the math, honey. That's one of everybody's favorite cliches. Do the freaking math. I'm looking at the pool, 51.7% say, oh, it's important to keep those bedtime stories on air. Absolutely. Right, which is fine. We enjoy it. We have a good time doing. We're spreading some opinion out there. We'd like to give the other sign as opposed to the vast majority of the media in this country. The right wing group balls. But that's 51% which means that 48.3%. Don't give a crap that much about it. How can we afford to blow off half of this audience? Just to make that bitch happy? Because that's really what it boils down to. Now, you gotta read those stories. You're gonna say, if the world and the alerts will be all won't. Not this adolescent juvenile stuff that you seem to like. Right out of the box, right from the get-go, right off the freaking bat. Why do I want to even take women call this? You know, we should just ban women from calling the show. We don't get that many anyhow. Right? Yeah. I mean, how do we, how many women call this show any year? About third man. Maybe if we're lucky. Take out the ones that are calling free loading. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Let me give you the categories of women callers. Not that the matter, like, you know, because generally speaking, you know, I think it callers anyway. But women callers are in three or four categories. Number one, free loaders. Can I have the tickets? Can I have the tickets? Can I have free something? Then you got the bilingualism crowd. And so Florida, women callers. Oh, yeah. Absolutely. Then we'd have one a year. Absolutely. Then we got the women like this bitch. Everything has to be what she wants. It's all gotta be heavy duty, politics. It's gotta be the Randy Rhodes. I'm gonna save the world from itself, I'll fall for Los Angeles. You know, that kind of crap. Wow. Yeah, forget about that. That's not what my audience wants. I mean, if you open up a restaurant, and 95% of your people want to have the cheeseburgers, but you're like spaghetti better and it come to find out that your neighborhood, nobody likes spaghetti. And you are insist on forceful and spaghetti instead of the cheeseburgers that they want. Guess what? You're gonna go out of business. You gotta give the public what they want sweet heart. Okay. So I've repeated it many times. Because I'm too worked up into a frenzy to read it right now and do it justice. Because for justice, for justice, we must trace that call and go to her house and just beat the snot on that bitch. I mean, she's just nasty. She's a nasty freaking bitch. If you don't like the way to show is, then go away. That's all very simple. Have a nice life. I don't wish you any yield. I mean, you have it a trip and break your neck. That's okay. But I don't wish you any harm or bad health. That's not the way it works. I see. Change it for me. So I gotta do what she wants. There you go. I gotta do it her way. I gotta sit her in read. Ponderous, ponderous crap. Hour after hour after. I like I started the sabie for you and erupted me. I interrupted myself. I couldn't believe the stack of crap. You can only imagine I'd start to show with each day. Just to make sure I didn't run out of course. Then I hit all the, all the tabloids, the inquirer in the star. All of that stuff to try to let it up a little bit. There's enough grief in the world. Just ask, be near boy. He'll tell you, there's enough grief in the world already. Without my sitting here and trying to get everybody depressed. This show and that's a one thing I'll again, here I'm pet myself and other shoulder. There are, I can't think of any other show ever on a radio. Or they actually did both. Where you could like try to entertain, do, you know, but I don't know what percentage. Heavy percentage of comedy and comedy bits and try to be lightened up. And also try to pass along some worthwhile information. Educate, entertain, whatever the hell it is we do. Just to guide the radio show. That's all. Infotainment. Infotainment very good. Not original but very good. Thought I didn't say what's. Oh, and I what is this that somebody just sent me? Where did this come from? Didn't come from you? I ain't factzing anything. I'm in the other world. Ex-trans overview report. I see this is all they care about. It's the WQAM. Not how did we do. It's not important that you succeed, but that your competitors fail. WRFX. And it's funny. This is right on the heels of the interview. They did with that obnoxious David Ross from Chief Channel a few days ago when I was down there. I never got around to reading that. Somebody facts it to me. About well, we found an opening there when the sports market and of course they have a talent on in midday who doesn't do a sports show. WRFX in his last in May of 2003. I want you to guess how many diaries reported WRFX. I want you to guess the number. I kind of already know. Oh, that's right. You facts this to me? No. Oh. The number starts with an engine. Oh. Zero point zero point infinity. None zero. Nice going David Ross. This to me is unprecedented. You should have thought of cartwheels in the hall yesterday. And again, keep in mind of Greg Reed had wild diarrhea for about two weeks when they first decided to turn that thing all sports. See all sports to begin with is a very, very, very narrow slice of the human pie out there. There's only a certain number of sport there. I want to see LeBron James picking his crotch on an NC and B.C. Although they probably get aroused by it. No, Clarence was all turned on by it. WRFX. I mean, they had. They had done the numbers. They did before were point three. What this is 12 plus. This is the whole audience. This is from birth to death. They have nobody listening based on this may report from arbitron. Did my fast machine just get jammed up or something or what? LeBron, please. Tha'e. I think there's more crap coming. Yeah, I was setting more stuff over. It's just, it's, it's, it's, uh, getting the crap. This, I would like to send us to PD Bulls your David Ross. Ronna Fink, audio assholes there at cheap channel, Lowry Maze, audio geniuses. Audio rocket scientists who thanks to your friends and thanks to your right wing friends and Washington are going to continue destroying this radio business that we used to know and love and enjoy. They take 940 on the Dalin and I'll say it again. I do have a bug up my ass because I used to work there. In fact, Moe, let me reach down a grab it. Oh, it's a bug. It's moving. 940, W-I-N-Z used to be. 50,000 watts in the middle of a dial. Great frequency, great tradition, great history. Once great ratings, once upon a time, when some of us worked there. And they've turned it into another sports nerd station that has no audience, not one diary, not a zero zippity duda, how do you like that? Stick it up your ass David Ross, you jack ass. Nice work. Another radio genius. And this is what Michael Powell and his Republican colleagues on the FCC have done, or what they're trying to do all of the Senate's trying to block it. Is give these people the opportunity to own more and more on newspapers, pretty soon, like in the spue they're right wing propaganda in every office in your body, because that's all you'll have. If you put a goddamn piece of toast in your pop-up poster, when it pops up, there'll be more right wing crap from cheap channel. And nobody is buying it. Nobody is eating it. Nobody is touching it. Nobody wants it. That makes me very pleased. 57 at 560 W-Q-M, you know, hurricane seasons here. That's not too pleasing. Before a storm hits, you always put up shutters to protect you when those doors of your home. But what about the roof of your house? The Somai paint factory makes roof-mastic. A roof-coating that can help you hurricane-proof your roof. Somai's roof-mastic saved hundreds of roofs during hurricane Andrew. While unprotected roofs were peeding off and flying away right down the road. Somai also has waterproof coatings for every kind of roof ever made. Call the Somai paint factory at 305. 63363. The Somai paint factory is the oldest quality paint waterproof coating manufacturer in the entire state of Florida. Somai will save you money because they eliminate the middleman markups. They sell to everybody at wholesale prices. They're 60% lower than what you'd pay for the same national brands at retail stores. So protect your home and property from South Florida's brutal tropical climate. With the best paints and waterproof coatings under the sun of the best prices too. Call the Somai SOMA-Y-SOMA paint factory 305. 63363333 or find them on a web at SOMA.com. You save a lot of cash, a crapload of money. When you've either read from the Somai paint factory, tell them that old deal told you to call. Add less than 0.305. 63363333. My life and love all. 63363. My life and love all. 63363. There are bad. Portious, no, tend to be odd back. In the next installment in the matrix, the third prophecy in the third prophecy, the order of these sands. This does Smith, would it become this? First there was the matrix. Then the matrix reloaded. Now matrix uncott. Directed by the former Larry Wichowski. No, notice Debbie coming soon with theater. And a dumpster near you. On the O2 at 560 WQM, we got the mad dog at 2.5. No, he got the Humper from 4 until 635. Another heavy assignment for the Humper today. When I promised that we would like to do the same pay. Marlon's had sexist 35. And yeah, they're 500 for real, but they've been fed enough on the underlings on the wallers the match and the Tampa Bay Devil raise. That's all they play every day. And they play at the match again tonight. So who do I almost? Any camp to debate's ball game and join Markov and I 2 to 5 and a.m. When Howard comes in picks some seeds. Why would you pass me this to write get about Craig Stephens, the paper boy, channel 7, but I just directed the other day? I didn't. No, I didn't. Oh, another way. You're facts in the stories now. Is it? They're using your computer. Ah, gee. Don't be facts to me. I don't let him listen. Just control his keeping limited. Okay. Deepen. Good. Very, very tight leash. I keep tired. I've been telling that for three weeks. Keep my tight leash. We fuse to do it. You know, I don't. I didn't take that call online for because it's you. We had a whole bunch of calls on here and then they all vanished because this show is so They're important. We're going to save the world with it. They just ran away. What's going to be good? How do I know the bed? This call's going to be good. I don't know. Here's my any. Hello. I'm going to call and show you some. Call and show you a tire from can calling. Good. Okay. Goodbye. That's the same. Got a cousin line. I know. At least he called on for today. Goodbye. You know, this asshole, the one he also not only called twice yesterday, but facts as well. This business, well, we really love your show. That's what we want to work contribute. You have nothing to contribute. You'll get what it says. You'll get what it says by the way. I beg your pardon. You only got one of his facts. I see. If you like to show, listen. Okay. Do what most everybody else is. I don't call. I have no calls right now. None. By the way, we'll do screenless today. So you don't have to answer the phone. I don't want you to. I don't want you to have an answer to phone in there. We're looking at all the great calls. We get on screenless. You get to talk a lot more people. They're busy. They don't have time to sit on hold in the goddamn heat. Okay. They're busy sitting out of the air. Can just try to get their breath back. Try not to suffocate. I'm a good one to talk man. 95. They're in a smog alert. A little toasty these next two days. 34 tomorrow, which is I think about like 94. But then back to 77 on Friday. Oh, you're in Tio. We got you beat. It's raining flaming meteors today. Again? Well, not yet. Oh, but it will be. It'll be pouring cats and dogs. You'll see. So here's how we want you to do the show. See it's the same thing with these cronics. Don't make up as we go along. It's the new Roger show. We decide. Me, George, Bina Boy. We decide what we're going to be doing on a show. We don't do it for the cronics. We don't need to your input like 80 times a day. If you're that much of a group, he's sit back. Do what we want you to do. Don't worry. We ask you to listen. Listen and enjoy it. Squeeze yourself. Have a great time. Squeeze your girlfriend, your boyfriend. Whatever. That's it. But don't try to inflict it. I mean, every one of the cronics. It's always been the deal that that misfit from forcing Lucy. All of them. Oh, but you're like turning on us. We love you. So, so fine. Just leave us alone. That's all. That's all we ask. Don't be chronic. Don't be obnoxious. Oh, but we like you so much. Stalkers. That's what most of those people are. They're like. Phone stalkers. Facts stalk. SIT is what they are stalkers in training. How would Brian Murray's pronounce that SIT? Should I do QIM? Yeah, I'll speak with a door to our neal. Okay. Is this your deal? This is your deal. I don't have a question for you. I don't know if you guys want to put it in there or not. And it's been driving me fat when you guys were discussing movies. Yeah. And once upon a time in America, what an old-fashioned thing. Oh, if we knew the answer that we wouldn't be sitting here. We'd be veeringers. How many really knows? No, well, I mean, you do. You don't know that James Woods got chopped up in the garbage truck. Right. The waste management dumpster too. Yeah. Right. Because that is special tonight's the go on dinner, some kind of a ward they gave him. Right. And every coast star that in the movie in each movie had a little of a net on it. And they did one of the long time in America, so whatever. And I'm afraid. I just like you. Okay. No. Not just like me. I was just curious about you. I need exactly what that was. And I'm glad you reminded me because a couple of weeks ago the directors cut the Whatever it is. The DVD came out and I forgot about that. So I have to pick it up today. I mean, it was a great movie. Be sure to the girl I never age. Just show. He's supposed to be 50 years older. Right. The ending was bizarre. Anyway, Neil, keep up the show and do it anyway you've done well, please. Thanks a lot, pal. Yeah. Yeah. I'm going to watch the unended version of one of the last about seven to eight hours. Oh, God. And see what if I can figure out what it is. I don't know. I mean, if you see, one thing I've learned is that if you're going to ask, what is this movie all about? You're in for a lot of trouble. It's like a nightmare. Yeah. Magnolia. What's it all about? Well, I mean, that song is basically the essence. What did I do with those CDs? But CDs? Those but CDs. I think they're in Howard's. That's me. That's a movie. It's pretty CD. Hey, Howard went it out. Pick some out. All the crap you could unwrap. Yeah. You know, I thought you said there were sending me more of this stuff. Well, and I was going to have another crappy where facts in me that you're battling about. There's this button come from you anyway. Those are the only sheet. Those are the sheet clearance gave me. Oh, he gave you this. Yeah. Oh, my God. Clarence gave in this. So in other words, Clarence being the sports nerd. See, this ends the debate. And George already knew this. You had the right answer. He doesn't need sex. His life is sports. That's it. He's a sports nerd. Sports? Yeah. When a hurricane's win, whether it's football, baseball, he scores court in his pants. Okay. He has an orgasm in his pants. That's why he wears that rubber underwear. Oh, it's kind of hot this town here. Oh, seriously. Because he does a lot of that. Every time the dolphins wins, scores court. There you go. Oh, Clarence. He had ejaculated six times that in the fourth quarter. In his pants. Because that's it. That's his life is he's a silly person. He just I like him. He's a good guy. And it is payday. So that check better be there in my box. But other than that. So what does he facts one sheet from this, which is this is an extrapolation of the arbitron, the trend rating that came in yesterday, which we suck when. But WRF has like it. I said, not important that we did well, but that they completely fall on their ass. They did. You can just see Greg and Clarence running around on the hallway arm in arm. You know, you should have seen it. I'm sure of it. I'm positive. I don't have to be there to see it. I'm they running. They were doing hand springs and cartwheels. I mean, actually, when you look back to the winter book. And you look to March. I mean, how much and they had day parts where they had zeroes. Like March, seven to midnight, they had zero. And we're talking about persons 12 plus, which is the whole audience. We're not talking about some neuro demographic. We're not talking about 18 to 34 year old women who wouldn't listen to a sports station anyway. We're talking about the entire audience 12 to a million, even the morning show. Even at highly touted morning show, even with all our help, even the one that the crow is on now has got a big fat zero. That's a zero point. Oh, not a thing. I have never seen that in my life in the history of my freaking life. I've never heard of such a thing. Right. Maybe on some of these like penny adhesion brokers. I mean, keep in mind to give a thousands of diaries. So I mean, even if you suck when even if everybody hates your station, just by osmosis, some smock is going to say, oh, I listen to Fox Sports. I'll listen to that. You know, one. None. Zero. A clean sheet. That is just, I'm saving it. I'm putting that right. I'm talking to the thing that's got Moses home address on it. 560 50 50 50 50 60 on the AT and T and Verizon. I don't forget our big one to two hour today. We look forward to it every Wednesday. And we took a poll on that too. And you know, it was men's dementia. Come see. Come saw. We're doing okay with it. I like it. The audience seems to enjoy it. I like her. I like it. As a given the chance to listen to all types of ball games. WQAM. Nobody there in inpatient man. Bad sign. WQAM. Yes, sir. How are you? Great. How are you? The bush monster came on and admitted that he was a face man for Pinky, winky and foul well. And admitted that he was in the pocket of insurance companies. His approval rating was still be 68%. Thanks. Yeah. What happened in middle America was they care? If he admitted that he's teaching stuff for the war? No. They wouldn't even care. I don't understand it. I can't fathom it. In fact, one of the most grotesque stories. Was he the one we headed on yesterday? We got it on today about the poll about going to war in Iran. Fifty, fifty six to thirty eight percent American during favor of going to war to Iran. If that's what Curtis majority backs you. The force in Iran. Fifty six to thirty eight. The public endorses the use of military to block your end from developing nuclear weapons. So they've already basically told us they lie through their teeth. They're doing their own weapons and they're structuring their rack. Now they're singing a song about all Iran is trying to acquire nuclear weapons. And then fifty six percent still believe it? Well, they can come on in like I said, they can come on in a knit. We don't have anything but we just want to do it. And it wouldn't matter if they did these. Right. And the other thing is they keep talking about war. We're good at, you know, oh, firemen. The firemen so important to find them. Well, Rudolph had a work up to a garbage can and North Carolina for them to find them. Right. It's right. It was from some Bonnie five got a sound. That is correct. Hey, listen, what about the Ted Kizinski? If it wouldn't have been for his brother. If it wouldn't have been for that. And that letter in New York Times. Then everyone would have found him. Yeah, but they keep talking about war when we capture all the the deck of cards. We're going to have all these people consulting about everything. You know, as they keep moving the ball. Because they say, well, we have all the people in the scientist stock. Then we're going to know what weapons and the instruction. And all the people are and me want to have all these people at least the majority of them. And nobody's apparently said anything. Yeah. So, you know, they know they're totally incompetent. It's just, you know, the people just don't think in this country. They don't have a crap. They're busy waiting for American Idol. And, you know, who's there when the goddamn ball game? Have a great day, pal. Thanks, pal. See. He's forgot to stumble right on him, man. 56 to 38. This is the latest pool. Just came out. Washington Post ABC News pool. Back, the government going into Iran. If that's what it takes to keep Iran from developing nuclear arms. Oh, my god. What, what, what, this guy's got to stumble right on it. What does it take to convince the American public? Because they're stupid, you know, most people are stupid. Iran, Iraq, Syria. They wouldn't know where to find him on a, you know, got to get a search part. He got to get modesty on his hand in it. See if he can find it. Maybe that's what he's looking for. Maybe he's looking for those weapons of ash destruction. You think? 560. How's the pool come? We need 50% bonus boy. Or your efforts are going to be, that would be a real shot in the head. When you take that personal. Very. I would. I'd be, I'd be offended and wounded after all the hours that I've spent digging out those sea stories. 314 votes should Neil keep posting the bedtime stories on the website. Absolutely. Absolutely. Yes, it's important. 167.53.1% keep your eye on a percentage. That's the key. That's the story. I'd rather see more naked picture, 68. I rarely read them 25. I don't need it. I read lots of news websites. 23. Well, good for you. Excuse us. I only care about the pool. 20. And I mostly care about the goofy stuff 11. Goofy. Which is 3.5%. So if it had bits of quality for only 3.5% of our audiences like totally goofy, okay? They're not articulate and aerodite like you are a bitch. 11.14 at 5.60 WQN. Hey, if you're in a dead end job, maybe college is to expensive for you and don't have the cash. And plus it takes too long anyway to get your life started. If you can afford 10 bucks a month and commit yourself to 3 nights a week for 4 months, our friends at fast-trank can really help you achieve a brand new, high-paying computer career. In other words, they can help you get a life. That's right. There's 10 bucks a month and 3 nights a week for only 4 months for individuals who qualify. Call them today and get all the information on how they can give you like a big fat paycheck. Call 1. 8.6 fast-trane. With four locations in town is about to be won nearby. You call them at 1.86 fast-trane. Talk with the train through your counselor. They offer you a day evening in weekend schedules. You have placement hands on training. Pick up that instrument right now. When you do call, be sure to tell them that Todd Drek told you to call. They get a real chuck a lot of that. 1.8.6 fast-trane. Fast-trane deferred payment is valid for a year. Regular payments apply thereafter. Whether you're a high school student on summer break, somebody in underpaid did and job or just looking to increase your net worth. Call fast-trane 1.8.6 fast-trane. Or check them out on that worldwide wicked web at fast-trane.com. My life and love all. Fixes sports-radial bicycles. You're way too way. The Orogers on 5.60 Q8M. Fuzzle-hoo! Man! Hmm. Hey, there we go. Hey, y'all, my name is France, the Eugene Thomas, Festival's just nominee for the Supreme Park. And you know, there's lots of people's identity, think just cause I'd smoke a little marijuana when I was in college. Yeah, they weren't nothing but a pin joint. Yeah, maybe sing our sign, y'all. I know the real name we are. Didn't they don't think I'm fit to be on the Supreme Park? Yeah, I got too much. That's who this quick and get out of here. I want to sit down straight. When I'm stop reviewing the law, I don't just review the law. Tell y'all. I mean, token. And I don't get to the East. I don't get to the West. I get on token by now. Look up, send a deal, kind of. Let them. I'll be token. Ha ha ha. Let's go very well, y'all. So I'm a Marine Dowd license that he's New York Times. Here you go. I'm sure now you know she's still listening, right? Oh, yeah. She's got that thing cranked up real real loud. In fact, she's probably got the radio right between her knees now. Point down one of my favorite favorites. Rights could Thomas be rights, big and a clearance Thomas. She says, what a kind of man clearance Thomas is. He knew that he couldn't make a powerful legal argument against racial preferences. Given the fact that he got into the year law school and got picked for the Supreme Court. Thanks to his race. So he made a powerful psychological argument against what the British call, positive discrimination known here as affirmative action. Justice Thomas's descent in the five-before-decision preserving affirmative action and university admissions has persuaded me that affirmative action is not the way to go. The descent is a clinical study of a man who's been driven barking mad by the beneficial treatment that he's received. It's poignant, really. It makes him crazy that people think he is where he is because of his race, but he is where he is because of his race. Other justice is relying clerks and legal footnotes to help with their opinions. Justice Thomas relies on his id, turning an opinion into on race into a therapeutic outburst. In his descent he's slightly dismisses the University of Michigan's law school's desire to see minority faces in the mix as racial aesthetics, given the effort to balance bigotry and social in the moral way to be a better than that. The phrase racial aesthetics would be more appropriately applied at WD's nominating convention in Philadelphia when a republicans put on a minstrel show for the white fat cats in the audience. Justice Thomas coined affirmative action as a fattest slogan of the cognacent, quoting Frederick Douglass on the Negro 140 years ago here, just all I ask is give him a chance to stand on his own legs, let him alone. Your interference is doing impositive injury. He is at the pinnacle African-American who succeeded in getting past the immediate Hill sexual harassment scandal by playing the race card, calling the hearing a high-tech lynching, and who got a million and a half dollars advanced to write his African-American Horrace-O-Aldrace story from pinpoint to points after. So why despite his racial blessings as he come across as an angry bitter self-pitting victim? It's impossible not to be disgusted at someone who could benefit so much from affirmative action and then pull up the latter after himself, so maybe he's disgusted with his own great historic ingratitude. When he switched from a Democrat to a conservative, as a young man, he knew that he'd be a hotter commodity in politics, but he also knew that it would bring him the scorn of blacks who deemed him as a pawn of the white establishment. People like Justice Thurgood Marshall, the ridicule, Clarence Thomas, and others as God damn black sellouts for benefiting from affirmative action and then denigrating it. As Jill Abramson and Jane Meyer writes in Strange Justice, Mr. Thomas himself complained in 1987 and has speech that, to what acceptance and conservative ranks, a black was required to become a caricature of sorts, providing side-shows of anti-black quips and attacks, just as blonde conservative pundits flash long legs and sneered feminism. When the 43-year-old was nominated by Bush 41 with the preposterous claim that he was the best qualified man for the job, GOP strategist, averated attention away from the judges' scant credentials, and controversial record by pushing his inspiring life story, grants out of a share-cropper and son of a judge woman who picked a meat out of crab shells. But it's as if Justice Thomas has been swallowed by his own personal grammar, just as Bob Dol and Bob Currie were swallowed by the gripping personal grammars on the presidential campaign trail. Mr. Thomas is so blinded by his own autobiography, he can no longer focus on bigger issues of morality and justice, having used his personal story to get on the court. He's now left to worry that his success is not personal enough. President Bush, the Yale legacy who also distains affirmative action, is playing affirmative action politics in the preliminary vetting of a prospective Supreme Court nominee, Alberto Gonzalez. No doubt Bush 43 will come Mr. Gonzalez, the best qualified man for the job, rather than the one best qualified to help harvest the 2004 Hispanic vote. President Bush and Justice Thomas have brought me around. I don't want affirmative action. I want whatever they got. That's what Marine Dowd said. If it is New York Times, stick that in your pipe and smoke it. Okay. Put that in your income. Pull it out, Mo. Okay. Absolutely. Good. Hope you enjoy it. You know, most slogan. All the crap you could unwrap. That's it. Isn't that a great line at last line at that, sir? I wasn't that Bush and Justice Thomas have brought me around. I don't want affirmative action. I want whatever they got. Oh, what a great line Marine. She's the best. See, there's another thing about that bitch that called and got us off to a really sour start today. I'd rather hear the retired. I'd rather hear that guy. You know, at least he's almost, I'm not a musing, but yeah, I don't know this something about him. I think that's him though. He said him online. I don't know. Retire line. Hello. Brilliant article by Moorin Dowd. She's great. You're a writer. And hits everything right on. He excuse me the head. Two things. First of all, I just recently got done reading blinded by the right and lightning and disturbing all rolled up into one. Second thing is, I don't know if you discussed this already, if I'm rehashing and I apologize. I'm keeping my speaking of blinded by the right, keep in mind that now that David Brock has a scene at least we can sleep easy and night knowing that there's always a misgrudge there to replace him. Oh, absolutely. Would you even more disturbing this thing? The, the whole incident yesterday in Good Morning America with the encolter. Did you hear him? I don't see it. I didn't hear about it. Oh, yeah. Apparently she got up there. Diane Sawyer was interviewing her because they had called to run a new book which apparently she, she goes out of her way to commend Joan McCarthy and talk about how he was just absolutely right and doing what he did. Lovely. But nevertheless, Diane Sawyer said something to her about the fact that you're going to be going head to head on the best seller was with Hillary Clinton and Colter said, I hope so. She said, I'm going to win because I have a, or she has a three to one pound advantage over me. And normally Sawyer is pretty flappable and she said, what did you say? What I think you just said. And you know, basically sat there and called her fat and pissed off a lot of fat. Yeah. Yeah. Viewers, for the show, somebody even wrote in, I'm reading this off the MSNBC's website actually. That somebody wrote in and said that the encolter is appearing on the view today and what's just see if she makes a come in from the start. Oh, yeah. Well, happy. Well, at least you get up and beat the crap out of her. And you know what? As much as I can't stand star Jones, I would actually tune in to see that happen. I pay money to watch her lay that bitch out. Oh, that makes do of us. That's it. Thanks a lot, Palli. I already. See you. Excellent. How do you like that? So there you go. On one hand, we had a good call with a guy like, you know, he didn't carry on for a long period of time. He said, is peace knee a guy out here. Had something to say as opposed to the other bitch who didn't really have anything to say, I've been to tell me how to do the show. We don't take instructions on how to do the program. If you like it, listen, suck it up. The price is right. It's free. If you don't like it. Have a great life. We wish you nothing but the best. Maybe a couple of car racks along the way. Nothing serious. But that's it. And if you want to listen once in a while, guess what? That's up to you. That's fine. That's fine. Whatever makes you happy. Okay. I realize that's probably silly talk and some Florida. But whatever makes you reasonably happy. Everything being relative the way it is. See what I'm saying? What a great deal. Good. Should kneel keep posting the bedtime stories on his website. We're asking on theorajers.com today. We're getting a spectacular response. 359 votes already. Absolutely. Yes. Important. Absolutely. 190. 52.9%. I'd rather see more naked pictures. 81. I rarely read them 28. I don't need it. I read lots of news websites 25. No. No. No. I only care about the poll 22. I mostly care about the goofy stuff 13. See, I like to respect the people who say they only care about the movies that more than those. Oh, I don't need that. I read lots of news websites. I'm more. I mean, I put it on there because I knew it would get votes, you know? Sure. Because it gives them a chance to give us a short, a little twist in the back. Stick it in there and twist it. And the knife too. 11.27 at 5.60. Here's something you ought to stick in your mouth. No, not that. We're talking about Olimen. Olimen itself tells contained the finest dollar ball on this planet. Maybe in the universe. Super concentrated. A little bit with health benefits for you. Olimen every day can up or this. Where we do the risk of heart disease and high cholesterol and lots of other bad things too. And the good news is now there are 14 different Olimen formulas you can choose from. Each one combining the finest olive oil with vitamins, minerals, herbal, the support specific needs from your bones, your blood pressure to your immune system. I'm taking a blood pressure. Olimen every single day, my pressure is that it has been in years. Just pick out the formulas that are right for you. And now there are three new Olimen formulas. One to help you sleep. One to help you control that. Disgusting. Growth. And so cute. 10 for your heart. Pick up some old images. Why do you have to in shopping? Just to keep in mind. Pick it up at public's records. Walgreens. Whole food markets. No. No. No. No. No. If you like it. All you men America.com is their website. Or if you want more info on us to spend this product. And what they can do for you. column toll free at 1.866. Olimen. That's 1.866. 6.536. 6.33. 7. 5. Local. 6.566. 3. Go. You. You. 1. 1. 1. 1. And culture is a party girls' life. Party girls' life. Party girls' life. Oh. Oh. And culture is a party girls' life. Party girls' life. Party girls' life. Oh. Absolutely. Oh. Ramsday Schatzbeirad He said. Rise off Lord. Ever before. Ever before. Ever before. A more or less monster of the girl who walks to the amineah home and prefers it on top quiver. You want more? Always lady? His wife gave you a wonderful degree to bounce lands or ring. Nobody knows more about slander and out with a big scoop of bounce anyone to the left of Magdalene. Such a good Christian girl. You want a sprang of fun, typically who she's hating? Political fun, the fun, difficult, and strong on some thought and masturbating. Other mothers can stay key home. She's the better relation, mom. Play to your liberal, dirty work, you know? In a mini-stirt show in Cameldo. And culture knows what they can be. In a mini skirt that spells fishy. She's a tall drink of water on the side of a long order with a back alley look to be like a broad scholar. And you got some money, she'll spread those things with the zipper and a sharp man. And so they're in children. Political fun, this is the original price. And a piece of cake. The fucking bitch. I'm a 34, 26 told noon at 5.60 WDQAM. 3.78 votes on a pool 52.6% today. Want us to congenitales bedtime stories on a website? Absolutely. See, one of the great things on a website. No, this comes as really being revolutionary. Like to that bitch that was our first call of the day. They got me really porked off a little bit. It comes as a shock to her. But you can read whatever you want on there. That amazing. Right? Get out. You can take a look at the pool. You can vote yet. I've said this before, but I'll see it again. You can pick and choose whatever makes you happy. You mean whatever way you do. I'll sit there and stare at that picture of Clarence and write. And the V-style day, which amuses the hell out of me. However, evolutionary, we could have naked pictures, goofy crap and stories. And the parents, parents, by the way, this morning made a declaration. He actually booked up a little bit. He said that he and the beast are going to do it like, like, you know, on stage. He will be on top. You said he just can't envision the beast being on top of him. It's a matter of physics. How about side by each? I got another great bedtime story. Can you believe that? Because I have no code. I actually do have calls. I'm going to read this one anyway. I want to read this. Good. This is the. See there. You go again. Oh, dear. I listen to you. We blow off half of the audience. And I agree with you. I agree with you. It's better stuff than my cone. Come on. I'll admit. I'm so tired. I like it. But yeah. But we're here to like get and by the way, Clarence, since you're so whipped up into a frenzy in your squeeze in your little tiny penis all about Fox News didn't have it in him. And you've got the extra and extrapolation here. How come we can't have some stuff about our station? Wouldn't that be nice? That might be useful to us to give us a. You know, we went down. QAM in his trend. I mean, I realize it was a heavy, spongebob month. Okay. Big deal. But nevertheless, we went down. I mean, when Howard sperm goes down a month and a half, he realized that our kind of radio is zero and when the other sports station gets no diaries, it wasn't in the car. It's for us to do well at month. But instead of reveling so much in the other guy had no diaries, how about taking a look at what we did, Clarence? Huh? I just mentioned that in passing. Why do you squeeze in yourself? I'm going to give him that picture of you in the beast on the website. It is a lovely. And, and speaker, that, why don't we go to get the other one. A colorful one of being a by the way under a lot of stress. The wedding picture. Don't go pile and down. Why not? Why not? Why not pile it on? That's a loony. John Moyers is editor in chief of Tompane.com and rights. Oh, I'm going, I'm going to squeeze myself on. I read these words. George W. Bush is a liar. I said that the L word someone a Washington had do. Thanks to A.W.W.M.D. people all across America have the L word on their lips, but here in D.C. it's still a hard one to mouth. Few Washington-based commentators and fewer politicians have done so. On Sunday, June 22, the New York Times had a chance to be the first big league out bid to say it plainly. But the headline on Washington-based reporter David E. Rosenbaum's story. Bush may have his ever exaggerated, but did he lie? Was it that the story would pull up short? Rosenbaum considered a narrow question, whether Mr. Bush has told any neat, tidy, obvious lies, and concluded he is not a couple of Fives in Distortion, maybe but no lies. Whether the President twisted intelligence at WMD can probably be answered conclusively, only by historians when all the evidence and consequences are known Rosenbaum wrote, so our kids get to pay the debt of our imperial aspirations and our tax breaks, and someday they'll be the first to know how it all happened. Distance seems to make criticism easier. The Times Princeton-based columnist Paul Crockman has written that the administration systematically and brazenly distorts the facts and is choosing and exaggerating intelligence and misleading the public, close but still no L-word. Boston-based William Rivers' pit isn't dotted. The administration lied us into a war-writes-the-high-school teacher whom one might as a comment for truth out.org. Trust a teacher on this, we can spot liars who haven't done their homework a mile away. A full page ad on New York Times-lifeweek by moveon.org and WMDWMD members across the nation put it plainly in voice to the President on his own pointed WMD words of mass distortion. Under the headline, Miss Leader, the ad stacked up five of Mr. Bush's P. War Woppers and noted, it will be a tragedy if young men and women were sent to die for a lie. Full disclosure, Tom Paine.com liked the ad so much we paid to run at this week in the weekly standard. Harley-Sorenson, writing on SFgate.com gets the prize for directness. Why mince words? These are the facts. One, President George W. Bush's a liar, two Secretary of State Colin Powell is a liar, three Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld is a liar, four National Security Advisor, Combellies, Arreys' a liar, no mince in there. So the word is out there in different forms lies, lies, lying, liar. When will Mr. Bush pute the de-apponents of the government that Democrats decide it's time to tell it like it is? Democrats have accused the president of a pattern of deception and deceit Senator Bob Graham, said he's not been entirely truthful, Howard Dean, and led us to war based on unfounded assertions represented Dennis Cassinat, strong stuff that still no ill word. Opposition worthy of the name would push the GOP control housing senators' beyond the question of what the intelligence community knew about WMD, where it seemed stalled. Senator J. Rockefeller, the ranking Democrat on the sentence intelligence committee, and invoke committee rules that would allow his minority party to launch a full investigation, but he won't, reportedly, for fear of being seen as partisan. If this isn't the time for partisanship, after while we're talking about manipulations that led the nation into war, what is? Rockefeller's timidity is allowing committee Republicans to cover what looks more everyday like a lie of literally global magnitude, perhaps Democrats feared that they went WMD or found and they will be found by Hooker Crook. But they needn't worry, even if his lead in the nation to war weren't an issue, Mr. Bush's record is full of lies. The president says he supports our troops, but he proposed cutting veterans benefits in size stepped along meant to protect the health of soldiers headed for combat. His lead no child behind pledges of fraud, he's vastly underfunded his own education plan, and he signed the recent text to leave an after GOP minn and sneakily removed provisions benefiting low income families. Mr. Bush says he's co-a-compacient conservative, but only a hard-hearted radical would push his Robin Hood and reverse tax policies. He says he wants to expand national service programs, but he's presiding over a huge cut in AmeriCorps programs. Candidate Bush promised to be a United out of the divider, but his foreign policies have profoundly divided the international community isolated American divided her stock in the eyes of the world. Mr. Bush's administration is built-on lies, which means the grand daddy of the mall is to promise to restore honor and integrity of the awful office. Presidential brain Carl Rove must be worried. Rove knows that any president's popularity rests more on whether voters think he's a believable and admirable leader than on the substance of issues. George's W. Bush has that going for him. People might not like his policies if they understand him at all, but they like his swagger and certitude and they trust him to do what he says. But that trust could crumble if questions linger about whether the White House deceived us into war. Few of the president's allies could have would defend that even GOP TV aka Fox News would have trouble explaining away that one. Outstanding article by John Moore is editor in chief of Tompane.com. Oh, that's reading. You'll thank you. I'm saying you like that. I like it a lot. See that but bitchy thinks I want to be the victor Borga of Pachio host. Is that right? No, that was a senior winters. No, Vick and Borga was the one I always was threatening to play the piano when he played a couple of notes and would never play it. Even though we could do it very well. She thinks I'm going to threaten to read the bed. I'll read whatever once I want to. How do you like that honey? When and if and how I feel like it. Because last time I checked it with the new Roger show, that some sour miserable humorless bitch show. Why is that? I've asked that so many years. Why is it that the women of South Florida? Maybe it's just women in general in the US anyway. How much time are you giving me? Are so uptight and have no sense of humor. There may be the two busy watching Jerry Springer something intellectual like that or judge Judy. Huh? Maybe they're doing their duty and watching judge Judy. While Mo is picking his. Judy. 19 till noon at five, 60 don't forget it's Wednesday. That means that gigantic all comedy bits one to two are because we're adolescent and juvenile on this radio station. We're proud of it. How do you like that? We can actually pass along some useful information and also have a goofy time and get a few laughs and do a whole bunch of things. Maybe squeeze ourselves once you try to swim in in South Florida man. Get a life. Get a life. Get a sense of humor. Lighten up a little bit. Okay? You miserable, but boy if we were talking about bilingualism and those nasty Cubans are about alien about hanging chairs man to be calling in like crazy. Be keep on eating. Women who haven't even been born yet would be calling in show. And we already know that happens because we've experienced it. We've been there done that. 1142 if you've been there and done that on all the other diets if you've tried air v single dieting plan of the pro and and under the sun and they still have a work for it. If you're still fat. If you're frustrated. If you're nauseous from just being so damn big. Balance for life is something you really ought to try because for so many people out there it works. And the reason it works is because it's based on the zone diet and because even the simplest of simple ends out there don't have to figure out anything. There's no calorie counting or carbohydrate counting. No cooking, no shopping even, no cleaning or raised just great results. Balance for life does it for you because they deliver right here. Dole by six o'clock in the morning everyday a little black sack in that sack three gourm meals two delicious snacks. They're all in there. All the food you need for the day. Nothing pre-fad. No little teeny tiny portions. Everything is made with a freshest of best to find its ingredients under the sun. So get with the real weight loss program. Not some drastic crazy diragement that leaves you starving. This'll keep you satisfied and full and happy all day long. Do you only choice you have to make is filling out that menu. And you pick between two choices for each meal every day that's run a program. They do all the rest of the work including delivering right your door. So if you're tired of being overweight out of shape, let's charge a diabetic run a bird of that babies. Let balance for life take care of that dieting once and for all column today nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine. Or get more details about what they can do for you on their website balance for life dot com. You're going to be a lot of you. We're supposed to be a five six six. You a yeah. No. Oh that has really please go away. Find a new way to attack the big. Go home and eat your whole homes. You're a little bit slow. Just like your fat fat child in ladies. If you bite your seeds on a plane. Spilling your fingers that have yellow stain from the two and see your toes. After piggy poo. Have to be back this disgusting and tasty. Oh, you make the show. Pay me smile. They like a cow who's mad and sad. Things may be bad. So repulsive and fire. Your body cheese melts like a crab. But after it was occupied by head as their need. She won't you get into your car. She'll do that in one. On can squeal. On can squeal. On can squeal fat ladies. If you're with your double and beans. Savor in and start from the tree. Between her and me. As material yeast. It's most mission to me. And I'm going to give you two names. What's wrong with a woman of America? Rosie O'Donnell and Oprah Winfrey. Answer my question. Breaking news. Hamas Islamic Jihad and Fataf. Have reached a tentative deal. They agreed not to attack Israel for three months. So now the ball is in fat aerial sharones court. Let's see how quick we get those settlements. Despite. You see what they were like trying to disband at once. We can. It wasn't even said as we're like throwing rocks and firing at the Israeli. And then just having nervous break. We're not leaving here. It was one trailer in three barrisque. We're not leaving here. So now that it's pretty interesting thing because we got the barbarians who do they blow up in your face routine. And they're agreed three months. They're not going to attack Israel. So now let's see. They put the like I said, the burden on his big fat disgusting shoulders. And we'll see. Not that we really care. Look at that phone. Are we smoking? They were doing screenless right now. There isn't a call on the board. Boy, this is really sad commentary. And. Look at that result on the website on a poll. Let me look. Under 52% now should Neil keep posting the bedtime stories on the website. Now that I read a couple of nags, they don't like them. And that's down to 51.7%. Because we got 21.8% said rather see more naked pictures on there. A lot of nudity, baby. I rarely read them seven and a half percent. I only care about the pool 7.1%. I don't need that. I read all kinds of all news websites. 7.1%. I mostly care about the goofy stuff. 4.6%. 5.6. Oh, here we go. Maybe there might be actually somebody on here. WQAM. Yeah, I want to talk to Neil. Speaking. Hey. Yeah. Volca. Hello. Just go to Volca. Yes, sir. Yes, speak to me. So you don't wish to run. You don't like bush. You don't like Tony Blair. And I don't like you. How do you like that? It's a clean swing. 5.6. Oh, 5.6. 5.6. Did I mention anything about Tony Blair? Although I don't like him. But that mention anything about him. No. In other words, I don't agree with you. And I express my opinion. How do you like that asshole? But I'm expressing my opinion. I'm not a goose pepper. I'm not stepping in a line. And I'm also when I read these bedtime stories reading the opinions of many, many other people, not just yours truly. Who are offended and that's find it up not just this is a matter of fact speaking of a very else your own. I wasn't even going to dig in with this. This is when it was on our website the other day. Howard was digging into it this morning? Rectom. All the crap you could unwrap. Netanyahu says your rack is really oil line. We'll open a near future. Remember we had that right on the heels of the initiation of this so-called a rack attack? Yes, you did. Is really finance minister Benjamin Netanyahu. Boy. Another one I don't like by the way. Add that to your listener. Another right wing zealot. City expected an oil pipeline from Iraq to Israel to be re-opened in the near future after being closed when Israel became a state in 1948. It won't be long when you'll see the Iraqi oil flowing to Haifa. The port city in northern Israel Netanyahu told a group of British investors to climb to give a time table. It's just a matter of time until the pipeline is reconstituted in Iraqi oil will flow into the Mediterranean which is exactly the story that we had back at the time. What are the reasons why we went in their fourth-futthas bogus war against nobody, basically? And why people are still dying there every day are people. And the Brit people. 567. Oh, so you don't like this one. You're a moron, sir. You're an imbicil. Okay? Don't confuse you with the facts. WQAM. Hi, Neil. Hi, are you doing today? Oh, sir. I got a little bit of a breaking news for you. Breaking news. Wait a minute. Here we go. As I was flipping it in my cable, too. Yes. I came across these bands where they were debating and approved a congressional metal of honor for Tony Blair for his unwavering support of the United States. Great. Isn't that something? Boring. It's incredible. Yeah. Thanks for the band, those values spoil my day. Thank you. If you don't like Tony Blair, not enough because he's a sellout. Because I'm sure that they must be naked pictures of him in Prince Charles or something. Or a big bag of money. Or maybe just a big sack of cash that might be it for just a sack of crap. 50. A 1.7% on most bedtime stories Carlos don't work too favorously on air. Now because if it drops under 50% we're just we may be allowed. We may be allowed on a whole thing. A lot of work, especially for Carlos who's who's who's who's who's who life is a lot of work. Getting out of bed in the morning is a lot of work. Getting to work is like an almost impossible task now. Eating breakfast. Just suck in that free bacon up a little bit. Even that's become a gigantic major chore for this sad sack of ours now. So the idea that he's going to spend 15, 20 whole bunch of hours every day. About 10 minutes. Work in feverishly to put this information on air for a bunch of simple. I don't know. We'll find out. We'll see just how feverishly they feel about this. WQIM. Any other day. Pretty good sir. I don't know what anybody has against the bedtime stories. I mean I don't have time to go scaring the internet. Look at first stuff and look at for the truth. Which apparently we don't get here and I don't get the what is the CBC is what you get up there. Yeah. Right. So it's this good. I know I can't vote on the poll because I have AL blow. Oh God. I'm not going to do it. I'm switching anyway so the hell with them. Neil, real quick question. On the best of CBCs. Are you going to have any anger Anderson bits on there? I don't know. Are you going to put any of those on there? Sure. Why not? You have a bullet on there just for you. How do you like that? For the one to two hour. Can you place them in grandnastien like the anocornic over one? I'm losing. Those in my thing here. There should be some in there. Under what? Yelling guy. Oh and that's right. They're under the yelling guy. Yeah. Because I know who you're talking about but I know what we have. One moment please sir. I love it. We got a man. We'll get a couple of month for you. Thank you my friend. I'm ready. Last but not least. I have nothing else but. Who go to a door. Have a great day, pal. All the crap you can unwrap. All the slime all the time. That's us. And we're proud of it. Even if that bitch don't like it. I still don't understand. What it is with the women out there. If science has got to be a soft photo thing. There has to be women around the country that got a good sense of humor. Yeah. There are. There are not here. No. No. No. Not. Five six seven. Five six. There's a CBC. I'm gas intensive. I'm oil from. I was talking about Canadian stuff. You don't want to hear about that. WQAM. Hello. Nobody there. WQAM. Yes sir. Hey man. I was inspired to call by that stupid. Mellie's bitch that called you earlier today. Laptop. We are super fedaker. What? Oh my God. She gave me a lecture. And she couldn't just come out and say that. She had to do real snide. She had to be real sarcastic. And wow. You seem to like the juvenile. It seems to be a lot more happy are doing the juvenile crap. You know. Blow it out. I'm a race. She obviously she must've started listening those times. Or you were doing the bedtime for. But she doesn't know anything about your show. Right. I'm just down to be in with a woman like that if she was the last one on the earth I'll stick with my right hand. Thank you makes me happy to be a fag man Have a great day. All right See there's some real benefits in a being a real screamer, okay, and on the sand it will be in a faggot Don't have to put up with these women, okay? Don't have to like pretend to be you know I love you honey. I love you. Please. Can I have something? No. I love you honey. No Give me your wallet with your credit cards bring a new TV in tomorrow Want to see a new car in a goddamn driveway, and then maybe maybe if I'm in a right mode It's a right time at a month, and I feel like maybe being generous. Maybe my kid the sniff is It's the 12 to one hour. Yeah, at least for today All right, well welcome back to the Moja David as shown you are more mucusestation Oh, we got a special guest journey in this today. Oh, no, not all the people are again That's Jay Peele and I'm scowtow and today. Have me to cast this I'm even tired of dropping his date. How is the rating party? Yeah, I don't want to talk about it I thought it was an old nude ratings party Larry's told me everybody there was gonna be in the nude so I shows up naked and everybody ran on it He told me when the same thing oh Here comes our special guest for real, right? What do you know what he's saying? This has gotta be one of the premier videos shows on the air today. Well, you're cool I thought a panic He's talking about real show mode. Let me tell you something But I know what you're gonna have to watch out for that guy there is gay in the left Well, get loaded and hold it Is the broads all in here? This is a squandestation Ah, but in the top of your shrieks All right, you're gonna be that bad And you get this down. What are my mates? No, I need to pay. Oh, I suppose you want to make me know I Everybody else wants me for their receptacle. Why not you? Yeah, you're gone No chance you'll pass me that I see an upper-dead game that I'm welcome every day What you die? That's a different kind of right. I'll have you know when the king did the other station and you have the What is the good? All he has got out of here? Hey Hello, oh What's coming in at us? Please large fellas are here to escort you outside But good, giving a case for the kingdom of the king Why of course, small you can always count on me Miss Carlos and Jim come on, sir. Let's go Get your pun off. Drop that entire boat. Oh, I'm just one other thing before you go Say some away fellow. Oh the crap you could unwrap all the slime all the time Come on 3 at 5 60 WQM don't forget we got the mad dog at 2 the Humper at 4 for another one of those short shows because the Marlon on deck at 6 35 Marlins and the mess in the Shade Stadium 7 tonight and the Marlins look at the goal game over 500 anybody care no now Any k follows the baseball game, Joe and Mark overnight. That's the agenda. I know this parents didn't send me anymore that this stuff No, because they don't really care about how we did all the care about his fox has no audience. They they vanished They just vanished. They took 50,000 watts in middle of the dial and they vanished disappeared Hey, Venerable. I hate to break the news to you 51.1% Say very important those bedtime stories keep them Out of 469. Both it's slipping It's getting perilously close to 50% that's the dividing line if we wind up under 50% God only knows What the hell's gonna happen there? Surprise, but I think I'd be disappointed. We stopped putting the bed type stories up there. I would be too after all how many how long has we been doing it? I mean you At least at least is like a month after I've been here Which is what but how many days? About 30 man Two months Year Five years Okay, well whatever it's been it's been we thought very productive and of course look at this tremendous impact We're having because look at that phone 567.0560 we're doing screenless this hour and then of course water clock. Thank God we got that big one to two hour Screenless here this hour and is one call flashing That's probably Retire haven't heard from you today sir. We're not already we know you're there. They know you're hiding That's probably him on six right here WQAM Yes, sir. Yeah, I'm calling Neil Concerning Howard David interview on meet the press That was excellent That way to been the best call we've ever had on this show save that put in the goddamn time capsule What do how it say all the crap you can unwrap all the slime all the time? Absolutely That was beautiful. WQAM Yes, sir. I'm not going to be doing a little travel next month up into the New York area I'm going into a Cooperstown thing I'm saying you to come I'm wondering if you could tell me what stations I could pick you up on Exxon and mobile exxon and mobile What By the way boys and girls it's the 25th of June it means it's oh hey day it's payday Which is not only a good candy bar, but it's always a good day on the 10th and 25th I never had a payday candy bar and I thought I mentioned it did you? Yeah long time ago Didn't have like a lot of nuts. It does have nuts. Oh and new get new nuts and new get what a great combination In fact, maybe nuts and new get is what mow is picking out of the vacuum He's just nuts about new get Why I'm seriously that is so I'm trying not to think of it because it's been close to the end of the show last time, you know Oh boy, it's there. It's been so hard not to think about the thought of watching mow walking around wondering around the bullpen there with his hand deep in his lime green pants Ticking a godowing knows what out of his ancient And this isn't just from for real we know is a sick bastard for from a whole bunch of people who are screaming in a Hull this morning just to freak out we will get a picture then and that when he went around trying to shake everybody's hand I think that was a little over the edge just over the top of lifting his fingers Don't you Q a m Hey Oh, WQ a Oh boy, we're gonna have a good hour. I can smell it. Can you maybe that's most finger WQ a m Keep working What a bastard that was bad. That was the retirement reverse guy keep barking what a curse Oh What did I just do there you hit the whole line again Yeah, but look at it. It's I was I was very appropriate. WQ a m I think going to keep oh get out of here WQ a m hello Hello, yes, sir Yes, um, does it feel? Speaking yeah, hey, I really like the bad times stories. I hope that I hope to people put it over the top because they help me out without You know surfed around and going crazy They're actually I thought it was a magnificent service on our part for those of us who are to the left of it Tell of the haunted would like a little bit different You know perspective a much lower-end of world and the prices right. It's absolutely free We don't charge for it, but only 51.4% right now, which isn't exactly overwhelming Not only that at least that I discovered Some of the websites common dreams of whatever right which is great. I do not ask you this. I look to your movie list Watched wrecking for dream How was that movie about what is it about it's about addiction and now right? It's so The music the pace it's really it's kind of difficult to digest I was watching it as gold I was waiting for something. It's supposed to watch it not eat it Correct, but I guess I was expecting something a little bit more in the way it ended one of those endings where you go what the? You do You do go that I don't think so I know what more did you need to see I mean you could have seen her a little bit later on when she was like an emergency death Well with the support today I figured how I think they would sort of tie everything together Either the kid would come back or or Yeah, what happened with the girl? What was it? No, I know this scene now you're sending like George with this critique of Magdoddy He did like the ending movies don't tie up everything with a nice bow on it to the end I mean at maybe a year ago they did that but that's ancient they just don't do that Movie makers now they give you like a wild story and all sorts of different things going on and then that's it There has to be a point at which they say okay, we what did you appetite now you figure out what how you? What you got out of it? Is that the conclusion you came to with vanilla sky the same kind of No I that's that's another word ending that didn't really No, it didn't but that was different Yes, but I mean I was other than last you come a whole I mean what movie had an ending that the even the Hitchcock movies is great as many of them were Just about everyone that I can think of and it would like a you know happy ending and Grace Kelly ran off with What's his name with Harry Grant or even Marie St. you know any that went off and we're getting married and everybody Happy ending after all the wild adventures on my worst more whatever you know You know that's true like I guess You can fit they just don't do that anymore now. It's a little more esoteric and We've identified they all hit rock bottom at the same time Okay, let me ask is there difference to the one I got that added it's a difference between Added it in a where did you get that sir? That's one of the video places. How do you know you got an ended one? Yes, that's added it on the box that it is first don't ever do that again Okay, if you if they you pick up one that says edited throw it near face Say I want the real one or else I'm getting out of here. Okay. Thank you. They'll have a great day People by ended it it's like going into a restaurant And you pick out something at sounds good on the menu, but they have the on-crisis Well, we picked and show is what we want to be you know we decided what's good for it There's no video lucky All the craft you're going ramp I I'm sorry I realize everybody has a different taste. I don't know why anybody would complain about them We'll be there but no there said just we watch do we know what you like about that? I just what's not to like I mean it's hard to understand Desire it's a different and it's a quite a stir and especially when you live in South Florida you can't understand You can't relate to that All the old people are just hopped up on drugs all the cracked doctors right in prescriptions just like just like Sarah's doctor Who didn't even look at her didn't even look at her and he's right in the prescription here take these and come back make another appointment for another month The assembly line That's what life in South Florida's all about everybody's hooked on drugs the young people the old people in between Street drugs prescription drugs Fancy fancy drugs designer drugs you name it and that's what I movie was all about sir What are how myrians done? Things he's still Parking you think is thinks he and Harry still see eye to eye or Ask to act It's past noon at five six the WQM hey, I'll tell you if you're carpeting looks like moment We dropped a couple of dingo berries on it here's the answer for you dry concepts would like to come to your home and make those carpets look brand spank and new They'll smell them any fresh when they get done dry cleaning it and in a couple of hours We'll be dry and you'll be ready to rock and roll again. That's how stupid is it? It's a piece of cake when you call dry concepts They do all the work and you have a big smile on your push when they get done and I wanted to clean your carpets and make them look just like brand new Also your drapes your expensive area runs your oriental rugs your leather furniture a poultry if you have problems with pet orders Amilled the orders caused by water damage It doesn't have to be a problem because dry concepts can make them disappear just like magic So you're with yourself and your carpets to call the professionals at dry concepts and don't forget no rip off No tack on sit in to the job to give you a written guaranteed price before they start call them today at 1-800-248507 1 that's 1-800-2485071 or log onto their website at dryconcept.com Please be sure and tell that old Neil told you to call dry concepts where you can clean today and entertain today 5 6 5 6 7 Tonight on VBS the bank that drug cascics service Babu Alvila shows you how to make the most of your legal little existence and enjoy your new farm liberation on this old 10 tonight Babu shows everyone how to expand living area when just meant to spend a weekend I think it just area can be a typical project and cause very little There are posters a sundown lying around all over the place and it can be perfect to build in add-on with a little imagination It's a declaration it can be fun for the whole family this old 10 tonight on VBS Don't miss it look I love to paint goofy glasses on sundown space 12 17 at 5 60 WQM and it's really interesting to support what we're doing today and also going back to that first call if you tune in late You miss the call of the century Nasty sirley bitch from date county Cuss on me I tell me how to do the show and the fact that there were not I'm not reading all the bedtime stories If you did like I did so wasting my time for some months. It just dawned on me here During this last break It just dawns on me. Why is it that she's listening to the show? Since she doesn't like what we do and she is interested in the bedtime stories Why doesn't she just go on our website for free and read them at her leisure? Wow what a concept but you see that would take out the bitching and moaning part Yeah, yeah, and then she just can't be a woman She just can't be a woman unless he's bitching and belly it can And it's just not good enough for her. That's not a matter of heart Don't you know that women believe that they can make a bad situation better by bitching I see they're helping by doing that also in other words. He was bitching yeah Then see her is this still the uh, this is still the same Stuff we had on yesterday is being a blanket and any making any progress today He's in the on our website. Yeah, box on all of loaded again. I thought There should have been half of them should have been up already Let me this all looks like old still a stay and on the day when we're taking a poll about the new stories on our website about the bedtime stories This looks old and ancient everyone leads to me sabotage Get out of here. What do you mean sabotage The road to cover up is the road to ruin. That's that's uh ancient story I said it a Robert bird that was his other comments. Huh, that's one of the ones that got today That's one of the ones from today. Yeah, like I said it's from earlier in today. It's old like him No, maybe that is new. Okay. Well, where's the where's the what you call it? Sturwer's the marine down story That will might not be up yet You know it used to be a piece of cake. I would just fax you the stories they'd be up on there No problem at all. Yeah, just like clockwork weekends. I would fax some new I might have to like try a couple of times there on a weekend 11 o'clock in the morning to fax you the stories Because your computer might might be turn on yet You might be in jail whatever would be but generally speaking it was like automatic like falling out of the sack like picking the seeds out of mosaics But now Now it's turned out to be like a major project. Maybe it's propitious Maybe it's propitious that we're doing the survey today on this because it's a certainly propitious me off It will be again. It will be as it was. Yeah Well, I sure hope so because the ball isn't your court anyway. You're gonna be responsible most of these days once so that once that big day comes up next week That was Tuesday July first is not Canada today. It's a holiday. Hey So I'm gonna do a special Canada show that day Go on. No, I We don't we don't we don't care okay because parents won't send me any that Any of the data Any of the research that we really care about about QAM X-Transover. I'm sure this is available for us And interesting enough WRFX which is page five of six where is page four? Which if you go back from WR it seems to me that P and Q that power in QAM would be just behind that on their ass And page five or four right right don't have page full Come on, Clarence get off an evased for a couple of minutes. Okay, and it's fast me that stuff He's getting a real real sore about back them Even the beast was grossed out By Mo and in fact, I think I have it on tape here somewhere Maybe we'll play the whole the whole beginning there. You got your bleep finger Oh, no, that's right. Thank you. I sure mind it me. I forgot about that Oh, no, you're so right. I hit oh Because I thought I the tape some of them I bit with ference and feral and this morning before the show every other word is Estition at the every other word And we were just talking about Dorine. I just thought it WQ I am I still have a son hole well we'll get back to him one of these days WQ I am Yeah, I'd like to speak to Neil please speaking Hi, Neil. How are you? I'm very good. How are you? Pretty good. I just wanted to tell you that I am the same mail in South Florida with a sense of humor Oh, right. Thank God we got one. We got a few We've been oh You got a vacation Go north to Alaska maybe you'll find Johnny Horton up there with Tim Horton You know, but I'm also gonna go to Vancouver and I've never been I hear Vancouver is beautiful I think you'll love it Will you spend there many times? I'm sure not never been there to be in Cuba No, oh I thought you could tell me where I have dinner Probably McDonald's would be Well anyway Neil I just wanted to say I love you and I have a sense of humor Well, thank God I think you're great now. Did you hear that bitch that call to start the show? I did but you know what? I think you're way too much energy on her I like to set up she doesn't like it don't listen. Yeah, if you don't like it get lost But yeah, she's listening right now. She's she's got the instrument out right now. She's always fighting Well, they have to because we're all just so hooked on you exactly have a very time sweet art you too See you see a okay. She's gone to Vancouver. I hear it's a beautiful place Don't you oh, that's right you want to go there. I do I use the listen event cover radio and just sounded like they were having fun there I'll stick with hero. Okay. It's pretty good. Ben's gonna be it's Pride week this week's means gonna be a minute in Fags here this weekend Which is how many more than that is usually We usually have that many anyway at least I Think it'd be amazed I don't think other than maybe Grinnage village in Frisco I mean as far as Amsterdam there aren't nearly as many gay people Amsterdam as there are here. This is a shocking between oriental people And gay people did there's just a few straight people left here and for a while Test enough to keep procreating to keep that population in even five million. Do they have lots of gay orientals? Yes, they do as a matter of fact. Are they called your very best event the very best event gay? 530 votes man and it's only 1223 do you realize the paste that we're going atmosphere boner? Now how are you doing with those stories are they all on and now or not? We're in that'll be up in about 30 seconds and there's a couple more left. Yeah, I like we story Should Neil keep posting the bedtime stories on the website on neo-rodges.com on a website that we were so proud of and tell We were doing a super job but of course when you ask a question like this you just opening yourself up But they misery us on Florida no matter what you do We could be out we want something different We don't like what that is we're not interested we want naked hot pictures We want naked pictures of screw-and speaking of naked and hot. Yes, Claire said that's the only sheath Greg Gaitton so that's all he can share with us. Oh the only sheathed Greg Gave him well as an accray Well come on Greg what he has sitting hold and back are you to embarrassed and he shouldn't be embarrassed Because the previous sheaths got power 96 on there and they went through the roof since it was a heavy Spoiled Shvolunt even in many 18 plus witches near demographic even in there they kicked the crap out of QAM and He's out of lunch right now so we won't be able to get that and hey I got news for a Greg you could any day any time out to lunch O TL that's his middle name I don't want excuses clearance. I want action. I want action. I want some something positive something tangible in my hand and believe me in it What you got 530 votes absolutely keep those bedtime stories on there. They're important man Absolutely 275 51.8% and we thank those 275 people for carrying it off to like a lenders their tangible support I'd rather see more naked pictures 118 perverted bastards out there who obviously can't get any for a sitting there on the internet morning noon and I'd rub it themselves raw Speak of that Now there's basically all the porno that I've ever seen on the internet there's two kinds There's your heterosexual porno And there's your fag porno, okay? Okay, how many now listen to me? How many females look at porno on the internet? Two Two of them say right and You'll notice that there's not like like there are male escort services for women. I'm not talking about geoscores services But there are there are male escort services for women correct in case you've been watching fighting light Which is dragging out a little bit by the way, but nevertheless, but you don't see any like heterosexual Nothing I know of for women to look at Do you see what I'm saying? Not generally speaking they've they've done studies Yeah, men are stimulated visually That's imagine the fact that we're just bigger perverts of course Right But that's it's a big big one for that broad that call the start to show today if you know how many hours she spends in a produce department at public survey day I'd rather see more naked pictures on radd 18 21.7% I really read those bedtime stories 44. That's okay. I mean if you like our website Obviously the people that are voting on a poll. They're in a more website. Okay. That's fine We're not trying to tell you what you should read what you should like you like what you like and that's why she ought to be reading the bed Times stories on here and not bitching me out for not you know sacrificing the whole show just for that bitch Maybe that a miserable smelly rotten bitch I don't I only care about the pool 40. That's fine. I don't need it. I read lots of news websites 35 6.5% and I most the care about the goofy stuff 21. I would have thought that would have been a little bit higher Wouldn't you Want to see more naked pictures of oh my maybe the people want see more naked pictures? They meant like clearance in the beast and moan guilty Because those pictures are absolutely lovely absolutely lovely 1227 at 560 WQM if you're stuck in a really crappy miserable dead end job if your life is going nowhere fast If you feel like you're on a treadmill and you're moving your feet but you ain't going nowhere Maybe colleges to a special in taste too long. I mean four years who's got the oak and wait that long before having a life in a paycheck But if you can afford ten bucks a month and commit yourself the three nights a week for four months Fast train can up you achieve a new high pain computer career that is absolutely correct Just ten bucks a month and three nights a week for only four months for individuals or qualify So what do you got to lose beside that dead and crappy miserable nasty job working for a real Puts and believe me a lot of us can relate call fast train one eight six fast train and with four locations in town This body when you're by you call one eight six six fast train you're talking to a train career counselor Who we didn't know is their crap and though explain to how this works. They offer you a day evening weekend schedules Dog placement hands on training call fast train today at one eight six six fast train be sure I mentioned Todd Dreck by name or smell Fast trains defer payment is valid for a year regular payments apply the r After whether your high school student on some are breaks Somebody an underpaid dead-end job working for peanuts are just looking to really increase your net worth and make a big fat paycheck Call fast train today One eight six six fast train or check them out of the web fast train.com Wait All right, guys You're gonna make us at behind the camera the amount the rise story of three's company comes another story of intrigue and betrayal millions of Americans laughed along each week at their unscreened index the backstage Egos were out of control NBC presents behind the planet no Mac the unauthorized story of All right episode 19 three take 30 seconds. He had up yelling What we're just right at all. I will this take 36 and if you're only a joint and shut up How could we just do this hey do this buddy please out come on it's been a long day Can we just shoot the scene hey hold up for you and Max now I play Willie Tan I don't give a fly and crap get out of my face Why you better take two steps back. I'm gonna go mini evil on your goofy four-eyed ass Come on, what's the matter with you? Hey, you're here you go who's the boss? Hey, you're not the boss. Oh, yeah, what is that giant sign over there say? It says that title of a show How then who's the boss? How was the ball? All right, you are out you are you're damn right. I am you four-eyed three keys Go I ain't it there was also sexual politics playing out behind the scenes Hey, what the are you doing in my trailer? Oh, it's me and drive play when Tanner on the show what does that mean to me? Well, we had a deal as week and we got pretty intimate and you never called me And I thought we had something together we did my point Jim move on cupcake What you told me you love me? You believe me. I did I am a great actor then get the God of here before in gold security behind the planet Mill Mac the amount of my story of Next week on NBC all the crap you could unwrap 1234 26 still one is five 60 WQAM here's the fact that says while in Toronto Where do you go to watch the races right into my living room as a matter of fact? We have wood vine and we have Mohawk never been to either one of them. They're like way way out there. You know what I mean? No, I take a cam Huh no idea. I have to take a cam They're like woodbines well by the airport, but they have great racing here and I consider right here on my Well, wood vine considers buying the metal lands. What you say? Well, you have to hear a day the grandma's side of it. It's a possible per person Here you go. That's a racing channel. I want to see that I can watch your right here's a matter of fact So there you go. There's the answer to your question sir on a racing channel racing that works doesn't cost me a dime Although you can't open up a phone economy think that's a good idea. No Or come on to leave Shot because it wasn't a bullet shot like we've seen Look down here. I like that you want to watch the leaves in the attend bay lightning. Let's play that the rest of the hour. What are you sorry? I'll be right over. Okay. I'll bring the beer. Yeah. Where do you watch the leaves right here my cheer? I'm gonna get it Take the past an aerial pass And let's the shot golf and have you boom with playing this great Alexander McGillney boy to I love him and he great anyway Any great George. Oh, he phenomenal This pack when would that same look on his push It's a soft defeat get some defense Pat we're gonna be desperate this year baby get some defense on New Zealand legalizes brothels somebody just facts this to me How do you like that? Thanks Anthony Robles will now be legal in New Zealand as parliament nearly voted today to overturn the country's one hundred year old sex laws with fans Listening and living off the earnings of prostitution Parliamentaries voted 60 to 59 in favor of the bill that we criminalize prostitution dry and cheers from prostitutes And there's supporters in the legislature's packed public pubic galleries We passed tonight the world's best sex industry legislation said labor of politician Tim Barnett who is long champion changing New Zealand sex laws It's focused on real harm is rather than trying to make moral judgments about the sex industry heat tool under press Laws Practitution itself is not illegal but associated acts such as brothel keeping soliciting and living off the earnings of prostitution are the bill was passed Despite intensive lobbying by church leaders who feared would draw young federal people in the industry and spawn new brothels They were estimated 8,000 prostitutes in New Zealand. Oh right. I mean, that's why George why to go to New Zealand no Or one of the reasons? No, not George not a good upstanding family man like George now. We don't want to answer it Today me, but no, it sucks man Don't you find a little bit unusual at its the middle of June and they're showing hockey games on my TV I beg your horn surfer girls man on MTV. Oh, I'll stick with a hockey game Anyway, let's see here's one that says you just got to get those mobits animated for television All the crap you could unwrap all this slime all the time They would blow king and there a lot of the water and prime time their hysterical just keep doing it and show two So just a fan thank you just a fan also. I guess that's it 5 6 7 0 5 6. He's been pretty paneless today considering where the middle of June everybody's gone Who's this in that or the beast was telling for a lie well for else got to get the lay of the land You know, he's got to figure out what's going on there? He's only been here five weeks plus he finally got paid today Oh, you're going out about that Yeah, this first like real paycheck five weeks speaking to him Yeah, his city link article is out. It's like 30 pages long how many pages? I'm sorry man. Yeah, well, it's great. It's got a goofy face right there cover cover shot Well, I can I can you how don't you need to send his man just go on their website city link.com is in it It's not on the website yet But it will be yes Great. Well, that's good. Thanks to city land again You owe them an apology man. You would have me ripped them an ass when I was there. Yeah Wasn't it your fault. I think it was being a must fault. He said actually the person who's fault I was with the asshole that sent me just the one paid selectively But I picked the guy from parrot radio Michael Schwarz or whatever his name was a black man and and they just Kind of ignored all the rest of us including yours truly Which at least they could see that I'm really old which is what it means when they put you into Hall of Fame He's really old, but he was really damn good about 100 years ago So thanks again to city lane faith wrote a nice piece in there with shorts weed to the point stuck my S in the Hall of Fame And mo keep trying to pick it 567.0560 pound five 60 on the 18. Well, you know, it's quite lottery-day-like eating ass Maybe most thing everybody's got their own bag. Maybe his bag is eating picking ass Do you ever think about that So it's a bunch of suck as soon as you came in to work there at very first day We knew it was kind of a picky guy How many QA in? Yesterday I had called request for the song and when you're sung by and I was pulling back today You said they call back today, maybe get a copy of that song as you can hear it well I'd like to get a copy of that song and a virtual divin I said I'll play it for which I did I thought you were calling by saying thanks for playing that for me Oh, yes, thanks for coming No doubt, but okay That's got it work that is God helping me out see that's my affiliate Help me out there screwed up his cell phone and made you disappear Don't blame me pali I didn't scrub yourself on I did it George God did it way beyond it George the devil the demon the evil one Beals a burb Scoody all up there. How you guys isn't that 100 years gone Biden we put that I want of our best of I Don't recall might have been 100 years ago No, I'm serious. I think we put that on one of those pretty sure we did pretty damn sure so we didn't do one last year So it would have to be one year before that which I think is when a damn thing came on so we'll blow check for it. We'll look around We'll get a flashlight look up most butt My You asshole coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story They got us chanting along to their hit for some sugar on me But could the song have been about sex? We'll find out from death lever What ever gave you the idea it was about sex sex that is rich death leopard vocalist Joe Elliott spoke to inside the behind along with his manager Slappy gold that song is not about sex right definitely no I specifically told the boys right a song about sugar About how much you love sugar and you want to pour it all over you right in fact if you had the choose between getting sugar for it On you or the luscious love nectar of some hot babe for it on you you would definitely not go with the sweet sticky Listening moisture dripping from the on that's it's about seconds Toots about sex. I mean what you got us I mean of course so why asks inside the behind did they feel the need to lie Listen things they've been too good for death leopard since the 80s We've been looking for ways to make some dough so we're We're doing a children's album. Yeah, we thought we could put some distance between us and love juices But the bands are gonna love this record, too. Don't you worry the boys ain't gonna compromise? No way we're gonna rock you You know with songs like my best friend is neat and and in course the street with care today Right, I must do with mommy and daddy There they come on We all got each Def leopard a bands gotta do what a band's gotta do But we'll all sure miss those references to female secretions It's a big juicy stopping went look at show business tonight on inside the behind Prop 46 and 560 WQAM Given Mike Myers the key to the city in Toronto right I haven't like a big ceremony given the key to the city Fog it for him. They love him here. Wow. He's a local boy and a big leaf fan to I should point out. Hey Here's the fact that says I know you don't want here. Now see why did they say that that me? I love those movie shows didn't all of us we'd love them a lot We're still I watch that way at the gun the other night with the lovely Ryan Philippe. Oh, it that's pretty good movie. You'll like it I'll watch Now wait man. I'm trying to think who saw a Brooklyn for Dream first. Me's are used me use us I've been trying to get you like for a year to watch that movie. Oh, was the other one that I Happiness you hadn't seen that. I saw that first right that was you So I saw happiness and pretty spears for so at least that's something This fact says I know you don't want to hear much of more about movies these days That's not true, but I just in case though you might like frailty very good movie about a religious prayer Fanatic father that starts killing brings people home from a list of God give him to kill him because they're working for the devil But you're like that. It's an excellent movie. They're working for David Ross That's okay. Don't worry the leaves will win again because I already saw Religious nothing starts killing people bringing a home for a list of Godgaben It was critically acclaimed but didn't do much of the box off as like reframing and momento It's usually read about by word of mouth Check it out is stars bill packs and a Matthew McConaughey. Thank you very much. I'm gonna buy that today. I highly recommend it And hold free of him some speaking of that pocket right of course. I don't have any pocket Speaking of that again right over here and how movies should end yeah, there's a good example of how of a good ending Look, let me say this to you. I don't want to like get into a big hassle about that because it's ponderous. It's epic ponderous, but movies should end How ever I want to end they shouldn't now that doesn't mean you're gonna like the way they always end, but we shouldn't have a set Platform and life they used to like like I said even the hitchcock movies. I can't think of one of them that had an unhappy ending Can you no In the apartment everything was fine and it was always a male star carry grant or Jimmy Stewart It was Grace Kelly even where he's saying the tipy heaven and in the end Everything now and I wait a minute. I'm trying to think back to the birds. How did the birds in? Kind of yeah, you know words it was the birds is the one exception because it seems to me They just got on the highway and they started driving off and the birds were like attacking everywhere So they drove off and no one said you're waiting for that that was possibly like really a bit of iconic wait a minute The birds were just sitting there so the implication is that they get away What are you talking about in the birds will be mobile movie did you watch the birds and At the end of the movie they get in the car and they drive off and like the reports are coming in from all over the guy They in place and they drive away to get out of there and but they don't know what is waiting for them But the birds were just sitting around and kind of like let them go Those were just the San Francisco birds all I was We're not talking about the second or the red birds Here's another fact. It says recently I sent you a fact. I'm gonna thank you for being the most important part of them there The greatest fertilizers for the seed the fascism our ignorance complacency and apathy Since you're talking about the bush lies at the moment you might want to mention to follow and link to these hilarious flash movies If you've already done so then I apologize I'm not a study listener. They're all at take back the media dot com the flash movies are chicken hocks triumph of the Wimp Pentagon duct tape theater and bush no Nazi my favorite which I told you about best wishes Tom and how to thank you. It's having Hollywood Probably has the life which is why can't let us know the time or maybe just can't handle this show all the time Because we're juvenile and disgusting but thanks anyway Tom I can take the pressure and I already saw the game. It's like the middle of June, you know, but that's hockey up here, baby It's in our blood It's a way of life Sound Florida What's that? It sucks it's soccer on skates, you know Can't complain about the taste of the sports fans of sound florida because they don't have it anymore They just scored the goal Darcy Tucker. I told you no problem we win the game, right? Here's a little lesson for you George if you're gonna become a sports fan if you see the game first live and then you watch it later on They always know the outcome you can sound like you know something right 567.0560 pound 560 on the AT&T Verizon wireless line WQAM hello Speaking Yes, hey, don't today. I'm doing pretty good How I'm I'm confident in Harvard. I need to have a beach for board County. Yeah I got I get some advice for all men after Yes If you have bees and of the stay the hell away from me 567 567.0560 Yeah, Miguel who's getting married by the way. I understand that I don't want to pee on guys breeds have been living with his chick for a long time School and are brains out for a very long time, but now they're gonna get married because I guess you know sooner Later they decide they're not gonna put out for free anymore. It's not too late You're not too late Miguel. Why do we tell Joe Custell to the same thing he wouldn't listen? Oh, and look at him now Now they cut his show back an hour his life isn't worth a crack his cat died same thing with Miguel and of course now Dereen will cut him off too now. They's gonna get married now. The official 567.0560 here is matter of fact. Maybe that's the psychology Maybe Miguel figures that maybe finally Dereen will get off his ass now. He's gonna be officially married. You think that might be part of it He ain't speaking he's on You want mine. I don't want to hear all these go to I mean Dereen what did she ever do to you? Okay? Not what's he would she like to do to you, but what did she ever do to you? You're talking to Miguel though, right right he don't have to be spawn him just talking mature. I don't need an answer because I know I know the answer WQA M hello Me? Yes sir. Hey two thing okay traffic on South 95 is still back up north of the What the golf gold man gays are the golf thief or the president and the secretary I'm not sure the guy called you the have our are so that he couldn't vote on the poll because he had a lawful right have you have you ever thought of doing a poll on Internet provider service this you know which ones people like I mean I wouldn't be a funny poll but it would be an informative poll Well some of the thing about something to think about Okay, I'll think about the good word. I'll think about a pali thanks a lot Let's think about that what do you say and I It's not too exciting. It's not as exciting. Oh no look at that peanut boy. We're in trouble I take that you're in trouble I'll see this for us is a no lose situation So win win. I don't know why Because if more than 50% say keep the bedtime stories we set the side of keep doing it Then invalidates that what we've been doing is worthwhile a lot of people like it and a few other 50% Look at all the work we're not gonna have to do look at all the time. We're gonna save to life sleep and things Yep, yeah things so it's a win win Should Neil keep posting the bedtime stories on a website Because we just like my reading those things on here. I thought I was doing a fine service and the audience despised it They hated it. We blew off like a whole bunch of the audience so it didn't we're desperately trying to get him back Now Even only just have monowebside. Nobody has got to read them even so we still have the usual we have 610 votes. That's not shabby Absolutely keep a mess. It's important absolutely 311 50.9% but you see it's even gone under 51% for the first time in long time Dinner See that Anyway, I'd rather see more naked pictures 130 12.3% I rarely read them 61 10% I only care about the poll 46 I don't need it. I read lots of website news stories. I'm a hot shot 39 6.3% we don't need your crappy stories And I'm most of the care about the goofy stuff 23 3.7% out of over 600 votes so far And you say so what is it 50.0? It's there it is 50.9 Hang on on you if it's under 50% we just very well may This continue the effort because it's just didn't really worth it. You know for a small handful What are you laughing about his cry? Oh, I said we very well made now That does me we will I'm not I can know promises here. Okay, because basically this audience knows that when all when all is said and done We'll do whatever to help we want to in a for anyway, right true and right? Yes But we like to make the audience feel like you know important like they're a part of all of this stuff like they have a say in the program Like that bitch that started us off on a wrong we're on the wrong foot today got out of bed on a wrong side with that bitch today We're at nasty snob he's sludgy bitch God almighty can you imagine what's crawling around inside of her oh? What do you laugh about bad enough with the clearance and the beast pictures you keep there isn't a beast pictures Then we got the morning the last problem Pickin and grinning And now we have this to deal with this could be a new diet 1257 at five 60 WQM, you know summer time in South Florida guarantees three things heat Humanity and hurricanes, you know you can't control the weather, but you can control how you protect your home during hurricane season The hurricane shutter and window shop provides you the best hurricane protection under the sun But just one easy call to hurricane shutter window shop. They'll be at your home the very next day with a quote for hurricane Shutter's windows and doors customized engineers specifically for your home from panels accordions roll-up shutters Impact resistant windows and doors the hurricane shutter window shop will not be at a sold They'll beat any written legitimate quote because when you buy out from these people You're buying directly from the manufacturer and whole-sater so call the hurricane shutter window shop at 1-800 538-091 they also offer your cash and carry for you do it yourself handyman out there So if you're serious about hurricane protection customized and engineers specifically for you and your home These are the people you want to be doing business with call the hurricane shower window shop tool free 1-800-538-091 Did I mention that the clip the pool man finally showed up yesterday? Yeah, it's about time cliff You silly man anyway for hurricane shutter window again here call 1-800-538-091 tell them at a lesson juvenile meal told you to call Plint and if you ask me they only think more fun than playing Radass with the Swiss guy is the new Rogers one to two hour I broke in through her bedroom window And by the end of the gym not weird But I did I knew was criminal but that ain't doesn't do it's you play for the fish I guess my girlfriend forgot to tell me That is other bitch what's up when else is why I'm certainly not gonna be anything else in it I'm out now When you change me with a guy Why did that bitch Kevin I was too dark to see Yeah She does in bed Matt's room It's a spare pieceughter Katie will fail me now all right all right Sanca Monzie is Monnie to withdraw in their own mother. I bet you're gonna save that when it comes to your bag as they bake the aboard that train. Right wing Nazi republican mother f***er. Well, just ain't enough. Just have right. Feelin' the airways with hatred. The radio was permeated with the likes of Dr. Horrible, Andrian, Michael, Reagan. They call it clear channel cost a clearly out to bake the message clear. The right wing Nazi republican mother f***ers. They're all right wing Nazi republican mother f***er. For all the table talking, it's a food and get any other. That's a hoot. That are not me too, whatever they are told to believe. And worship George's there king. Right wing Nazi republican mother f***er. Well, the Democrats who crap their pants like a child at a scary movie have carryin' the color who should go home and shut up, but he don't have a clue what he's doing. The Democrats have a death wish when it comes to deciding who they will run. And you can color them done. If they run jolly, they're mine. Boy, right wing Nazi republican mother f***ers. They're all right wing Nazi republican mother f***ers. Oh, get a dignity if it isn't them that's getting a juicy homer. Just remember what I said when it comes in your back they make you bored that train. Right wing Nazi republican mother f***er. That's a hoot. They're all right wing Nazi republican mother f***ers. They're all disabled talkin' diddies who didn't get any dumbers. Hey, this is yelling guy anger Anderson. Where the hell did they hire these dumb f***er porn security guards? They're all fat sons of bitches aren't they? What are they looking for? I'm an American dammit. Do I look like some terrorists? When was the last time you saw a terrorist with a flannel shirt for the Walmart and a bent billed tad hat? I have a theory that these little strains they look at actually get pictures of luggage from other airports. It gets them warnings. Like we look at porno, they look at luggage. Ever notice a rare dryer looks like a high tech, Marvin the Martian Ray gun and one of those x-ray monitors. These airports security bastards could spend 20 minutes of my big old boat seat bus, Hank William belt buckle, and Miss Poco and Tommy, you'll endopin' his hanging. All their machines and they can't crave one that doesn't go nuts over my belt buckle and steal tall sh**t kickers. Damn! Oh, I wonder wonder when do do I? Huh? We dropped the bomb of law. For little alley, please lay guard now a stop. Let's thank the bullet for making gas. Keep her out to pump. Oh, I wonder wonder when do do I? We dropped the bomb of law. First you brain wash the public to love bush like a guy and you hide back to US. For all your worker buddies who get anything you want you. Conquer them and tell them get democracy a chance. Then you feel the genuine plunder for oil water and natural gas. Or why wonder wonder when do do I? We dropped the bomb of law. What a few dead babies they did in supper long. We sure showed them a thing or two. I could treat right our wrong. Very white wonder wonder when do do I? We dropped the bomb of law. I wonder why oil we got the bomb of law. I'm going to get the bomb of law. I'm going to get the bomb of law. I'm going to get the bomb of law. I'm going to get the bomb of law. I'm going to get the bomb of law. I'm going to get the bomb of law. I'm going to get the bomb of law. I'm going to get the bomb of law. I'm going to get the bomb of law. I'm going to get the bomb of law. I'm going to get the bomb of law. I'm going to get the bomb of law. I'm going to get the bomb of law. I'm going to get the bomb of law. I'm going to get the bomb of law. I'm going to get the bomb of law. I'm going to get the bomb of law. I'm going to get the bomb of law. I'm going to get the bomb of law. I'm going to get the bomb of law. I'm going to get the bomb of law. I'm going to get the bomb of law. I'm going to get the bomb of law. I'm going to get the bomb of law. I'm going to get the bomb of law. I'm going to get the bomb of law. I'm going to get the bomb of law. I'm going to get the bomb of law. I'm going to get the bomb of law. I'm going to get the bomb of law. I'm going to get the bomb of law. I'm going to get the bomb of law. I'm going to get the bomb of law. I'm going to get the bomb of law. I'm going to get the bomb of law. I'm going to get the bomb of law. I'm going to get the bomb of law. I'm going to get the bomb of law. I'm going to get the bomb of law. I'm going to the bomb of law. I'm going to get this bomb of law. I'm going to get the bomb of law. I'm going to get the bomb of law. I'm not going to get the bomb of law. The bomb of law is going to fall. This bomb has the bomb of law. I'm going to get the bomb of law. I'm going to get the bomb of law. I'm going to get the bomb of law. I'm going to get this bomb of law. I'm going to get the bomb of law. I'm going to get this bomb of law. There says that test of crazy ist if you don't believe it just read his manifest. Ted says he did it cause he hates technology and that's why he mailed all those people saying to him, mail call, letter bomb, nothing could. Well now it's time to sing about it and he's defense. He would like to thank you for paying me, you're all about it. Back again, the fiscal caliphate to buy the first edition of his autobiography, soon to be a movie, HBO, Jerry Springer. Y'all, can we now you hear? You're the fan. Hey, we're searching. Oh yeah, we're searching. Oh love for those weapons of this record every day. We're searching. We're searching for the new tale we're hearing. But I don't think we'll ever find death. Oh, they were in their inner space. Oh, the fire. Yeah, hi and no, from house to house and on the earth they were hurt. You got it, they were spin of all those wives, house books. If you still need some Vincent to him, I'll go see you again. But the no, the lion from the old thing. But we're hefons such him. You know, attention. We can't help but prove our all the new Jesus away. But you know, they hate no more family. No. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, that's it. That's the rejoin. Okay. All the crap you could unwrap. All the slime all the time. Baby, don't you come and miss a old toy to place we know. I'll get a won't be finished until we blow up Pakistan. That's a loser. We could chase him round forever with our tanks and all our troops. Uh-huh. But special forces are so tired of jumping through them rules. You know, we need another airplane. So let's cut out all the nonsense. And go blow up Pakistan. Oh, I'll get an even nuclear tank. All right, don't we stop pussyfoot? And blow up Pakistan. That's a looting. Boom, boom. But there's a moralist place I know. Well, the wealthy people got it's way of royalty, by fellow. And that's what I like about Boca. But don't let he go. Don't live as small. I don't know what they say. How tall. And every corner has a wall. That's what I like about Boca. Are you sure? Okay. Boca. Boca. Boca. Boca. Boca. Boca. Boca. Boca. Boca. Boca. Boca. Boca. Boca. Boca. Boca. Boca. Boca. Boca. Boca. You tell her disease. That's what I like about Boca. So please excuse or at its tail-season. At our VMWW Ukze academy fine further, and be in rude. That's what I like about Boca. Boca. Boca. Boca. Boca. Boca. Boca. It's watches, white shoes make us so much noctures. If you're clean, let's you touch us, and that's what I like about Boge. We really don't care what you think. You see how a du-do doesn't stay here. There's no coffee, only Moge. And that's what I like about Boge. What's the first thing you can do? I woke up this morning with a feeling of despair. I looked for my pussy, but my pussy wasn't there. Well, well, well, well, well. I can't feel it. I can't feel it. I can't feel it. I can't feel it. I can't feel it. I can't feel it. I can't feel it. Well, my cat fell in the way. Oh, pussy, pussy, pussy, can't feel it. I can't feel it. I got all the better, and that climbed down to my bed. I saw an interview that my pussy was soaking wet. Well, well, well, my cat fell in the way. Oh, pussy, pussy, pussy, can't feel it. I can't feel it. But I don't hold on, Bob and Boge. What she pushed, she did she jump. And Emma was a kitty, and had best pretty ass pussy to fell in the way. And Emma was a pussy, and I could quite come pair with her. Pretty ass a picture, and her long and so different. Well, well, well, well, my cat fell in the way. Oh, pussy, pussy, pussy, pussy, can't feel it. I got fell in the way. If you have a pussy that you wouldn't trade or sell. Never let her wander or she might fall in love. Well, well, well, my cat fell in the way. Oh, pussy, pussy, pussy, can't feel it. I can't feel it. Well, well, well, well, well, well. Here's my story, it's sad but true. About a girl calls her full and so. Had a bug and ran around. Gave it to every guy and down. I thought of all always be with you So stay away from us if we're still And if you're in close I've just seen my thighs Stubborn and stumbling from a friend of mine You got to be back to now I've got it too So keep away from us if we're still here Keep away from that girl Hope that we're still in our room Keep away from us if we're still in our room She likes to see the world Yes, we've been with my best at home We didn't tell the father to come Now I'm afraid it's funny all these tomorrow I'm sorry if all the guy who's known You have a whole where this fungus grows And getting full I've never knew I keep away from us if we're still here Keep away from that girl I don't know what to do now Oh! In a place that's filled just like the man Hey, I'm busy I'm busy Don't let dress and drag that dream Every day to live If you fall asleep, the searcher can be played And I'm home If you fall asleep, you'll be just like the man Who'd why if this has to say That you've had a bad man I don't hate girls, but don't wear pants That you tell a bad man I don't tell a bad man And who'd say you've had a bad man That is when we got a bride We feel it's all Raccoon I've got a whole where this fungus grows I keep away from that tree And there are big birds I'm afraid I can watch it I'll find my way to find my coat Oh, no, no, no, no, no As a boyfriend, he'll pretend If we can't let that man I'm used to bump For the child I've had in the gun And stand Ah! Oh, no, no, no, no I'm not a good shepherd Will the pond explode It's with a mighty brush And the hell right off the pond If we turn now or hit me Got your ally right here To everything's a joke Out of the van, on the run Out of the van, on the run Out of the van, on the run It's such a good reward Or tell a bad on the run Out of the van, on the run Out of the pond, he'll fall into the desert Well, he can't do crumple down In the town, he'll search in for them If we're well, we'll start to be made in town Out of the van, on the run Out of the van, on the run Out of the van, on the run It's such a good reward Or tell a bad on the run Out of the van, on the run That's the good one, we're here Out of the van, on the run Out of the van, on the run Out of the van Coming up on 125 560WDQ, we got the mad dog Jim Mandage, a two, we got the humper hank oldburg Ford, or whatever 4 to 630 Marlon Pre-Game Show, Marlon's on Direct 635 from Shays Stadium Marlon's at the Metz Try to extend a winning streak over 500 Eddie K follows the baseball game, Joe and Mark Over night 668 votes on a full not too shabby Trunilky posting the bad times to raise on our website Absolutely, very important That's the 506-51.7% Is that a solid? Solid? I'm a little shaky, I think I'd rather see more naked pictures on our website 138 I rarely read them, 67 Well, how about having somebody read them to you? Like Neil? I don't... I don't even know what to do I want to care about the pool 43 49, what about the holidays? 49 I don't need to read lots of news websites 42 Well, excuse us And I mostly care about the goofy stuff 20SOMOD 26 So that's where it stands right now We want 50% plus Okay, one vote plus Over 50% that'll do it, won't it? I'll put it this weekend But What do we mean this weekend? Is that Friday yet? I think it is In your case, I think the answer is yes 26 past one at five, 60WQM I hate this summer, everybody's going to be cooking up a storm outside Barbecue's Glorke here is the biggest range of Weber Grills and Accessory starting with the Weber Smokey Joe Portable charcoal grill And it's under 28 bucks It's the perfect grill for any July fourth picnic Anywhere any time. Nobody can be barbecue's Glor's incredible selection of top quality Grills they carry the best in the universe A full line of Grills including Weber and Viking, Gene and Gen Air, Boral Mait And lots of exclusive Grills you won't find no place else Like turbo barbecue chef, cook on And captain cook all at the guaranteed lowest prices anywhere Right now at Barbecue's Glor take advantage of no payment Same as cash financing until January 2004 on a proof credit This week take home the amazing three burner cook on grill Our barbecue's Glor exclusive is when comes to the host of great features Normally only found on much more expensive Grills like 42,000 powerful BTUs Porcelain coated cast iron burgers And cooking Grills in Genesis 625 square inch curping area too You won't find another grill I like it for this price Now only 249 bucks and only at Barbecue's Glor Perfect again for your July fourth cook up Don't forget if you're in the market for barbecue supplies If anything out of the sun and they barbecue in field This is the place if you want to barbecue out in the field Barbecue's Glor America's best barbecue store with stores in plantation A university-dravitt fountain shopping center Call 9-5-4-4-2-3-14-4-3-4-400 And a Carl Springs on the corner sample in Rock Island roads Call their 9-5-4-7-5-7-6-6-6-8 9-5-4-7-7-6-6-6-8 All the top brands unbeatable prices and they treat you great to at Barbecue's Glor The Lord The Lord is the Lord This is the place if you want to be a Jew, a Jew, a Jew We'll go, let's make more free The old big child, that's how we've asked the time away In the geogello hall Have a look Every night I check in to make sure he's breathing I want to have children some day The store has missed us My husband should be just With time you're not clear We're in name Fear for you You're sparing the jar I just hope that his voice stay alive Justine They say you'll have twins But I know what to do with Not true frozen Spend will survive Oh That's so much a good instantly You think that's all Don't want to hear about him alone I'll bet up with the media links We know everything about the pitch We need to go I don't want to see that smelly home We have 100 pounds of pastry pulse Stop wasting that pinch on us Everybody's had a bill What's that thing about the food? I don't really care about who she flows What else can you say? We hear about him today Just make the business go away That thinks that's all We're not going to go to the home I don't want to hear about him I don't want to hear about him About her mum And I move until she's just a fool We're not just a fool I don't want to see that smelly home We have 100 pounds of pastry pulse We have 100 pounds of pastry pulse I don't want to hear about him And I don't want to hear about him I don't want to hear about him For her full number, I ask for her a chance, but you want to know, please, of my anatomy. You said, I got a lady up, I got somewhere else to be, she said, I'm gonna run from you. Don't have one like I'm from you. I said, I got a lady up, I got a lady up, I got a lady up, I got a lady up, I got a lady up, okay, you did it! You did it! No, another night I keep telling food in the can. Yo, yo, man, check it out. Who are you? This is me, Homboi-RD. What I'm your man, Puss I can get you, get down with some homboi-RD, skinny ho, can I say that you got a can opener? Yo, man, Homboi-RD got all kinds of stuff, and it's all made homo style. What? It's homboi. I did, and it's no little service needed. You could feed a whole pool without all new gang size can. With G, that's large. Come on, man. You want the plan? And get the food in the can. That tastes like the food in the can. Homboi-RD. Drive by and pick some off. This is hell. While spending the remainder of your golden years in the land of death, the one thing you have to depend on is your car. With two canoes, F.D. on the rise. The people who brought you a big black guy name Ben Garalarm. Now bring you and old Jewish guy named Isaac. Get away from my supportive of the old. You big M.F. Remember when we used to boost a back in Caribbean. We ought to get upon the finish, maybe. The white ones are cool. Get away from my supportive of the old. You big M.F. Why the hell is that? I am sexieriously. Profit of the like that. I take somebody's car. Get away from my supportive of the old. You big M.F. Get away from my supportive of the old. You big M.F. Whenever some best tries to steal my car, I feel safe with an old Jewish guy named Isaac. Get away from my supportive of the old. You big M.F. Get your old Jewish guy named Isaac Garalarm. And receive a free flower antenna. Get away, get away, get away from my supportive of the old. You big, big M.F. And old Jewish guy named Isaac Garalarm. Now available at all zeros stores. And the preview says it will tell us what those crop circles mean. We're the made by guns or made by some little man who are free. It was written by him that chamomile I'm a thing on the cab with it's existence. But it also feels unspringable. We can't get up quite bad. Woo, science, science that you move, science. Studio is coming in between the old span. You big, big, big, a sea of lots of dollars. Milk keeps inflates of farmer with martians in his yard. And I think that maybe M.F.F. is trying way too hard. Because those circles weren't made by aliens. Well, check to rat. They were made by Bruce Willick. Sometimes I'm angry that. Woo, science, science that you move, science. But if I'm down more, you got to stand in the land. Get out your eight books and pay up for science. Science, science that you move, science. It's good. But if I don't want it, I thought, what? Did I say that we got a long way to go, yeah? 21 till 2 at 5. 60 is anybody on the other end or by talking to us? Oh, we're here. Okay, I just sometimes I say something like that. You just like, I guess just a gas. Gas? Were you gasped? I got people, I think maybe, ought to be. Anyway, here's the upholresult. So far, we got like 700 votes. I believe, don't we give or take? Look at that. See, you won't believe me. But I just flipped it up. I couldn't see the number. Look at the number. What does it say in yours? Holy crap, rat man. It says 700. Anyway, should Neil keep posting the bedtime stories on a website. Absolutely, very important. Absolutely. 3162, 51.7% that's holding steady. Until we return to come in from the outline counties. I'd rather see more naked pictures, 145. I rarely read them 70. I want to care about the poll. 52. I don't need it. I read lots of news websites, 44. And I'm most sure about the goofy stuff, 27. I want to give you a kiss. Okay. Here's a fact from some lady. About ladies and porno, she says it's not a lack of interest. It's a lack of subject matter available, especially if you're not interested. If you are interested in anything, finish related. Do you get her number? I say the facts. Guys, this won't allow the pictures to be taken or used on sites. You think at least the down and eight-church sites. But very disappointing, she says. And please, don't judge all lady listeners by those who call most of us end up with jobs where we have to be on the phone and all the time that can't call. Thanks sweetheart. We understand that, but there is a percentage of women out there who really just got third man. I'm nauseous. And I think I'm being generous at that point. Funny till two got the man dog coming along at two o'clock. I'm going to bring her. Nothing. I didn't say anything. Well, I'm going to bring her here because I don't want to talk too much of this hour. I don't get paid for that. We wrote that in the deal. There only I can only say a limited number of words in that one to two are everyone's There's a lot of people who are going to be there. But they're going to be there. But they're going to be there. But they're going to be there. But they're going to be there. But they're going to be there. But they're going to be there. But they're going to be there. But they're going to be there. But they're going to be there. But they're going to be there. But they're going to be there. But they're going to be there. But they're going to be there. But they're going to be there. But they're going to be there. But they're going to be there. But they're going to be there. But they're going to be there. But they're going to be there. But they're going to be there. But they're going to be there. But they're going to be there. But they're going to be there. But they're going to be there. But they're going to be there. But they're going to be there. But they're going to be there. But they're going to be there. But they're going to be there. But they're going to be there. But they're going to be there. But they're going to be there. But they're going to be there. But they're going to be there. But they're going to be there. But they're going to be there. But they're going to be there. But they're going to be there. But they're going to be there. But they're going to be there. But they're going to be there. But they're going to be there. And they stand to find. And all this wicked brandy shoes you buy yourself. One pair of rock ports and get the second pair at 50% off. Everybody in their brother loves rock ports. So it's really big week to get into Brandy's. Offers go to an all men's and women's rock ports. Thousands. Except the 7100 series. Stop it at Brandy's or check out their website at Brandy's shoes.com. My and local. We're sports radio 560. You a. You a. Yeah. You got out of you. You a. Where the bag is. You can have on your contract. Wait just waiting for day. The early night. The day. Grab those times. And put the photo around as if my diamond could be found under the train. But don't forget who's paying for bill. And it will soon be your good. You're dying. Say the last piece for me. Now who is tasty in the place this low? Oh, I'm a fan of someone. I'm a fan of all this. When I go. I don't move on to lunch. I don't. Yes, I don't. Yes, I know. You wait to get back. You can get back. You guys. When it's time. Yes, I know. Yes. You're food is soft food is soft. If some red agree. You're not macaroni and jins. I'm still some sweet. You're not. I don't forget who's paying for bill. And who's food is going to be. So darling. Say the last piece for me. It's how I would find. It's how I would find. Say the last piece for me. It's how I would find. It's how I would find. Say the last piece for me. Now that was me. I know. Oh, right. So light. Oh, the heart burned. Don't go, don't go. Every time I see. Don't go, don't go. Every time I see. Don't go, don't go. Every time I see. Don't go, don't go. All my TV. He's president of the world. Republic it, muscle it. And in our kingdom it's hideous. I don't go. I say a word. I want to never know each other. There's truth in that for years. With president of the world. I want to know. Oh, what I get to go. Go to one's phone. And get to we go. Go to one's phone. And get to we go. Go to one's phone. And get to we go. Go to one's phone. Go to one's phone. Go to one's phone. Go to one's phone. Go to one's phone. Go to one's phone. Go to one's phone. Go to one's phone. Go to one's phone. Go to one's phone. You've told me after what I told you. You got me up my hook or throat. You press, you know what. You will bow. And I will help you. We got a great leader. Through with president. Stop. Follow the crap you get on ready. I'm 28. Chance of kamu. His name's Austin Headsman. our fine audience that today until midnight they can vote on move on dot org in the Democratic primary right you're part of an email saying make sure to remind everybody that's what i just got to so thanks for saying to the email even though they're not listening for more of a came from from move on dot org and that's why we're reminded me to come on say hey vote for somebody like bob grain would be good think about thirty seconds is all that takes a few seconds your precious time but to the man move on dot org i'll tell you what will take long and that is a quick trip to Charles out here and get you a good head of here if you think that your bald spot is got to be like saddled with you for the rest of your life if you have to walk around like a human reflection don't do it and of course the choices easy can take those dangerous pills that might kid you won't grow one follicle hair back or you can put a dead mess right on your head or you can get yourself a great look ahead of here from chak alpiri right now Charlie's having a summer special for it is special here system offers only five hundred forty nine bucks for first time customers if you're ready have a here system you can say fifty percent on service and repair at all types their systems including shampoo and trim choice like i said is here as you look great like bob ice and berhe used to look like a clown when he went to somebody else or you could look like moe you know i'm saying no so don't look like a full no moe give Charles out here attract and you got to lose but the ball spot because you give this what and see you travel to Charlie's hair systems for thirty days dot good man if you don't love the way it looks and feels and spells if you are getting lots and lots and lots of action lots of action return it for a full refund Charles out here you call me the time that all the old twenty-two one eight hundred three two one twenty four thirteen that's one eight hundred three two one twenty four thirteen or log out of their world famous website Charles out here he dot com my mind and love this is for three of my six of you way yeah absolutely he lives on queer street lingers round on queer street he has a house and garden i would love to see what happened he just holds and gets his monkey women's clothes they can look real home I'm happy I'll chew He lives on queer trees They're poor, we're all the creatures they see I wonder what they're doing here He said like a duck bite How many does The view of youth like I know too Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh He lives on queer trees They're the round of the queer trees He had that house and a hose garden Oh, I don't know where it is about I'm at one little boy's house Or there are big nozzles Goofy hats, tiny little Meckles, I don't know they just, they just rub me the wrong way And I shun the distance and every speech I love We get sits in the news Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh He only hates jokes Stealing hatred through the halls Dusting deep holes, punks of all sits in the news He only hates jokes He only wants catcher light in the monsaurar You're a... God, keep must have a wonderful aura One, she speaks, I want a cry She could use a good rap by hits in the news Hillary hates jokes Man, well, I'm the critic who we always angry all the time When he'll his unification, then the show becomes a vibe He'll win right through the show The genre that I like the best Makes all this fort holes nervous Because it's only about sex, Neil Cosson, a mongler He says a mongongler Because cause I go round and I'm the one who loves the mongler Well, for these and why I sound Like I just can't spit it out It's all the big swords in my mouth Well now and then you'll hear me lift When I start to talk like this Well, here's a tip on how you can define my diet Try it, it's probably about those pounds of mine And I'll list that right And if my wife gets pregnant with another baby girl I'll hop right into my SUV And probably try to restore a mongler He'll says a mongler Oh, this cause I go on and on and on That's a mongler Oh, mongler Oh, mongler So, mongler History has been changed And the history general is committed to giving you a form With a full line of a previously scheduled programming Starting in eight, its history is lost in the found Where our wise amenel is big gandalunies And a special two-hour presentation of murdering marbles Though waffle iron Where would we be today without this morning's pastry Tonight, only, not the history channel The Middle Eastern world Will be exploded to nomad people killed With the gas that we sold him First time a grister nation and they only won that's going Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing Forget about Korea and the new thereto She never for right wing is really getting over And over it to our head That Iraq has some Females of past destruction Three thousand people killed Our now forgotten, let's exploit him and stand Eight, there's oil to be caught in Going after some time too Planked Osama, there's no longer mention of A name in law that's but no a seat could sern doll A fee in complacency Believe in every word of this cartel A televinistation that controls us by fear Through medium manipulation and a right wing Is drilling it over and over it to our heads That Iraq has some weapons of past destruction So to move The law for civil rights is the price that we're paying We're all suspects now not the ash drop is saying I have nothing to hide Tables, partners, all are saying I know idiot, I don't know how Any reservation, no one provokes that a land We're the annihilation Old regime must fall It's halver, Jim and Stoke With no objection at all Till the crackdown have a fall And the right wing is drilling it over and over Until our parade was made I racked up With the past destruction Only I racked up With the past destruction All the crap you could unwrap All the slime all the time Bye bye Bye bye I am Carlos Where's the winner boy?