I'm sh**in' here. No, no, no. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. He's short as a stone. I turned on the news. And what did I see? There was a man on Abu Dhabi TV. Who'd he be real? Must do power surprise. For some battle ready. In a corporate disguise. I keep asking myself. And wondering how he survived when we do every building down. If it's not the dumb. We know we're healthy. Either living in Syria, where he can be free. On an 1000 pieces. On the whole that's free. Just a question. Just a question. He's really dead. He's a dumb dead. He's really dead. No. Just a question. He's really dead. Just a dumb dead. Just a really dead. He's short as a stone. He's short as a stone. He's short as a stone. He's busy spending part of that billion dollars that they are siphoned out of the banks to see that. I saw this. What's the billion dollars beat among friends? Anyway, it's not 0.2560 WCM. We're going to be a pressure pack day. Let me give the results. I guess today's pull first before we get to anything else. Kind of a lame pull. I thought. But at least it kills him. Good time. Which of these people is the biggest media attention seeker? Oh and speak in the that. Speaking of Mark Garagosti, I'm just one. This is what happens when you're a professional talking head. And you go on all of TV news shows. He's talking head shows and you just battle a lot of crap. And I was representing poor what's his name Scott Peterson. But come to find out he had been battling a lot of stuff on the other shows in recent weeks. And Larry King live just a few weeks before he took the case. This is a guy who is from day one that helped himself. And this from Fox News channels on the record with Greta van Sustrin. He's to be hard pressed to find a prosecutor who couldn't put together a in indictment. The conviction. Ouch. Of course Garagosti's always insisted that Peterson is innocent until proven guilty. Of course. Right. Of course. But of course. There. Nice going Mark Garagosti you asshole. Anyway, the biggest media attention horror Jesse Jackson 427. Al Sharpen 264. Haralda Rivera 213. Those three were like way way. Eons ahead of the others. Michael tax 96. And code 74 that's skanky bitch. Ellis Rubin 43. Jerry Falwell had only 39 which I find you people better get with it. You better understand what life is all about to they understand it. They haven't got a clue. Jerry Falwell only and we only added him on there's an afterthought we forgot about him too. But once he was under you should have been hoppin on a man should have been beaten among those fat cheeks on his jaws. Nancy Grace 33. Johnny's Cockring 30. Gloria Al Red 29. Mystery Ghost Steve Kane 27. Which is about half his audience Mark Garagosti at only 19. Pat Robertson 11 and Jesse Vintura 4. Speaking of Jesse Vintura, you know that show he's going to be doing an MSNBC maybe. Yeah. Not looking to good. Danny. They're having real problems. That's what I read on the Fudge Report. They're having real production problems with the show and he can't. He just can't last for a whole hour just he just likes quarts. 20 minutes and he's done. And you know not everybody's a talk show host. It's kind of like you way. I'm not thinking of anybody in off the street. Poof your talk show host. Happened everywhere I've ever worked all the most at all the other places were like you know real radio stations I knew what a talk show was all about. I'm like you. That's a sports bar with a microphone. But at any rate so Jesse may not be on after all the first show that they had the I don't know what it was like a kind of dry runner whatever. He'd they had him interviewing soldiers and their wives. Remember that a couple months ago. Yeah. I thought to myself that's pretty provocative. Yeah that's really. That's got a really put them on the map. I wanted you to send me all the stuff looting. Looting at Iraq nuclear science. Yeah US troops encouraged Iraqi looters. All kinds of really provocative stuff here. I'll get to it. But we got more important fish to fry especially these movies. And you know something I really don't care whether we get as little responses we did yesterday This is we did yesterday because I myself and worked up into our friends We haven't seen one of the great movies in a history top 10 of all time no question about it. Yeah I don't know not it was not bully. Okay. Well, I mean, I'm very embarrassed the less no. I'm just telling those of the two I watched Now the audience should be very pleased and proud. Oh, by the way, sandwich Oslo and Scoda winning goal for anaheim last night for the duck is they moved on And beat Dallas sandwich Oslo and she know the one of his guys wasn't good enough for the panthers He was all done. It wasn't been well. I just mentioned that we don't get the panther fans upset and the flyers Oh Bobby Clark took her right up the old vacuum. I loved it Shut up those up not just loud mouth flyer fans. Bye-bye. Bye boys. Anyway not that hockey stuff So yesterday adding to my list of Movies that I must see and I had a list of three six seven. I crossed out the seventh one because I remember I already saw a Don Juan de Marco with Johnny Defin Marlin brand already saw it was very weak very weak. I give it about maybe three on a scale of 10 I didn't want to say anything in Jinks. Why argue with anybody, but because you know Because you never know I saw blow and I told you don't waste your time because it blows Just because the tea and this is where I get into an argument with some of you. I don't want to mention a names but Voli for example If I want to see hot young and first of all, there were a couple of chicks in there that were hot But the guys were like marginal ed best. I mean you really had a stretch it so to speak to make a case for any of them looking good and If you want to go by a portable movie There's there are thousands and thousands of wonderful portable movies with real sex with real hot young anonymous who to hell knows who they are people They're out there. They're everywhere. They're on the feed corns. They don't have Rachel minor in be- But if you want to see that that was a really it was a true story which big deal Okay, it was a Florida connection and this is this is the trailer trash and Weston who are living in a real houses and said a trailers But I mean that was just tragic that movie. I thought it was just horrible and It was just gratuitously Voli. I mean it was a true story, but it was Growtestly violent and then but I won't let's see end. You know like everybody gets panicky and you're all on trial and trial That's about 20 seconds and now they're all in the slammer and here's how many years they're gonna be and if you look on the You know the extras on there on the disk you can see the pictures of the real scumbags Thank God they didn't show them having sex. Oh, oh, oh, yeah What's the one site? Talk about pornographic now. I thought police sucked. I hate to say that but I just thought it was very marginal But the good news is I watched that first. Yeah, good play so then I get into the recommend for a dream with Ellen Burston In fact, there's really only four people in the movie of any consequence. There's other people But Ellen Burston, Jared Lee, Doge Jennifer, Collean, Marlin Wands and Like I said, one of the greatest movies in the history mankind I seriously hope that kids in Gummall both of which I have sitting here. I hope that they're not like The same thing as Bully because of the year. I'm gonna burn them. Never say the word Neither one. Oh, I thought the beer boy saw kids He did I didn't like it too much 30 30 mess. What I got a kid Yeah, that I hear that's what I want to talk me at a buy-in it. No, I did not you said it was hot teenagers having sex and getting stolen all day Didn't nobody say yesterday? I said I want to see that think he said the four stars That's what you said you said 15 stars in the scale of three you lie in spik put a hell of you kid Oh, and I think I think the five star five of the stars were from the S. I quote a mile That was the first five of the six stars So I got California Memento, which is the one the most bizarre packaging of any VVD you'll ever see of anything It's really bizarre and then I got the kids in Gummall. I have those four left to I can watch those next two days Can you imagine you might be a money I can spend in the next few months? Man, you could open up your own video store. That's right slightly used the DVDs But this movie here, Requiem for a dream anybody that hasn't seen it now Somebody will probably say oh, but it was so depressing, but it got to the point toward the end where she was getting the shock therapy Yeah, I got to that point where I just I just burst out laughing because you just It's so frantic and so frenzy that you finally reach a point where you just Cracking and you go for psychosis over the other side We don't have laughing because it's it's so ironic. Yeah, you absolutely overload on tension Man, what a great movie and what phenomenal acting performances and but what I started to say is if you want to see a hot movie with Hi, I'll give you an example Paradise blue the goon return to the blue the goon Now those are erotic movies with at least good looking beautiful people and those movies and it was like nobody to saw those movies Because they were gonna be great movies are great stories Right, right. Oh, yeah, but if you want to see a great movie Get you a for I all the great movies I can think of the movies I love the most from the gunfathers and networking a Taxi driver and cook was this there were no beautiful people in those movies. There were no sick real sex scenes Correct, you know what I mean they're the closest to a sex scene in a gunfire was a Centino banging at the fat Italian chicken against the door The thing you put a brains or lobby and I slightly so right we saw it the lonie's boobies There you go So if you want to go see bully have a really woolly bully time doing a pothent the count me out. They were kind of woolly work. They or they or You can go on a plane see a much-a-naked people probably we probably probably the same people you see in a new discolay Really other way people that you'd dig to put a lot of clothes back on drew passengers get naked as charter flight takes off from Miami When the chartered Boeing 727 reach cruising out wasn't that the gun that we're used to have a 727 That's right. He carried it is okay when the chartered Boeing 727 reach cruising out to do an 87 Passengers took off their seat belts and they removed their clothes. All right the new flight build by organizers is the first one of its kind Took off Saturday afternoon from MIA headed for Cancun, Mexico Can we say that anymore cancun? Nothing we can see that a Houston travel agency specializing clothing optional getaways Organized the trip pass nearest paid 499 bucks for the trip with many hitting the cancun's elderwater resort and spa for a new week These are professionals who lead very stressful lives and are ready to let it all go said Donodang You'll come over the castaways travel agency and and in the buck travel on the inaugural flight They are adventurers and risk takers they only want closes a constraint There were limits though the captain and crew kept their clothes on and no hot coffee or tea was there for fear of Oh come on oh, that would be bad to burn your privates on your first onion inaugural nude flight So there you go. That's the kind of crap that's going now. We got a bunch of people and Georgia has to salient point before the show this morning He was wondering if there was like special Covering on the seat right requires you know when no seriously what is that about a two-hour trip to Cancun? Okay I think it's less than that. It's not really very far, but at least now we're out and a half and You don't want to be like sitting on a seat in a plane that long with your with your Ass sweat run a seat right making contact. Oh even in the colonies They have the towel requirement before you sit down. You have to you know put a towel down Do they really that's what I saw in a documentary? 12 minutes. I think they have that little Havana too, don't they? How old? 12 minutes past nine at five, 60 WCWA you know mother's day is this Sunday and the folks had from Aunt Eddie Berg and busy hand-making some great new bears Your mom wife and grandma deserve something extra special this year show them just how much you really appreciate him by sitting in authentic Vermont teddy bear She'll receive a beautiful bear personalized just for her and delivered with a free card in gourmet candy and a cup of colorful gift box They've got great beers waiting for you like to spa mob bear Mom's biggest fan or the new queen for a day bear and don't forget that it's your job to get a gift from the kids and mother and come Said is always perfect at as many little cubs as you need with their names embroidered rather me off it It's a lot more creative and tough than those dying flowers in this one this gift will last a lifetime So call 1-800-829 bear in a friendly bear counsel will help you tell her a bear just for her So she'll know you put some real thought in your gift this year You just won't believe the reaction you'll get maybe even get lucky ordering this quick and easy call 1-800-829 bear Or shop online ever my teddy bear.com. This year. Thank mom for all she does. I see it And when I'm talking about mom I was thinking it was maybe for your wife or girlfriend Maybe you're good lucky with mom who knows this year's hack bomb for all she does with a Vermont teddy bear call 1-800-829 B-E-A-R and tell them that perverted old Neil told you to call my We're sports video five 60s you a Is there anything that guy doesn't know This week got celebrity She's you are truly invited to doom We're Not Forneatu in celebrity That was We're lucky I'm funny. My 16 at 5.60, W.W. I'm so anyway, there was something for everybody's drug problems in that movie, where we even for a dream. Yeah. I mean, young people goes without saying they had some problems, especially that little problem on the arm there that Harry had. Yeah. That's it. Oh, don't stick that. Look at that in that. That thing was, we're talking about a purple haze. But it's face when he's looking at it. He's like, oh, yeah. That was really fun. Here at Lito, by the way, it's pretty interesting guys. I just mentioned that in passing, so that, you know, and what's your name? Jennifer Conley. What can be said? Well, they're not, what's not to like? Yeah, they were an interesting, and the end. But you notice we didn't have any good to it. Or even anger to it is flesh and end. Well, we met still one of the great movies in history. If you want to see flesh get a porn movie, if you want to see a great movie, get to recommend for a dream or something really good with a great story. Lady Mary. But it was so perfect for South Florida, because you got the old yentas and what was left of Koenia, I'll let it remind of me of the old Miami Beach before South Beach. And it was just what all the old the yentas sitting out there were with their, with their, a lawn char. I said, you notice how they each had to bring their own lawn char? And then when she thought out she was supposed to be on TV, so she thought, then she became a real star. She got to sit right up front, right? And everybody liked her. When they discovered she was going to be on TV. So then she started popping up, and it pulls to lose the weight, so she could put on a red dress. She went to one of the Zillions of diet pill with doctors, which of course are all over the place. She went to a physician, a physician, who had the green ones and red ones and blue ones. And blue ones. So she became an old junkie, and of course, then I mean, time the sun was a busy deal with everybody else. It was just, I mean, the, everything about that, right, the tempo, the tempo is the pace increased and the movie and the scenes where they kept shooting from one face to another and around a room and like your head was spinning. Uh-huh. Really, there were points as the movie kept wound up, and you were getting more and more wound up and your head starts spinning like a drail. And like I said, by the time I got to the last, but maybe 10 minutes of the movie where they hand her like, you know, step down and then we're doing the shock therapy like in focus, then. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. You see, I mean, even this be pressing as it was, you still have to land, right? You know, they had a chopper's arm off, I should've said that. Oh, oh. But it's one of them things, you know, you stick enough needles in your arm and suit earlier and see they're going to fall off or you're going to croak her both. So that was just, what can there be said about that movie? If we don't get response on that movie, at that stage of the game, I just get up and I, I just walk away, you know, you believe that? No, but it sounds good. No, seriously, I mean, if there, there've gotta be people who saw it. It's not that old. It was 91, was it? I mean, a 2001, 2000. How do I keep doing that? 2001, why? Why? Because we're in a new millennium. So anyway, in honor of the movie, here's my poll question today. What's your number one addiction? Or I guess, I guess we'll have to put on there. I don't have any for people who lie. I had one to add. Moined, remember, put that on there. I don't have any. No addictions. So here's my list so far. Sex, food. Now, I could have got more specific with somebody, but that's boring. You know, I could get that like sweet or, you know, I don't want to get all that specific. We'll have 600 choices on here. Sex, food, cocaine, pot, gambling, like Bill Bennett. Bill Bennett says he's not going to gamble anymore. You know, I don't know. I don't know. The near-rod you show, the internet. I don't have any. And what's yours? TV. Yeah. TV junkies. Carlos says heroin is favorite. Heroine? Well, you think anybody's going to put down heroin? Yeah. What is this? You? I understand. Okay. Well, now see now what you've done. We'll probably have like 6,000 heroin addicts. I think it's like, we could have another, of course, having spoken to many of them. It wouldn't surprise me at all. Is that it? Yeah. That's all I got. Oh, we could have another, another drug. Category for the people that want to be personality like, you know, for all of the other things. Exorcism. Yeah. See much. We could put ecstasy on there. All right. I'm not putting opium on. Nobody does opium. Well, regularly. No. How about morphine? Of course, in Georgia's case, we don't want to say nobody does anything. This Georgia, you know, Georgia's done it all. In fact, the people have will be yesterday would be a shock to see what goes on every weekend. If Georgia's down. Let's see, a flight can come to Miami is on a bad day. 75 minutes around a good day at 60 minutes. Well, that's what I said. I would win hour and a half is no, what I said after I corrected myself. Yeah, sure. Well, whatever. Who gives a crap? I mean, even was like 40 minutes. I mean, sitting there asked on a plain seat. I'd be covering that thing in plastic. I'd have it her medically sealed before I left the next asset on it. That's just my own resort. The white facts this off you want me to put other drugs on there or not as an all inclusive category. But not like what other drugs like acid, although they drop all acid that movie last night or that wasn't the movie that were dropping acid was the other movie was bully right. Just beginning all these people in my call up with their favorite. Missile anus draw. They were dropping acid in this movie, too. And then of course the scene, every time somebody either took did any kind of a drug. No matter what felt was, you saw the scene with the montage, the montage with the I can't even explain it. explain it. Okay. Get the script. Except that it always ended with a big eye, the bloodshot eye. I was just amazing. Even the coffee. Seriously. Stop and think of what it went into making that movie. I didn't have time yesterday to look at all the extras on their re-all interviews and watch all the commentary by the director. Darren Eranowski. But I'm going to do that today because that had to be one of the most spectacular efforts to make a movie in history. But ideas. And she was just great. If you don't remember Ellen Burst and audio-old folk, she was in the excess of the course played mommy. Right. She's great. 560560, pound 560, only AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line WQAM. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Hi sir. Hey, can I talk to you? Speaking. Yes. Coffee. I beg your pardon. He said caffeine. Yeah. Okay. Can't be. No. I wanted these coffee. Yeah. I wanted these colors. I'm like they're in the strainer today. Of course there's only been one. Maybe he was in the strainer. Maybe he's straining through his caffeine. Okay caffeine. That's a good one. I thought we're going to have it like a discussion about that movie. Right away they're like doing their one word responses again for the pool. Let's talk about these movies. Okay. Let's talk about Requiem for a dream. Jesus Christ man. What a bunch I did. I'm so I am so worked up about this and so enthusiastic about having discovered such a phenomenal movie as depressing as it was. I mean they're already pressing movies that leave you like, oh yeah I want to blow my brains up. And then there's something like this that you feel like you spent and it's not that long of a movie. There's like hour 45 something like that. I know it wasn't. Yeah 105 minutes is what? Yeah it's 50 minutes. Try two hours. WQA and hello. QAM? Yes sir. I'm addicted to sports talk radio. Yeah. I don't know. I don't think he's lying. Yeah what would you just some help okay? We're just a male. Given the phone numbers okay we got a whole list of numbers. Some good shrinks that can help you with your problem but they're what this. WQA and hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah I think I would have to say shopping and Viagra. Okay. Shopping. He's a most shopping where it's a women will put that down. Shop of Alex. See what I mean about this audience? They would just want to do a list every guy damn day. You could have an endless supply if you can come up just with the right question. You know like what's your favorite fruit besides me or wrong? You know what's your favorite fruit? Five six how about persimmons? Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty this is this is beyond astonishing to make really it maybe nobody in the Saudi insolvent movie. It's possible. Maybe they hated it. Maybe they liked bully. Well they're cause we had yesterday where guys that like bully but they said like you know they were doing acid themselves. WQA and hello. QAM. WQA and hello. Tell us the new lovers. Oh god you know something I'm right on the verge I'm so close. I'm thinking in a little corner of my mind you know even though it was seven months of absolute hell I'm really thinking what's the point you know. And I mentioned before the show I was telling George and Carlos that you know as of the weekend there was a big drop off on the response on the website and that's because and I look back at last year stats on their tune it's exactly the same thing as of after Easter and Passover and especially the first weekend in May. That's when everybody builds out of South Florida. We're not playing with a half a deck. We're playing with an empty deck. And you'll notice at the same time that's when it seemed like the people that we you know been lucky enough the last two or three months that like a few real calls every day they just vanished too because anybody with a half a brain they're out of that place anyway. Wow. So all that's just do there on the phone okay I let you still contact you back really easily to that other stuff I enjoyed it a lot. Even though there were people inside the building who hated like poison and oh my god you're blown away the audience and the demographics you know something that's strictly up to the audience if we can't get people anything to say but screw them. Because the colors as you noticed the colors are a detriment to my life and my life and my life notice to my sanity to my mental ability to continue living. Same tired tragic pathetic. Oh the whispering guy the you know and then these one word responses what's the poll today well how about how about this how about that how about you know. By the way do you see the bill that it's got a gambling problem no who and Dr. by twice this past nine at five sixty w q m if you're heard died if it fell out in clumps if it just took a hiatus like on a corner of tapped in hiatus. Then the answer is get you some hair back that looks really good for my buddy Chuck alfiri Charlie's hair is the best looking in the business that's why even a big shots people with lots of money go to Charlie because they know that no matter how much they pay they can't get a better looking here I had to hear the natural hairline system for over twenty five years Charlie's been making guys look their best and you have nothing lose but that shiny growth test nasty looking balls but that makes you look so old because everybody gets Charlie's 3d day guarantee if you don't love the way it looks and feels Charlie give you a full refund no problems at all and be sure mention my name when you call you in extra two or bucks off the regular price. Here's the toll free number call it today the choices year is only other quackery that's waiting for you out there the mouth you look in pieces or great look in natural head of hair call 1 800 321 2413 and look better and younger than you ever dreamed you could again 1 800 321 2413 or log out of the website Charles Alfieri dot com my my look all this is 4236 call us so stupid everyone knows half I've heard was first the personality might be the worst but I got a kill you I said watch it when I think I got a screw a screw a screw a screw a screw a screw a hole a friend a friend a church a little kissle's closer a safe my soul I even like it and a cold extremely cold show me your hair and eyes don't need no rest don't need no script don't need the pot I think I got a screw a screw a real treat me my boat you the 50560 WQAM we had a lot of old people on drugs that's what's not for us all about and I'm not suggesting that it has anything to necessarily with this story but we sure seem to have an awful lot of these I think we're going to start putting the collar screen to call us again Carlos bad news. No problem? Instead of this screamous, I mean it works wonders for a short period of time and sometimes maybe even for a little bit longer period of time and then it's just that turns it like snaps right up and bites in the ass. So let's start the screening the calls and putting them on hold even though of course it's going to interfere with your bedtime stories. Ten injured as car slams, crawl springs post office, the typical soft-flowed story happens several times a month. Leonard Brooke wasn't sure whether he hit the brakes or they accelerated yesterday? All he knew was his car somehow crashed into the window of a crawl springs post orifice, injuring ten people and pinning a woman at a toddler beneath his 1998 silver mercury mark. Oiii! Three postal workers had a hoist the car to free the woman in child who was struck while in a stroller. It was horrible said Borock 81 of Margate, as an officer escorted him and his wife to attack the outside of the post office, an idiot who won a West Atlantic Boulevard on 1215 p.m. and hour and a half after the crash. Both of us are fine, unfortunately people were hurt. The car's shock was pulling into a handicap parking spot when his car slammed through the crowded post office shortly before 11 a.m. Sergeant Dwayne Easel said the car shattered the postal counter coming to a West New Rebek wall. I think that I was I think I was trying to go up about two or three feet in the car didn't stop and kept going I think you're listening to this. Yeah, I think I was trying to go up about two or three feet in the car didn't stop and kept going said Borock who's driving record for the past seven years showed no citations. No charges were fine yesterday. They also waited firefighters and police called to the scene. I've been doing this 18 years ago as one of the most intense pandemonium scenes I've ever seen, so Carl Springs Fire, Loutin and Dave Schneider. Timberack resident Rocco Bianchi 85 is at the counterweight to mail two packages when Borock's car barrel true missing Bianchi by two feet. Two men up prep again to horror there's a baby car underneath finally they got the child Bianchi said. The injured child was flown to Broward General Medical Center in Fort Laudrille with head in chest injuries the child's mother who was injured but not pinned under the vehicle was in serious condition at Broward General. None of the victims who am Police did not identify appeared to have life threatening injuries rescue workers said. Four victims were taken to Coral Springs Medical Center, one to North Broward Medical Center in Pompano Beach. This goes on all the time. All of them have not not necessarily the post office, although the incidents to second almost two years in which he drivers cash through the front of a post office Coral Springs while attempting to park in a handicap space. Oh boy, it should really move those spaces. On June 19, 2001 a parkland man was injured when a cross-springs woman 74 drove her SUV through the post office at 3255 North West 94th Avenue Morris Field 85 died two weeks later from his injuries. And this is South Florida where, you know, big part of the population, the elderly population has hopped up on drugs. Just like Ellen Burston was, can it's really for a dream? Where people get renewal licenses for six years in the mail. In the mail, they can be blind, they can be deaf, they can be dumb, they can have both arms and legs amputated, don't make no difference because that's the state of Florida. They could be dead. That's right, they could be most of Marnoly told me that. You ought to see the driving around my mother's house so they're on the steering room. Oh my god, you wouldn't believe it. You can't complain about the driving there because there ain't too much going on. That's where I live. Here's a lady in Miami, hello. Yeah, hi, I'm calling you talk about Requiem for a dream. Great, God bless you. I'm wondering, did you see the original or the edited blockbuster version? Well, it says, it says on my package, directors cut, so I don't know which one that would be. That's probably the original. There's the one I originally saw with the blockbuster version and it's still tremendously disturbing, but I saw the original one on cable just to see what it was that they added. Well, well, you said blockbuster version, what are they in and out? Um, some of the, well, I'll try to see this as tackly as I can. Some of the footage that's in the Jennifer Connolly scene at the end, where she's hurting her hair. Oh, I see. Yeah, there's a little bit of rain that's out right, she's in the orgy. Yeah, that part. I'd like to be real upset if they added that. Yeah, that's a lot of other people. They had to clean it up for blockbuster, I guess. But it's a tremendous, we disturbing movie. It's fixing your head for days and days. Yeah, and the acting, her, especially, by the way, I mean, the acting is just so spectacular. I don't know where to describe it. I've never seen a performance like it in my life. Oh, yeah, so they were all amazing. That was incredible. Did you see they actually played, there's a Simpson's parody that they do on it this past week on the Simpson. Yeah, twice. Yeah, with the rib witch sandwich. Yes. I'm a dialating and that had me on the floor. Excellent. Okay, thanks. Thank you. Bye bye. He prefers the company of men who just doesn't just calm down. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the palm 5, 6, the on the AT and T of rise on the other side. Now, my mentor, I guess is the one I'm going to watch next because I think that's a great heat winner. I let it a lot. And the packaging. Oh, you saw, you seen it? Well, that's all, yeah. So packaging on this DVD is the most bizarre. First of all, it's a double CD package. Okay. And it just says you can't even barely read it. It's a plain light blue cover. It says Momento. It's like burned into it. Like it would be burned into your skin. Remember, in the exercises? It turns. No, help me. Remember, it was on her chest. You can see the lettuce. Well, that's what it is. Like raised up lettuce on this thing. And then when you open it up, which is not easy to do, it's a psychiatric report. And the matter of an application for the admission of Shelby Leonard and alleged medley sick person. And then you keep going to this. There's a posted note that says, watch. And you open the thing up. And it's got all these loose sheets. Loose sheets of paper. And they're like a condition on admission. It's got diagrams. It's got the conclusions. It's got a police report. It's got, yeah, all these bizarre things. Mental health battery answers heat. Well, then it's got to be good. Which I failed that test by the way. And then there's two discs. And a lot of them is production, design stills and sketches. And the other one is the movie. So I've got to see my mentor, which I read about. It's supposed to be spectacular. California, I'll take your board for it. I'll watch it. As I get to it. And as far as kids in the gummo, I don't know. Because I'm convinced that this Larry Clark guy is just a, he's just a, remember, they used to use the word that they used in a different way. Chicken Hawk. She took her off now as a guy who never went to military and wants to send other people to do his dirty working, but the take, you know, take on the world. Rum spelled wolf-a-witz that crap. But chicken Hawk used to mean something else. I could be wrong, but I don't think so. First after chicken that one website. Here's a call from Miami, hello. Anyhow, you doing. OK. The scary part is that it'll cause your hit. Most of us probably be back out on the road in another month. Maybe go after McDonald's or Burger King or something. Right. And then probably get a six year renewal in the mail. Oh, of course. Well, maybe they give them double. Maybe they give them 12 for hit for hit one other. Free in the fast food stores. For good night'smanship, yeah. I'm believable. Listen, I know you don't really follow sports for, you know, that's what you need by that. Well, no, I mean, I know you're to the hockey stuff, but you know, sports in general. I love you. Follow the resignation of the Iowa State basketball. No, and I did that. And then Mike Price and Alabama step now. Were you aware of what was going out with them? Or why they were under all this pressure? No. Well, you know, just to touch on it briefly, the United States, the college coach at Iowa State, you know, was caught kind of like apparently it was revealed. He had a drinking problem. He was, you know, he was partying with some students evidently and drinking with some co-heads. Well, not obviously something not your average college basketball coach does. But, you know, I mean, certainly he didn't break any laws. Well, I think children are whatnot. So, but there was just all this pressure for him to resign. He had to resign yesterday. Yeah. But why do I care about that? Well, it just, the reason that apparently the Alabama coach had to step down because he was caught at a strip, you know, you know, phone around and, you know, I mean, it just, it had me wondering, you know, talking about the climate in America that's been created by this administration. These right-wing fanatics that are out there and, you know, I keep hearing what you're saying about how the attitude and the America seems to be changing. I mean, I just, these coaches didn't break any laws because they didn't listen to children. They didn't, you know, they didn't do anything that terrible that would have to, you know, force them to resign. I mean, certainly, it's just, it's just, it's just the attitude right now that's out there. It's just really scary me because I just think, yeah, they're, you can't complain about our freedoms anymore because you know, you don't have any. Well, I just think that why do I think that this had happened 10 years ago that just was a many, many deal. But now there's just, I don't know, so many Bible numbers out there and everything that's going on is just, it's just like, you know, we're giving up on the public. And we can do what we can do a fork into road and we decided to take a sharp turn to the right or somebody decided for us. That's what we were going to do. And that's where you're going. Well, it's just, it's, it's really, it's just, it's just, scare him hell out of me. I mean, to be honest with you. I just, I just don't know where we're going. And I just, you know, I'll see you at the border. I can. I used to kid about it, but now I'm not, I'm not so sure if I'm kid in any more nail. They got that passport, man. Yeah, I'll see you there. Okay. In the rap, by. Okay. Ninety-fourty one at five, 60. Thank you America, the land that used to be the free and the brave, it's so, but now, the land of repression, I got a good article here about Joe McCarthy, two as a matter of fact. That side, it was great. Number old Joe? Oh yeah. And it's very timely too, because the McCarthy, the whole kind of witch hunts in a whole kind of repression and scapegoating, it's all back now, big time. The pendulum has swung back and hit a lot of people right in the hede. Ninety-fourty two at two a.m. Four years I've been telling you about a really anifty product called Oldio Med. Oldio Med Soft yells contain the finest olive oil you'll find anywhere. The not just ordinary olive oil like you buy in a bottle in a market, but super concentrated little with all kinds of good stuff to help you in various parts of your health. Oldio Med everyday can up-reduce the risk of heart disease and high cholesterol. Plus there are 14 different oldio Med formulas to choose from. Each one combining the best olive oil like I said anywhere, with vitamins, minerals and herbal support specific needs in your health. From your bones to your blood pressure to your immune system. Just pick up the formulas that are right for what you need. And now there are three great new oldio Med formulas. You need to help you sleep. What help you control your weight and cell Q10 which is contains coke you 10 for your heart. Pick up some oldio Med today. It's all over town. More and more people are poppin it regularly. That's at public's echids Walgreens Whole Food Markets and Varsons and Sonos. Or do it online if you like at oliomedamerica.com. For more information call toll-free 1-866-Orial Med. That's 1-866-6536-3633. Don't forget get some oldio Med today and for better health. Stop propin some in your push real soon. You can't lose all the attention and for safe touch and for the yükstay. Here's a way ahead. But I don't think we'd never find this. Stop there, we're in there in the police. Don't apply. Yeah. Yeah. I know from house to house and under it there are two validators. Spin up on those white house buds. If you still need convincing to me, my co-c at it. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no there are grants from john in Houston who says, at least your statement will be correct to say good atuxe octagon. keyboards, yeah, what did john said there was bad acting not enough character development of plot with many holes in it. Which is amazing because it was a true story, but has everything he says is right, when you are working from a true story, you shouldn't have, you could have bad acting, but you shouldn't have a lack of character development, certainly not a plot with holes in it, but he's right. for a dream however is a great movie it had an anti drug message without being preachy it moved so fast it made my head spin where's that music from our aquarium? I totally agree there comes a point in the movie you have to laugh because it's so intense that if you know you might start saying A précédent and gets hooked on it and the girlfriend and then of course the mother who becomes the old the antivirate. I guess we probably should put something on there too. Prescription drugs. Yeah. Let's put that on it because we don't want to put a fanium and all these other things and we almost forgot about Carlos's number one addiction. Yeah. Arrow? Yeah, we put it on now. You're number two addiction. No cigarettes. Nicotine. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. How could we? How can we forget that? But this audience is really slow. Man. Are they slow? Yeah. Very what? So there's the list as we got it now. Okay. In fact, it's on there but we can add to it and we will. We will, Eric. Believe me. We will. Oh, what's you never want to addiction? 612, food 10. I put down food. Neoroggers show nine. Internet eight. Pot six. Heroine five. I don't have any for it. We believe them. No, I put that on there for liars. We got four caffeine to gambling to TV to nicotine one. How could nicotine not ready to be on there? I told them to put it on there and break. I think I'm losing my mind. I saw gas lights picking a movie. Okay. Get up full of me. I saw that movie. Nicotine's got a pair and the other one's just went on there. X to C don't have any shopping and cocaine don't have it. Oh, yeah. Nobody in this audience has hooked on cocaine. Right? I'm sure that. I'm not over there. Just the smell. And we're adding on a prescription drugs as well. Let's see. A fact from listener George chronic. He says other drugs. Well, that's what we did. We put prescription drugs. He said I'm sure that more prevalent than heroin or opium would be all the prescription and legal drug addicts. That's what we put on there. Listen to George. Anti-pressants, painkiller, saccharacter drugs even nasal sprays. If you listen carefully and happy hour, canceby's in Boca. All the girls talk about is whether they got their fatty or percussed prescription renewed. What no like it? That's the next week. I see. Also, Clayton, I see that I don't care too much when they start giving me directions. You know, especially this one, listening to George. It was usually okay, but he says also, play the happy birthday, drop for most daughter. He very reluctantly said she turns 34 today. I'm sure he's listening. I'm sure you'd appreciate the sentiment. Oh, no. Nothing against his daughter. I never matter. She may be a wonderful human being. But no, I'm not going to do that. And don't pick it me. No directions again. Listen to George. Okay? I'm sure he is listening on his way home. That's for you, Malt. I'm sure he's not just fine. So she's 34. That would make him at least 54 minimum. Okay. Minimum. I mean, it could be less than that. But I don't think he was making no babies at 17 or 18. See what I'm saying? So that makes him minimum 54. Now, of course, I don't know how many kids he's got. How many he's got. Younger older things like that. I'm 30 man. As we start putting the pieces of the puzzle together. And find out just exactly how we'll disfost a lid. Do do do do do. Yeah. I mean, what kind of an old fart says that? Anyone? Do do do do do. We might have to buy carbon dating. 560 50 50 60 pound 560 on it. I was speaking of dating. I don't understand what's happening with our hot couples contest. We started off like sizzling there the first couple of days. And then it came to a stop. Not to a crawl to a stop. On our website on theorages.com. We got that big flaming banner on there. Hot couples contest. We should have a lot of attention then. And yet, I guess people don't want to trip to the Bahamas for free. They can plot their faces out. You know. But we don't want to plot your faces in us. Like you know, like the one couple that's got the little strip across the eyes. You know, like the those magazines. We don't want black faces. Okay. If they're too ashamed to show their posts on it, it shouldn't be in a contest. What do they ashamed of? Maybe they're ugly. Well, in that case, then save the pictures. Okay. Keep going. Listen, it hasn't stopped some people already. Believe me. I've seen them. Grand prize 3 day 2 night stay for 2 of the world. Oasis resort in Casino, into Bahamas with round trip air for our Lake Aureer and round of up gets dinner for 2 of the pizza lock. We will continue taking your email pictures. Whatever couple of guy and woman, uh, guy and guy and woman, woman, whatever whoever the hell it is. Adults. Till next 3, let's see. Next 3 days. But we come this Thursday, May 15th and we'll be the deadline. And then we'll put the pictures that all the pictures we got up on our website and people can vote. And Thursday, May 22nd, the couple with the most votes went pretty simple. Pretty straightforward. So to speak. But so far, we had 7 entrants like in a heartbeat and then that was the end of that. Cooper City, hello. Good morning. Yes, sir. That's an upset about the suggestion about bully. But I'm glad you like buckering for a dream. Now, now, why did you like bully? What did you think that was just about? I had the only reason why I liked it. Oh, my, because I said, like I said, I knew one of the kids who who was involved in that. Oh. And it was saved right across the street from me. So I had to watch. Oh, okay. Well, I'm there. How about that? So give it a good. But did you think they really did a good job with putting the story together? Well, not really. But I just said you might like it. I mean, it wasn't the best. Yeah. But you definitely like the momentum. Yeah. Without a doubt. And you're watching about 10 times because you can come. You can get about 10 different opinions. You can call 10 times. George, you know what I'm talking about? No, what are you talking about? Well, the ending. I know some. I never saw momentum. Okay. Well, that you definitely like the momentum. And another movie you might like is a bowling for Colin Bine. Yeah, well, you can't get it yet. It's not going to be released to August because the current put in the theaters again. Right. Okay. And definitely driving along Sterling. I definitely need 10. Yeah. And they sell it in dispensers on Sterling. And stay away from the post office there. You never know where you might want to deliver you might get. Yeah. And one more thing. I guess. As you go. Yeah. Addiction. And guess what's the, uh, thinking out of that? What do you say? Cranking out a batch. Oh, cranking out a batch. Okay. What do you say? Have a great day. I thought that was under the category of sex. We don't want to get too specific. Okay. It's a family showrun in the middle of the day. That sucks with yourself. Scourge court. No. No. Do you all right? You're just starting to get like Marvin now. You know? Oh, God. Yeah. You're getting just like Marvin. Of course. There is quite a close relationship there between you and Marvin the wrong man. What are how he and Deford when they liked Shane together with the ankle? You've heard of people that were joined at the hip. They were joined at the ankle those two. In fact, maybe when a few years when they get old enough, they can then hang out with the ankle perimetics of the publics over there on the beach. He said cranking out a batch and an understanding what he said. Wasn't I didn't understand what he meant? I got the, I got the, I got the just explaining it to him. Now you. I got the full gist of it. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. In fact, I think he might be squeezing right now. 9.56 at 5. 160. WQM. I'll tell you one thing you, it would be wonderful. We could just squeeze the fat out of our body. You know, that's all we got sucked to fat off my fanny. I'd like to be able to squeeze the fat out of my public, but you can't do it. Of course, they have that liposuction, all that horrible stuff. Most people don't want to be involved in that because it's a dangerous and it's growtask. If you want to lose the weight and look like a human being and feel better and be healthier, that's the most important part. Even if you don't care all that much about how you look, although I don't believe that. But the health part is so important because once you get to be diabetic and you will, believe me, if you continue on a road for fat at a young age, then your life changes. You have to stop eating all kinds of stuff. In fact, for the most part, forget about the restaurants and all the enjoyable part of the eating because it's in your past not in your future. Let balance for life help you lose the weight before you get to that point. Call them at 9.5, 4.5, 6, 8.32, 29. Every day they bring your little black sack. It's right there at your doorstep by 6 o'clock every morning. And in that black sack, that's the answer that's to keep the whole deal because all your food for the whole day is in there. You have a menu where you pick two choices for each meal every day that's run a program and there are three gourmet meals and two delicious snacks in your sack. That's it. Plenty of food to keep you full all day long. No little tiny bird-like portions. Nothing pre-fammericated. No added. It was no crap. Nothing of frozen. Everything is fresh. Delicious made with the best ingredients. It is outstanding. So if you've tried all the other diets like just about all of us have and you've been frustrated and haven't been able to get the job done, try this. You owe it to yourself to do a balance for life and the number is 9.545683229. 56683229 or check out their website at balanceforlife.com Live at local this is 566304. Bleak how Aaron's coming. Welcome back to the other day. Hey, take a new one over there. Wait, wait, wait, wait. What a your moron's fucking down the hallway. Yes, that's him. I knew. Look, I'm waving at him. But he acts like he's on shaming. He knew, knew, it's me. How you doing? Oh, I'm sitting there, Mom. Go out there and talk to her. But you nuts, I approach no one. I got not to say to him anyway. What else do you think he is? That white non-swish. I got better things than I do. I could just put my feet back here. Age is so cool. Yeah, Mom. I got something you don't make a feel better. Yeah, sure you do. Oh, really, he has stuck into my time machine. I'm machine. When you get back. I got it on TV. Okay, let's go. I'm just going to get it on the table. I'm just going to get it on the table. Wait, why don't I stop? I'm going to send a date. Wow, I must be in the 1930s or something. Well, at a time war. Like the one broke up, Ryan's looks. Hey, watch where you're going. I see here. When he talks to me like that, do you know who I am? I'm more how endeavoured than you can't be more how I'm. I'm a house. There's only one more how And that's me, pal. Why I made my boat when you were going doodle by now. I'm a wife. I ain't how many think I got up. To take a class out of a pool. I'm a how I'd I tell you. So you're a more how I'm. That's right. He's easy. Just go crazy. Shut up, I'm a mess. He here, they bring me. Who you call a name bring? Why all have you know I'm a well-respected sportscaster from a parodide? Oh, is that so? Yeah, that's right. Well, the urinformation I'm a pro-college. Says you. Girl, come here. I'll show you. Hey. Where did they get to come in? I'm on. I'll be there. I'm back in LA. Hey, I'm on a regular prison. All right, get his pants down. Are you sure about? I said get his pants down. What are you going to give me all the time? Do, go. That's right. Why are you? Why are you? Why are you? Why are you? Why are you? Why are you? Why are you? How could I be so stupid? You know what we left off the pole? I guess we're all stupid. Be size alcohol. That's it. Booze. Yeah. How could we do that? I don't know. I mean, just take a look around us. I have my radio business. Right. I look at all the uh, drum sweep work to run. So let's put on booze on Eric. Immediately, we've not shown it. I don't think there can be too many more. Food. Now we're getting some honest answers. Food 29. What's your number one addiction? 622. I don't know. I guess if I ate enough fish food and enough nestly turtle ice cream, I could find a room spinning around like, yeah, like I was bursted in it. Oh, God, what a movie. I remember seeing, um, because it was just a couple of years ago when I came. I remember seeing, I guess it was during the, uh, Bledos. That is name. Yeah. On some show. And then we're shown clips from the movie. And they only showed the opening scene where she's got the TV chained. She's got the TV set title with chained and he's just looking enough to do it. Go, uh, punish for drug money. Right. And when I saw the opening set, I thought she have seen this movie before. I hope not. And I know I hadn't, but I just said seen a clip. Food 29. 622. Pat 15. The Oragio show 14 is a chance for the honest to look around the edges a little bit. The internet 12. Kaffee 9. Hero with 6. Nicatene 6. Hero 1 6. Hey. Huh. Nicatene 6. Gambling 6. I don't have any 6 people to lie through their teeth. TV 3. Prescripting drugs appear shopping to cocaine none. We've got 6 on hero and nobody on coders one. Finally. And what's the other one? X to C none. Now X to C they're all this into power 96. And we'll get booze on here. Now now we'll start seeing that number. Go up big time. Pop star raises Indonesian anger. Grow with breasts. Fold the tone down act in Muslim country. You know that this girl has got breasts. No. And the Muslims aren't able to happy about it. Indonesia is in an upper over the antics of a sexy singer with diamond studded teeth who rotates her hips on stage and awake considered too provocative for audiences in the world's most populist Muslim nation. You might call her the Muslim Elvis. But while religious authorities have condemned the dancing of Dung Dut pop star, Inuld.atista 24 as pornographic and reportedly pray for rain to determine pressional fans from attending your concerts, politicians are lining up to recruiter for their campaigns. TV stations are also happy because they know her appearance on her screens like money in a bank. Hundreds of supporters held rallies near defense last week. A group of fans tried to emulate her technique known as drilling. As they danced on mass and the streets of Dakota, they're drilling. She's kind of skunky by the way. The fear of sent to the ruling club where by the Indonesian Ulamas Council which found in her performance was not fit for public viewing. This came after two hours show as broadcast by a private TV station owned by the husband of Megawati, Sukena Paturi, the country's president. Sukena Paturi, okay? It's not of our business if it happens in a private place like a karaoke hall but we're concerned about our appearance on television the council's chairman told the jacarta post a report of a man waping a girl after watching her dance's evidence that the way she dances is not fit for public viewing. How do you like that? Huh? He drove her to rape. Just like we used to hear the just the same crap as the Elvis stuff. They're gonna see that one time on TV gang rape is funny. See more like it. You know that Moist got a pair of pants. Somebody I can't tell you who told me this. He's got a pair. Since I guess you want to fit in Boka. One leg is lime green. The other one is Canary Yellow. And the ass is planned. That's dope. I think like that. Take off those checkered pants. Is that incredible? Now just conjure up that vision. No, thank you. 5605056. Do you pound 560 on the 18? If we don't get some different people I know what that's gonna tell me is that nobody saw a recommendation for a dream and I never really heard that much about it. I can't imagine why. Have you heard a lot of people talk about that movie? Only after it got released like and was on cable and everything for some reason it came and went in the theaters and nobody saw it. Well that's a shame. Nobody saw it. And then when he's on cable that's like pot on it was like a sleeper I guess is what they say. Here's a call from Kendall. Hello. Yes sir. I didn't see it unfortunately but I did see Gomo and kids and if you didn't like boy again you're going to hate Gomo. Ah, really fun. Gomo is just like they went out and got the worst backwards redneck in-bread Jerry Springer guest and went and found their cousins and did a movie about them. And it's awful these kids I'm gonna tell you anything about it. Let you see it and you know vomit up all your fish food. I got I got it right here. In fact the kid that's on the cover he looks like the kid in the tree and deliverance. He's the best looking one in the movie. Going about my way my girlfriend and I did see Boeing for calling by and when it was in the theaters down here but he came and went so quickly as the Iraq war you know. I'm sure that. I've got that right out of the theaters but we were okay. Was at the South Beach 24 theaters for a little while with a teeny little advertisement in the paper. I was calling it. You catch a I call it on cease spam. I haven't been able to hear you earlier this week about the Democratic candidates on the this big knee to play a sir. I saw a little sense from George Defaanopolis. I wanted to vote for BDI Bob Graham. I was born raised here in South Florida and I thought you know he'd done a lot of good and he does have a good track record but God I mean he looked like an old buddy buddy up there. Same as Bill McBride. We all had such open Bill McBride again. Again, Jebster and he looked like a old buddy buddy. The guy who looked a little more. How are you? How are you? How are you? I mean, chills up my spine. Look at him. Pop right into the into the camera saying how it's hard time to take care of this situation. Yeah. I a lot of respect for that guy. I hope he and Bob go for the twin ticket or something. You know the Palm Beach post took that pull a mention yesterday and I was really surprised because you think Graham being a Florida newspaper and you know in Palm Beach County that Graham would have won hands down and Howard Dean beat him like two to one with the jewelry remain a distant third. That's just how those Palm Beach photos this time get the right. Okay. Get the butterflies out of it. Okay. That's a lot of power. Somebody says alcohol. You just beat him to the punch. Somebody on a fax machine. Booze. There's so many upman. Oh, speaking of booze, the mad dogs off today. We're pretty fork off about not that we don't like having Joe Rosanna renowned. But today was the day that the mad dog was going to do that drop in. Yes. Were you drugs packing? Tell do it. Yes. Maybe we can have Joe Ros do it too. Like kind of as an interim thing. Then we got the hump or in the studio. It's about time we get these guys back from the stupid at all at the end of the show yesterday. I was in here reading some stuff. We want my 85 emails from Lynn. Why notice abandoned me after I told her I didn't like bullies. She just disappeared. I raved about wrecking him for a dream which is the one of the best movies I've ever received but I think I pissed her off. I didn't like bullies too bad. But anyway while it was in here I opened up the pot to hear the end of handshoe was about 10 to 7 and he was just moaning and the was grown and about what a horrible thing they did to him said in my fash. Scott terming the mosquitoes was big as bowling balls and thanks a lot for this one guys. He was porked off. He was porky and porked off. I don't blame him. The way they run these guys are my man. I mean, yeah a lot of our people don't work all that much. Certainly not like me. It was a pretty good day. I have been on a lot lately. No too much. We need a lot more. In fact, if we had a separate category under sex for like anal sex, the George Concernio have some to vote for. Fair Sean and Ha. He would say, enjoyed your media horror polio yesterday. Al Sharpton would change his name to TV listings to get in the newspaper. Also, I knew the two main characters and bully from the gym, but didn't see the movie. The two weirdness in their relationship was apparent even to the casual viewer. More addictions pornography and sugar. Well sugar would put under food, but pornography would be good. Right. Huh? Poor no. Get it on there. Immediately. And it like I said, enjoy your life. Some else to vote on. Sean and Hollywood says. Thank you Sean. Well, you know, it's interesting because there was something bizarre about the relationship. Yeah. Right. Now, certainly in fact, you'll notice the kid that they killed was his name. No, I forgot. Bob. That's a long time ago. Bob. Anyway, the one that they killed, he all he, first of all, he had the scene early in the movie when it looked a little bit promising. When we were in that male strip club, but he took a friend there and he made him go up on stage because the guy, a hundred bucks. And then he was screwing at chick and he was trying to force you to watch the gay porn on movie. Right. So there was something there in the course. He always kept putting his hand on the other kids back in his neck and you're my best friend. There was something that a little bit right on. Not right there with him. And then of course, just to prove before I take kill them, you know, or should I shouldn't be saying these things because then nobody or I don't know why that movie. I think you'll them. And we're going to ask you to let me know. It's just when it got to the point after they killed him, which like I told you this morning, there was some some really chilling parts there. Or one or two months ago, like, you know, you really just jumped up in the seat. I'm not talking about the sex scenes, believe me, I was boring. But, and then after that, it was like, they just ran out of time, where they ran out of budget or out of material. And I was that was the end of it. And everybody just cave in and spill the beans. They're all on trial. And then they're like in jail. And then here here's what happened. I'm in a bunch of them went away for like that's it. Bye bye. You know, that was it. Pretty lame. 10 13. Oh, and I'm so depressed about kids in Gamo. Or bring them down with you. I'll look at them anyway. No, I mean, I'm giving them a peek. You know, I'll take a look. See if there's anybody interesting on them. That's that's about. And of course, Gamo, I guess not. No, and not seriously. In fact, the canada, I was just going to say the kid in the tree in deliverance. He looks like Johnny Depp compared to the kids in his movie from what I see in the company. Well, it's good. He got another job. Yeah. Yeah. Since the bees, he's kicked him out of the family. 10 14 at 560 WQM talk is cheap. It's easy to throw under a lot of appealing low numbers. Vona comes right down with what can you really get refinanced at? 5% 4% what about 2.45% with an actual group. That's correct. With interest rates of 2.45% it's really your best bet. And it's rock solid. Call financial group now at 1 800 940. That's financial group 1 800 940 L. E. N. D. interest rates are at all time low. So why not refinance your home or buy you a new home and take advantage of a sure thing? 2.45% financing with financial group. What will 2.45% get you with those monthly payments? Here's some examples. If you have a $200,000 or loan you pay only $70,000, if you have a $100,000 or loan you pay only $393 bucks a month. So get yourself amazing 2.45% financing from financial group. Call get all the information column toll free 1 800 940 L. That's financial group and 1 800 940 L. E. N. D. The Renequil housing lender, credit restrictions of course apply rates of income change monthly 5.34 APR. Holy Macanah! This is Joe Bow on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neil God! You have Chinese takeout. You'd better leave some space. Don't stand, don't stand so, don't stand so close to me. Don't stand, don't stand so close to me. 1019 I was probably recorded by a bunch of the Appernoyes of QAM. I don't want to mention George Corse O'R McEl and people like that specifically. Here's the fact that says check out www.requimfordream.com which is a terrific website. The movie is the best anti drug movie ever. The geniuses in Hollywood written the movie NC17 which kept kids out of the movie and the theater I saw to New York City the movie Nazis check the idea of everybody. How do you like that? That's why. I'm movie that everybody should have seen from the age of like 10 on all of that. I would think that's why it was not widely circulated. That's why everybody blinks and misted at the few theaters where they did show it because of that. Well that's a bunch of cramp. Yeah and what was NC17? Oh yeah. Oh, asked to ask. Sorry. Oh, police. Yeah. Police give me a break. Out anyway the fancices and other great movies, LIE which stands for Long Island Expressway which tries to put a human face on a pedophile was rated R and O16s but a lot of it was very uncomfortable watch. You see that? Nope. Never heard of it. You never heard of it? Nope. I'm going to put it on my list LIE. I mean since I'm watching a lot of disturbing movies. Why do I'm gonna hold out? How and about the addiction somebody says how about exercise? You think there are people addicted to exercise? Technically speaking you can be addicted to anything but I don't want anybody like that. Yeah. Okay so we won't put it on there. Don't take it personal. Okay just keep company. Oh that was the other guy I was doing it. What's your number one addiction? Food 41, 631. Neorodio showed 26. Pot 20. Oh I got some great letters to you to turn that. Internet 18 caffeine 17 nicotine 14. I don't have any 10 LIE or LIE or heroin 8. Gambling 8. Alcohol 6. I heard what I've heard about the heroin things. See we talked about it. Right. That's why it's got a heavy 6 prescription drugs three shopping to cook to an ecstasy none. Out of 2012 votes not one pregnancy. Not this crowd wrong audience. So in yesterday's Toronto star I believe at least two letters to the editor. harmless pot plan earth's US bullies writes Dan and Toronto. Ray pot plan puts US noses out of joy which we had that's the runner website. US drugs are John Walters warning the candidate infuriates me. Once again this is a case of the Merkins playing Squidart bully. If he disagree with them that result his threats and sanctions. I find it incredible that in a country that purports to be the leader of the free world and where freedom of expression is written in the constitution a neighboring country is planned for demonstrating a bit of the scent. First argument is not legalizing drugs the government only wants to decriminalize simple possession of marijuana although wouldn't be a bad thing if we did decriminalize it all together. The government could have our farmers grow it and could control the sale of it. Think of the tax revenues and maybe our farmers could earn a real living for once. Perhaps the Americans are just so that once again we're producing a superior product of theirs. Walters should understand the statistics concerning the actual movement of pot into his country and its very own production of it. The famous Colombian drug lord Pablo Escobar said at best if the demand from America wasn't so great we wouldn't create to supply. The Americans of all people should understand this most fundamental print of the economics the learned Walters comment if we were sending toxic substances to your young people you would be in should be upset ignores the fact that Americans have been sending toxic and lethal substances to our young people for years they're called guns and they're more deadly than a joint could ever be. Right to Dan and Toronto. And Dan you are and here's another one from Jack in Rochester, New York. He says drugs are doesn't speak for America. He says I hope star readers will keep in mind that John Walters and his drugs are predecessor didn't speak for all Americans. In fact many of us in the states increasingly took the candidate for leadership on social issues not just drug policy reform but health care funding, urban planning, recognition of game marriages and lots more. If the Bush administration succeeds politically we'll see the US look further and further down the letter of progress so we say to Canadians don't let Walters push you around. Jack in Rochester. Two really good letters from yesterday's Toronto star. Excellent. In fact the Supreme Court here in Canada today is ruling on a couple of I think for three simple possession cases that they're going to rule on. And of course once they do that's going to have a big deal implications big time. What's going to happen? What's going to happen is some are prepared they're going to decriminalize with or without John Walters and all the threats from South of the border. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. I guess nobody saw Danny Brasco. Right? Right. And no absolutely nobody saw record for dreams so the good part about that is we're turning you out of a movie that you're really enjoy. I mean again it is depressing but in an entertaining way. Right. Does that make sense? It's powerful. It really is. It's shocking. And if you live in South Florida this is a movie everybody should see. They should make all the condo commanders watch us. I'll set their a captive audience anyway on movie night and the old folk songs. They should force them to watch that. Thank you. You should force them to take a green pill. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Hey, Nick. How are you doing? Okay sir. Hey, real quick George Bush in this text cut plan. I think he could make a real good commercial use and build been a year needed. I've been a year. I've been all been saying it like for the last 10 years people have been having too much of their taxes taken. You know too much of the money thing away from me need a back so and that's why the economy is doing so bad but he doesn't like you've been doing too bad of last in years. Well maybe he'll tell us the tax cut is good for the economy in Vegas. Maybe. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Everybody go to Vegas or Atlantic City and plunger guts out with your tax view fund. Chris, I think we're getting over 8 million back like Bill Bennett. Bill says he's not going to gamble anymore and his wife says oh she ain't going to put up with it. Right. Right. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Plantation. Hello. Hey. Yes sir. How are you? Good. I got one of my philosophy is they have a smart we have smart bombs and dumps to play. Yeah. You're in Toronto now? Yes. We're vacation last year and they're going to school up in Oats. Yeah. I got a couple restaurants for you. They're kind of like, if you want to go there. But once on the Metro Pollock and Hotsale. Oh yeah. I've stayed at the Metro Pollock Hotel right. Excellent. I had the teaching duck. There was a candidate here. Okay. Okay. Your phones were cramping out but I'll try the Hotsale. Okay. I want to go into like a. Yeah. There are kind of back there. Nobody even talking about SARS. Are you any more evidence coming back? We had a big weekend here. The locals all came out and forced the downtown is packed with people. A shopping malls are packed. Everything is getting back to normal spread the word. Okay. In fact, you know who's going on Lennon next week to up who's from here of course. Mike Myers. Okay. Good. I don't know if he's bringing many me or not but he's going to be on Lennon. It's not everybody. The coast is there. Come on back and don't be so paranoid like those assholes at the QAM. I don't want to mention George Corsair on the Miguel by name. Do we? I'm going to find like to find out some of the other people we're in on that. I'm going to talk to me anymore. Really? Oh yeah. I can clear a haul out faster than I've got to breathe in. Well that's what goes too bad. Too bad you've got caught with your paranoia down on you assholes there. Okay. Oh you have to make sure that needle gets quarantine when it comes back because we know when I'm to bring SARS in the building. I got news for you. Man, there's disease in that building. They haven't even discovered yet. Disease they don't even have a name for yet and that joint. 27 past 10 at 5 60 W to come. I'm actually we don't have five people in this whole audience who saw that movie recommend for a dream and I'm sitting you can all whip up and expecting conversation about it. And not going to happen. The five people that saw it will call. No they won't. We had one. Well that's one. Full motive. No I know I have two. I take that back. We had two. We got it's working on it right now. You know, Mother's Day is this Sunday and this year's surprise you with a gift of relaxation from the Innerry Treats spine wellness studio where she'll enjoy a true spy experience. The Innerry Treats spine wellness studio is offering a great mother's day package for just $99. Mom's journey will begin at the arrival where professional licensed staff members will greet her with soft music, candlelight and hot tea. Should we see we're relaxing we vitalizing facial followed by a massage, designed to relieve all stress and her neck back in shoulders, offered us 99 bucks. The Innerry Treats spine wellness studios located at 726 Riverside Rav and Crossbrings next to the Outpack steakhouse called 9504-34162-20 for more information. mentioned WDQM in the first 25 people would get free a Ruma therapy candle or organic specialty soap and a soap pouch with their mother's day package. Their located in Crossbrings 726 Riverside Rav right next to the Outpack steakhouse. So column at 9504-34162-20. This you do something different from mom with a true spy experience at the Innerry Treats spine wellness studio that's 954-34162-20. 26. Innerry 22. Kaffee 18. 18 people hooked on camp-ean. Nick at teen 16 like beiner boy there hooked on him. Fagots. I don't have any addiction 13 lion bastards said that I don't have any right we believe him. Alcohol 11 and I was a late edition we apologize for that we forgot our booze it's early in a morning we started up you know the amazing thing to me and just looking in I guess all over Europe but in Germany and in Holland they start drinking beer like a 910 in a morning. Yeah the quarter cereal I heard. No I'm serious they they I'm serious they sit out there there. Kaffee 10 o'clock in the morning drinking those you know they got the big uh signs of beer right what the on the zanolaba. There drugs I guess that's a good way to put it. Media A.W. O'L. and noting the irony of Bush's flight here's something you just asked me from the Chicago Tribune. Now that other thing critical of our president is it oh my god so much for that myth they circle the stores that's become conventional wisdom in many circles. During the presidential campaign of 2000 it started going around the Texas Governor George W. Bush the leading Republican candidate then had significant gaps in his military record specifically that Bush failed to report for duty for an entire year toward the end of his hitch with the next Texas uh air national guard. The short version in May of 1968 the silver spoon son of U.S. congressman jumped to the top of a long waiting list the spite mediocre scores on his pilot attitude test and was allowed to win list in the guard a common way to avoid being drafted into combat in Vietnam. In May of 1972 he saw transfer from Houston where he flew F-12 on weekends to a unit in Montgomery Alabama there he worked on the U.S. Senate campaign of a friend and of his fathers and records indicate blue office military obligations. Bush failed to make his rather take his annual flight physical in 72 so guard officials grounded in the story went he never flew again and received an early discharge to go to graduate school. His final office efficiency report from May of 73 noted only that supervisors hadn't seen him or heard from him. Bush's campaign biography obscured a misrepresentative of these details in the summer and fall of 2000 spokesman offered various any-volving explanations for what Democrats had represented a far bigger character issue than any of the windy exaggerations of their candidate by prison allegor and there's a second page of the smithing but I don't want to read the whole thing anyway. David I just packed it. You just did? Yeah. Well, like I said, I'll get to it. Here's a long facts from Claudia. It says sorry so long. We couldn't get you the on the phones. I've not seen Requiem for a dream but it's one of those movies I wanted to see. Thanks for mind to be you got to get a Claudia believe it. Get it today. Trust me. Requiem for a dream with Ellen Burston and Jennifer Conley and Marlon Wans and a very interesting looking Jared Lido. And he was good. Good actor. So can you believe they're remaking the movie The Inlaws, The Alan Arkham Peter Falcomedy with Al Brooks and Michael Douglas? Is there not a Shreya Shredder? See this is the thing that bugs me. They keep remaking movies like Psycho that don't need to be remade. Right? So who wants to see Michael Douglas if I want to see the Crippet old man I'll go to a cross-prings post office? How about the movie starring Good Look and Men like Velthico del Toro? Vinny Seeo. Well it's spelled wrong of course. Phil TCO I don't know who that is. Even the monkey on passions wouldn't go for Michael Douglas. I'm sure that. What's your name? begins with a P. Can't think of it. I just want to warn you about momentum. My boyfriend who's a guy guy like you and probably has fairly similar taste was so aggravated by that movie. He wanted a shoot to TV and he loves to TV. Of course it's not a straight plot line but it's more convoluted than pulp fiction. It's of that genre. I like it but just a warning don't have any distractions. What? Has nothing to do with anything like pulp fiction? Well that's what Claudia says. Sorry Claudia. A great movie I know George will roll a size was sexy beast never sign up. It has a great sound trick where ranges from Dean Martin to the stranglers. Though the sound quality through a lot of people often as a sublime script about the story of a retired clerk who retires to Spain to get fat and ten with ex porn wife who is where and he's recruited by an associate Ben Kingsley who's just the most evil person. In the end he comes to represent everything we hate about other people and in a cathartic scene he's confronted by his victims also the scene where they rob a safety deposit box underwater surreal the movie is metaphoric says Claudia. Thank you Claudia. It was a long into the point right I'll watch it sexy beast sexy beast and what's the other one we got to see? Pemento. Pemento now I'll be a TCO though or she didn't have a movie like Benicio. Well she's got B.E.L.T.I.C.C.O and I'll how'd I when you say that? Belt Hoseo. Benicio? But his name is Benicio Deltoro and you've seen him he's been in a million things. Like what? Did you not see traffic? Yeah. Oh it's fine funny you should mention that psychic powers again. Wow. No because I was thinking you know traffic was so valley-hood or it's great movie about drugs and I thought it's sucked. I thought that Michael Douglas should have been horse whipped in and movie I was ashamed of him and I movie ridiculous Benicio was the Mexican cop the good Mexican cop. Hey and anyway can I just finish sure. So here we finally get a great movie about drugs not just young people in drugs which of course we got 80 million movies about that but uh old people this is one of the first times that the cooking of old people of senior citizens on every kind of prescription drug and of course also on top of that not just old people but the diet doctors were riding Boston in early sixties. I lived on Cameroa with Avenue in those days they were well of course every place had a basement up north and there were basement apartments and so I lived in the basement apartment of Cameroa with Avenue upstairs on the main floor there were offices and one of was a doctor's office a diet doctor and he was one of the first the speed doctors and he had people coming I mean and I could see the people coming in because if I'm outside walking on the street you'd see the people and that's all he did he didn't say was no deep general practitioner and people who weighed like like beer boy there kept coming because they wanted their prescriptions for speed he had everybody hooked on guide to him speed the so called diet doctor and this crap has been going on for uh 50 years at least doctors hook in their patients and then of course look what happened to Ella she got a shock in the end she got a man wow it's just so goddamn intense and it just keeps in your your head starts spinning and then you start seeing her look older and older and just more like close to death and it's uh wow the purple bags under eyes oh man I can't even put it towards the describe you that movie you must go out and get it today recommend for a dream okay it's not all that long like I said it's not even to our movies less than that but once you stand talk about having no distractions you listen there and you'll be glued to it you'll be succulent well don't get to that part 21 to 11 at five 60 WQM hey mother's day is just around the quarter just a few days off this Sunday in the superfect time to repay mom who spent so many sleep was nights wondering where Harry was was that his name in a movie Harry yeah dial my pres has the perfect mattress for your see here you will thought during a movie that she could use his help but he had his other issues you know right he was on the way to Florida down a mattress has the perfect mattress for your mom if your mattress is sagging lumpy you're just worn out then call that a mattress tool free at 1-800-MATT-RES that's the number for dollar mattress they got the complete line of see the sort of King Corlan Simmons for you to choose from you sure I'm mom sleep on something you wouldn't do if put your ass on so don't put this off any longer call right now nothing's got a bigger impact than the way you feel and mom the same way than a great night sleep call 1-800-MATT-RES I've done it Miguel has done it George has done it smart people do it including them too. Adam Actress is more repeater for all customers than anybody else because they know how to treat you right once you buy your mattress bottom mattress I guarantee how much of Carlos's life on it that you'll never go back to a showroom again that's freaky Carlos and don't forget when you buy your mattress bottom mattress they'll set up the new one and take way to craft your old bedding for free no extra charge that's correct Adam Actress sets up the new and takes away the soil nasty stained muddied old bedding for free so this mother's day had mommy sleeping like a baby on a brand new bed from dollar mattress gets your tickets available to an all-the-domination so call right now 1-800-MATT-RES for dollar mattress the easy these smart way to get you a great night sleep. We're sports radio 560-U.A.M. What's the notion in the basket coming up tonight? An inside of a high in the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story. If only he had been born into another time. A time when his last name didn't mean Feliccio. He was Murray head. Well before Murray was born we never got any stick about our surname. Murray had father. Will he? No, not a lick of trouble overhead. But unfortunately young Murray grew up in a more cynical age. When nowadays you can't today head without thinking of a giant pulsing nail member being inserted into somebody's mouth. It was really hard. I mean it sucked. I mean it was. Even when Murray had tries to explain himself it gets ugly. I mean the toll that head takes on. So it was only fitting that Murray had one big hit should contain the word G-B-B in the title. Hell it had bang in it too. I guess people could only accept me once I sang a song about the most decadent city in the world where you can get my last name on any street call enough a two bloody dollars. Murray head. About the only term we haven't used yet is good all oral sex. It's a big juicy shopping weddle like a show business. Tonight, an inside a mind. 1044-56-BWQAM. Apple reports brist business I told you yesterday you guys are poo-pooed and man because you hate Apple like poison. And Apple a day keeps the. I don't know. Keeps the free songs away. Apple reports brist sales of songs in first week of download service store sells more than a million tracks for max which can't access most file sharing networks. See this is what I didn't understand. If you don't have a mac and pause you can't get this service. The iTunes. Yeah. It says apples music stores available only to people with max running the list version of apples operating system. These users have downloaded more than a million copies of the iTunes software that lets them get in the music store and buy it like honest and pay for it as opposed to stealing it like a lot of people that I can mention that I want. It declined to say how many people downloaded songs have which were sold as singles have as part of a full album. If they won't say it of course not. It's a very sad other thing. Huh? Because it'll be a very silly love. Apple launched the much-anticipated music store in April 28 offering 200,000 songs from the five major record companies for 99 cents each full album self or the under 10 bucks. 10 bucks. Yeah. What's the big bargain with that? God. Songs from the music store can be recorded on the way virtually unlimited number of CDs and transferred automatically when unlimited number of portable devices provided the devices are apple iPods provided the they can take their apple and you know what they can do with it? Amen. Even with the stem still in it. Take your apple and stick it on. Mac I agree with you Mac and touch just to please me cold. Forils my blood. Curdals my brain. 567 we're getting tons of calls on this phenomenal movie maybe when I would say one of the best 10 ever made. I really believe that. No question. When you agree? Absolutely. Peter boy? No doubt. Riditing. He has so enthusiasm to go about it. He like the boy and kids. That's because nobody'll sell him any porn home movie so he's got to watch this crap. Because he looks about 12 years old. That's probably a good amount of luck. Huh? And he's still looking at the old series catalog at the boys. A lot of ones that look kind of like really boys. 567. 056. You won't maybe he in the bird had something common. Boy, you should wish me that the movie kids thing. Yeah. Let's take your call from West Palm Beach. Hello. West Palm. Is gone? West Palm Beach couldn't hold on. What are probably still trying to figure out their butterflies? Here's a call from higher Leah. Hello. Hi, Leah. What's this around here? Beiner boy? Don't know. My any hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I do not know. Well, I'm not know. I wasn't my name and I'm going for a modern era. Okay, good movie and the right direction. Oh, and I saw you. Listen, I didn't know if you're doing favorite movie movies. But you know what movie I like. I don't know if you like you're not. I like butterfly with a keyboard. What was it? butterfly. Oh, butterfly. You're broke up a little bit there. I didn't see that. Mickey works not one of my favorites. Well, I mean either, but you just see there. That old rundown version stayed on the way. It was out. It's just for those slicks anyway. And George said it was okay. And George says it's okay. Couldn't have been too bad. Potentica and George loved bully also. So what does that say? Okay. Thanks a lot, Palli. Mickey worked. Why didn't he arrest him for saying Mickey's my few mother. I said come over here. You suck around. Not you out. That's what I said. Well, those were the glory days that I was an IOD. Was never was that on the station. I was an IOD. That was a dance tour. Got us that tape. Those were the glorious day. Now, but he had his girlfriend calling in Mickey. Work. Don't you remember? I do. He had some slut. I mean, some girlfriend has called in on the show and could not better ship because we were taking his name in vain. Mickey worked. That he was good in that movie because he played a drunken alley boxer. So he was perfect enough to act to him right at all. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T lines. Your roast for the mad dog of one the Humper at three in the studio. Marlon's on Dreckens 6 3 did it try to break that 85 game losing streak. The Giants at the Marlon 7 0 5 8 a.k. after the baseball game and Joe and Mark back together again overnight. Joe back from his honeymoon. Is blade at honeymoon? Are they good? But you have to show a little bit? Because this last book. Oh, I mean, you're a good friend of yours. Why don't you just sit him down and try to explain to him. Hey, it's the Friday night thing. That's their story. They're sticking to it. Oh, you have to be joking me. Okay. Here's Delray Beach. Hello. How you doing? Okay. Good. Why don't you bring back the lightning round your boy? Yeah, okay. We're boring. Okay. Then find something on plan M. Alston. Okay. Like stick your foot up your ass. The other feels. Okay. Smuck. Why do we make the lightning round? Sound like one of those retards. 5 6 7 0 5 60 palm 5 60 on the AT&T. And Verizon. That's all I blind my boyfriend. Here's North by me. Be chill. Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. What do you know? What do you think? How's it going? Good. Okay. Recreem for a dream. Sorry. He did his long time ago. Awesome movie fantastic. Right. I called you like a year ago and told you about it. And it took you till now to figure it out. May I'm slow? I'm old and slow. Yeah, definitely one of Marlon Wayne's best. And Jared Lito. Did you know he's in a band? Yes. Okay. He, um, I'm a band of band George. 30 seconds to Mars. Yeah. 30 seconds to Mars. They were down here a few months ago. I'm, I met him in a, in a store down on the beach. And my friend was like, who can his autographs? But I, uh, I didn't do that. I just went up to him. I told him I thought that the movie was really great. And, uh, he really appreciated that. So you can make a little kiss on a cheek? No. My friend wanted to though. He was all over him. Yeah. But, um, no. Yeah. Excellent movie. Especially the whole, the whole sequence with the mother with the diet pills and her old, however, they got so crazy with her and everything else. For you know, I'm thinking what we ought to do is get like different color coded pills for the audience for the colors. I think that that may solve our problem. That would be good. And, uh, George, you know that that's the chicken and the movies from a labron, right? Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Anyway, um, put like your head man. You're just starting to excellent movie. Excellent movie. One glove. He's, he's turning on. Okay. Thanks, Palli. Yeah. See ya. Troy and Pembroke Pines says I'm a homeless voice, or if a homeless voice person crosses in front of me and I have a green light. Is it okay to hit them? Yes. Yes. We have our permission to try. Okay. Or if they happen to be up on the, uh, median there and you're making a left turn or if it happened to make a real sharp left turn and just not them. Don't, don't injure them too bad. But if you happen to like make a real sharp left or maybe you're making a you eat, right? Right. Or if you're like really, really old and hopped up and blinded by, you know, instead of driving through a post office, how about to a public service? Nah, that's true. You can't injure that many people. If you got like one or two homeless voice people on the street corner, it's a lot safer than driving right through the name post office. Which seems to be happening on a very regular basis in South Florida. But the whole thing with people hopped up on drugs that couldn't be with a senior citizen's good at, right? Not, oh, give me a break. The doctor is there. They got everybody hooked on drugs. A happy pills alone. In fact, you know, when they say South Florida is the drug capital of the world, they're not so much talking about illegal street drugs. But don't tell that to the government. Don't that tell that to John Walters and the DEA, they're too busy bust in people from medical marijuana out in a West Coast, stuff like that. Crap. Number one addiction food. And now this is interesting because haven't I said out, it's another one of the 80 billion topics I've talked about. Nobody wants to talk. Discussed with their two embarrassed. Haven't I always said that sugar is the most powerful drug on the face of the earth. Although I will say this, but the inside of my elbow looks a little better than Jared Lee. Oh, man. Don't see that in that. In fact, toward the end, there that thing got so nasty. I don't want to say he had like a little infection. You know, wow. Did you see the look at it in the doctor's face? Yeah, he pulled his sleeve and then he grabs all the little vials and works. Yeah. Yeah. He said, that's the vialist thing I've ever seen. What's your never one addiction? And I've done it food 57 refined carbohydrates. Not just sugar, but all of those things ice cream cookies candy pies cakes pastries, anything with sugar when anything that turns to sugar like pasta pizza all of these things food 57 648 year. Roger show 35 pot 33 internet 23 nicotine 22 caffeine 20 I don't have any additions 20 asshole. I mean 20 people said that 20 freaking liars alcohol's up to 19 heroine 11. Do you believe that? I this all have to take an e's calls today. I think yeah. I don't what it would explain a lot. TV 9 gambling 9 shopping 3 cocaine 3 prescription drugs week and we still can't get X disease spelled right. It's still got none. Probably because they know what that is. Out of 350 votes not one pair of person disorders is worked on X to C. I don't think it's just young postdo and X to C. I think it's like people in their 20s and 30s. Yeah and 40s and 50s. Here's a call from South Miami. Hello. Hey Neil, how are you doing? Good. I love the show, love the website agree with you about how we're seeing. But this is a call from somebody who has a different opinion from you and I wonder if you're going to let me go and then give it to you. Go ahead. You and Georgia completely wrong about this apple thing man. You've missed a vote. It's exactly for someone who's claimed to be a tech head. Well, I would say no. Hang on one second please. First of all, I'm not the one who says violent about it is George because I never had a Macintosh. That's number one. And number two, I don't I don't claim to be a tech expert like you know what. That's windows. Yeah. Yeah. Remember Clinton's justice department trying to shut down this monopoly. Remember what is out loose failing it's been ever since the Justice Department changed. You haven't heard a word about Microsoft right here in dead with the government. Anybody who wants true security on their system will put a OSX Apple operating system on their network. That's the only way. The first thing windows XP does is taught is your left. This guy's heard of the money is so incredible. But number lunch here we got the computer wizard on your Carlos. Not hearing about it making. So smart about computers, but you're going to do that. Lamart, Macintosh, Microsoft, like everybody else. Regardless of what's going on with the government, it doesn't make a difference on who has the better system unfortunately. All right. You could say whatever you want to put others in bed with whatever but the better system right now is being made by Microsoft's theory. You say XP is better than OSX. OSX is going for what's going for. Don't go through any way out of the box. And if you wanted to make any changes, if you wanted to do any programming on that, what do you do? You have to pay or the Macrib mission. You throw down code warrior. It's ten times more customizable by the individual user than Microsoft's order is. Absolutely not. Not now you're making stuff up but. So you've never heard of code warrior. No, this is the problem. The number one reason people use Microsoft fear and ignorant. iPod connect with those machines. It's what you don't know that the reason while you're using Microsoft. If you were to I have both machines side by side. Nobody who had the two machines side by side will ever say that the windows are better. But I'm side by side. No, we are exhumed the phone. Yeah, now Eric's on a phone once and when you want to use all this. Eric wants a piece of this too. Unfortunately, you guys are flat out wrong on this one. It's very you know, headed Walmart. How much is that can touch pay you? How much is that can touch pay you? What are you doing? I have both machines. Unlike you. I've got them side by side. I'm going to have to say two and once in the box was it doesn't work. I've got to get in. I'm outside my side. I use a boat. It's like driving a Lexus and then a Ferrari and saying the Lexus is better. The magnetus does work well as a footstool though. Is this one where you show the truth about your ghetto headedness? Well listen, what we're going to do is we're going to set up a dual between the two over the weekend and we'll sell tickets 50 bucks a piece hanging their pal. All right. Thanks. See how let them say a thing about them arguing. You computer nerds. It's always a sinner. We talked about this in a past. I mean, what does everybody get so whipped up to a frenzy about? It's not like you're arguing about like, uh, you know, which is the best flavor of rice cream. Something important. Right chocolate. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, we you want to pound you to last guy too. Because this is a guy doesn't like chocolate that he's arguing with Carlos. Don't like chocolate. What is our rest of my case? I don't know what I know about. I never had him a Mac and time. So what do I know? What I don't know why I've had a big Mac. I wasn't too crazy about that. I think I would up. It's good for people that don't know what they're doing. It's good for people that need something to use right at the box and have no idea about that. That would be good for me. No, you know, you know enough to not use a Mac. Oh, we had them at the WID for all our sound editing and everything. They were freaking nightmares for that guy that doesn't think that we actually used them. Okay, for graphics, they're great. If you're graphics designer, they used to be the San Pedro. That's how the world went. That's why the world was. 1057 at 560 W to QA. And mom's always been there for us. So this mother's day she deserved the softest gift for the hardest job. This year, Pamper, her, what they put jammer grant. She received the most luxurious pajamas along with free lavender bath tea. A gift card and a do not disturb sign all delivered in the keepsake hand box. The set of pajama grant gift shop online at pajamagram.com or call 1-800 gift PJs and a puppy choose the perfect pair. And everybody wants the perfect pair. They have brand she knows and loves like Nora and Nora, Krabpy and Evelyn and the Torrey made from premium fabrics like Egyptian cotton and fine silk, incisors to fit any mom. Plus, they've got gowns, robes, slippers and great spa products too. Send a pajama grant as creative way to thank her and it's delivered right to her door. She'll absolutely love it. It's a gift, you know she'll use. There's a sister company from Aunt Teddy Burst, you know you can trust the quality and you know you're going to get on time delivery too. So this mother's day send mom the softest gift for the hardest job. This visit pajamagram.com or call 1-800 give PJs that's pajamagram.com. And what? This is sports video 5-6. And what? You fudge back and I. I Microsoft founder Bill Gates. Today I'm here with some sad sad news. I only earned $65 trillion in the last fiscal quarter which is slightly lower than the projected 70 nanodillion dollars I was hoping for. So this means I'll have to put on hold several projects I was hoping to start like micro soft ice cream MS ABC and my plans to infiltrate the justice department. Plus I might not be able to buy the cringling for my wife on her birthday this year. Besides the roof on my 66 million dollar home is leaking a little. So that's why I'm asking you to contribute to me Bill Gates. Just send me your money and no one has to get her. Believe me, your money is very important to me and to everyone on this planet. Because if you send me enough money I'll show my gratitude by not blocking out the sun as previously planned. This is Bill Gates and I thank you for your kind generosity. Great upstanding our health. We all know we're low going. Hitting him like poison. That's why I don't understand you hate Bill Gates. I hate Bill Gates. He should be eaten. Yeah. Well agreed. He didn't invent any of the things that he's selling. They have nothing to do with him except he gets the money. I wish I wish uh Mac was better. I would love to tell Windows to go F themselves and give my money to somebody. Right. But unfortunately it is not to this point. They are not. They are still a good ways away. They suck? Yeah. You don't have to get so psychotic about it though. I thought we're going to have like a blood bath there but that's the way they have computer people are. I think that'd be a good pull. I think we have to Mars pull. No, seriously. I mean if it's right in because it's where the boats on the pull is online you know doing using something right. Even if it's not one that they own if they're doing at work or you know if there are time-stealing weasel as mad that mad dog calls him. What is that bite away? Time-stealing weasel. What is he talking about? I don't know. I mean what he's trying to talk about when he says that our guys at work who are just a dick and around the unaccomputer are supposed to be working kind of strange. Kind of bizarre. Well it's probably a sports thing. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Let's fight it out of baby. Windows against the big Mac. If I get a big Mac I throw it out the window myself. He called back. You want to talk to me out there. Why? It's like a religion with them. I've been laws that are Apple people and you can't for love or money. You're having. Oh, when if you grade the invasion of the Apple people it's like fundamentalist Christians. I'm putting that on my list. The Apple people. They're rotting to the core. I think Apple. This is a big Apple. This is a big Apple. This is a big Apple. I think that pop one of them green ones. Oh, you do a lot of good. Oh, the purple one. It's almost new and pop a purple one. Here's the call for my me Beach. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. How are you doing there? How are you doing? Great. I don't know you're not a sports guy. You know I'm a sport but nothing to do with sports. You know the guy that coaching a friend of the panel I just want to know what your opinion was on that. I don't because I don't know what I think about it. I don't care. I brought it up earlier and he said that he was doing it with strip cover something like that. And when we already talked about that but I don't know the details. I'm not just going to start you know, pontificating loud and even know the story. You know the story? No. Yeah exactly. We know that story because we don't see. Now that guy was a good guy. There was in the first hour and he called me and if I may have been the first call. And he was a good caller but the fact of the matter is he said, well, you're not really don't follow sports and that's not true. See, there is this points to a big thing. A big difference. All my life I've been a sports fan. I've got to visit in baseball games. I'm going to play your profile games. Zillions of hockey games. I used to broadcast college in high school basketball. So don't tell me I'm not a sports fan. There's a difference between a and an addition of which as you as things change. As things have gotten more mercenary, the big bucks and a whole chain and then the expansion and the watering data, what used to be really enjoyable events, you become at least for me less and less interested. So there's a difference between somebody who is a sports fan who enjoys watching, I guarantee any Sunday. I will I will bet all your lives on it that on a given Sunday when you got the NFL package. I'll watch more NFL football when you combine all the different games that I'll watch on the package than any of then all the people on our station put together. All these so-called sports experts. Because first of all, mad dog and Howard, they're doing a dolphin game, right? Every week. Hank, the ESPN sends him off to do one game every week. So he sees that one. He'll see the Monday night game on TV. Unless he's working it. And basically that's it. So how can you talk about all the other games when you haven't seen any of them? That's what goes on in this radio station. And you wonder why these people don't talk about hockey at all of them, Geldie? How many to om if you took all the people on QA and the so-called sports experts and put them together? How many hockey games you think they've seen in their lives? Right and that's exaggerating. I think I'm talking about games in their entirety. How can you talk about something that you know often about? There will be like me getting involved in that argument you guys just had about the apple and windows. What do all the wine all about it? I got my computer here. My cheap off-brand although it's fine. I would be nice to have some sound on it but we don't. And even if we did, I still couldn't run through the board because they didn't think about that. But that's okay. I'm not complaining my equipment here's a lot better than yours. We had thunderstorms here all night last night. Not one piece of equipment. See that that's something I don't understand. Every time there's like a birdflies over down there we come in and a morning. Oh this doesn't work and the computers are all screwed. Yeah, that's like everything is screwed up. Here we have thunderstorms and lightning and crap and rain pouring like crazy. I hate this place. Nothing works here. And I don't have any problem. Everything is working just fine in this studio. But what tell do I know? My computer works. I know, you know, over the last year. And see, I think that those people were too lazy. I don't want to mention a name. But I'm not sure if I think there are people on this station and outside of it who poo poo the internet who don't know anything about it because they've never taken the time to learn how to do a computer. It's not that difficult. If I can do it, although you know, I'm pretty good with like setting up stereo and TVs and satellite dishes because I've had a lot of experience doing it. I have no problem doing that stuff. But it doesn't rocket science and it's so enjoyable. All the things you can do on there once you get past the first frustrating part of figuring out what to hell how to do it. Right? Right. Did I make my point? I don't think so. You sound like the proud reading of a fact. We're getting hate facts from Apple users now. I know it. We struck the wrong nerve man. I think we'll take that poll tomorrow. Although it's pretty limited. You know, I mean, what are you going to ask? I guess maybe we can make with him phony up some different questions about, you know, we could just ask them what do you use or what do you prefer? You know, what do you prefer? Okay? What is the best? Not what do you use? What do you like? What would you rather get your hands on? And you know, in other points, have nothing to do with anything like, oh, Microsoft ripped off. What are they saying? Microsoft ripped off Apple concepts like, you know, like the the graphic interface, which is where you get to click on an icon and make it work. Yeah, that's true. But you know, in all fairness that I'm not taking sides, but in all fairness that would be like saying Ben and Jerry's ripped off Briders because they made ice cream. You know, Ben and Jerry, they ripped off the right man. Frozen water. Right. I mean, just because somebody else was came along first doesn't mean that what they offer you was the best correct. necessarily. Here's a call from Davey. Hello. You know, I have great news for you this morning. The Howard County Commission passed a resolution condemning the US Patriot Act, the US Patriot Act, too. And the world emergency health power that. Excellent. And so now, the VSO doesn't have to arrest people and keep them under detention without just cause and not telling anybody about it like variants. They're being interrogated. They don't have to, but they probably still will. Well, but the county is behind these people now. You know, and they're sending them that's just the both push administrations. Excellent. I can take, you know, we're not going to take their letting, you know, they're you surfing our rights. Thanks for those words. You know, you got to congratulate the the Brown County Commissioners. Brown County, you know, I'm not going to thank you. Thank you. Thank you. There's a little bit of good news for you, huh? Brown County, joining the growing list of counties and municipalities and the cities and places across the country saying, just say to Patriot Act parts one through a hundred. Okay. So, okay. You know, forget about Patriot Act. Just say no to fascism. Stop using 911 as an excuse to take away people's liberties. We predicted back then and it's grown way beyond our wildest fears. Isn't it appropriate there? Oh, here's the story. Backtell tied to Bin Laden. That's a good one. Who's saying Sunfoot obedient dollars out just before the war bank aid say we'll get to that. Secret Joe McCarthy hearings open after 50 years. This is the one I want to get to in a minute, minute or two and a moment or two. They say, Momento. See, I have great reputation. I was so enthusiastic. I slept out to two different stores yesterday to make sure I couldn't fill my full list out. Get all these movies, which I did. I got everyone I wanted. And now, I mean, police suck. I don't care what you say. Bullies was really it was it was awful. It was awful. I mean, you know, you're building up with a sound of teenagers having a lot of sex and Yeah, but the first of all the the story was pointless. They're going to kill one kid because he picked on his friends since he would ever little kids. Okay. So the whole bucket of these people to say, okay, we'll kill him. It was just depressing. It'd be pressing without any entertainment. At least, where we were going for a dream was it kept you riveted. It was so well committed. It was so well acted. Believe it looks like a home movie by comparison. I mean, you think that Larry Clark who seems to be this chicken queen to me is what he seems like. And again, you know, I apologize, Larry, if I'm wrong, but that's what you seem like to me. At least get some good taste, okay? At least find some young people to put in there who look at accepted two chicks, which I agree with either. We're two, but two out of ten ain't all that good. You know, it's 20%. All right. And if you can tell me some other reason why you like the movie, I'd love to hear what I wanted a long time ago. I thought, you know, it was a true story. I thought it was gritty. There's a lot of things that are a true story that doesn't mean that it's a well-made movie about it. Yeah. Right? Right. There've been a lot of warm movies and the wars were all true stories. Did that all the warm movies were good? No. No. Although I did like a born on the 4th of July. In fact, when I saw that, we had nothing. I feel better because I remember after you got me to see that. Mm-hmm. In fact, George gave me the CD and I brought it up here and I watched it. And it was also very depressing, but nevertheless it was a well- It was good. And nobody talked about that either. So I'm not going to feel bad about, um, uh, Donnie Brasco. Because this, I don't know what other watch and maybe just all porn movies, which is fine. But once in a while, like maybe one out of maybe ten would be good. One out of every. But third man. Well, I don't have the to them. I, you know, I've only got the two machines. I don't have the luxury of having at my thing like you to win. When they refresh, when they refurbished my, uh, D, my hard drive. Refurbished my hard one. I, and of course it will be an apple. Oh. An apple a day keeps the repair as a way. That's what that guy said. And you guys just said, ah, see, I don't, I don't listen to any of it. Because I've heard Eric and Carlos getting into a back and forth and all. Everybody who's a computer with every one of them, you can't, you can't get the me to agree on anything. You even want to do the week. It's, well, then it should make you caven't to see Eric and Carlos bonding over this issue. Oh, thank God. Yeah. Eric. I'm also pleased and Apple a day tells the whole world. You're gay. Well, they are very colorful machines, though. Aren't they? Pink. They do come in pink. So if you have a pink computer, please call it right away. Call it whatever you want. 12 minutes after 11 at 5, 60, WDQM happy Tuesday, to you. If you're in a dead end job, if you're pretty unhappy and speaking of computers, you want to be in a great new high-pain computer job like Beiner Boy. Here's the answer for it. Get the training. Where do you do it? You do it at fast train. Call them toll free. They'll give you all the information. They'll explain it to you. And right on the right off the bat and just for sure, months you can have the train to get yourself in a great high-pain job. Call 1-866 fast train and don't forget, fast train offers convenient day-eating weekend classes. You can get more information about the services they offer you on their website fasttrained.com. And they got locations all over town. So if you're worried about fitting it in your schedule, no problem because there's about a new one close by you. You won't have to do a lot of sloughing. They have locations in Miami, Kendall, Pembroke, Pies, and Fort Lauderdale. So like I said, there's about a new one convenient for where you live. So get out of your dead end job once and for all and get yourself the training for a new real high-pain career in a big fat impressive paycheck. And don't forget to register at fasttrained.com to receive your free American flag bumper sticker too. Pick it up and wave it in a year and the bumper sticker too. Call fasttrained a day, toll free, 1-866 fast train and be sure and tell them that old Todd Dreck told you to call. My life and love this is Fort Lauderdale by 62. This way and way and way and... Fiat! No! How gazillionaire Bill Gates spends his spare time! You're so easy to do. It'sillionaire gazillionaire Bill Gates, worth over 52 billion and let's just the money I've counted. However, I do like my downtime. As a matter of fact, currently I met the Home Depot in East Straussburg, Pennsylvania. Let me get one of these orange vested kids off. Show you how I have fun. So, excuse me, do you work here? Yeah, how much do you make an hour? $5! Well, what would you say if I gave you $5,000? Yeah, man, what's your wall? I'm Bill Gates, you know. Yeah. Here's all you have to do. Yeah. I love all four of you to seek with this chainsaw. What's your dog mom, Mr. Gates? All right, I give you $10,000. You can call me Stumpy. Ah! Funny little man. 11 17 at 560WC, I'm so anyway, Lin Emael's man says that the apple people are, it's like a religion to them. They're fanatic. And that what I just said? You know, there's many apple people and they're all like fanatics. They're obsessed. You can't have a conversation with them about it. They're neurotic about it. I don't understand it. They're right. We're wrong. That's all there is to it. Okay, George Semento, they said you're right and he's wrong. That way you can see it. That way you can see it. That way you can see it. That way you can see it. That way you can see it. That way you can see it. This is, oh, this is pathetic. Oh, my God. I'm, listen, I'm going to tell you something. You people that think I'm exaggerating. I've been trying to warn you for years. It was coming. You could smell it. You could smell the goose stepping in the ear. You could smell the burning rubber. Colorado Springs, Colorado Country Station KKCS has suspended two just this job. He's proclaim the Dixie chicks violating a ban imposed after the criticized president bush. He pulled their music two months ago and it's been a difficult decision because how can you ignore the hottest group in country music, Station Manager Jerry Grant said. He said there's been discussion about whether to reinstate the music for the DJs they've more and Jeff Singer became impatient. They made it very clear that they support wholeheartedly the president of the U.S., they support wholeheartedly the troops to military, but they also support the right of free speech Grant said. The station is received a couple hundred calls and seventy-focusing favor playing the music. You ready for that? Yeah. Grant and said more and singer will be out for a couple of days. There's suspended for a couple of suspended a sentence. I gave them an alternative stop it now. There'll be on suspension that can continue playing them. When it comes out of the studio, they won't have a job. How do you like that? The station plans to play the group's music again eventually. Most stations are starting to play them again. Any song here or song there. I just have a problem with the way this was done. He said, El Manigirio, we would have them put in a clutch of crap. In other words, once we feel the heat is off, we'll go back and play it again. What a cowardly, polished, madman. What do you can smell it? They're all the way from Colorado Springs all the way across the border right and smell it here. It's just God. Smells like elephant crap. Okay, oh here is a real hysterical facts. Windows is what people have been forced to use because of superior marketing. Only since about Windows 2000 professional is Windows been reasonably stable over a month. I think that time and it's got XP, but they're all based on antique technology. I don't have time to be dolly's loaters and numbers. I don't. We'll be on before a clock. OCX is based on Unix. Unix, A, us. That has been used for over 20 years. What is A, us? And OS? This is not in language that I speak about. Sorry, don't speak computer language. This is apples I'd like with expensive machines and does have a bit to go, but they're now using Unix, which is great thing. I think we, I think that the Apple fanatics are Unix. Huh? No, seriously, I think that's the problem. Don't cut. I, it's, it's got to be, to be this obsessive about something like that. In fact, the last Apple guy that I, you know what you said? I don't have a penis. I've never had one. I swear. Yeah. Sorry, rest of the space. Does that understand anybody? Okay, it's just silly crap. It's just, to get so whipped up into a frenzy about what kind of computer you're going to buy, okay? Just go buy one. The Dow. Here's Homestead. Hello. Hey, the morning meal. Yes, sir. Hey, what about playlenuts? They're pre-requisite to the dream. Yeah, that's true. Hey, also. Oh, and right away, the window is as good as how that Eric spelled X to C right? It got a vote finally. Now that they know what a meant. Go ahead. The spirit of gates come out, too. It sounded a little bit like Reverend Jones to make sure that. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. We're asking, we got 397 votes, not too shabby, even Carlisves impressed. What's your number one addiction? Food 74, sex 58, pot 42. The New Yorker Show 38. Alcohol 31. I don't have any addiction 31 year liars. I don't believe that for men. Do you believe it? Nope. 30. caffeine 27. nicotine 24. TV 12. Hero 1-11. I don't believe that either. Gambling 10. Shopping for prescription drugs only for, I don't believe that for a minute. cocaine 3x to C1. Of course, the thing with prescription drugs is the people in our hooked on him. Most of them don't realize it. Right. Like poor Ellen Burston. She was Burston. That's why she had lose that way. She was Burston at the scenes with that red dress. And then the amazing part about that. One of the so many amazing things is every time she turned on the TV, it was only to want it. Maybe that was a 24 hour show. And it was never went on. The game show channel. That guy looked like more downy. You know what? I'll be more downy than before they made the movie. But I looked a lot like him. And they were doing a lot. I was waiting for the juicy man to come on her because everybody was juiced up on that thing. They were juiced in this and juiced net. They were all doing the juice. I was waiting for the juice to come on and let kill somebody. 560 pound. 660. We sure got along away from wrecking for a dream all the way over to Apple and Windows. Bill Gates against the. Is it Steve Jobs? Is he still with Apple? I don't think so. Is he gone? I guess I thought they're all gone. I thought they all cashed out. I see. Here's Miramar. Hello. Yes sir. Hey, how's it going man? Great. Hey, when you're talking about the predictions there, right. You probably check up a few on that list, bro. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Hey These guys are I get about Well, yeah, bro Bill Gates brought me the Magotush and windows yeah, yeah, I think I think it'll get something Actually, oh it's a big piece of apple computer. Does he? He was a big piece, huh? Yeah Yeah Come on, bro, don't get it together. Yeah, I'm going to be Letting that blow it out. I can I can spell it all way up here. I'll slink and he'd be He could probably be in a couple of hours if he didn't know how strong the stuff was up here Hey, listen, have a good one for us, pal. I don't use the hero little kid. Yeah, he's rapid it in the hero. Wow. That was pretty excited At least we got somebody happy down here That's another reason why if you're in South Florida you gotta be stoned out of your mind as much as possible because it's such a depressing guy They in place okay, but he's oblivious and for If I George wanted me to hang put him on hold so he can get the number. Okay, fine, that where he's getting the good crap Look at that 68 degrees and sunny here today. Oh, it's gonna be like paradise. It's gonna be paradise And spotty the F in New York times, okay? Joe Senator Joe McCarthy hearings open after 50 years. This is from the Washington Post 50 years after Senator Joe McCarthy's scorched earth investigation into supposed communist infiltration of America's most sensitive Institutions secret transcripts released on Monday at another layer of attorneys his place in history And by the way, Joe McCarthy if you're listening in that big graveyard in the sky The 5,000 pages from his clothes during showing show no smoking guns no one covered spies no verification of conspiracy theories I'm which he build his political career McCarthy had shop-born goods and fishing expeditions said Don Richie These Senate associate historian who began pouring over the transcripts in 1976 He said the files won't provide fodder for where any revisionist arguing McCarthy was right No one McCarthy summoned went to jail even a few who were convicted of content one on appeal But his probes ruined lives and careers will improve a hint of communist taint The documents were released in a joint venture authorized by senators Carl Evan of Michigan and Susan Collins of Maine Then respectively the top Democrat Republican on the Senate permanent committee investigations McCarthy's platform McCarthy flourished during cold-waring anxieties with some parallels to today's fear of terrorism Levants said the hearings were a reminder of tactics that can be used to quiet the centers and the need to resist those who try to steal voices of disagreement High-score on Carl you go boy Because the McCarthy era is back big time Joe McCarthy lives and he lives right there in Washington, D.C He lives in Peanack and he lives in the American Enterprise Institute. He lives in a heritage foundation He lives in all these right wing them think tank Nazi organization is what he lives in And it's up to you you need to be oblivious and stay stone out of your mind like this last guy who's a happy camper or you can like maybe do something about like registered vote next time And I put up with this crap no mole Which more and more people on talk it or saying that no mole Let's just go with no labor. He just can't let I know it's kind of boring these days, you know Well, let's do some yeah, let's let's now we don't have to do something Let's wait for him to do something you're like wake up get out of his letter G. Maybe this last guy can get him some good crap Maybe we can stuff it in his bag 1127 at 5.60. Don't but you Q a m you know Mother's days come up this Sunday the folks have Vermont teddy bear have been busy hand making some great new bears for you and for your mom Your mom your wife your grandma deserves something extra special this year show them how much you appreciate them by sending an authentic Vermont teddy bear Should receive a beautiful bear personalized just for her and delivered with a free card and gourmet candy and a colorful gift box They've got great bears waiting for you like the spa mob bear My most biggest fan bear or the new queen for a day bear believe me. I can tell you there's doesn't like being a queen for a day That's it's your job to get a grip from the kids from the kids and the other income set is a perfect idea It has many comes as you want with their names embroidered right on the little outfits It's a lot more creative and cute and thoughtful and flowers and I like the flowers which sign just a matter of hours This gift will last a lifetime so call 1 800 829 bear and a friendly bear council will help you tell her a bear just for her So she'll know you put some real thought in your gift this year you won't believe the incredible the amazing We actually are gonna get ordering is quick and easy to just one easy phone call 1 800 829 bear or you can shop online on your apple on your or whatever And Vermont teddy bear dot com this year. Thank mom for all she does with a Vermont teddy bear call 1 800 829 B-E-A-R Local But he have a heart or a liver Not no believe what just happened there sure well That is the most amazing thing that I've ever seen on a CD deck now. I'm not sure it's gonna play when I hit it and probably cuz it's an apple The Zeppel makes CD player Are you ready to run cuz here we go you don't play your music. I won't call police singing something that not us all The Can't let durch. Just I love the 31 at 560 now the amazing thing is that the person who sent this facts but the fact that you forwarded to me Yeah, it says in big letters that guy was wasted. No I don't believe it Why don't we track something I said about we got X to C spelled right on our website I just looked at it again. There's only one C and X to C or I kind of want to pick on you Fatso, but there's only one C. It's a S Y. Okay, not a C Y. He's obsessed with the C Maybe you're teaching me a lingo And also we'd never put porno one there. Didn't we agree to put porno one there? Somebody suggested that that was a good idea not on your polis a little uh, you know Our polis lame It's drooping X to C's got two votes there, and I bet if we spelled it right I might actually have a couple more 436 votes Most people are addicted to food number one and sex number two and pot number three and this show number four That's it big-arty says I'm not an apple person. I prefer bananas Windows XP is fantastic. He says Also, it may dog always used to call me corporate time-stealing weasel when I fax him for work But now I've lost his fax while still time for my company with you. There you go. Thank you big running 560560. Oh, not another one of these. I can't believe it You're so called computer with beiner boy. He's shown his two colors. He's a hundred percent wrong about the XPOS The best operating system in the world is Unix. I told you there are a bunch of Unix All the most important institutions military government hospitals use Unix when reliability is critical Linux and Mac OS X Use VSD which is based on Unix so they're inherently better than XP is there anybody in a world who understands Hey, this is a maybe yeah raw line is great when they start developing line explore and actually get some minus is he still got a security blanket It's good. My message is a Unic Just because something's based on something doesn't make a good you could use this reading the facts don't argue with me about Rochets is the only reason I squeeze better is that there's so many more apps written for Windows than the others because it's the Napoli Windows 2000 was the best evolution of the Windows OS XP is just a bloated mess that requires dull the memory and hard drive space because it's fine on everything you do It says I'm not an apple user haven't had one since 95. I'm just telling you the facts I don't know where they were teaching beiner boy and that's so called schooly went to but I have a clue who said he went to school All right, kind of for school. You went to what? I can't go to no school. He's still a computer off the back of a pickup truck So that's why I have all comp t is sort of again. Oh, it just goes on all I can say is like everything in life You shouldn't criticize what you don't know in this case the beiner showing his ignorance ps Beiner's voice makes George sound like Don Parto. Tell me the shut his little past the best Alito hole What's up past Alito? Shut your past Alito hole a little pastry past Alito? I see See It's such a past Alito hole your little Peter well he doesn't talk that much. He just talks once it's a great while to make George sound more much Oh, I guess the guys on to our act takes five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty Let's argue about computers okay, and I'll just sit back in that pick a nap because God, it's so boring It really is it is I can't think of many things in a world because it's just it's the fanatical people most of us who have computers Yeah, I'll give you another example. It's like cars You like what you like I like Corvets. I drive Corvets. Okay, I can afford them. I drive them. I enjoy them. Not everybody likes Corvets But for me to sit here and try to talk you into it If you like a crappy little Mustang you can you know, probably a four to crappy little Mustang Grab whatever a five oh like you were doing that was in the movie you were having me watch that awful bully Who was it that had the five oh I don't it's a long time ago when I saw it Oh Now why did you Thanks I can't say that on the year. That's why sin if you Yeah, of course just don't we can't talk about oneself Let's see here's the fact is I saw momentum and if it wasn't for the fact that I rented the VB instead of buying it I'm using it as a coaster Oh great I don't care what Faggotor and says but after about 30 minutes you'll also want to lose your short-term memory Oh, I thought I could don't didn't recommend it if I could don't never side it was a venerable I think yeah Said well you know something I learned my lesson and if I put more of these on I certainly have plenty of juice from now If I put one of mine it looks like it's gonna suck. I'll go into the next one I I'm a dream I made the bad bad bad mistake. Oh, I'll watch Ripley and for Dream again That's how good it was I'm watching it again today. That's how much I enjoyed it Just to see some of the things I've been missing Here's a call for Miami. Hello Hello Neo yes, sir. Hey. I haven't been able to get through to you, but I want to let you know that I saw Recome for a dream in your hamster a couple of years ago Yeah, and everybody that I know that scene that movie loves it is an amazing movie. It gets better every time you see it And like just the music if you ever hear the soundtrack or anything like on a CD Thank you bring you right back to where the movie was like the whole feeling and everything and also I want to let you know this movie that comes with it if you buy the two pack on the right You stop playing the music You pack it comes with a movie called pie Yeah, and that that's also like a crazy movie like that was Darren Ironoski's first movie Yes, it's a crazy movie. Thanks similar to my photography is a great movie And you know, I just want to let you know that everyone who hasn't seen Recome for a dream needs to get back Amen. Well, sir, Halley Thanks No, I want to see pie. I'm gonna go out and get pie's to a mother hovered one Oh You know, I kept asking this this morning. I've looked and look. I can't find the story about the brawl they had an LA adenis last night I saw on the news and man They were just going to an apesman and there. They were thrown like chairs and tables and glasses and plates and it was incredible I haven't seen any footage of it flipping around Ed Lenny. I mean Denny's and I served I scoured the internet every day. Even the LA time is more I couldn't find nothing on it Maybe they just made it up 567.0560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line Here's the call from West Palm Beach, hello Hey Neil. Yes, sir. Let me grab my left man. I got so many things. I want to tell you Hey, you know what I saw Reckwheel and I definitely want to my favorite movies all time And also I wanted to suggest happiness as have you seen that or George? Never heard of it. Nope It's a director by the name of Todd so long that the lead and it's actually about a child molester too a pet a file There's about four or five different stories running through the the flake and it is just a very very very disturbing But I definitely I would I don't know if I would buy it, but it's definitely one of those weird flakes that Didn't get a lot of play but it's just incredibly disturbing just like I wrecked them Okay, and then the other two things that for you Did you read the ice mess the iceman comments by a Marine dial the other day? Yes, we had it on the website Okay, well, I was very good and also did you see the story where Rummy's company actually help build the nuclear reactors in North Korea? Yes, we also had that on there, too. Okay, we're on it, man I'm telling you man, just a incredible the hypocrisy man of our time and the public is look a little like that You know they're busy watching the crap and I don't know what well and that story Rummy in all the Republicans were screaming I watch the heat insane, but they were all screaming Bloody murder when Clinton was letting those reactors go up and of course They didn't know the rummy was like the director of the board of the company that I got $2 billion for doing it Just another one of those coincidences, I guess right? It is just this all right, so hey, thanks a lot. Have a great day Yeah, we read that story yesterday. I do believe tonight. Yeah, positive Bec tell Ty to been laden's This is from CNN and not some ultra liberal website. This is from CNN They used to be like a news network once upon a time, but nevertheless it says From the CNN money website the bush administration lost the war on terror because of the alleged facts of the alleged active O sum of bin Laden Ironically one of the companies in administration is picked to rebuild Iraq after the latest phase of that war has ties to been laden's family according to a published report That tell corporation that private construction for based in San Francisco recently was awarded a state department contract Potentially worth more than $600 million to help rebuild Iraq's infrastructure after the recent US led war there The Bush administration pushed for that war because it said the regime was solemn Former leader of Iraq had ties to the al-Qaeda terror network headed by bin Laden the group allegedly responsible for 911 According to an article in the May 5 issue of New York or magazine Several bin Laden family members part of a large Saudi Arabian family that made a fortune in a construction business Invested about $10 million in a private equity fund operated by former subsidiary of betel before 911 You following that They invested about $10 million in a private equity fund operated by a former subsidiary of betel before 911 not that they knew something Free Monk group of San Francisco based private investment for once was a unit of betel and its boards still includes Betel CEO Riley P Riley P betel and former US Secretary of State and former rectal president George P Shultz along with several current betel directors betel could not be reached for comment Freemont spokeswoman Pat Harden confirmed bin Laden's family had invested $10 million in a free month fund But she said the family had no ownership stake in free month and his investment was wait made well before the events of September the 11 not the new something was coming And isn't amazing how we allowed them to wish them back off and get them out of the country back to Saudi Arabia for their safety Right after 911 they have been lawed in family mighty white of this the Bush hero Peer the Bush families close personal friends and business associates 1141 at 560 WQM has some great deals for you from our friends at Halid Padi AGMC They're practically it's not Christmas yet. It's a long ways off, but it might just as well be Tom Linden and Joe Prado have got three great Neil deals the likes of which is seldom a for a Neil to the deal number one Get yourself zero percent financing for 60 months on every Padi Acro GMC in stock Neil the number two get up to a $4,000 rebate on every new GMC in Padi Acro stock Let me say it again get up to a $4,000 rebate on every new car truck in stock at Halid Padi Acro right now and Neil the number three If you're currently a GMC smart la GM smart lesures smart by customer and rubbish heavy blazer old robot or GMC Jimmy Buy or lease a new Padi Acro GMC get an extra $1,000 off the price Why do it? How that one I take a couple minutes and test drive the all new spiffy and powerful Padi Acro and pre 2 Halid Padi AGMC they are unbeatable as for a service election and as far as price You'll find it about 134 a one-sat Tixie highway that's US one right across from the falls open every day seven days a week For more information on these great deals call the Neil the heli hotline tool free one triple eight five three four forty two eleven be sure and tell that Bob Eisenberg told you to call One triple eight five three four forty two eleven don't forget all Neil deals Submit to credit approval see dealer for details Hammard Padi AGMC make no mistake a booted They are professional grade The table and rate me congratulations. Get a ride for the finest and online casino gailin call 1 800 Call bits remember him I'm a reen it did it in jundered it for the fence I'm still spri I listen up to boy remember that bomb I drop them to mouthy she's toyed by glis over there But I ain't through with them yet see it just so happens I got another phone that drop Like this no not that kind of on your moron This was a one figure number four okay What is he led you new King to rages does a show up in tinder dear Yeah, but what you don't always Jin here it flies as loving that figure the tone of their every weekend Yeah Hot gays Another thing don't believe what you're hearing here them talk in graveny jealousy bags for years now Boy that's some fun. I ain't throw yet stupid I paid a great deal money to a fellow staff mama who loves it in my his name the leave ginger Spide Open last weekend You see what you're about to hear is that fights more computer rages and that train monkey Faggotten on dance and I got it in a romantic in race Go Makeuno No, you've got a 42 This's ok, they sure have sweet at each other that day Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh I'm not gonna say 7 at 5 60, WQ, I'm so I'm looking on my email here, the George Ocemi, where'd how'd you get this? Oh, it was right there on the Yahoo thing when I was looking at his bio earlier, we're talking about Gerard Lito who was in Requiem for a dream, and uh, that was one of the pictures that was there, and I thought that you might like to see him all cleaned up and now, oh man, I thought you were sending another entry for our hot couples kind of this, because I think he's probably got a hot couple, we have Newerns, Carlos says, we do have Newerns, we have Newerns, we have Newerns, we have Newerns, we have Newerns, we have Newerns, we have Newerns, we have Newerns, we have Newerns, we have Newerns, we have Newerns, we have Newerns, we have Newerns, we Oh, they don't understand what's taking the audience, I guess maybe we're just not gonna have a lot of interest in that, I have no idea why, we certainly give it away crappy or less meaningful prizes in the past. 3-8-2-9, stay for 2 at the Royal Ocemi's Resort and Casino with Bahamas with Round Trip Air for our Laker Air, and RunRup gets dinner for 2 at the pizza lock. I don't have to do any couples out there, or one at a hot couple's contest, you got till May 15th, that's a week from Thursday. To email us Europe picture, just a photo, when I look at for naked pictures, although you know somebody in there probably is looking for naked pictures, just pictures, that's all. So we can see what you look like and then the audience can vote. Thursday made 20 seconds after we put the pictures up on a web for the audience to vote on for the hottest couple, and Thursday made 20 seconds couple of the most votes from the audience wins the contest, that's it. And we're gonna be doing this May June and July, 3 months consecutive, if we get some response on it, what do we got about 8? It's an entrance pretty lame. In fact, I'm putting Jared in there, I think. Oh, man, I told you I thought he looked pretty good. I mean, he was made up to look this shuffled and like kind of a stumble bum and a moustache. Because he was busy with drugs, selling and doing and buying and whatever. So he looked all CD. That picture there is from when he was on my so-called life, which is old now. So that's a young Jared leader there. Well, how long goes that? I don't know. Five years six. I'm not sure. That's okay. It's probably a player of Daines. Never saw you, pardon? Clear Daines was also in my so-called life, and I don't even remember him. Well, different strokes for different folks, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. I had a stroke. Five six, seven, five, six, the pound five, six, the on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. These are fine American, Jared, lead-o. Here's Hialia, hello. Hey, Neil, what's up? Yes, sir. Well, first off, I like to say, pie. That was a great movie. I thought I had some hippie math teacher show a sort of math class one day because she wanted us to be more cultured. It was a good movie, and also for all these people with the windows, computers and the apples, and the backing off of it doesn't really matter what computer has it. As long as you can get some porn over there. There you go. Simple as that. And it's like, click, real fan hang up, click. Of course, what's wrong with that? What's he, what in the way for an A, he'd maybe go back to see some RGF. Apparently. He was in Hialia. Uh-huh. That's what I'm citing in Hialia, so I guess they stay locked inside on their websites all day long. Squeezing it, rubbing it, yanking it, twisting it. They can figure it out of it. 560, 750, 50, pound, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line on the ORIGIS.com today. What's your number one addiction? Food 87. Sex 72. The ORIGIS Show 49, Todd 48. Alcohol 42. Kapping 33, internet 33. I don't have any 33 lines through their teeth. We don't believe anyone here. 33 liars. Nikotine 29. TV 19. Hero 14. Gambling Tim. Shopping 5. Cocaine 5. Prescription drugs still only 4. I don't think most of the people that hooked on a prescription drugs are the have computers. Right. Uh-huh. They're too busy making a drive through with the nearby post office. Prescription drugs for X-DC 2 and porno has 1. Just went on their form and E6 votes. Porne has 1. I'll come in less the EF-D. I mean, some people call it porne to me. That's like, I don't know. What you don't you call it porno? Okay. Sure. Porne. Porne's own. So state. So stiff if I can say that. Here's a call speaking of stiff porcane Lucy. Hello. And Neil. Yes sir. I'm moving that I saw that. That was pretty powerful. Not a lot of commercial success is moving called gattica. There was just been a had Ethan Hawking. Uma Thurma was called gattica. It's a futuristic world with all the people are genetically created. There's no. And the people that are born of natural ways are looked down on like third-class citizens. And the movie has some serious undertones of lots of personal freedom and stuff like that. Everywhere you go you have to give a sample of your blood so they can make sure that you You are who you really say you are. I mean it's a scary movie for a lot of reasons. What? How old is that movie? Maybe three years. It was not about the same time. I don't know. It was about two or three years ago gattica. It's a really powerful movie. And I also heard the ratings for Palm Beach yesterday if you wanted me to enlight you. Sure go ahead. On men 2554 you were the top rated talk show. Oh right. Up against three others that you pretty much blew away. You were forth rated overall but it didn't count the hour by hour so I'm not sure if the mad dog brought you up brought you down. But you were right on the trail. Pay all the other three shows. You can attend the three year right there in Palm Beach market. Excellent. I'm looking for a raise. All right. Thanks, pal. Check out the gattica. How are you spell that? G-A-T-I-T-A maybe? No, G-A-T-T-A-C-A. There you go. Don't pay attention. He just wants to correct everybody. He's a suit. Thanks a lot, pal. When you stop correcting all these listening may just be between the computer arguments and out of this board guys are good collar and he's given me to Palm Beach numbers. That's that right. That's G-A-T-T-I-C-A-S-H-O-L-E. Try to help him out. And I try to help him out. You're trying to like you're correcting. You're trying to be like a little, you know, know what all. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha. And I can't make you any more money. You're still going to get working for peanuts. You only got to ever work with that. You see a trailer shells in the hall on Padey after you had an out. Travellers shells and cigarette butts. So what is it, gattica? Gattica. Isn't that where he had Ethan Hawke is out there or even a hanky going. Gattica. Gattica. That's the one. Yeah. I like Ethan Hawke a lot. He's a good actor. It was fine. It was okay. It wasn't. You're like Ethan Hawke. We've already been to the Ethan Hawke thing. I don't know. I'm talking about the movie. This audience is so I've never seen seriously. Chris Southwater's got its many, many problems as we all know. That's why that one guy before was stoned out of his mind. We loved it. But not seriously. That's when we can survive because if you're like alert and awake and aware of what's going out around you, like when I blow your brains up. But it's just so many. Of course we're on the sports station. Keep that in mind. It's a macho thing. You know, like golf and all these other things. And I started the explanation before about the difference between being a sports fan and a sports fanatic. Somebody who's obsessed. I mean, when you're a kid, when you're a kid and you're growing up, when I was a little kid, I could tell you all the Yankees, the batting averages. I'm talking about every day. You stay up these charts. And I was going to get the box run on the paper in the morning. And I would like update the batting averages. I could tell you, hang powers batting average in Mickey, Madeline, Jean Woodling. I mean, that was important there was a kid. But when you reach a certain point in your life, hopefully you outgrow that, you know, you have other things going on in your life. Like, you know, something else. That's more important than that. A sexin and making a livelihood and finance and travel things like a real life. As opposed to ball games and this coach did this and this athlete did, who gives a flying F, okay? Who gives a flying crab? God, I'm not not going to call her that call before because he was making a point. That was good because it tied him with the repression, the stifling atmosphere in America today on the fascist who are running the country now, who've taken it over in a bloodless coup. But I mean, the sports nerds man, it's just, yeah, I'm a sports fan. Period. I can take it and leave it, you know? There are things that have become more important to me. Like trying to stay alive is a good one. There you'll get to that point. You're at one point. I mean, you'll get to that point. You're a team. You've got a lot more great here than I do. And beenerable. It's okay now, but once it gets in November, December, even in South Florida gets pretty chilly. On that overpass, on those cold winter nights, I can just see this kind of December. Spurs some change in the stir. He uses these as the light from his cigarette to keep him warm, not a bad idea. Four minutes till noon is 5.60 WQ. And here's a great idea with others they come up this coming Sunday. A perfect time to repay mom who spends so many sleepless nights wondering if you're ever going to show up again. If you're ever going to come back from those drug deals, that amount of mattresses got the perfect mattress for mom. If it's sagging lumpy or just worn out, call 1-800 mattress today. That's the number for that amount of mattress. And I've been using them for years myself and more and more people are starting to use it because they realize this is the smart way to get you a great night's sleep. They got the complete line of sort of celiac King coral and Simmons to choose from. And you sure know what mommy's sleeping on something that you wouldn't put your ass on either. So don't put it off any longer, especially with another day approaching just a few days away. Dalmatrism has been more repeatable for all customers than anybody in the world because they know how to treat your right. And once you buy a mattress from Dalmatrism, I'll bet you a fat boy's life on it. You'll never go back to a show or again. And don't forget when you buy a mattress from Dalmatrism, I said I have to do it in a takeaway, the crappy old vetting for free. This correct Dalmatrism sets up the new and takes away the smelly nasty, stained, soiled and mirror single vetting for free. So this mother's day had mommy sleeping like a baby on a new bed from Dalmatrism and don't forget gifts or tickets available all to Dalmatrism. Come today, 1-800-MATTR-ES, that's 1-800 mattress for Dalmatrism to smart the easy way to get you a great night's sleep for months and years to come. This is for 20-by-sick-weird. Where are it beaded? Well, it beaded well over the water or on WQA. Have you ever had to explain to your parents your offense? I have downloaded things and messed up made it against since all the time I've had my eyes on the books and behind. Sicken the mind, but I used to do that all of the time. Every morning, new and night I'd hit up on a site upon a five-for-birded set's-lake-o in my own right. There were places I found with lots of horny bedshakes, so my desk got those jigs, or 20 gigs. Until one day my mother discovered this real people, no love, a kick-le-riding, the behind told me my mind's in the gutter, and she told my dad about this stuff on my Dell. I don't feel the meat, be your loser and get let me in hell! I'm sorry, but I'm never thought that you could use all those naked girls and guys, so tonight I'm cleaning up my hard drive. Squared squared? One more time, I'm sorry, but I'm not. I'm never thought that you could use all those naked girls and guys, so tonight I'm cleaning up my hard drive. Come on, two, a five, sixty, double the QA, I'm happy Tuesday, two, our big noon to one hour, which is turning to what disaster lasts three, let's see, Thursday, yesterday, three days run, maybe we can make it four, what do you think? Okay, we're going for a dream, how many people did we talk to today? We'd seen it about three or four, right? That's about it. So maybe like I said, we're doing a pubic service, go out and rent it, buy it, grab it, steal it, and make your grandma and your kids watch it. Oh yeah, that's a bad chance. Grandma wouldn't watch it because it probably strike too close to home. See, most of the senior citizens in a place like South Florida, and a lot of other places where they have lots of old yentres like in Arizona. They'd be in denial, just like she was. Right, right. They're not hooked on drugs, they're just in an, of course, would a doctor do anything wrong? Of course. Well, that's the biggest scan that's going on in Florida, forget about all the other scams here is the medical professionals South Florida is number one, baby, with a bullet. All these people, you know, charge them for the office visit, you're walking at any doctor's office, there's like a hundred old yentres sitting around waiting. Most of them don't even need to be there. But they schlep them in there and they charge them 50 or 75 bucks against their insurance for another needless visit. And here's the prescription again, Sally. What tell was, what was her name in the movie? Sarah? Sarah? Very good. Goldfarb. Well, see, I have the advantage. I have an appointment here. And it's okay. I still don't know it, right? Sarah Goldfarb. It says, Requiem for a dream is a hypnotic tale for a four human beings each pursuing their vision of happiness. Even as everything begins to fall apart, they refuse to let go plummeting with their dreams that way nightmarish gutwishing freeball. That's exactly correct. And I think it's so ironic that when he finally his arm gave out from one injector, from one injection to many, one heroin injection to many, and he had to stop at that hospital. And six hundred miles, we'd love to make Carolinas, I guess. Yeah. And how ironic they were on their way to Miami. That would have been to where they found a good crap. Speaking of that, we only got two people said, X to C, we got to spell right now only two. We just don't have enough punks. Out of 521 votes. 567.0560. Apple or Windows. Well, I got one more plate for the window side. The beast called us, he loves Max. No, I think he called and said he loves to Mac. No, he said was he wanted a couple of big Macs, is what he said. Oh, for, he wanted a big Mac for a snack, and to tie them over to lunch lunches lunches time and dinners time. And then tomorrow morning maybe a couple of her few breakfasts. Why do you mention him? Why is he calling us? Why is he involved? Why does he keep injecting him back? Or he's not wanted. Go away, beast. Don't go away, fat. I mean, no, go away, man. Just go away. Here's a call from for a lot of deal. Hello. Nobody there. Oh, boy. I can see this new to one hour, man. I'm thinking of myself, you know, mode of 69, he has three hours. Right. I think of this schedule. Most 69 us nine to noon. Mad dog, noon to three, hang three to six. And then you got your baseball, the crow and stuff. And then you were a sports crab. All right. Perfect. Because this audience, I think three hours is enough as well. Honey. Let's try for a lot of deal on this line. See if there be anybody there. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you doing? Okay, sir. Hey, we got two license plates for you and one bumper sticker. First license plate, D-Mock, which I thought was pretty interesting. I imagine the board against let him go right by with don't get in his way. Next one was rub one off. And the fuck sticker can't nobody do you like Jesus? That's a good one. I love that. Can you believe that? Yeah, I do. I mean, was Jesus that good a late? That's a little bit. Very good. For the inner thing. I'm going to hear. I'm going to misspelled that out for him. Okay. Thanks a lot, Pally. Can't nobody do you like Jesus Christ? Wow. That's special. 560, 560, Pond 560 on the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. Peverpines, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, this is Tim from Pymid of Pines. Yes, Tim, how you doing? I just wanted to make a comment on what happened at Denys. Yeah. I haven't seen that since the last time I ate at Sadie's buffet. Oh, hey. I just thought to you. Okay. Nice to meet you. Okay. Excellent. Nice to meet you. Come again a few years when I'm in retirement in a rocking chair. 560, 560, Pond 560 on the AT&T. Pretty slim pickings on the full now, man. So, you have to make me go back to some bedtime stuff. There is here very slim pickings. Literally just amazed at the lack of response on these movies. I'm not talking movies anymore on this show. But what's the point? Look at the service you're doing. No, you're missing the point. You have to have some interaction. You have to have some input. And in fact, the input I'm getting most of it sucks anyway. Oh, yeah, you've got to watch kids in front of you. You can take Larry Clark in the dark and the stick of the park. Okay. I'm not into that. He's a chicken hawk or something. A chicken hawk movie making scumbag would bad taste. Not interested. God. Horrible. And then I got right here, filled by Larry Clark kids. And being a boy, he's told me how great this was. Not that he's changing his tune because I already saw bullying saw him. That sucked. So he's trying to like cover his ass. Because you know it's going to be bad. I didn't like it. Well, what are you talking about? Kids? You lie like a son of a bitch, man. Oh, it's a lot of hot young teenagers having sex in getting stone. 30 teenagers. What do you mean by that? 30. 30 teenagers. What do you mean by that? I don't respect. They don't bathe. Ah. If I have a clock in the club, it's thrown on the floor. I'm going to watch California with Brad Pitt and Julia Lewis myself. And David Duke. Oh, David Duke, come on. Isn't it? Yeah, but he's perfect in that role. Ah. Oh, my God. He makes one of my hemorrhards. I'm saying I'm right here. You can't. Oh, I can't. He made him stand him. Right. He's supposed to be in that. Okay. I'm not leaving. I'll take you words for it. Here's a call from Hollywood, hello. Yeah, the best thing about that movie, uh, Requiem for a train is the mirror scene with Jennifer. It's hot. No, it's not the best thing about the movie you're wrong. But George thought it was. No, he didn't. He told me last carried it. You thought that was the best scene in the movie was the mirror scene because it was the Orgy scene? No. No, you're full of crap, pal. Good loss. Not the original scene. I think he's talking one when she was standing up for the mirror with the bush shot. Oh, oh my God. That was the best part of the movie. Oh, my God. A little pubic here. Sir, I'm going to tell you something. I really mean this. What is the point? If you want to talk porn on movies fine, I've seen them all. Okay. If you want to talk about porn on movies, great. But if you want to talk about real cinema, if you want to talk about a real movie, the fact that there's somebody on naked scenes somewhere or a couple naked scenes, if that's what you think is the best part of the movie, then go on and get yourself a real porn on movie. Okay. And have a good time with it. God. That's sad. I'm moving this great. And this is what we get from the soft-floor audience. Is the bush scene. Yeah. Where you saying I want to cry? I want to cry. But to eat your own. I'm glad you liked it, pal. He's probably got it on slow-mo and freeze-frame. He's probably got that picture framed right now. And his little DVD's. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. Here's Hollywood. Hello. I'm a clockhead. Here's Miami. Hello. I'm going to go. Yes, sir. Good morning, sir. I'm following a bumper sticker at this moment. It says, I love cats. They taste like chickens. Okay. We're not doing bumper stickers. We had the one good one. You see, monkey-seem monkey-do. People with no material. The one guy called me to realk it. I remember what it was. No one knows what it was. No one knows what it was. No one knows what it was. No one knows what it was. Oh my God. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's Miami Beach. Hello. I'm a carer. She's my Sarah. Sarah. Oh, that was good. That was great. That was great. Of course, they didn't see the movie. They don't want to tell that. Sarah was juiced. Yeah. I think no one, especially by the end of the movie. She was really juiced. Oh, that was good. Yeah. Oh. For Sarah. For Sarah Goldfarb. And of course in South Florida there's a Zidian. So far, they're all over the place. Just desperate. It's so sad. You know, it's pathetic. I mean, at least you could have taken up my genre something. Right. Twelve of his past noon is five, 60 WDQM. It's obvious that we have many people in this audience who are in a dead end job and maybe even a dead end life. Well, get yourself out of that situation and get your real fat paycheck and a real job, a real career. How do you do it? You call our good friends at fast train. One, eight, six, six fast train. You can get a gig almost as good as the water not see. And no excuses anymore because no matter what your schedule is, they can make it convenient for you. They offer daily and weekend classes and a matter where you live. It's also convenient because fast trains got locations all over town. They're in Miami, Kindle, Pembroke, Pines and Fort Lauderdale. So there's bound to be location convenient nearby you. And register at fast train.com to receive a free American flag bumper sticker while you're at it. But if you want more information about fast train and what they can do for you and how they get you on a roadaway, brand new high-paying computer job, which you can complete in just four short months that training. Call full free today, one eight, six, six fast train. Or check them out on the web at fastprane.com. yar, sports, radio, five, sixty, two, a-a-m. So watch bobs and butts and blanking. Tonight on E, E, E, E, and our jingman television. Mr. President, I hear that you're hung like a hamster. One's got his, does not fit all. Yeah, but they see you've only got an egg. Never less than egg is better than nothing. Tonight on E, E, E, E, E, E. I heard that you got one of those P-Nile extensions. That P-Nile that felt it's got needed. It's 1214 at 560 WQM. I was so sad and by that call I wish I'd never would have happened. I wish I could have raised that for my life. You know what I mean? You... Transject. But be like if I said to you I really enjoyed Donnie Bransky. After all this time you've been to tell me I should have watched it. Yeah. And I watched it over the weekend and I said, Oh you know the best part of it was the interview's after work when I showed some of the Yes, and Johnny Depp and I did mention that scene where he's in a bathing suit and how Greeney looked. But if I said to you that was the best highlight for me. I enjoyed that the most. I'd be embarrassed because it would be... it would be beyond desperation. Okay. Like I saw Guy would as sure it off and he looked really good. That's to me. To waste an hour and a half. I could go on a hot day here and walk around downtown or anywhere in the city. And see, a zid in guys who looked pretty then close to that good. Locking around with their shirts off on hot day like over 60. Right. But we saw that crotch scene man. We saw some pubes there baby. We saw some pubes. Watch you. No, seriously don't you understand how pathetic that is? Yeah. I mean I make a big deal out of this movie when deservedly so because I mean what I'm Miracle I have to especially after watching bully which was just a piece of crap. It was Kakka. Sorry. No, I mean you know who that was. I was going to like it enough but it was Kakka was crap. It was poorly made. It was just garbage. The people I might have been just did were ugly. And etc. You know, trying if I was going to salvage something. But then to go and see a movie like this that turned out to be one of the all-time best I've ever seen and just them sitting there like shock with my jaw down on my kneecap. Right. And this guy's a lot of mess. You're an idiot pal. You're a moron. You've the steer of ruin my week. You're ruined my life. I don't think my life will ever be the same again. Anyway, what's your number one addiction we asked today? We should have probably put pubic here on there. The food, 100. Sex 76, pot 58. Boo's 57 and we apologize for putting that on their late. The erodger show 53, the earn at 36. I don't have any 34 freaking liars. Kaffee 33, Nick at teen 31, TV 21, heroin 14, which I don't believe any of those. Do you think we have any heronatics on the show? Yeah. Do you do? Yeah. Heroin 14 and cocaine 7. Right. Very, very mind. A lot of these heroin people just snored it now. Is the thing. 410, 410, gambling 10, cocaine 7. Shopping by prescription drugs still need 4x to see 2. Prescription drugs for. You should live so long, okay? If I had a dollar per every person in South Hoda's hooked up prescription drugs, I could buy that station. I could buy this city. I could retire. You can buy my own continent. Who would I have? Are you kidding? Just ask Sarah Goldfarb. She'll tell ya. I'll see you like to. That doctor wouldn't give me. And you know this in the scenes where she's at the doctor, he doesn't even look at her. Right. She's talking and explain he's writing on the chart and he's talking about that. And of course, and she's getting more and more of a space down. The voice keeps getting higher. It's just amazing. It is just astonishing. Yeah, but there's Bush. Here's plantation. Hello. Hey, no, I don't. Pretty good. Hey, um, the copy of a mentor that you purchased was at the limited edition one. I guess so. It's got all this neat crap inside of it. It looks like a police file on the outside. Yeah. Okay. Just I didn't want you to give up on him. Because what some of the people been saying, I will give you my personal guarantee. If you do not like that movie after giving it an honest try, I'll buy that DVD from you. Okay. I'm looking to buy that copy myself anyway. And I can't seem to find it in the store's out there. I'll tell you one thing. It's a hell of a thing just to get to the package open. It takes you about 15. Yeah, seriously. They're that pretty tightly of the zoom in edition ones. And got so many different things in there. The package is wrapped a lot tighter than most of the people in a movie. Sure. Um, another suggestion for another movie guide pierces in who didn't Momento. Right. The movie, then out of a couple years called Ravonus or Ravenous. Ravonus? Have you seen that? No. I saw a ribbon. It's based in colonial times. It's about cannibalism. But it's actually a real dark humor movie. It's pretty funny. I'm going to pick up. I'm making another my short list. I got it down. He's also now when he's pretty good character. I do like it. Okay. Thanks. No problem. See. Rick, a fact is in his last collar. Like this. He says in Ravenous to momentum. I personally enjoyed that. We even bought it. But the problem with watching is that the scenes are put together backwards. So the first scene in the movie was actually the final scenario in the story. The guy has no short term memory retention. Oh, kind of like private Jessica. Wasn't that convenient? That all of a sudden her short term memory is like, what would it like that? So not the fact that everybody's telling us that that was the so called rescue was staged. And that the Iraqi hospital, the people in the hospital tried desperately to give her back was on on it. We're shooting at them. Go back. Yeah. They've got to play here. Yeah. Stop. We got to be thinking plan. Your message is screwed up all my plans. And Tessia was nowhere to be found to say can't do it, pal. Anyway, the guys know short term memory retention. So we asked the right members to himself every five minutes. Oh, that's why there's the posted note. Yeah. When I open up my package, if I can say that, I want to get that other guy up. Oh, whipped up to a frenzy. See, there might be some pubic here's near my package. Yeah, watch. It's got to post the notes. It's just watch and it's got like a book. Yeah, open pages of a book. Watch. And then you open a footstitch thing. Open mental health battery test answer sheet. And play this really is then the most bizarre thing. I mean, even if nobody told you about it, if you could have just seen a package, you'd want to delve into it. So to speak. What do you see the movie? Really? Yeah. I'm not listening to you because your taste in movies man's like your taste in food. You know, here's a punk that don't like chocolate. It doesn't like anything basically that most of us love the eat. And he's given me his son. First of all, he kids. I wasted. I like to get a refund. How much might I waste on crap that you turn me out of bully or you were going along with your son, bully. He was singing. He was singing. And bully bully in a background. I give me to go out and buy it. Anyway, it's only my only suggestion was really a fair dream and movement. Bull crap. Bull crap. Yeah, bully bully crap. Kids. These are your kids. It's hot. The hot kids have insects in doing drugs. See what I should have done. I should have watched. Bully first. I bought these before I bought kids and his other piece of crevice gummo. Even even Groucho if he were here today, he wouldn't deal with gummo. Wouldn't take a look at it. Anyway, says the guy has no short to remember retention's wasted right. Memos themselves every five months. There's several decent twists. I would say watch it first and turn it into the into a coaster. Whatever that means. Tell him if I mean tell him if something I'll watch once I guess. Is that right, Peter boy? No, you can watch it more. I would watch it more than once. I would watch it again. And again. And again. I guess that then I think I'm going to watch. Reckley and for dream again today and I'm going to save all the other ones for later on. Not a bad idea. I'm serious. I have to see it again. It was that good. I'm not exaggerating. No, it was. In addition, which when you live in South Florida. Who part of it and it was Jen and all the old. The end of sitting out there in a lawn shares. I mean, it's just so sad. But so true. There's so much of that going on there. Imagine coming in in the middle of it because I was just flipping and found it like half hour into it and just like surprise here's the movie. Yeah. So, well, when did you see from the beginning? Like last year. I'm going to watch it again today. Yes. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Waterdale. Yes, sir. Neil, I have a couple of things. Number one, I guess with regard to addiction, I think you've bundled a couple of things into the food category and I don't have the real correct terminology for the addiction that I have. I think so many people including the liars that said that they don't have any is a prestige or success or money. I think you're going to vote. Thanks sir. You're addicted to money? Well, I think people are. I think I am. I think a lot of us have been trying to work so hard. Obviously, you have if you're not. You've done very well and you're not hooked on it. People are trying so hard. But I used to be hooked on until I got introduced to Mitch Hirsch. And then he cured me of that addiction. And I think a movie that might be appropriate. I don't know if you've seen it. You probably have with Glenn Gary Glenn Roth. Everybody's always telling me how great their movie is. And I've never seen it. I don't think so. What you have to talk about, huh? I thought you saw it. You've been telling me for years to see that. Yeah. That would, uh, Puccino. Who's that? How much volume is in it? Alec Baldwin. Alec Baldwin's a man. Kevin Spacey. Jack Lennon probably the best performance of his life. Jack Lennon. Yes. Should be required viewing for all of your sales. Okay. Jack Lennon. Jack Lennon. I got it down. Thanks. Glenn Gary. What is the rest of it? Glenn Gary Glenn Ross. And it's about real estate sales. Glenn Gary Glenn Hill. Oh, Glenn Ross. Is that Ross from guiding light? It was a play. And they made me do a movie. And it's just all it is is just dialogue. But you talk about that years ago. You've tried to give me the watch. And for whatever reason I never got around. But now that I'm movie intensive. And I got my DVD player cracked up in there. And the great part of it is when you have the DVD combination. The VHS and DVD. Right. And you can take your shows off TV that you might otherwise be watching. And watch your DVD at the same time. That's why I gave you that combo. Because I thought you'd find it handy. Well, that's why I got one here. And so wonderful thing to have. Let me tell you this about Glenn Gary Glenn Ross. If you don't like it. Is it as good as bullying? No, please. If you don't like it. Anybody less than don't get the second to watch in bully. Even if it did happen down there. It's a horrible horrible horrible. Although the guy that was all excited with a Jennifer County's pubic here. Yeah. He can join. Oh, what the world of it. Well, the wall carpeting in bully. Right. Let me tell you this about Glenn Gary Glenn Ross. If you don't like it. I will not only buy the DVD from you, but you can also snack me in the puts. Yeah. If you don't like Glenn Gary Glenn. Well, that sounds pretty inviting right there. And that's for it. That good, huh? Yeah. It's it's all about sales people. You'll love it. Oh, you'll throw your hands in the air. Oh, well, now we're talking something right up my ass. Sales people are ice-hole. Amen. Yeah. God. In fact, I was just, it was funny that that should come up now because during the break at noon. I was sitting here and I was starting to like get, because I've been in such a good mood all morning. And then that one guy would just pubic here. But the screw-in, you know, I just get angry and angry. I just get more just filled with psychosis over thinking of what kind of people that we have in that place. And just refuse adamantly in a hostile militant evil way to undo the just the ordinary things that are required as part of the job. You know what I'm saying? Right. And so I sit here with Stale, old, ronshi, copy and people. We know aren't servicing. I got one piece of copy. I don't want to say Todd Drec's name. That doesn't even have a date on it. Much less his name or who knows the count of it. It just, it just wards on a piece of paper. Well, then that's the way it'll never be outdated. Oh, my God. I'm telling you. Wow. My vision of euphoria is being at a fee. And I don't go to funeral. Okay, but my economic one or session being at a three way with screw-in, Todd Drec and the mole-myster and fact-dancing on all the grave. That's my vision of euphoria. That's the ultimate orgasm. In fact, maybe drop a little squirt squirt on your tombstones. God. Just people who refuse to be like civilized real people. I'll understand. Jesus has a halve of time in a party. 27 past noon at 5.60 in every 2.0. Talk is cheap. It's easy to throw on a lot of really appealing low numbers, but when it comes right down to what, what can you really get refinanced at? 5%? 4%. How about 2.45% with financial group? With interest rates of 2.45%. It's really your best bet and it's rock solid too. So, confidential group toll free right now at 1-800-940-land. Interest rates of at all time low, so why not refinance your home or buy a new home and take advantage of a sure thing? 2.45% financing with financial group. What will 2.45% financing do to those monthly payments? You might be wondering, here are the answers for you. If you have a $200,000 loan, your payments are only $76 a month. If you have a $100,000 loan, you pay only $393,000. So, get yourself 2.45% financing from our friends at financial group column today. If your obligation is to spend your hard work, call 1-800-940-land. That's financial group 1-800-940-land-l-e-n-d. There are an equal housing lender, credit restrictions apply. Write some of your to change monthly 5.34-a-p-r. 5%. 5%. 6.45%. 6.45%. 6.45%. 6.45%. 6.45%. 6.45%. 6.45%. 5%. 5%. 5%. 5%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 7%. 8%. 9%. 7%. 7%. 7%. the people who claimed that not a thing to do anything, or quite sure that's what they had taken to religion. Religion? Addicted to God? We got someone said they were addicted to the... There, God. That's about as close as we came to that. I would say, no. I guess I better go back and take a look at my thing, I'll always do. Oh, Ganticah, the premise is better than the movie says Lin. Yeah, she's right. Ganticah. What? She's right. It wasn't powerful. It's just kind of mild all the way through. Oh, you saw it? Yeah. Well, how come you didn't open up first? I tried to, and we went on to something else. But it was with Ethan Hawke. I do like Ethan Hawke. And what's his name? Who's name escapes me right now? He's in a lot of movies. And what's his name? Yeah. Yeah. Here's the poll. What's your number one addiction? See, and again, the reason I, because obviously a lot of us have more than one addiction. But what's your number one? Number one on the head parade this week. The thing that most just absolutely drives you, that you just can't escape food. One-third-teen, food, we're addicted. That's why there's all a hidden crap hidden sugar. All kinds of hidden gas salt in a food because it's just a tackier taste buds. You can't eat only one. You can't eat only a dozen. That's a crispy green doughnuts. I can't eat only two. And that's the truth. Don't ask me why. If you brought in a dozen crispy green doughnuts fresh, and brought in a box, I would eat three. Not one, not two, not four. I would eat three. Yeah. Because that's how many it takes to sell. Once I eat the first one, it stimulates my appetite. That's what it takes to let Tommy down. Food, 113, 690, pots, 70, alcohol, 62, neo-rodge show 57. Internet 38. You don't have any 37. Does anybody believe those 37 line bastards? No. No. Kaffee in 34, nicotine 33, TV 25, heroin 15, porno 13, gambling 10. Will bevenoted a few times. Cocaine 8, shopping 6, prescription drugs 5, and X-Tacese only got a pair. Wrong audience. Don't say they'll be right-pul for them to take on power 96. They had it. How can Kree should do something like that? And they wouldn't do that. That one. Huh? No. It would be fun, don't they have a website? That's snacks of activism. Did you say smack? Huh? Here it goes again. I hope I hope Kree just punches you right in the side of the head. Just redoing that. See that? That was more subliminal. It's not bad if they're going to attack so much by Disney and people over to her a conch. Didn't work too good, I didn't work too good. I'll brother. Party radio, what is saying? What did I tell you about them? Did I give you my honest opinion? That was going to last a short time. It would be Peter Raffesher than Halivine Yugoslavia. That's my opinion. I'm like Disney. And it did. Week, Mike, week effort. Pretty week. Put talk on FM. I'll come back over there. What do you say? Okay. Would you like to be on there? I hope please. That would be great on FM station. Like audience with people. Oh my god. Like right in the middle of the FM Dow with 100,000 watts on the signal you could hear with already living and reading people scuring up and down that band. Yeah, that's, or it's that. Give me a call this, okay? I'll get out of this thing in a heartbeat. You know, I just said that to create paranoia. Great. Did you hear what he said? Especially since we got such a heavy contract in the operation of manager. Have you ever seen anything like this man is going for more test theory? They wonder if he's got any body parts left in him, you know? His own? Although Carl said that when he saw him in the hallway, they hid a little something in him. And rumor was, it was attached to Carlos. Anyway, 1240, 20 till 1 and 560, okay? Let's just cut the crap. Let's get serious. Let's talk about your carpet. Some people think that once your carpet's get really dirty, then it's time to spend $1,000 for brand new carpeting, forget about it. Okay. And what movie did they say that? It wasn't that in bully where they said forget about it. Yeah, sure. So instead of wasting all that money, do what I always do and I've been doing for over 20 years call the experts at dry concepts. They are miracle workers. Forget about all the religion bull crap. If you want to see a real miracle right in front of your face, it is one when it comes in and make your carpet look just like brand new. Like you just lay brand new carpeting down the day before. And that's just how good they look because they dry clean your carpet so that the only people in the world who do this, it's an exclusive pendant method. And that's why there's so much better than anybody else. Another reason is because in a couple hours, you'd carpets are dry. They smell them any fresh and you're ready to rock and roll again in the same day. And they give you a written guaranteed price. No rip off. No per room scams. No, BS. When you do business with dry concepts. So whether it's your carpeting your drapeery expensive area, rugs or you're a animal rugs, you're a post-read leather furniture. It's time for dry concepts. Problem with pet orders, milled of orders caused by water damage again. Time for the experts to dry concepts. Do yourself a big, big favor. Try these people once and that'll be the end. You don't have to worry about it ever again. Call them tool free at 1-800-2-4-8-5-071. You can check out more about them on their website at dryconcepts.com. Please don't forget, with dry concepts you really can clean today and entertain tonight. 9. And roll. This is for 205-6. You can weigh 2. And. Get a lot of it. 5. Do Rogers on sportshold radio. WQA. Here you've got many to cooperate with the United States and our coalition partners. And not harbor any terrorist groups. Here we are here, but we're still in style. Welcome in a racking exercise. Look what has been too bad in one day. You'll see things in a different way. Don't stop. Harboring terrorism. It's a little bit too much. Stop. I'm true from the out here. It's a much clearer one more. Where is it done? Where is it done? Try to take the time to come. And it depends on the things it's done. Listen to what I'm very fast telling you. We're going to be right back to the bottom of our two. All right. Stop. Harboring terrorism. We can stop. I'm true from the out here. Answer us, dear. To avoid a war. Where is it done? Where is it done? We're 45 at 5. 60. How come you said emailing Jordan and his name is Jared? Did you screw up on him? He was talking to me. Yeah. I didn't write his name out. You didn't? No. Where did he come from? Email. I was bored. I just forwarded a picture. I didn't type anything. Click click click. It says emailing Jordan subject. Huh. Where did I come from? I just emailed you a picture from the Yahoo site. I didn't write anything out. I didn't write a comment. Yeah. Maybe that came from somebody else. No, it did not come from somebody else. I don't think so. Thanks anyway. It's still on there. I just got rid of deleted all the other messages that I've read. And then done with it. That one's still on there. It's great movie. Like I said, why did I do that bushyine? Yeah, bushyine. I know. It breaks my heart that there are some people that are so desperate. Just a sniff. I will whiff. And anything. Come on already. You know. Get serious. Here's one from Troy and Pembroke Pines who says you've got to see Glenn Geri Glenn Ross. Okay, it's on my list. Now he's also got seven mussees. Sharks and redemption won't watch it. I've got it. I won't watch it. Oh, Fargo. Should I forego, Fargo? No, I let Fargo. That was the other day when you were trying to talk me to it. Then everybody else said, ah, I get about it. It's subtle. It's low key. I mean, nothing's going to be as good as wreck me in front of me. But it was good. Okay. Agreed. I got it down. See, I see how easy I am. The audience is probably embarrassed for me because you've talked me into a bunch of crap. Uh, the big Lebowski? No, no. What is that? Nothing you would even come close to liking. Well, it starts with the big Lebowski. Isn't she on that Mr. Personality show now? Yeah. Twelve Angry Men seen it. Great movie. Right. Shindler's list won't watch it. Not even any more professional jim movies. I don't want that. And a simple plan. Not bad. Not bad. That's a way to say what? What? The Libob Thornton and the whiny guy. I forgot what the other whiny guy's name is. Not bad. The whiny guy, Maddie Bell. Yeldy? Under resaudible plan. Oh. Anyway, since by the way, you leave their lover to our hate going back. I'm assuming, meaning Glenn Jerry Glenn Ross. There seems to be no in between. I've never met anyone who didn't like it. And it'll be an excellent cure for your recent alphatino problems. I thought you said alphatino wasn't in it. No, I said he was. I saw gaslight, okay. Before when you mentioned, when the car mentioned, Glenn Jerry was, I said, wasn't alphatino. Alphadman was in it. He is as well. But you didn't say that. I said yes to that car. Can he say that car? Loats keeping in mind, of course, that I'm responsible for the same way that you get paid or not. Did he say that? I'll be right back. And you know who I'm going to call the straighten this all out. I know. Yeah, that's what I'm going to have to do. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. It's movie week. I'm going to your larger show for so how are we getting into this anyway? Just one of those things. I'm glad we did because this record for a dream. I'm serious. If you watch this movie and you don't like it, I see it's time to like take a long dirt net. That's all I can tell you. Go be your taste. Has to be the worst in the history mankind. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Any light on? Great. All right. Hey, listen. I'm just calling the reiterate the fact that that movie Momento, you got to see it. Okay. I got it right here. Unbelievable. And also, I'd like to give you my addiction. I'm addicted to pop dirty man. Pop dirty man. He's addicted to it. Well, that's good. We'll play it about 30 times for every day. Every minute. Food and sex, baby and pot. Food, sex, pot and booze. And then he'll Roger show. What could be better than that? What a combination. Huh? Can I have a good old turn with all those? Here a little bit of a brunch. Smoking a big fat one. Well, haven't maybe a little bit of a, man. Maybe like a wine spritzer on the side. What movie was it? Well, that was in Donnie Brasco. Yeah. I'd left the head to many wine spritzers. That was his problem. Spritzer problem. Here's sunny hours. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes. His idea of comedy was 30. So that would make sense. Memento was his idea of a great movie. Yeah. It was so dull. You know how pop fiction have a time frame is screwed up? I hated it. That today is one of the worst movies ever. Okay. Not only is the time frame screwed up a Memento, but when you try to figure it out, you realize you don't care. You don't care for the characters at all. You're getting a little bit of a kind of film. You know, you know, you know the film. I'm going to tell you a little bit about this movie. It's an excellent movie. And then in response to George because the funny thing is that it didn't even call about movies. But I'll tell you what. That Glenn Jerry Glenn Ross. Yeah. He works movie. He said it off. He said about that. Not just me. My mom off though we watch together. You're mom. The red hour is unnecessary. star is Jack Lemon. I like Jack Lemon. You're great. But in what decade? The third east? It is bad. It is really dull. Okay. The Georgia's offering to buy it if you didn't like it. Yeah. I have to give some kind of counteroffer. I don't know what I can offer, but your mom. I'd like to get into this into the pool. Okay. You're a good div. The crust. Probably didn't like the godfather either. When you just have not been like this, everybody have to agree with you. Was it written somewhere that we all have to agree with you? I mean, you're the guy that's talking to me in a bully. I guarantee any of these movies that your, it's got to be better than bully. Yeah. It was really lame. And you and your obsession with it was just like this other guy with the Jennifer or colleagues, the kind of a fubes about who's got a lot of money. I'll upfront. That's what I like. What was upfront? Yeah. I still say if you want to see a point taken, cattle mighty. Anyway, here's the fact that says I would highly recommend you go out and buy Glen Gary Glen Ross's afternoon and watch it today. Yeah. Not a week from the circus. Not next year, but we'll wish today. Save Reckley and for Dream to watch again tomorrow. And I think I watched Reckley and for Dream this weekend again. Because they do want to see something new. And I end two days too much. You get a wine spitzer, pack your vong. Right. That's it. With it. Bong. It was that would be. See, this has been a long time since I've seen this much excellent. I think by all the characters in my film, this is from Jerry and Vanilla Spring. Right. Right. And then Gary Glen Ross starring. I totally out of the scene. It was in his movie. And you said no. You said no. He's an italic ballwin and Jack Lemon. Alan Arkin. Edward Kevin Spacey. This is his spot check and Jonathan Price. You're released 1992. And if I don't like it, somebody, I'm a little like here. You know, when you're making a big box easy come easy go. Go lunch, George. What the hell was that? It's from the movie. Is it really? Yeah. Well, somebody's going to buy lunch anyway. Am I not the who we're thinking about? Oh, man. You're unmentionedable one. I don't want to get into it. I'm just, in fact, maybe that's why I'm in such a good mood. You know, I phone is nice and quiet. Although, fat rich did call me yesterday. Emotional. I mean, emotional. Fat rich is okay, by the way. He's still alive. But he was very emotional because a pomp and a park of an Ellie is not going to have live summer racing this year. They're going to be closing like the middle of June. And then that way they're going to goose up the person starting in the fall in October. And you want to thought that somebody just took a dump on issues. He sounded so down in the dump. I said, I'll be back. I'll be back one of these days. You know, especially when a staff at QM least expects it. And then we talked about Brian series is driving at the middlelands. And I told him I saw it on a racing channel 30 night. Anyone with a 9 to 1 shot at the middlelands Brian's booth. It was great. And he said, I had the two over to three, four or five. And all of a sudden it was this dial tone on the phone. I didn't do that. But my phone is nice and quiet. Everything is just life is sweet. What's your number one addiction food? One 18. I voted for that. And that's the effen truth man. The effen food stands for the effen truth. Because they hook you. They near you. You can't get away and speak enough food. How about effes in feast at the Emerald Coast Asian buffet? The number one in the world. They're in sunrise, North Miami Beach. And the newest location in Pembroke Pines. Emerald Coast will be the perfect place to put a smile on that special lady in your life. Your mom on this mother's day Sunday may 11. Start your mouth watering eating experience with six different soups you can try all of them if you like. Just pour them down your pants. It doesn'ts a second on an enthrase. New York strip made a word with a gourmet center. A sizzling Asian grill with grilled shrimp, scampy style, Jembo scallops wrapped in bacon, dunginess, crab and ginger and scallions. And I do love scallions. And handcar primary. Look out for the New Oriental chicken salad too. Take a peek at it. Emerald Coast does use any crab soup. Won't ever walk out of there with a headache. No MSG, no corn starch, no crab. And they cook only all of their stuff in the cholesterol free oils too. The buffet peaches a full salad bar. Sushi bar and fresh shrimp cocktail as well. And because mom deserves it. Emerald Coast features a full desert station featuring Pines, cakes, pastries, ice cream and all your favorite toppings and fresh fruit that perfect day into a real feast on Mother's Day. Three locations, sunrise at Pine Island, 44th Street. Collins Avenue just north of 163rd North Miami Beach. And at the intersection of Omega and Pembroke's and Pembroke's and Pembroke's. Look now for Mother's Day May 11th as reservations are going fast. Call 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22. All-size parties welcome 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22. Take mom for a feast someday to the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet. 5-6-5-6-6-5-6. Three years old yours. Pfft! Chew Ian! We're gonna go a little bit over but you know what? Too bad. The middle Eastern World will be exploded to Domet people go with the gas that we sold him. First time a grister nation and they only want that's going. Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing. Forget about Korea. The nook they're toasting at the right wing is really getting over and over into our head. You're daddy, rag, ass off. Fembers of past the structure. 3,000 people killed. Our now forgotten let's exploit him instead. Hey there's oil to be gotten. Going after sent down to Planketosama. There's no longer mention of.