Oh, the season perms until next week anyway, right? Right. Oh. So what then? What the why care about that? Even though I didn't miss it. I can handle it. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T line. Miami Beach. Hello. Thank you for taking my call. Thank you for making your call. Did you see the movie? See best get. No, I did not. Oh, you missed it. Neo, you should go. It's a beautiful movie. I don't want to see it. Get out of here. You're old far from the track. Good girl. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Are you doing it? I'm doing great. I'm right. Who thought? What do you say? Something you've had a dump? He's riding two-pock. We didn't dump it. He's riding two-pock. I thought he said, uh... Your all-time favorite day-to-actresses. Two-pock and actor or actress? No. Was he? No. He might have been in a movie. I wouldn't know. I hope not. Here's how I get a rally. Hello. Hey, Neo. Yes, sir. You don't have to think he was. You got a football boy, Tom Wayne on there. Oh, my God. How could we forget the douche duke? Oh, he's a cougar. How could we forget a myrion? He made what? Yeah. Barry. He made what? What they are now. Crap. Okay. Thanks. The invade westerns. What they are now. Passa. Passa? Right. Please. Yeah. He took the old posse out there and it became passa. Hmm. 1026. Oh, no. Speaking of that, if I want to play a dangerous, which we don't have a lot of time to eat. I'll go ahead with the how. Wait. You got to do this. Send us a video recently of her private pleasures. Ooh, see, that was good. That was nice. Impressed in clean. And the- Oh, look at that. Talk about- look at the size of that thing. Oh. Wow. I think that one was alive. 1027 at 560 WKMVIP Sportsbook.com. South boat is best sportsbook. These are the people that ought to be plunging with because you can depend on them. They've been around a long time. They're going to be here next week. They're going to be there with your money. That's the deal because 99% of the other bookies. He her folks on his radio station raving about are located in the jungles of Costa Rica. You might never even see them again. Much less your cash. So this year, move up in class to VIP sportsbook.com and do your PIP plunging in peace. VIP sportsbook.com is the oldest and largest sportsbook in the Netherlands. How to present legal in my sense as well. So column 2 day, toll free at 1 866 VIP bet. Sign up now and you can bet all on all the south boat of football and basketball teams. Juice free all year long. You might have had on the dolphins. It's 100-100. You might have been on the whole hurricane. It's 100-100. So forget about the vigorous. All son of Skatell legitimate honest goodness for real 20% cash bonus. Not some silly funny money match play bonus or some other bogus crap. VIP sportsbook.com that's where you find a online or column full free. 1 866 VIP bet. That's 1 866 VIP bet. Be sure and tell me what you heard about it here on SportsUpnotch's WKMVIP Sportsbook.com. Or you be the VIP. My, my, my, and low. This is SportsWady of I-6-6. In the way to weigh him. Bless me. Musik Uh, Promise? Put him right here and for you. I can't stop thinking about disgusting things. I'm just these kids. No one's still available unless the ones waiting to get for me. My, sadly. But she... I try not to think of them What's the point about this thing? It's for a problem, always you're a good stop here I also think about human life, you know, you're in places And who? It's disgusting, I can't get through a mail You've almost been tired now, but I know what I'm gonna do Hey, I'll wish I'm not To my friend, I am in shock Makes me so much I'm always been crazy I'm always been crazy, I know that 10.32 to 5.60, every 2 of you have a ball game coming up at 12.30 or 12.35 They still haven't told us the actual time? No, but we do have the internet back We have the internet back, let's hear it Back online, alright, that's the important thing isn't it? No, Jimmy can, that's a good one Somebody faxes in, your favorite all time dead actor or actress Never got the credit he deserves, says Mark And you absolutely correct Mark, he was good It was pretty damn good Let's see, if you put more than one, I'm not even gonna look at it I'm not even gonna look at it, well why? I don't understand why we have so many stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid Idiot, stupid, idiot, who falls out there, you know? Is that what these people? It's like if I said to you, what's your favorite flavor of ice cream when you said Well, we have a lot of extra berate in your opponent, I think I'm the opponent That's great, Rocky Road Yeah, you know what, that's perfect for you too Although I do love Rocky Road, but that's that's perfect because you got a Rocky Road and how do you? Believe you made, there's no question about it Especially on a plane trip, you're gonna, you still gonna take that trip this weekend? I'm going surfing tomorrow Oh my god, this guy's gonna be in the surf, we're gonna be in the surf, we're gonna be in the surf Five, six, seven, five, six, do we got the, in fact we can put this thing up any time Eric gets around, we're okay, oh he didn't know, because we didn't have the internet There you go Eric, there you go Eric, like you can put it up any time you While we're already two, what I don't think from here, is your favorite dead political figure Now, you know what, I better put that out though, because we want to save that Right? When we do the dead off, we're gonna do the big dead off one day next week Your favorite all time dead actor or actress Peter Fitch, Earl Flynn, Marilyn Monroe Grace Kelly, Jimmy Stewart, William Holden, Katherine Hepburn, George E. Scott John Wayne, or Jimmy Cagney That's a pretty good list right there, you know? Oh yeah, good start Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless line Here's Vice Chester, hello Hey, good morning, Neil, yes sir I got the man who told us all that I spent those days bad for you Steve McQueen Steve McQueen You're ready? Get this bullet Cincinnati kid That they knif it in seven and of course, a blob A robbing deal Thanks, pal, good choice, Steve McQueen won't see him no more He's kind of like Paulie in the Godfather He'd bad a long time ago didn't he? Ah, yeah, well bad Oh, I mean, not a wild back with Paulie won't see him no more Okay, I'm saving, let's see him, seven out for my thing Now those pictures that poker brands have been given to the day What's your assistant when I'm talking about? Is I got a wind up on a website? I don't think he's set them to Eric, hey Brian, send those to Eric Yeah, send those to Eric, we'd like to have those George stone out of his mind And then the one where I've got the I've got most brain in the hand to be a whole thing I got my operating suit on there, Neil the surgeon And I've got most brain in my hand Well, I never realized it was quite that big Here's Fort Lauderdale, hello You take the cars, oh no What? Now we'll go see you, but I'll put it to another fact guy It's far better stuff, look where it's going to go I can't hear real phone, what was he saying? I can't hear real phone, okay? I don't know what that is lately down there But there's some kind of a real... Very problem Here's North Miami Beach, hello Neil, yes sir Hey, how are you doing? Great Got a few things for you First off, I'm actually good friends with Don Cox's daughter She's the hostess at the Outback Stayed out with my head each Right And she's a great kid And she's got to be heard right now It's always I couldn't imagine where it would be Like to lose a parent But yeah, I actually met Don Cox at the time He's actually a really cool guy He was My condolences to him, my heart goes off to you Amber, if she's listening She usually does a listen to her show Number two, on a lighter note I noticed you're normally a pretty straight acting gay guy And don't think of her man being serious But there was a few weeks ago A few months ago actually You were a call you cleaning out on the show Yeah Okay, it was a member when George lost his dog Yeah Okay, well anyway, he emailed you a picture of him And when you finally saw it, you went Oh, what a sweet heart Anyway, that thought was kind of cute So that's that Okay One more thing I'm probably neglected to put that my diary I'll go back in that right Yeah, it was funny, it was like, I heard that I was like a whole new But it was a little boy What a sweetheart Whatever the name is Oh yeah, one other thing Don't you do? What do you think of a euro? I mean, what do I think of the euro? Yeah What does that mean? What do I think of it? I hate the euro I hate the euro I think the euro coins are the most grotesque and all The only things they all look the same I agree That's why I hate it I mean, the one cool thing about going to Europe Is all the different kind of currency I agree, I agree with that That was always the fun of changing the currency The Deutschmarks into the Jewelers to the Franks I did that Which can you imagine if you're in the currency If change business, do you realize how they have to rip off the public now? Oh, absolutely Because that eliminates about 70% of their business Yeah, they suck I actually have a few guilders that I saved You know, with a little monkey with the rose face And the queen's face Yeah, that's cool All right, Neil, that's all I got for you Okay, see you In clothing, you? Yes I can have an orgasm while driving down 995 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T And Verizon's wireless line He was doing so well until right there at the bitter end Here's a call from the Redlands, hello From where? From the Redlands, I think he's a Peter Seller Oh, yes Peter Seller Who is it? Peter Sellers Peter Sellers is a magnificent choice Bravo, well thank you Thank you Bon have a great day Bravo, did you say Bravo? He said Bravo, he could probably show you the chance On some of his movies on Bravo wouldn't surprise me He was a miserable son of a bitch What they say, but we know we need to care about that I've heard that Okay, you had never heard that? Nope, oh yeah, I heard he was like a real bizarre Just an I heard nothing about him Peter Sellers? Right And then toward the end he got like even more bizarre Oh, you know who we got to put on here Who that? Bella Legosi Oh, God Well, because somebody could leave him off And that's going to be very upsetting And then it would get upset and then gently Depp will get all done out of shape And Martin Landl will be throwing wild objects at the screen Is that a post? In fact, I don't know because we still don't have that thing up there for some Strange reason Uh-huh It's because of that whole internet You know something that's a lame excuse Didn't you facts? Didn't you facts this pulled out of your ear? You're busy scribing it He can't be busy scrubbing it because he was too busy Change it away with spell and tampane on there Because you embarrassed them all right He's tired of telling you a literacy Don't forget to transfer coming to 1130 What a pressure Even there, even at the Delhi then They don't have pressure like that So if you eat there today for what that guy said You might have pretty soon Why sure, general cartoon Get the hebgy's at the a Delhi then The hebrew jibis There might be some hebys at the a Delhi then But I hope you don't get it The hebrew jibis I I'll talk about two seconds to sink in I mean, I've heard it the first time But once it penetrated my skull The hebrew jibis That's pretty good I like it Market down maybe we can like patent it We can copyright it Twenty-four eleven so we got like a pressure pack day here today We got that big volume They were going to tell us if it's 1230 or 1235 They're going to let us just play something Just gonna like play something I know a lot of guys like that It's that comedy again when Matt's your showrooms and furniture stores Rondo's phony and sales I hope you're on them Dalamaque's actually this one simple question If you double the price and then offer half off Is that really a deal? No, of course not Doesn't take a genius to figure that out The fact is that those stores have to run a sale To drop their prices nearly as low as Dalamaque's The price that Dalamaque sells them each in every day 365 days year even on circus For discount prices on dozen models from Seely sur'd a tempered ptx Simmons King coerle strings at foster called 1-800 mattress No nonsense, no bait in the switch, no house brands, no phony promises And best of all You don't have to pay a premium for the best service Available in the universe You'll get service like you only dream about From the delivery team right number one You'll get service satisfaction When you call Dalamaque, it's at 1-800 mattress You still can pick the day and time for delivery When it's convenient for you Within any two hour window seven days Week from 8 in the AM till 10 in the PM You'll be sleeping like a baby the very first night I've been sleeping on a mattress and Valematos for a coon's age You ought to be doing the same for you and your back With low prices same day delivery If we set up a move let's easy to see While Dalamaque is right the best in the world In customer satisfaction So please don't be a sucker Don't be fooled by those mattress The rooms are furnishes deraids That can't even come close to matching What you always get every day from Dalamaque Pick up that phone right now called 1-800 mattress 1-800-MATTRES Or check them online at matrist.com My life and love This is for 3-0-by-6 I pick the bad day to quit sniffing glue I don't know what to do I don't know what to do I don't know what to do My hair is more like my hair My hair is more like my hair is more like my hair My hair is more like my hair is more like my hair My hair is more like my hair is more like my hair My hair is more like my hair is more like my hair is more like my hair is more like my hair is more like my hair is more like my hair is more like my hair is more like my hair is more like my hair is more like my hair is more like my hair is more like my hair is more like my hair is more like my hair is more like my hair is more like my hair is more like my hair is more like my hair is more like my hair is more like my hair is more like my hair is more like my hair is more like my hair is more like my hair is more like my hair is more like my hair is more like my hair is more like my hair is more like my hair is more like my hair is more like my hair is more like my hair is more like my hair is more like my hair is more like my hair is more like my hair is more like my hair is more like my hair is more like my hair is more like my hair is more like my hair is more like my hair is more like my hair is more like my now we get a 4-day reason I dismiss that thinking fat bastard is because he wouldn't shut up any can't play canister I'm so many people but nobody put from our round I wrap the new talk like look at me I think I don't swear I'm a thing done getting man I'm really dead I buy already when I want I don't care especially if they make me flip my wig made a smelly green hair I get by myself it even happens to the grapes this one one said you get out of here last week break your legs so now I sit by the bull life since good as it gets with my pallid and cocktail placing that's on the gen's and paradise paradise I don't kiss nobody's hands in paradise I'll be sure that the screw gets when I get the gen but the green is already with my line green man I won't even take Kelly calling a plate it was just a little thought so what I left this day I think that's funny when I know I'm a selfish buddy I can do what I want but the management loves me I'm not going to tell you something mo something you ought to know but along this time I wanted you to be my oh who are my type out now I am great how about who do you don't take no for an answer to that you let's you let's go to the boy here's a good one John Cazell which I can never think of his name and people say who the hell is that right me too Godfather's one until he was right oh right oh that guy dog day afternoon he played the whatever what was his name in there exactly I you you you tell him Fred oh they've been forgotten John Cazell that's an excellent choice he and if this uh Tucker whatever's name is if mother Tucker wouldn't have felt thanks to the industry we would have forgotten all about and that would have been bad pull us up jack lemons in first place I didn't even know who's on her I thought I could have been for you decided that's a taken in that uh huh I'm trying to work ahead so I wrote it all I had already written it down there I see he deserves it come on oh no he doesn't I like Jack lemon all the way certainly put and wouldn't put him in a can't go with Peter Fincher some of these other people I'm not even not even close but again that's it's all subjective you know if you like that lemon meringue good I like traffic green pie myself I like banana cream pie um that is good with real bananas of course hmm hmm oh mother huh Brad they still have those mother hump or pies if Dennis I don't think they do any more do they That's sure the reason that anybody should be allowed to go to Denny's frame other hump or pie a priest accused of saying speaking of Humper a priest accused of sexually abusing high school girls that enrollment Catholic school in suburban Cincinnati in the late 70s As he's resigned the Reverend Thomas Brunner 55 resigned too denied his pastorly same-packric Catholic church in Troy, Ohio about 65 miles from the east of Cincinnati Brunner's Reservation came just weeks before Catholic review board is scheduled here evidence that he and four other Cincinnati where priest abused children K novel how unusual just another series of isolated incidents and hmm might be important Yeah, see we had Paul Wolfwood's a couple of days ago then yesterday it was it was what's his name? South no, it was Donald Rumsfeld a chart cuz I'll play sound. I know that. Sorry and now guess who says oh Ah, Sodom had nothing to do with nine love yeah President they says that last day yesterday there was no evidence that Sodom who saying was involved in the terrorist attacks of nine eleven Disputing an ID held by many Americans about 70 percent where did they get that idea? I can't imagine although of course there was vice president thick chanie on Sunday on eat the press Trying to like pound it back into their heads We have no evidence that Sodom who saying was involved with an i love an attack set. El Presidentate Mr. Bush spoke with reporters after speaking with leaders of Congress about energy legislation How do you like that the president's comment on Saddam was in line with a statement Tuesday by defense secretary Here, Mom guring Rumsfeld who said he hasn't seen any evidence that Sodom was involved with an i love it attacks I'll be dying They must just be confused, okay Maybe they need to huddle and get their signals together. Maybe Tom Brady can be like the pivot man. Here's Margate. Hello You know, yes sir. Good morning. How you doing? I'm doing great. I got a succession for your poll Okay, don't think it's cheesy or anything this guy Did movies back in the late 70s. Oh, it's cheesy. Hopefully George will agree with me personally Well, why so what's wrong with that? Well, why do you have to be defensive of a Bruce Lee? A lot of people like Bruce Lee. I like Bruce Lee. Sure I think they'll hit it when you watch his movies. He's the best that what he did. I wasn't too big of a hand of Peggy Lee Because that mole kept distracting me Bruce Lee was okay Thanks a lot, pal. No problem buddy. Have a great thing Bruce Lee who was awful defensive about that not an wrongly Bruce Lee little guy kind of I'm looking about Yeah, good fun movies with little tiny ears Every time he did one of them karate shots. He kind of like pinned his ears back like a like my little dog used to do 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line Here's my knee beat. Hello Hi, my friend. Who do you get sir? Neal first of all, Don Cox is was a management. Yep every Saturday morning We've swed to get coffee. We used to talk and just shoot the breeze Second of all for your pole Charles Johnson Charles Branson. How could we forget magnificent seven during a matter of hours now, right? I mean he did all the the greatest capes. Yep. He was in that one too. Of course all the death wish But we won't hold that against him Hand him a night and the midnight was awesome move sensational Mr. John the end where he fired his gun and killed a What's his face The mechanic yeah the mechanics the copy machine technician right we got you out of pal good choice John Kazal Bruce Lee and Charles Branson added the list Think hello, I go see's gonna get any votes. Maybe not don't even under yet Jack lemons got six. I mean is just the preliminary names on our jack lemon six John Wayne five catharte Hepburn five arrow flim three George. He's got two Jimmy Stewart two grace Kelly to Maryland Monroe only one Peter Finches got my vote and a Jimmy Cagney guys voted yet Plus there's a whole bunch of other names that haven't made it on your yet, but they will you know since they're both on there and they're both dead Yeah, you know you have to play what is that Jimmy Stewart and Catherine Hepburn? I have to all you don't have to But it would be how about Jimmy and Danny Oh Step for three at five. Oh sorry Jimmy in five sixty wq a m and the pressure is building. It's mounting now keep in mind that these ratings This trend is two thirds of the summer rating book and It's June July and August and also keep in mind it means like three full months of for Ralph wait to ten also Three months of being back on midday and a lot of this rest on your shoulder. I know Can't believe the life August I mean August you were unlike a hell of a lock because I had that first week off You know, I was still doing that Tuesday and Thursday This is a lot of George and this is this coming trend. I don't want to put in the extra pressure right But here's a lady a West Palm hello Hello, did you say Walter Mathau? That's good. Oh cactus flower. It was a nice movie Yeah, I wanted to send you a recipe for really good no bake An anti-creme pie and a hair cream cheese in it Sounds great. All right, I see you're in Toronto right now. Yeah, all right. Well have a great day and you can Okay, thanks I think something else that I told a kind of cream pie and not let's just keep her on the whole work kind of banishing She's sticking in there, but I think I have a pretty good idea Man, I hope that no me no me lying was clean Just reach it back for your facts here that says all from your buddy Teddy Says you are so lucky. I remember last week You were saying there was a Marlins game today, but at night anyone else so you wish to was a day game Well, it looks like magic fairies made it happen. That's right the magic fairies We just brought our legs together like the grasshopper By the way, the actress in the upcoming movie underworld is smoking Kate Beckinsal Have you serename? I don't know Beckinsale Kate has also starred in haunted Pearl Harbor serendipity and soon to be here in the abiator serendipity remember the serendipity singers know let the rain fall down. Nope. You know, yeah, I did Oh, I saw that was the Rogers cable thing. I saw her on a local interview with long brown here in a sexy super outfit Teddy says her English accent doesn't either she just passed the niece Richards and a cool kid the kidman on my list of hoties. Oh the cool kidman Man, Neil. Yes, the Marlins pregame today is a 1230 Well, thanks so much Scott you're welcome who told you that somebody Somebody in the know I certainly hope so. Here's the call from hell and they'll hello Good morning, Neil. Where does this? Just I know you're a Because the gospel. Have you seen the new is you know I'm not we don't talk to old people on a show scum Five six semis means we probably don't take too many calls from hell and they'll doesn't Because old enough to be my great grandfather. Okay. We don't talk to old farts in hell and they're about to guard I don't smoke cigars. I'm not interested and has nothing to do with what we're talking about today It's so typical of the out the cochers and soft Florida man They all got there on agenda. He's waiting for the early bird He's gonna go out to the track and light up a big fat one, you know He's gonna be standing there hovering over the racing form when there's like four seconds to post time And you're desperately trying to get it a bit in behind them. That's what that's all about Lucky Louie there from hell and Dale. Maybe he knows less to green shirt. You think? Nope For his sake. I hope not 10 56 at five 60 WQM We're just only about a half an hour away from the big Moment would those sheets are gonna start pouring through that facts machine we hope By now you've been here at about laments are us on his show for a long time and how laminated would flooring from laments are us as the easy The intelligent the low maintenance alternative to beautiful but very very expensive natural with flooring laments are us as the best place for you to find laminated would flooring from perid or perigo Will soon are uniform and quick step. They got all the top names all installed by perigo certified and stoners Here's another reason why you ought to be calling laments arise their prices are so low it'll flow Yeah, right now you can get there's a timber kickoff special for just 1995 bucks that's correct just 1995 bucks gives you up to 388 square feet of beautiful laminated wood flooring in his positively Unreal and laments are us will match any legitimate written offer to you can't be them with your stick for a free and homestimate Colamonants rust toll free and tell them cranky old Neil pointed to call 1 877 777 3336 what could be simpler they give you free carpet disposal Free furniture moving a 25 year warranty and years and years of beautiful easy care laminated wood flooring Columnants rust today toll free 1 877 777 3336 just like right a six-year story How the hell my Joy! she was done in the castle Insacuted I scat damn! I said, too late I cramp myself and boy, it shudders smell. This lousy, lukeemy, a haschrewed up my mod cells. Screwed up my mod cells. Then it got so tough to breathe, I couldn't stay alive. I wish I never signed a form that said to not revive. It said to not revive. I left my body and I started walking puzzle light, but that light was the plane's unha'el, and if she's where I will stay, I will burn eternally for writing down a song for killing games. I'm an archoe of five, sixy, that was the solid. Whatever was the inhalandaler, what is Stogi and is losing tickets from a gall string. Somebody facts his happy bogey art and get him on their right away to the good choice. He just knew that would steal balls, yes. Gotta respect the guy with steel balls, he likes his strawberries. U.S. troops under gunfire in Iraqi town, U.S. troops were ambushed on the main road of the central town of Calidia. Today coming under heavy gunfire, the destroyed truck and associated oppressed reporter who arrived on the scene saw four U.S. tanks, surrounding the smoldering truck as helicopters hovered above, tank at taking far from my own positions U.S. forces were firing with no obvious targets, and an apparent effort to protect themselves until reinforcements arrived. About an hour ago, a CBC said that up to eight American soldiers were killed, and O.C. and it said three or four injured, who knows what the real number is. And you made a good point, and that is that when the Iraqi civilians are dying, a American media doesn't bother telling us not to get them to be a Muslim while like this story. From Faluja, neighbor said that a 14-year-old boy was killed in six people wounded after people at a wedding fire guns in the air to celebrate an a passing U.S. military patrol and fire believing it was under attack. The neighbors who witnessed the incident said the boy in the wounded were hit by U.S. fire from a passing convoy of humbese late yesterday, the military could not be reached for comment because of communications problems in Baghdad. Adel Hamoud, a neighbor said the Americans opened fire in a circle around themselves. He said the dead boy was a long name, who was on his way to buy cigarettes when he was killed. And I guess they just hastened the process. Right, who's going to die anyway? Pull the holes in homes and buildings in the earth, suggested that there was heavy firing by the Americans doing the incident which occurred about two blocks off the man's feet in Faluja. Wedding, wedding, they were like doing in a highly, you know, shooting guns up into the area to celebrate? Well, once you hear no more. 560560, who is your favorite all-time dead actor or actress? That's our pull question today to pull us up. It's incomplete. We got a few names up on there. Jack Lennon 10, John Wayne 10, Jimmy Stewart 8, George C's got eight. And then a whole bunch of the names that we've had on here for some inexplicable reason, not up there yet. You know what I mean? No. Here's a call from Clueless Denhal. Yeah, and my name is Ross. I really like listening to your show. I want to write you on your poll today. Okay. One name I haven't heard yet. The man had E. G Robinson. Edward G Robinson, a fantastic choice. Yeah, I was just who said to see him not when any time, and he kept me working, but I actually passed away when he was just a humanitarian award. Yeah, they always do. I think it was all time. After you did, then they decided to start giving you all the honors. I know. I just want to say one more thing. I like to tell candy that I love or all with all my heart. Okay. Thanks for your time. Thank you. I appreciate it. Almost as sweet as George's little dog. Edward G Robinson, he was great. He always had a big stoichi in his post. Remember him? Sure. Always, almost always in a gangster movie. He was always against the, he was outstanding. 5605056, the pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Look at that. For example, here, this is a fence built in the Pythagoras. The first is that. Perkine Ezebel man, the big blow in the Carolinas right now. We're going to get the acid of it right here in Toronto with the big blow. A lot of that goes on here. Here's the call from Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, I'm on the Kate back of the occasion. Well, I'm on vacation from the Gateway Arts City. And I'd like to add an impupole. I'm going to have to stay rock that's in. Rock cuts and I can't imagine why. Well, my better half won and needed to just Bruce Lee, but that was already called in. Uh-huh. And hey, do you think my blues are going to choke again this year? Yes. His better half's name is Bruce's. How would he say? Bruce. Rock Hudson. Okay. There you go. Well, Rock Hudson was he was in a lot of good. Very wise. A lot of those doors today. It was corny movies. I can't think of any that we're any good, but he was on McMillan and wife. Yeah. Remember those days? Sure. What Susan was it Susan St. James? I was St. James St. John one of those saints and people would watch that show and say, The other wife in a three days five six seven all 20 perkins had a wife. Eventually they eventually they aren't soonerally straight. Cross-brain. Hello. Yes sir. Hey buddy, how are you? Great. Great. And by the way, just you know, I think George was a fantastic job in your room. George is a phenomenal man. I think George is ready to take over the room right now. I'm about that, but you know, when you when you go to the great of beyond that, and we'll let him take over. And about an hour. Well, um, got a name for you. How much sir, and we can if. Alex, can I see then? Oh, yeah. Unfortunately, yeah. Bridge of the recliving. Worse man. Ben Kenobi and Star Wars. Oh yeah, he was a great. I mean, he was he wasn't just another pedestrian actor. He was like really distinguished. I love them and bridge over the recliving. Right. That's a great job in that. Excellent choice. Hey, take care of her. You're doing awesome. Thank you. Hey, wait a second. Yeah. You know anything about the recon surge that they come in back or we're looking again. No. No. What about just such. When George is on, right? Oh, sweet. Okay. Cool. But see you. Yeah, George invites such a command because he's not too crazy about having a rick in there. It's probably on the works for you to who would and weed. Right. 567. 560 pound five 60 23 minutes counting until those numbers. We're going across my facts machine. Pretty old queen. The old has been. And we'll see this who's got the big one. You know, I think that morning number's going to go quite a bit. And of course, we know who's going to be taking some of the credit. Absolutely. With his point one. Forget about it, Ma. We know where it's at. We know for else the one at school. And that morning sure up there, you're not getting nobody. He has a point. He won. He has a point. He won. He also has a herpetic scar on his forehead. 567.0560. Oh, here's a call from Tampa. It says hello. Hey, how are you doing? Okay. Good day. Article you were talking about with L.A. The strip club. You know that. Yeah. You think past that mall here in Tampa? Like eight months ago. You got to say six points. You don't even call. You got to say the girl. And in Tampa, even with some mud won place where you got all those strip clubs like mine. He's not like the boy club. That's not even father was that you know, they just paid the fine. They didn't read it once every three weeks. But the place is in the back. And for your poll, the winner, this should be your winner. Because I think he was a great. If that's Jack to police it. Jack, he's a police and who is in. Now, what was the movie he was in with Paul Newman? The hustler. The hustler. What are you doing? It's a thing. A robber rep or two. Exactly. Okay. Good choice, pal. Hi, man. T.M. D.L. Maybrie. See if the Donatello's. Is that still there in Tampa, Donatello? I'm sure it is. Jackie Gleason, the road toned one. 567.0560. Pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. A lot of pressure here today. Man John Wayne's in the lead in the netty pressing. Yeah. But again, we're asking. We're not seeing who is the best. Who is the greatest? No, we're saying, who is your all-time favorite dead actor actress and who the hell are we to make fun of that? Although I must say. Here's a call from Weston. Hello. You're Western. I wasn't. No, I'm sorry. That's okay. Don't be sorry. All right. Listen. I've always liked Humphrey Bogart. African Queen. You know, I love the movie. I've watched it many times. Can you me? Yeah. I've liked Humphrey Bogart. Okay. He's on. Thank you, sir. Oh, oh, two late. And what did I leave out? Always the one that Casablanca. Uncle Bright Vanna. Because it's overrated. Well, play it again, Sam. No. And I guess that isn't the line, huh? No, play it Sam. You played it for her to play for me. Right. So that's why they say play it again. Sam, but he never even said that. Just like why don't you come up and see me sometime. No, all these other lines that they just invent. You know, God. Amazing. I mean, you know, we're going to nitpick. Let's hear from accuracy. If you're going to do lines, right. Right. Do them right. That's what the president used to say. 567. 0560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Here's a call from Palm Beach, hello. Yes, sir. How about you all? For us. Somebody beat you by about 10 minutes. No kidding. Yeah, I'll see. I'll see you on 10 to midnight. 560 pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's for Latterdale. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you, Neil? Great. A couple of things. Somebody mentioned style. John Cazal. Right. It was also in what was the name of the deer hunter. Did you know that he was married? He was engaged to be married to Marl Streep and before the movie was finished, he died. How be Dan? I think, is that crazy? He died. He died. I think, Carrie Grant is good. Here's an all great hitch car movie. And what else? His girlfriend and the North by Northwest. Great. Is my favorite. Outstanding choice. Thank you. Bye. Talk smart. I like you, everybody. I know. I just want to speak. What's the difference between that one and I see. I'm really different. I can be funny. I'm like, John. I want to speak. You're who else I like? Do you know who I am? I'm low green. I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleader. I love more green. I don't have no idea what the actor's name was. He's probably a dead. I'll find out. Do you think? I mean, he didn't have a big part. I thought he was the perfect one. I love when he put those glasses on him. I'm low green. I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders. He was good. That's the one thing about the godfather. I want to say all three of them because he had Sophia and George Hamilton and the godfather of the ability. But the character is each character. See, that's why I love Magnolia so much. It's because they're like nine different stories there. And every character is like so amazing. And every acting performance is so sensational. And the same thing with the godfather. Every character was like worthwhile. There was no like wasted character who was just like, you know, the wallpaper. Even Mama Kualioni, Morgana King, she was great. Why but she she cooked up one hell of a bowl of pasta, you know? She looked like it. She looked like it. She looked like it. She didn't know. Enjoy it. I have a mirror pasta. Yeah, look like. Why do you know how it is? You know, cooking an eaten and tasting and sampling and eating and tasting and sampling? You know how that goes? Oh, fushine who are placed in a kitchen in the bedroom. Here's one about Kirit Grant, which we just put on. They're good timing. It says he was great comic actor. His girl Friday, the Philadelphia store bringing up baby, but he also played the Davener lead in drama North by Northwest, notorious and suspicion. Remember suspicion by Terry Stafford? Yes. Also for his time, he led one of the more obviously gay or bisexual lives he checked up with roommate Randolph Scott for several years across three different addresses. And the photo that they sent of them, I can't see the equality of it. I can't see the VTail. Can you? Nope. Are they like doing it? I think they're doing like do Easton. Oh, I want to picture. Anyway, Kirit Grant is on her. He was good. He was sensational. Outstanding. He was and well, so many. There's so many of these, which is good. A lot of dead people. 1113 at 5.60WQA. If you feel like you already died and went to hell because your job isn't worth a crap because you're not making any money and your spin in your wheels and going no place. How did you get yourself a new hot pan computer career and you can do it before the end of this year. Still. Call our friends at fast training and change your life in a positive way. Call it Loco. Are you a part of? Loco. Loco. Loco. Loco. Loco. Loco. Was Mokrin as he still alive? Don't know. They hit him with five shots and he's still alive. I love the way he said that. So let's go. They hit him with five shots and he's still alive. Well, that's sadness for me. And bad news for Sonny if he can't make that deal. Or when I was bad news for you, I've sent Sonny can't make that. Somebody. Anyway, call fast training. They can have it trained in certified before years in. The demand for computer professionals grow like crazy and there's no better time than right now. This moment to get yourself a new hot pan career. Fast train offers job placement assistance convenient day, evening weekend schedules and with six floor locations moving forward. South Florida does buddhi when you're by you. Fast train offers financial assistance for people to qualify. So call fast train today. It could be the most important call you made in a long time. Maybe the most important one you'll ever make. One eight six six fast train. That's one eight six fast train. No excuses to stay in the knit end job working for some schmuck no more. Check them on the web at fast train. Come in and call them toll free. One eight six six fast train. We're supposed to be your five six. You a M. Spark you want to know where the spark went? I used to think sex life. That's going to fit somewhere in between kids work, cleaning, straps, even if I wasn't a mood. I was just too tired. Well that was before I heard about Apple Mel. Give it to me. I tried it. I had passion. Yeah passion. Do me do me. You're scaring me. Come back here. Who'd have thought passion? You can run but you can't run. Introducing Apple Mel. The new non prescription one-stayley tablet. They just for us. I want to again. You heard my arm. This is how I really am. I'm back to being me. Make love to me. You just want me from this sex. The free 30 day sample cycle call or go online today. I still don't position. 119 at 560 W to Q and M in a pressure. I can smell it all the way up here. My god, it must be muff. Clarence. They're probably either doing a green apple quicks down all of each other. Or maybe more lift the egg on the ac. Penny Davis is Jake and four-laterdale. Did you always act that? Times. Oh, what we got at Jake. Like I said, good choice but lay off. Okay, we're going to. Yeah, calm down Jake. We got at Betty Davis. She was sent sensation. Forever happened to baby June. I realized that that was like late in her career. But the best part about that is that she and Joan Crawford were like rivals and a hated each other like poison. So Joan probably and Betty probably enjoyed it. I'll see. I'm trying to think of which was which. Betty was the evil one. Of course. Joan was the butch one. Joan. Oh, love no shoulder pads, John. All right. 560560. As you see this pool, I guess Eric is going to like once we get the ball game on the logo up there because they were doing like piecemeal. 94 votes on here. Who's your all-time favorite dead actor, actress John Wayne 21 Jack Lemon and Jimmy Stoody to have 14. George C Scott 10. Kate Hepburn, eight Merlin Monroe, six-year-old Flynn, six Jimmy Cagney five. Grace Kelly five, Humphrey Bogart, two Peter Finch, only one. Edward G. Robinson, Rock Hudson, one Jackie Least, no one have any yet. And a whole bunch of names that aren't on there yet. Like Peter Sele was in the middle of a ghost scene. People like that. Oh, I'm looking at all of them. And for your part, you are. Betty Davis lost what I emailed to him and there it is. Not on mine yet. What you must have just advanced to get them reload. Just now, I just reloaded it. And all of a sudden, Scourge score came back out again. How do 97 votes? Do you see bubble Lagosi on there? Die. No. No. You see Steve McQueen on there? No. Hey, Eric trick you facts. I thought some of them. I think we got a little bit of a problem here. What we have here is a failure to extrapolate. Yeah, this isn't a real show anyway. We just want the trends. Oh, I said it. We want the friends at a ballgame. I got 30 to pregame big beginning. The game of the season. The Marlins has to fill these. The Marlins who kicked their ass level at a four last night in Philadelphia. They moved it up from an Ikin to a dig in because of the storm because of Isabel. To which we say, thank you Isabel. I see. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, how are you doing? Pretty good. I don't know if that's your name. You know, guys like Sal and the guy father. Yeah. You know, he's like Sal and also another movie with Alpuccino if you remember. Don't take it off the afternoon. All right, Sal. But my goal for the poll is to call a father himself, Marlin Brando. Is that? I like a year and a half ago. Nobody told him. Nobody told him. Nobody told us either. Really? I already died. He's not a year and a half ago. Yeah, okay. Okay. Take two in Callos in a morning. Okay. Just keep taking whatever you're taking. Five six seven. Oh, five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line. They hit him with five shots and he's still alive. I don't like that. You can't kill Marlin. Here's Boca. Hello. You know, I have to somebody have to vote for somebody and I wanted to vote for me. I say my favorite actor who's dead. Ronald Reagan. He's also my favorite president who's dead. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing everybody? Pretty good. I'm actually enjoyed Anthony Quins work. I'm not necessarily from the era, but I didn't. Why do you say it like almost a pollogenically? He was a great actor. Yeah, sure was. Well, that's my point. You had a question. I just I had an opportunity to see the Godfather's second part from beginning to end. I always called glints of here and there. Could you explain to me exactly why the conspiracy that Hyman Rawrf had against Michael? I mean, even if they even after the fact that they wanted to go into business together, we're cute with the hotels and all. Why do you tend to get his life and I'll just hang up in this deal? Well, I mean, you know, why it always happened with the families. They're always trying to run white each other out. Just like why did Marlin Brando do the whiteed Michael do the thing. Why put out the heads of the five families? I'm a white boy. Yeah. Right. Right. They were just a little bit devious. Okay. Just a little bit too drag and his heels are the cube of thing. And even though he showed up with the suitcase full of money, Hyman knew that he wasn't really into it and he had removed Michael. Yeah. I just like Marlin Brando. Look, Godfather wasn't into the drum business because, you know, that white powder, it's dangerous stuff. Michael was an impediment. That's why Salatso had to get him out. Out of the way. So there's always something, you know? Always something with him gangster. 567.0560. Pound 560 Anthony Quinza Good Choice by the way is outstanding a brilliant actor. Not one of my favorites, but good. 166 votes on air and Peter Finstill has only one. Yeah. Something that's okay. The bottom. I wish they can something about the queen. I mean, it got a call to me for about rock Hudson. What? And of course, to show you. And then I'm going to go to give it myself calling me up by the popcorn kettle pink. And I'm thinking, why is it this? Just because this guy's a flamer, he's got a vote for rock Hudson. I mean, do I have to vote for somebody who's gay? And then I look at who did I vote for? Peter Finstill. Now he wasn't gay, but he did play in one of his best movies was Sunday Bloody Sunday where he played the gay doctor. Do you see that? No. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I don't know the kid, but I forgot everything about it. Wasn't that the ball blowing up for something? Football stadium? No, no, no. That was Sunday something else. Something else. No, that was Sunday Bloody Sunday was the one where they were both in love with his young guy. The broad was in love with him and the Peter Finstill used to us split the time and day. Oh, did see it. Have to see it. Sorry. Peter Finst was the fact doctor. And the guy he just came to him for a headache and he would grab his package and he said, okay, turn your head in the car. Jack lesson varies. Got a great column here. I don't think I don't think I have to have time to read on our website. The worst president in history. From the Detroit Metro Times, it says, I'm just reading a couple of paragraphs. A Canadian politician once told me that if you put a frog in a pot of water and slowly increased the temperature to agree at a time, Mr. Hoppy would be completely cooked before he realized anything was wrong. I have no idea whether that's actually true for amphibians, but does seem to be true for the American people. Without his adoration, George W. Bush, light blue ties, silly smirk and all is the worst president as nation has ever had. Yes, I know my history. Richard Nixon was an nasty crook. Warren Harding was a slob. U.S. grants him an estration was hugely corrupt and James Buchanan failed to do anything to stop his session. They were all bad, but no one is. Nobody has done as much to ruin the nation and mess up the world as to be formed, drunk in front boy who's daddy failed at the job before him. You can't play in the voters too much. Most of them didn't even want him. He had to be inserted into the awful office by right wing partisans on the US Supreme Court after the people narrowly chose Al Gore. And it goes on, it's on our website today. Jack lesson varies from the Detroit Metro Times, the worst president in history and he is a little bit correct. But it's done right on it. 26 past 11, you know what, it's going to be happen and after this break, don't you? Yeah. The favorite things, uh, everything is all over the all the machinery is greased and cooking and the bacon. 11 30 comes. We're going to get those trends coming off for better or worse. Anyway, VIP sportsbook, Dom's, uh, Dom's for better in your case because you don't have to worry about where your money's going. It's Florida's best sportsbook by far. And this time in here would football now well underway. Everybody in their brother wants your money. But 99% of these bookies are in the jungles of Costa Rica, Guatemala, Nierrawa. All these are the countries that you can't even find on a map. So this year, move up and plans to VIP sportsbook.com. The oldest, the largest sportsbook in the most prestigious stone out of their minds, Netherlands. 100% legal in license two. So listen to me and call VIP sportsbook.com right now at 1 866 VIP bets because beyond a shadow of a doubt, there's our Florida's best. Sign up now. You can get all bet all year long and South Florida's football and basketball teams use free. You want to bet on the dolphins? It's 100 to 100. You want to bet on the hurricanes? It's 100 to 100. So forget about the big all sound of skatey real honest goodness 20% cash bonus. Not some phony money match play bonus or some other gimmick. A real 20% cash sign up bonus. VIP sportsbook.com that's where you find online or column toll free at 1 866 VIP bets plunged your hearts content with confidence. 1 866 VIP bets be sure and tell me what about it here on QAM for VIP sportsbook.com or you are the VIP. Psychic prediction. GO MY My perceptionss are losers singing The world is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is What are those on the day~? What sort of things should you do living? All to you, humans? Tell us where we get to marry you What does that mean?! What does that mean?! Any second. Alex who's got a little bit of a problem loyal to regular facts. You're always seems They have well, I'd say by 99% of the time a little bit of a difficult time relating to our pool You always has a suggestion more often than not. It's Right for example that he says hi Neil for your poll today. How about Mr. television Milton Burrell? I got a better one. How about Dan Moreno? Okay? Right for our Johnny Olson Who's your all-time favorite dead actor actors? See I had to break the news to Alex Mr. television Milton Burrell was a Comedian Oh Was he an actor? No, was he in movie? No. He may have been in one similar long line he probably was but the answer is no So anyway, have a nice day Alex somebody says Richard Harris a very good choice Did I last year's matter fact? I Looked up just to make sure that October of last year October 25 I do believe Richard Harris another one of those Result Brits you know what I mean by the grizzled brissel There it is like Irish like Sean Catery allosh on Catery is still alive Hong Kong on I'm like 560560 pound 560 the Duke is in the lead which just isn't up to make me the Duke makes me puked Yeah John Wayne 28 Jimmy Stewart 19 jack lemon 14 George C Scott 12 Kate have per nine Errol Flynn seven Marilyn Monroe seven and the beat goes on is a pretty good list there right now We'll add to it another hour here to let ball game But of course we're just stalling around until it's first because anybody brought you a thing yet? What do you mean that no it's about 10 minutes? You know come on I got a roll off the facts that they get make a bunch of copies and then they come in here with our but we want to know right now Here's Fort Lauderdale hello hello. Yes, sir Yeah, who is he talking? And he Griffith was an actor. Yeah, I guess the television actor. Yeah He was your favorite actor Coff not favorite but he was a great one. Okay, well, I said I Haddy Griffith died didn't he? I don't think I'm thinking of buddy. I don't think Andy Griffith. I don't know now I spoke a lot of dope he could have died. No, what have you noticed peek my curiosity? Let me take a peek Put you know you got the death site or something. No, I'm just going to Andy Griffith a little say right away See you don't do enough searches man. I've been searching for a long time Oh, I believe me and it usually pays off Andy Griffith go ask Alisson video whatever that means Andy Griffith show on it. Let me see The matte lock page but it was a badge already show he was on was a badge show you one and a white because he was on it He was on it. That's a good guess The facts credits. Well, let's see the facts Andy Griffith Born June first he's not dead He's not dead and additionally to guys as well. He's one of my Well, he did die. Did he? No, oh, his son died his son died January 17th, 1996 Who the hell was he? Andrew Samuel and Griffith a real estate developer. He died But Andy still going strong his wife is Barbara Griffith and There's he's she's still alive too. How do you like that? That's as much as you all while I want to know about Andy Griffith He's not dead. He's probably thinking of buddy. Epson maybe don't you think I mean this is a lot of similarity there Thank you here here's the no Wait, let me go I got unstable on tell those people that the table in the go and I got a staple in the facts Miami Pretty good all right buddy. Listen now. I was talking about Carol O'Connor. Oh my god. How could we elect him out? I know man. He's the best in my opinion You know something if I had a chance I'd change my vote. Thanks a lot, Pally my pleasure. Okay I mean just the side of the toilet flushing at all in the family. That's what we have to make up our mind Do you want me to process in facts numbers or process into email Eric names the additions to the poll? What about the great horse and well somebody says that's a good one? I beg you pardon? Well the numbers come first we can always like you know and on the last ones for the poll like it about 12 No one else is recording These names That me yeah So they could say that all the names they want if I don't stop what I'm doing But I'm writing them down. I'm doing okay all right then haha say there you go. You have little faith problem You think I'm just sitting here did you want myself? I didn't want to think about that. I do have my underwear. I'm but I did not know Okay, they come a very short. I'm just gonna Faction just facts don't worry about sorting. Okay. Don't there be a lot of sorts? I might We might want to keep what's his name on it on the whatever's name is Scott Because somebody's gonna blurt something out here on this thing. I just know it. I'm the five-play boy TV and this is great for what it's worth But somebody's gonna say something and then with nobody paying attention but I've been in a have done our orphan wells Carol O'Connor the great great Carol O'Connor and people say well what though was he and how about in the heat of the night on TV? Right right and all in the family he was an actor on that we did not saying just in the movies although primarily we would think but and he was in movies sure Carol O'Connor I can't think of one right at the moment. Oh and speaking of in the movies and and how about Rob Rodd's stiger Is he dead? I don't think he is he's not I don't think so. I love Rodd's stiger man I sure hope he's still alive just for his sake. I think you may have a point. I think he I'm checking it right now Rodd's stiger It says they hit him with five shots and he's still I don't know Right I'm D.B. Boy, is it was he great? date of death July 9th 2002 Wow Just a short time ago and like a year ago and you forgot already. He's still warm shame on you So he died Rodd's there I told you so get him on a list right away Rodd's stiger was so great so outstanding He may be the definitive name on there. You know Stations number one, many 18 plus I mean I realize he's no indie grip it. Well now I see that you're spoiling it Oh, I'm a little dr. I can't contain myself you're spoiling it Just all issues are really good one are really good one Let's see I was gonna suggest Lee J. Cobbs has somebody but when you miss Bill McCollum and you're nerd pool I have to wonder just how relevant these pools are there is relevant as you want to be you have done the column nerd you're right That how could we leave him out nobody remember so that was Lee J. Cobb there is my choice. I'm changing my vote if I could I Love Lee J. Cobb because the question is not the best, but who was your all-time favorite that actor actors? I love Lee J. Cobb father per noyan He was great. He was real and the excesses. I mean on the waterfront, right? Right? Ha ha they don't make him like Lee J. Cobb no mo. Yeah, why you do this to me, Jimmy? Life look at that is that pathetic or what what is this 12 plus a midday? I didn't mean look I just stuck him in the machine. Oh, you could sort of well we don't care about 12 plus I'm a show But we better start seeing that there's somewhere would be good. Okay. Look at that life 7.5. Well, that's depressing Q AM 3 4 3 4 12 plus well That's a mean was Flat Nobody cares about 12 plus I tell you that right now. We always tell you that because nobody with a brain in this business Here's about the 12 plus because it includes our little punky kids it includes teenagers it includes old people Nobody age of 100 we don't care about them. I mean we you know wish them well Okay, let's do the break and then we'll like us start sorting to these things will find some will make up some good numbers No Yes, you have a back. I need to light my shoes That Your life is worth the taking For my religious reason why With a bomb on my feet I'll go to wet spot on your seats I'll do my life I'm an outsider Right, you can win this up I'm in my shoe I'll lie down I'll be now What a wonderful way to do I'll be there's way No You should go I'll fight you I'll fight you I'll be there Okay, 1046 In other words about 16 minutes now And all this stuff and I have nothing in my hand It really means anything Except the amend number to just start a company team plus oh Well, because the first we get saddle with all that trust Plus crap and nobody cares About 12 plus Even people are like in the way up there And 12 plus because it means like the whole audience You know who the hell cares about that Well, it's almost done facts and everything Okay, well anyway Here's a many team plus guess what stations number one over all the whole week We're number one Deming All right Wow, that's a shocker Guess who's number one in a midday And men We're number one Deming And when I'm considerably you know what a lot of that's George How do you people I want to rip George and ask nice going George You a little spick Anyway, 6 to 10 a.m. Now you know what's the increase in the morning there? That's Scott, that's for real baby That's Scott, big novice take a moth Isn't it pretty doubt? Absolutely not Because the morning when and men from Three nine times for seven to six to four point three Which may not sound like a whole lot But believe me That's only in one month When that whole summer book comes up And it's going to be Dino might Am I right? Right Time for six with I would be which is dropping out like a rock with who to do it Oh, this is good This is good stuff We like this then we'll see in the afternoon about the overall A station which means maybe some bonus money coming out of the summer book to change In spite of George, I mean thanks to George Phenomenal This is the kind of stuff that we this is what we live for ladies and gentlemen This is what we have to tolerate this is what we have to put up with It's all like an exact that best and best In exact okay, it's all a bunch of crap You know what it is Nice gone Scott You demand baby Morning's 3.9 up to a 4.3 So that's like 8.6 So I bet you like for else got an 8 and moth got the 0.6 Absolutely Yeah, right You know how that works? You just take the number and double it for the four hours And then you do you know then you figure it out Right See how I do it No, I don't want to see how you do it No, no, seriously 4.3 so that's 8.6 points Between the 2 to our segments between the 2 to 2 Between most 2 to 2 and 2 pay So there's 8.6 there so maybe most got like a 1.6 and for else got a 7 Or something like that Or the other way around Or yeah, right the other way around my ass Man, you know what? Oh, that's a long way around Yeah Midday WDQA I'm from a 6.4 I made June and July June and July and August 6.8 Not only number one but number one because of the fact we're back 10 to 2 And because George did a damn good job And because I was still doing 2 to 3 days for whatever Once your reasons you want to put in there Okay, I O.D. 6.4 They're second In men in midday Life Life Oh, low CMQ WMB men and black they're doing it Powers doing it Powers kicking ass man Yeah, he's back there Okay, Chris back there just just did it with himself Yeah, we're doing it We're doing it on a phone with Tanner right now They're probably doing it on the phone Oh, let's see, here's one of best of me All right, is this today we're doing the thing? Yes Oh, we're doing Mark. Oh, getting a headache Thinking about that We only raised 840 bucks yesterday We nearly had a rainout in the thing in the van And I don't have a total. I have no numbers This has to go Well, they got him be he's the runner today Yeah, but he run get it out Good. This is not good. I totally that yesterday just a slip shot Our best in the number tonight has been available for over a month now And we got like 20 I don't know what we got because in on 25 grand But we don't have the we raise only 240 bucks yesterday The best in the it would join Mark at singular wireless Disapted on between 4 and 6 16832 North Canville Drive So go see Joe Custell or Mark Eisenberg And say hey guys, how come your number sucks so bad and give us some of that best in the You'll still forgot some money for you for a band of Parisq Don't forget Hank will be on after the ball game today's got Bino Cook between five and six on a show You got the big seven to ten tonight Eddie K follows that and Joe Mark overnight will be like I said where it's going to be I don't see anything else coming off the machine Don't think that's it What wouldn't mean that's it That's all they've given me Well, where it helps all the rest of it. I'm sure the Humper would like to know how he done What's going to hurt Yeah, you didn't get the three to sevens. No, I did no. Oh, I have ten to three. I have six to ten and a.m I don't got no three to seven p.m. The Humper is probably listening right now He's hanging the edge of his sack My grabbing his sack waiting to hear how he did which I'm sure will do just for all the chaos It's slipped well don't be slipping it through the crack. Okay 560 50 50 50 pound five 60 on a AT and T line his plantation hello Plantation Is gone well we have wait a long time too bad. Here's Miami. Hello Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah John can be John candy is a magnificent choice. Oh, thank you. Thanks pal Talk a we believe him out the fat people are the dead people You know that would have been a good one too. Who's your favorite fat? Act your actress that would be good some day keep that in mind. Long list. Is it what they John Balushi? Yeah John candy horse and wells or some wells was humongous Raymond Burr More than Brando Why I'm just giving you some idea for like next time like Monday or whenever you wanted to George won't be on Monday unless I'm sick I might be on my IBS is killing me the irritable ballad. You know you got that hurricane. You know Oh, we got Isabelle. He's developed the tennis is a rain and look at that in Virginia beach. I guess they didn't hear Robert's in the Lord wasn't paying attention But we're gonna be staying here. That Robertson was praying yesterday to God to turn it away from Virginia beach turn that baby off into the Atlantic did it work No, you're bogus pat your full of crap and everybody knows it except all those lemons those old ladies who keep sending it all their money Keep putting him in his well Charles Taylor probably stole all the diamonds. Okay, here's look at that nice going hyper All right Happy is number one and he afternoon along with the amad dog in the three to four. I don't leave him off he in small potatoes They had a 5.9 in the last round there are six points and number one See all of that the Schmidt stuff I mean Schmidt's a tie for three, but he's down from a five five to a five point So in a humble and amad dog there. We got good combos going now. We got our time slot back finally after a year and a half of being dicked around now We can just do something to fix five eight in the morning. We'll have it looked I'm listening Yeah, you sure are you know if her guy that doesn't listen to the show. We know is chapter and verse everything I'm talking about Neil says this to me are I must there by name a Zillion times this morning about 30 minutes Which is okay with me. Well keep it up whatever you want whatever. I feel good time on that show. Would you like the 18 to 34 numbers? No, why do we want that just ask an addition which their persons right? Just in the trends. We don't get them we don't get to break it. I don't want that Don't always any of our facts paper anymore of your time. Okay. This we got the big fish to fry here So the hump or let's see power 96 went Well they were second, but they went up to a five seven number two and many 18 plus and the afternoon. How do you like that? How about persons 25 54? Shower power. Oh, we sure want that. Yeah, how we sure is how want that eh? 567.0560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. So we survive another month as we continue to over and over again 1. Dammit. Let me say again for all new people who hate George like poisoned and of course that's a great many of you believe me how many thousand Well, I think it's more than that, but at any rate you can pee on him all you want, but in the meantime the little space still did a hell of a job The summer and Greg ought to be coming in your panty when it had right now saying good job you little back Hater like poison. Mo had a good point, but good work. Now he really ought to be clear number one Second crack, Greg. Here's Miami. Hello. Oh yes sir. Yes, I am. Okay, I got to do important Big goodly eyes of self. Marty told me is your all time favorite dead actor. Oh He's good. No, no, no perfect. No, I was perfect because I know that he's full of cramp. He's not his all time favorite dead actor I mean, this is not a difficult question. Not who did you like you know, I mean we can do that for this five three years. Come on whole contract No, but what question you ask it's all right, they just make it up as a goal read my freaking lips. Okay, look out work for Bush senior Who is your all time favorite dead actor or actress? That's all not somebody who is well pretty good The name of the game is name of name one name. It's so simple and they still can't even do that sure I thank you so much profusely for making a fee. I mean attempt. Don't forget by the way See this this was great. Oh, and of course then when we get the whole summer book out, and I think there's no question. I think we're in. I think we got to lick. You know right I think we're going to be looking at in fact the summer book ended yesterday. Right. We began. We're out of the wood Lijacob John Candy. Let me can I give you the ones that look at I put Orson pulls But he does I really did not not name or you don't horse and pulls my answer Orson wells was right after terrible time russ stagger Rijac boy leaving Scott got ended it up man maybe like some pictures Go we missed the booth and I've been with him to the dwell on now Oh, yeah, you too well go the have a good day of paradise some game I get lost your fucking apartment Yeah, that's right star a stage screen and paradise say you look like what jamblin that's go Is world jiblin you ever enjoyed that? So are you right there? Oh, what for why I said keep what do you what do you what do you what you were going to take take Let's go to my paradise What do you require me I require you drop your pants now now see here Okay, I'm a trunk here. That's nice. I said went over See that's kind of nice Oh, yeah go on don't I get it did it? 122560 WQM on a highway didn't he around your show? Let's see look at it in the person's 2554 in a morning We went from a two to two to a 2.6 that's persons men and women So you just about double that okay right right Or maybe we went from a four one to a four point five so you just about double that so you get like a eight something there Right right So for us really doing nice God's got you're kicking it up because the way I'm looking at it in men here Well, let's see men in the morning 18 plus Howard sperm 6.2 is same as the last trend number one Okay, I Radio Mumbi wacky radio 5.1 number two almost no change. I want to pretend to have a point Zeta Paul and Ron We have none of their listeners listening to us. We found out the other day They went from fifth 4.5 share to a 4.7 number three in men, but that's in our crowd our crowd hates them like poison Followed by how 105 radio on more and then our our guy. I mean our guys your guy My guy. Yeah the moment and My guy Scott Yeah, you've never credit for Howard now take credit for Scott. How's it all right? We'll spread it around a little bit And I'm looking at the nice job that PD Boulder is doing over there at Not at Schloss sportsman with a fractions point four is in point there. What what's the point? Point nine what's the point 50,000 watts in the middle of the dial PD Boulder demand the people of the WI and Z made it into like a ghost town 50,000 watts the best A and signal in the state of Florida and they can't crack a one share Well, let me let me take a look. Let me make sure about that, okay? Because if they're gonna do it any day part it would be an amid day when they got a ro me on you know or homie ro me You find it yet no they might actually have broken a one share in a midday in men WRFX a 1.7 the send us the last time 1.7 with a highly touted ro me Well, that's a consistent number we can sell and that's And that's their big number of the day nice gone PD Boulder you sad sack you pathetic Axe murder you you grave robber you derelict you scumbag You piece of walking puke you How's the pull coming see we're kind of like side-of-all these ratings doing it. Oh, we got a lot of heavy duty heavy This is going on. Oh, now my I'm out of paper one moment. Oh no problem As amazing because we just seen how much paper I janned in air this morning knowing that all this stuff is coming down That's shocking Okay, the poor who's your favorite all-time dead actor or actress John Wayne 34. I'm astonished Jimmy Stewart 20 jack lemon 17 George He's got 15 hundred Bogart 12 Jackie Gleason 12 Catherine Hepburn 12 Maryland Monroe steam McQueen and Bruce Lee each have 10 Nine for air-flin carry Grant Peter sellers has six elegness six Grace Kelly six Jimmy Cagney five Anthony Quinn Carol O'Connor and John candy. You have three rock cousins got a pair They're kind of wrinkly though Walter Mathaus got two Bella Legosi's got two Charles Bronson Peter fish and baby Davis needs to have a pair Somebody else voted for Peter French. Let's hear thank you. You have good taste Edwards he Robinson Richard Harris each have one no votes yet out of turn in 16 for John Kazal carry Grant Orson Wells Rods dagger or Lee J. Cobb shame on you shame on you people I'm just I'm astonished and amazed ain't you? Nope Go ahead. Let me take a look at this 2554. What is this so what's happening here? Do we look at this? I didn't look at it. I just stuck it in there Yeah, I just got through reading it moments ago. I told you in the morning in the morning they went from something to something From point eight to point B. Well, I don't know what that we did they went up You find it yet Nope It's from a two to two to a 2.6 and there's nothing worse to have it a two to people start talking about it What kind of a neighbor's up or dog especially if you're worried in public a two to but now it's a two six Thanks to Scott nice gone say he's dragging the old man up. That's persons 2554 and an immediate person's 2554 from a from ninth A 4.1 to fourth of 4.5 see that right now that we got our midday slot back now that the two dicken around with us Because Greg screwed up the morning showing the first place, but all them got them spots in there that they had for for our good close personal friends Joe and Depot and guilty at least two out of the three 560 560 pound 560 on a AT&T line here's Miami. Hello. Why is he so miserable? Okay, we have to get him in there at least once today the the whisperer before we get out of here Because assholes like you call me every single day. That's probably why you ever think about that Start thinking about it Here's Bokeh. Hello Hello Neil. How are you doing? Pretty good. How about Elvis Presley? He's my favorite Yeah Elvis he made all those terrible movies. Okay. Well, the guys that took a real man to admit that didn't it It took a man's man to admit that that Elvis the king is his favorite made some of the worst movies in the history of mankind Even the king would agree with that. He could today 7 minutes past no but at hurricane the big blow was going in the outer banks of North Carolina Yeah, we're struggling here. It's raining real hard. Wow. They're getting all wet Right you homemade evolutionary. Hey guys, if you're like got a big ball spot If you got a crazy umbrella close because you might get those spattering on your shiny balls spot Charles out theories The guy who can help you out he can get your hair back and I'm talking about a real great looking head air Not a dead weasel or musk read on your head. Nobody wants to walk around having everybody laugh and Adam all the time Because they have a mouse you've looking peace Charlie's got the latest technology going that natural hairline system and like I said in a matter of how much you spend you can't get a better looking head air Which is why even the minnners go to Charles out here. He's been doing it for over 25 years and you have nothing to lose But that big shiny shini ball spot because everybody gets Charlie's 30-day guarantee Where the piece for 30 days if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells if you're not getting Fuddled and squeezed and grabbed all the time Charlie give you a full refund call today Take advantage of your $200 or any larger discountes for having the balls to mention my name and Charlie also services and repairs all taxing Her systems while you wait for only 25 to 30 bucks So calm toll free and give her that ball spot and change your life look better and younger than you ever dreamed you could again 1-800-3-212413 1-800-3-212413 A log on that worldwide the famous website Charles Alfieri.com   trumental Quiarch,yself New existing Jean Colleague Joogiona Charles Okay. Okay. Yeah, the medical marriage we're in here got a lot of the people upset. They said it's suck. It wasn't fit for human smoking and sucking on and consumption. That's right. Right. That's what they said. Well, too bad. Anyway, who loves you? Maybe tell us about somebody's suggestion. Of course we'll put a monitor immediately. Not sooner. Even though you didn't like him because it was a cop show. But in personal against him though. No, he's going to be a robber. Chalbee on her. Our chronic facts are who is now factoring every day and I've assessed as robber. Chalbee was awesome as Captain Quint in jaws. And in the movie, the deep as well. Robert Chalbee. Where's Bob Lashitor would say? Oh, Pasha. Did he say that? Which is probably wise not on a year normal. Uh-huh. That's one of the many reasons. Plus the fact he was terminal and depressing in that. Right. He kissed him. Not probably didn't kiss enough. So there you go. Robert Chalbee. How's that thing coming? John Wayne looks like he's home free. He's home free. He's uh, cooled out. Back in the estals again with his favorite house, old Mary and Wayne. 560560 on the AT&T line. So the bottom line is, oh look at his 23,000 for it in 30 as a right now for our best of the campaign for our banded Parisque. That's pretty a week. Oh, look at it. Let's still. And we better have 25 grand by the end of this week. Or I'm going to be really porked off. Which means we got 1570 to go. Oh, we can do that. Well, I think we can probably do the 70. Would you on mark this afternoon? Right. Oh, we got a Harley-yout thing tomorrow 3 to 5 with me. Right. Well, we still got a tough road to hope because tomorrow's Friday last time I checked. We know it. You'll have all the best in the Elmerch and Dyson, including the more Howard David. That's a little bit. We've seen it in our CDs with Joe and Mark at singular wireless 4 to 6 this afternoon. 16832 North Kendall Drive. We want your money for a banded Parisque. It's a great cause if you want to read about them. Go on our website and read all about it. Now, get in back to these numbers again. Which we always do because we're a number intensive or obsessed with this. Because this is what we have to live with folks. This is what makes for breaks. We're number one. I'm looking at this in men. Okay. That's our target demo. We're number one in men in the midday by good margin. We went up. Went up a little bit and they have to do number one in men. Right. Nice car. Mad dog and hopper. Nice car, guys. But in the morning. We still have a little work to do. Frel is working frantically. But keep in mind, he's only half the load. Right there. Squarch. Yeah. Only half a load. He's carrying a heavy, heavy old load. Which is a problem. Because when you go from a 39 to a 4 3 in one month and you're up to 8.6 points in here. He's probably got about 8 of them and the other one's got a 0.6. Absolutely. Man, he's gonna have to have a tractor. Burgess Meredith who died 1997. That's a good one. I like Burgess Meredith the penguin. White bear with it. It always is an Russian course. Everybody remembers Burgess Meredith from Rocky. Even though I hated that movie like poison. It harms way. Grumpy old men. The Batman TV series of course the penguin. Thank you Doug. Burgess Meredith. Get him on there immediately. Not sooner. Anyway, getting back. So like we need a little while we need to continue creeping and climbing up in the morning. That's the deal. Okay. That's continues to be. Now what about nighttime? How did the marlins do? Did you look at seven to midnight and men or do you'd like to ignore it? Oh no. I glassed at it. You've planned, Stan. I don't think I even have it here. You don't have it? Four oh two seven. Yeah. Yeah. Night. Time for night. Four oh two four two. That's the marlin fact to begin. Right. Oh by the way, democrat pulls us as bush in over his head. Nearly half of Americans say president pushes in over his head according to a new survey by democrat democracy core. The polling and strategy firm founded by the ball James Carville and two other key democratic strategies. Mr. Carville, Bob Schrumman Stanley Greenberg told reporters yesterday that only is the post 911 boost from Mr. Bush over, but the president is arguably in the worst position now than in the summer 2001. He's convincing people that he's uncertain about what to do Mr. Schrum said. Mr. Schrum discussing the shrub. He is at one of the same time blustering and threatening and shooting off his mouth but on the other hand, doesn't have any idea what to do. How do you like that? He's in over his head. El Presidente. Well said, I think. Over here, we got the big ball game coming up to 1230. Are we upset about that? No, we're pretty pleased about that. That's the reward we get for habitable. Here's a lady in Daniel. Hello. Yes, ma'am. This is Valerie from Daniel. Pretty good. Valerie, how you doing? Wonderful. Thank you. I'd like to nominate you, Brenner. Well, that's good. I'd like to say a quick hello to my husband who's working hard on a deck. I love no. Okay. Thanks a lot. He's working hard on a white or deck. I think that's what you say. You will Brenner another ball guy. I want to ball guys. Okay. Your favorite ball actor, your favorite fat actor actress. Okay. Just make a mental note of these. Okay. Just the storm away for a rainy day. Like in a few weeks. 560560, pound 560 on the AT. See, you'll Brenner was good. But the king and I do a thing I can recall him from. Do you remember anything else he was in? What the world? The what? Westworld. He planned a world. With Richard Benjamin. Mm-hmm. I think he was staying out of Westland too. He used to live in DCP and he was also in some like the last warrior or something like that some doomsday movie he was a knife stabbing guy. I'll be damned. A backstab or he should have been in a radio business. That's what Mohitz said. Absolutely. By the way, you're an asshole. Not you, Moh. Well, that's be said to, but the beast. That that sucking up to Zagaki. He's a great play by a playman. You know, that was so that may have been the most outrageous, ridiculous suck I've ever heard or been involved with in my life. You know, everybody likes a little suck, but nobody likes a suck hole. Beast. I wanted a head-hand. Here's plantation. Hello. Plantation. Hello. Yes sir. Neil. Yes, I am. How are you doing? Good. How about the McQueen? He's already on there. Oh, he's probably got some votes. He does? Yep. He's got, he's got 11 votes. Okay. That was my vote. Okay. Thanks. And I was one of the early ones somebody called and so he probably didn't hear it. He's probably like all the emotional after hearing about those numbers. I don't know. And I know there's a segment of the audience. Oh, you know who cares about those rate? Well, that's like I said. That's it. This is the definitive place where all the people in the business go. Of course, I really give it short trip. I didn't meet anybody else's numbers too much. It's a Howard sperm. But do we really care about anybody else's number? Except our good colleagues and friends on a radio station? Not really. No. Not all that much. Like men in the morning, I OD went from a 46-dot of a 43. That's one I left out. The Schmidt-Mister from a 55-to-a-five. I'm dropping from second to third. You turn. See all of that right wing crap. The rack attacks that that's starting to like fade into oblivion now. Here's North Miami. Hello. You heard. Good afternoon. How you doing? All right. Everybody has mentioned him so far, but he died very recently to kill a mockingbird, Gregory Peck. Oh my god. How can we? That's sacrilegious. Thank God you got him before we ended this thing. Hey. And I would love to see if the whisper and people there would jump off the same bridge together. I'd paid a watch. Hey, man. Thanks, pal. Thank you, sir. Gregory Peck. Did you just die as your walt to go? Same. Wasn't it the same day or just with him? Kate Hipper? They're about to get back. And it took almost to the end of this experiment here. The sex size for somebody to finally have the decent ZDC to call in more of the great, great great actors in the history of mankind. That's he was. Gregory's Peck. To kill a mockingbird. Who's that other one? The other big one. The exorcist? Oh, actually he was an old man. Of the old man. That's the old man. The other thing. You know, double, double movie. Yeah, double, double. John Wayne's got 40 Jimmy Stewart's got 20. So he's double his nearest competitor to the Duke. You can't touch the Duke, baby. And who'd he would want to? Humphrey Bogart 18, Jack Lemon's 17, George C Scott 15, Kate Hipper and 14. You know, it's the trend here. The macho people are way up there including Kate Hipper and God was she butch. You know, it's Bruce Lee 13. Jack, he leaves in 12 merlot in my role. 11. I'll do the double. Did you want to see the queen. Kevin, Greg Grant 10, John, candy, 10 Peter, cell. You know this. Kate Hipper and son, everybody. You know who is not on there with pleases me. Oh, and I'm not going to put out. We don't have to put them on there. Spencer, Tracy. Oh, the wince you. Yeah. We're like I tell you. You're overrated. Always was playing Spencer, Tracy. Right. Guess who's coming to dinner. Oh, it looks like Spencer, Tracy. Guess who's playing Dr. Jack on this. Right. It was always the same person. Maybe I'm wrong. Call me crazy, but I'm just another Spencer, Tracy fan. 23 past noon at 5. 60 WQM, the pressure of the ratings is over now. We came through that with flying colors now. We've got the ballons got to come through and knock off the fillets today, which would be a real gigantic humongous step in the Ilinana wild card. It's like dizzy wall over here, like 97 revisited. Right now announcing a big 2003 New Roger's blowout share. Let's go on right now at Hell at Pontiac GMC. Get yourself the lowest prices in town from a good friend's town limit in Joe Prieto. All the other claim over there. Neil theil number one, save up to seven grand with the highest rebates of the year, plus deep, deep discounts, wait on your pants. Neil theil number two, gets 0% financing for up to five years. And listen to this. At Hell at you can lease a 2003 Pontiac Grand Prix GT2 for the Paul Presum of just 279 bucks a month or 36 months, with 12,000 miles here and you have only $2,000 out of pocket. That's correct only 279 bucks a month. Hell it's also got great deals on you, cons and analyses too. And as always, Hell it's got a great selection of defend and dependable, defendable, pre-owned card structures SUVs. And if you're one of those many, many people out there is a little bit nervous when you go into shop for vehicle because maybe there's a blemish or two or three or a mole on your credit record. Don't worry, it's never a problem in Hell at because they want to cut you deal. It's the big 2003 Neil Rogers blowout sale and is going on right now at Hell at Potty Act GMC 134-01-Sont Fixie Highway that's who I just want to cross from the falls. Open every day seven days a week. If you want more information on any of these deals, just call the Neil Healt Line. It's a toll-free call. One Triple 8-534-441. That's one Triple 8-534-441. I don't forget all Neil deals, some did to credit approval, Sierra Prince and Hell at Fortitails. That's at Hell at Potty Act GMC, who be professional grade. Five and a local businesses, five six years. Bring your own yours down. No, no, no, no, no. You ain't in. There number one, baby. Now that he is only to give him here on earth, he's got the nerve to know where he is. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Your teeth won't even help you be a big change. You're gonna feel the burn you'll feel the pain, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The loud teeth dance to passing clues. Once upon a time, you were black and blue, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I feel it. You're the morning deal I hear you curse. You won't be a misdemeanor. You're the best, even if you'll get them straight in. You're much better now, be waiting till they're down the phone for the Easter. Me, Tim, where the heavy fire of your area for our number one. Let's watch the day you're out here. Okay, we got to Marlon's in a village, fellow. I'm gonna provide you some regulations to all of us except you know who that's. Good. For a great trip. Pick a hand. I should go on George. I'm sorry. I should go on Neil. Thank you. That's so much in my queue. All we're fine.