Good. But isn't that right, Bobby? No, she doesn't have it. That's not true at all. Don't you don't have a penis? It's an underdeveloped penis. That's what I was telling when I was a small child. Bobby, isn't it a fact that it's really a fake child? You were telling a small child. You said that you were a hamacre die. I was told a lot of things when I was a small child. So were you lied to Bobby? I don't think I was lied to about my past, no, not that. Did you live your life in your early and formative years as a woman? Yes. And it is totally... It is totally my whole life. What did you say? Health. I was a wonder. I'm a very polite person. I've always been a jeans and t-shirt like that. I wonder when it could unclose. I look like a die. I wonder if I, the way I wear my hair, people are going to think I'm a die. I wonder what people are thinking about. They're not going to hell on their health. Did I let this happen to me? How could I do this? I'm a little bit gay. I'm a gay. I'm a gay. Everybody do die. I'm a gay. Everybody do die. Everybody do die. Everybody do die. Everybody do die. Everybody do die. Everybody do die. Everybody do die. Everybody do die. Everybody do die. Everybody do die. Everybody do die. Everybody do die. Everybody do die. Everybody do die. Everybody do die. Everybody do die. Everybody do die. Everybody do die. Everybody do die. Everybody do die. I hope I hope I hope I hope It was so stressful that when I saved my money, oh I hate this money and I did it for the next five, so much better than you. in her rather real jerk a real asshole and exploiting human misery. He started taking himself so seriously running over to Afghanistan with a little uh... pee shooter his whatever he's got. What an idiot. Is that what he's calling? He's got a little pee shooter is what he's got. Squirt score at her rather. Anyway, so it's big and a pee shooter. So is that bimbo that everybody run up and down the hallway this morning? The back of the retent. The more QAM QD, the bachelorette. What's your name? Trieste. Trieste. Tanya. Yeah. And what's your story? You tell me? No, I mean did you see her? No. So in other words, her story must not be too much. I'll tell you she must have some story because Miguel was in your squeeze in it. He was like jumping up and down high prevent-lating hump in the door knob over there. Well, they know he's talking about. She's the only way to know he's like in the way. Like in the way. Actually work together. They were. And then screw in. Of course anytime any sex podcast comes in here of any variety. She's marching a whole, uh, a sales staff up and on a haul. Both of them. Well, they're not too many less than anymore. You don't understand. I know. Yeah. That was, it was a short parade. So anyway, muff opens up the door with his luck. Just as I'm playing his thing, everything it is. Rome has been dicked with over the weekend. I don't know. We know just they won't stop. Must have been the power outage even though that doesn't turn not out. No, that doesn't turn knobs. And it certainly don't change the bank on the 360 clearance. But thanks for your eye check. That's all accounts. I can go home. Clarence is the best. You know, I've always said that about him. Even though he can't get laid. How about, uh, what's your name? Tristan. Tristan. What ever do I have in our name is? Not so much. Not so much. Not so much. I don't know. I've never seen it. If you thought she was on you to be the first one in the haul. Were you not going to go right on the guy damn floor? Right. And you never made a move from that chair. So that tells me a lot. And the fact number two, as she was a QM QD, uh, that tells me everything I need to know. Yeah, about his QD is Carl's ass. Oh, God. We're a hands-selected by Sam. Oh. Why did you have to ruin my win? George wants to apologize for a lot of crap that he said last week on the air. I will let you. I got another great book by the way. I don't know why I waste my time given all these books on the air. Because I don't know if anybody ever reads them. You think that they ever do? No one. Ha ha. Anybody? No one. Not one. Come on. Somebody calling. Tell me you once bought a book that I recommend it on the show. Oh, all the time about the affair well to God. Right. Must have given her. I'll be going right. Then he had the nerve going ahead and dying. Then nerve. Not in some. I must be it. But blinded by the right. If you have a redness book yet by David Brock. Oh, and by the way, my good friend Lynn, I hate to break the new. Was she already in Shreno's. That he outs misdrozen here toward the end of the book. I mean, big time. It like nothing that it's any surprise. But I still don't understand that. It's like Jews for Hitler, self-hating, Fags, right wing Fags. I don't get that. Anyway, got another great book. Boy, it is freezing in here. Doesn't say it on the thing in there. It burns you. Huh? It was a little chilly when I came in here. But I thought it was me. And Carlos is always cold because of that. There's something in the year here. Now remember on Friday, they were pumping into poison gas. And I think today they got to crank that big time. Maybe that's why they had everybody who was in here dicken around all weekend. And it must have the door wide open for the crew. That was in here. Anyway, here's a great book. What liberal media is the name of it? The truth about bias and news by Eric Alterman. Hey, Bernie Goldberg. Let me see what he's saying about him. He's an asshole. Did I tell you? For our girl burger TV. I guess nobody ever took Bernie seriously enough. He used to do all those pop pieces. So he had to decide to spill the beans about the liberal media. Well, it's nonsense. This book is great. Eric Alterman. In fact, there's a chapter 13 that really conservative media. I might actually read like one page. Oh, don't be reading out here again. Why the hell not? I don't see anybody calling the city that they bought a book that I recommended. WQAM. Hello. I don't tell me the phone is screwed up too. Because that would be the ultimate. There you go. What do you mean there I go? Oh boy. There wasn't the on. What was nobody on there now? Well, not all of the buttons were. Hello. WQAM. WN is the as. Maybe they need to press their button too. Come a stye. Okay, they're not there anymore. That was my fault. It was your fault for whatever. So whatever tick with the board in there. And no matter how many times we say this, if they just, you know, between Clarence and Muffin, we don't like that. If locks the doors, put a padlock on there, keep these assholes out of here. Okay. I heard it was Vlad was in here dicken around with stuff. I don't even know who the hell that is. Which one is that Vlad is the black one? Oh, well. What can I say about that? See you're starting to put that again. I guess what color his skin was. I would tell you know which one he is. I don't know which one he is. So he's our token here. I could have said he's the really good dancer. So that let me say it again, blinded by the right all of that stuff about an E.D. Hill. The Clarence Thomas business. It's this book is just unbelievable. I mean, it comes right out David. Rock and tell you, it was all of freaking lie. All the stuff about the Arkansas troopers. The Arkansas project is they call it was all bull crap. So when I said here and I'd tell you not that name by in this audience, cares about the right wing conspiracy and about the fact that they've taken over to media and they've stolen the government. That's the truth, but nobody cares. You're just like an adult liberal. Right, you're right. You're on to me. Get off. Anyway, we had to now we had to pull about the information on Friday. That was a horrible pull and I apologize profusely, but it was Carlos's idea because he had that big list of information from her. He's an information junkie. So I apologize don't, don't ever let me get talked into another pull by him. He's a punk. So we took that off and there and late Friday I called to Eric and we fact over to another pull, sneak one in there on you. Look at that, a thousand and three votes on the sneak pull. That's pretty good. What are you going to do to respond to the orange high terror alert that was issued it says today, but of course that was on Friday. Besides scream a lot, that should have been another or alternative. Absolutely nothing different, 454, 45.2%. I don't buy it as part of the war scenario. 268 skeptics out there, 26.7%. Screw my brains out while I still have time, 119. Run in circle scream and shout 84. I got good choices on here. High down to the bed 44, stay home a lot, 16. No flights, 14. Long trips of any kind for. So the last three categories there is like only 34 people out of over a thousand. So I don't think they're buying it. You don't say no. WQA, they're not there. Maybe somebody wants to bought a book. WQAM. Yeah, I want to talk to Neil. Speaking. Hey, Neil. I want to call and let you know that I'm part of the Neil book club. Great. I'm going to put that Oprah bitch to shame. I'll tell you now. Oh, you do anyway. The first one you recommend a while back was official and confidential about Jay Edgar. He Edgar Hoover. And then the second one was a shake down. I'm not quite finished without one yet. You're still shaking. Yeah, I got about a little more than halfway through. But it's wow. It's very. Blinded by the right man. David Brock. I'm not going to say book you ever buy again in your life. That's my next one after I finish it down after I finish it down. Okay. Take care. Thanks. There you go. See I told you that you're not out one. Not one. Man, you're just a. Oh, and speaking of uh, stopping hidden and buried in about the press. Page 14 a in the Sun Center, identified it all in the Harold. Terrorist alleged title who's saying still a hazy. And the last. Oh, yeah. And the last paragraph says they also pointed out the need of the Bush administration or the British government has produced direct evidence of a Iraqi involvement with the al-Qaeda terrorist network. Oh, see there was one of the polls that keep showing all these polls. The one at counts that they showed over the weekend. Who do you tell them which one it was, but who cares? Uh, who do you trust more on a rack? Colin Powell or George W. Bush had 24% Colin Powell 63%. That's why they tried to demotter before the win last week. It is the question of substance if you I can say that word. It's a question of, you know, it wasn't a message. It was the messenger. See, right? I mean, he wouldn't lie to us. What? Of course not. No, thank you. And make him an offer. He couldn't refuse either. Love it after nine and five, 60 W to QM happy Monday to you. We're going to try to recover put all the pieces of this studio back together. And it's fun to the fact that nobody in this place will extend a helping hand was on that. But I got my check in my pocket. And I see only reason I came in today. I thought I'm not happy to see everybody here today. But I'm got my check in my pocket. I'm on the way to the bank. I got that out with a straight face. Yeah. It's a tall you, okay. Ancestals. Great. Guys, what women really wanted Valentine's Day's view to put little fun creativity into your gift. This year, express yourself in a fun and original way and say it. Well, they Vermont teddy bear. Just call 1-800-829 bear and a friendly bear. Council will help you choose for over 100 bears. Handcrafted in Vermont and delivered an a colorful gift box with a free card and chocolate. Tell her she lights your fire with a new burden. Love bear dressed like a honky farmer would love to add to on his arm and boy. There's nothing like a honky farmer or Sam Wilde about you. With the jungle love bear, they even have an officially licensed love-me tender Elvis bear. Sending a Vermont teddy bear is a creative personal alternative to flowers will be around long after Valentine's Day to remind her of you. If you like send a bear to the office or a coworker's can see how thoughtful and romantic you're posturing and pretending to be. Over night in Valentine's Day delivery still guaranteed over a no no no no. You got a lot of time. It's a tenth. Call 1-800-829-Bear or shop online at Vermonttittybeard.com. This year be sure and say it. With a Vermonttittybeard for Valentine's Day and be sure and tell him old Neil tour to the call 1-800-829-Bear. And my life and love all this is for twain of five sixty. You way too way yeah. It play like men and they look like women. Blonded by the ride. Bamboo's on thy doomspacks. The pigs thee for a ride. Blonded by the ride. Out of thy doomspacks was thy doomspacks. I know you may not understand what I did or who I am. Most of you don't read any books. So let me introduce myself. I was a well-respected hard-right man and trusted by Highlight. I used to have a powerful recubligant musician. High up on a horror ground. The holy Christians were insistent that I had to spread it clip in with any means that could be found. She said I had a movie shag down. All thought was blinded by the ride. Bamboo's on thy doomspacks. The horror paced by the ride. I felt like a new shag because I couldn't make a printman. I had a mission to the parties for my horror list. Christians and fallen there, drinking on the road. Why does an electric front of Chisler and cult? They're raising the stars, given power balls a tongue. My job was to welcome Jews who would write wins. Point of view, keep them eyes and be too swayed. And now the hatred that I spewed about my nowadays and thank your Jews. Make me one of you two days. I couldn't even say I was gay. Because I was blinded by the ride. Bamboo's on thy doomspacks. The tasty part of life. I did by the ride. There was an hope that she was naked on a pause with two guys taking her. Y'all be a star. I'm 18 at 5.60. W.A. and so I wasn't interested in Tristan. Tristan, why don't I keep saying Tristan? I don't know. Does it really make a difference? No. She was a Q.A.M. Q.D. So obviously she must have been really well anyway. Why what are you laughing about? I'm not what you look. I'm not going to take his word for it. Maybe she's a real hot number. You want to thought to see all these people marching up and down a hall. But they also marched up and on a hall to see Ron Jeremy too. Maybe she was hairy. Tristan. Maybe she's got a hairy back. I'll ask Miguel. In fact, maybe she and Moll are rubbing her back together since he's got a sexy back according to a screw-in. By the way, screw-in, you left this big black instrument. My studio here, get it out of here. There are things crawling around on it. Anyway, here's our pool for today. We'll get around to it. A little bit, uh, I don't know foggy today. You know what I mean? It was foggy when I drove into work this morning. Maybe there has something to do with it. Maybe. I feel like I'm in a fog. Which of these things should we be most concerned about? Six choices for you. Listen very carefully. Michael Jackson's a bad dad. Michael Douglas has a new movie. Michael Jordan will retire again. Ward terrorism and bloodshed. What happened to the Columbia or Hullby the next American Idol? There are your six choices. I think that's a great pool. If you ask me, you're going to have to put your thinking cap on. Don't you find that difficult? No, yeah. But it's a good idea. What do you think? Maybe most concerned about Michael Jackson's a bad dad. Michael Douglas has a new movie. And of course with Catherine Zeta Jones course. Michael Jordan will retire again. I'll probably probably put Michael Jordan on here because it's just Michael. Michael, if I hear one more sports there on this radio station. I'm going to craft my pants. It's MJ. Oh, no, it's not. It's Michael. Oh, but how do you know about it? I heard him say it. Ward terrorism and bloodshed. What happened to the Columbia or Hullby the next American Idol? So, uh, Moth tells me that it was a joke. I'll tell you that keeps coming in here. He also gets in this room. You would say that on the air. And he always calls or leaves a really hostile. I don't care what he did. What he did. So who the hell else was in here? First of all, everything in here was like we said. I'm sitting here playing. That in the beginning, like always the audience is wondering, what's going on? We don't hear. Yeah. This audience gets fan out of shape. If they don't get enough work. Yeah, so, okay, although the way things are going. You don't say, I like people to get nervous, but the way things are going, the old gas could be something will pass on. And I'm not hearing anything. Because everything in here has been dicked with over the weekend. There's no reason for anybody to be in this room. Is there? No, but. But. But. But. But they do anyway. They just don't care. Who do you trust most on Iraq? Colin Powell 63 percent. George W. Bush 24 percent. That was a nationwide poll. Now, not only does it say that they trust coal and poll, because he looks very sincere and he's a very articulate speaker. And never stole a free training. He's got a reputation as being more level headed. Not one of those hocks. Not part of that hawkish crew of wolf witch pearl, Cheney and rum spell. But also because I mean, in the fact that Bush is only got 24 percent. That to me is the more telling number in that pool. Have you seen what I'm saying? In other words, if public even though they want to come right out and say it, they're kind of like saying, the movement like that. Right? You see him on TV and you start going, like that too, Colin Powell, you see him on here. Hey, there's a guy can actually speak. He looks lucid. If I comparison. Let me see which one I'm going to vote. This is a tough choice on the pool. Let's see. We'll be the next American. I don't want to show. Okay. I voted. The new pool is up there. Let's get about 50,000 votes on there. Terrorist alleged title who's saying still hazy. That's on page 14 in the Sun Sentinel of the day. It didn't make the hero. They didn't discover that. Several intelligence officials who are somewhat skeptical of Powell's analysis emphasized that their colleagues might not be a member of Al-Qaeda at all. He has not pledged allegiance to Bin Laden said when he was a official. They also pointed out that neither the Bush administration or the British government has produced direct evidence of a wrecking involvement with the terrorist network. I don't want to start getting too heavy due to here. Too newsy. You know what I'm saying? But it is buried on page 14 there. And we certainly don't want to be intimidated by anybody. Do we want to be intimidated? No, not. They do want to be called on patriotic. Something like that. Do we want American people pointing the finger at us to say you weren't on board? Do we want everybody to be on board on this? That's right. And you were like not part of the game plan. You were part of the problem. That's right. Run around and drag. We're in heels. WQAM. Yeah, all. What is it? I read eight in the document. What do you say? You read any argument. Well, don't come in with a mouthful nice time. Whatever is in your mouth. Or that's an even guess what it might be. He reads everything I recommend. How do you like that? I did not say to me that we have somebody who's a great articulate speaker out there. He reads the books I recommend. Just because he's got a mush mouth. I guess that's probably was the right in the middle of breakfast. 560. The really conservative media. Page 225 by Eric Alterman, what liberal media the truth about Faisin knows. Bernard Goldberg ought to be ashamed of yourself. I wouldn't waste one second reading that crap that he wrote. What an disgrace. An idiot. I mean, you read these two books simultaneously side by each. And then you really, then you really know what else going on here. And even though I've been talking about it for months not that I've been talking about it for months not that I've been talking about it for months. But it's one thing to say it. It's another thing to have the evidence to prove right in your hand. You know what I'm saying? What do you say? I'm saying they're full of crap between Rush Limbaugh and Anne Colter and all of these other right wing lunatics. They're all full of crap. This is all can try. Just lie after lie. Just make it up. Hillary murdered this one. Boba did this. I saw him lies that on Larry King. Make sure that again. Made me weep. Yeah. It made me weep. I was thinking of myself to paraphrase their line from the godfather. We used to have bubble. Look what we got now. That's what I was thinking. Yeah. Yeah. You think it's like that, Flanger. Yeah. Yeah. All of that crap from them from before he even got elected. They were looking to do all of this stuff. I'm also by the way speaking of one of the biggest ponies of them all. Can he star? Oh. What's his bag? Never when he ran into James Carville in the airport there in Atlanta. He said, I'm going to get your boy. Yeah. The independent council can have star. Huh. All the years that we got dragged down and we got like sidetracked and had a waste of Whether the president got a blow job, who put the stain on the blue dress was it with a Mitch Rider? All of that crap. He was already going out. And we could have been taking care of business. You know what I'm saying? He started. We could have been taking care of business as opposed to this crap. But only the police. And then they couldn't win this last election. They found a way by hooker by crook. See how? So when I tell you that we had a bloodless cool in 2000 and people like laugh, I'll hold At the heels really fun. There's nothing funny about it. It's tragic because that's exactly what happened. By the finite what used to be labeled the fanatical fringes of the Republican party, the ultra right wing lunatics who now have become the Republican party and who now control this country. But I just mentioned these things in passing. I don't want to darken your week. Jesus, especially especially since we're in orange alert. I don't want to get you all nervous enough. I was thinking now that they've got the video. See you on CNN. Now at least they is a little variety. And that's NBC puts it out of bottom right of the screen. I don't know where Fox puts it. They can stick it up their ass because I don't watch them. Oh, and it's some good stuff. And you're about a great stuff about Fox. They were per Murdoch in the zero called them in book. But nevertheless, and CNN puts it on left. Terror alert high. I'm thinking, well, that's a good start. They've got the orange thing above the CNN logo. But I'm thinking maybe a little audio. Huh? Just to keep people on their toes since we're supposed to be have that extra level of awareness. Maybe that's why everybody was running up and down the hallway. Maybe they had nothing to do with what the hell ever were her name was. What was her name? Tristler. Maybe had nothing to do with Tristler. Tristler. Maybe they're running up and down the hallway because we're under orange alert. Think about it. 26 past nine and five, 60 WCM. Think about this. The fat one was in here on Friday and what does he piss me off. He's the best. You know something beast I hope you listen to right now. You're a big disappointment to all of us. Do you know how much more he lost on the balance for life? One pound right. Exactly. That's what he said. He held up one finger, which is either an indication of the number or it's a message to you beast. You know something this is our last. This is an ultimatum. We're going to cut you off. And if you don't get whether we're giving Zach the foot. And by the way, you people in the morning show talking about the hackins. What you know about hackins, you could stick up your uh... And ask about how Zach got sick because he was doing that. Zach got sick because he probably had like 24 cheeseburgers. And 16 uh... Surlaw and stakes over the weekend. Probably a little overdue in it. Okay. The meat in the meat. Zach. Either that or like I said he probably had like source on his back. Can't imagine where they came from. Anyway, if you want to lose the weight. Get with the real weight loss program balance for life. This is especially good. The beast isn't doing that bad. He's lost almost 50 pounds. That's not chop liver, huh? Right? Although I don't think they do bring a chop liver imbalance for life. Sometimes I've had it. You have? Sure. Like I said, you might if you like chop liver. Pick it. They give you a little menu. And you two is between two choices for each meal every day that you're on a program. When I say each meal there are five, three meals and two snacks. And you don't have to chop. You don't have to count calories or carbs or figure anything out. Because balance for life delivers right to your door by six o'clock every morning. That little black sack. And that's the key to losing a weight. Little black sack. Rounds with Zack. And back. Three gourmet meals. Tutalicious snacks all made from fresh delicious goodies. And that's already half eat all day. And the weight just pours off your body. Like I said, the beast even though he's been really... He's just a piece of crap. But he's lost almost 50 pounds and you can do a lot better because you'll stick with it. That balance for life help you lose that weight for real this year. It's a delicious way to do it. Call 9-5-4-5-6-8-3-2-29. 9-5-4-5-6-8-3-2-29. And before you can check them out of that working worldwide web at balanceforlife.com. 9-5-5-5-3-6-4-4-6-4-2-29. Play cow, errands coming. I was standing there one day. I was thinking I would die. From being able to make. I should never eat things like that. I'll make that one. I'll make that one. I'll make that one. I'll make that one. I'll make that one. I'll make that one. The trap is mine. My bowels. I'll give you time. From the fact of pause. Do that these little doctors in. Now my hot stuff. You fought since I died. How am I interested in those? I guess I should have known what to expect. Living in my having. With the kind ups of this. You've get a list of. I would act to leave too. Oh, oh. If I didn't eat that much. I swallow. Ha ha ha ha. Why can't you let me. So you can ask. Why can't you lose and get it right. My bowels were blocked. Inside my hearty. Can't make my third go. Oh. The catacios. The catacios. The catacios. The catacios. The catacios. I'm 34 or 56. The WCM happy Monday. Here's a facts from you. See if Kenny who's really on. He's on a ball this morning. Unlike Eric. Eric must be a little bit of the weather because it says. Tell whoever to get it right. There's no A and Bloodshed. I look on a pool. He's got Bloodshed. Blood's Head. Get that A out of there. You idiot. Eric. Come on. Let's get with it. Blood's Head. Man. Here's a facts from Fred, which is when it's dubious. It's best. You can't debate. You can only name call. Not convincing. Finally we get one or two conservatives in the media. And you call the whole media conservators. Well, that inspires me to read this one. Pedro is going to read anyway. One or two conservatives. Right. No, in color. The reading conservative media says Eric Alderman. One reason that many people including some liberals believe the myth of the liberal media is that they don't know how extensive the influential and influential the conservative media really is. It's not simply when you add up the circulation-stice penetration of the Fox News channel, the Wall Street Journal editorial page in the York Post watched them in times. Weekly standard national review American spectator human events, WWEW and Resolvent.com, the Dread Report Rush Limbaugh, the Ontario University of Talk Radio, and most of the Punditocracy, you've got a fair share of the media. The ability of these deeply biased and frequently untrustworthy outlets to shape the universe of the so-called liberal media gives them an agree of power and influence that exceeds their already considerable circulations. As we've seen in earlier chapters in this book, he says nefarious political operatives, masquerading his journalist, helped turn the clinton's unprofitable $30,000 investment in a failed savings alone into a politically paralyzing $70 million constitutional crisis. But they couldn't have done it without the full cooperation of such mainstream media. Let's as the Washington Post and ABC News, which have grown increasingly cowed by false complaints of liberal bias, and hence progressively more sympathetic to the most outlandish conservative complaints. When Washington Post has reported John Harris noted that he and his fellow White House correspondence were proving far more sympathetic to the conservative George W. Boston and ever-bended liberal bill Clinton, he chose his main culprit conservative interest groups, commentators, and congressional investigators, who beginning in 1993 wage the remorseless campaign that they hoped would make life miserable for Clinton and Valt himself to power. This moment had been in the works for decades and helped turn the tide of Washington to her conservatism as early as 1978, when Jimmy Carter was forced to switch directions to presidency and embrace a host of measures that he previously found to be an Atmah, but during the previous decade and have conservative interest groups have grown more, more powerful and more conservative, outpacing liberals at first and soon matching an eventually exceeding in many cases the resources of the old establishment. Liberals have no such movement, not a fraction of the money, and what troops they do possess can boast much less organizational discipline and enjoy it by the right. As Harris noted, the left-lastability of not the inclination that we've all manner of presidential miscuses, misjudgments, or controversial decisions in with fabric of a large scandal, as a result of the context created by the conservative warriors Harris argued, stories like the travel office firings claimed for weeks instead of receding in the yesterday's news, and they colored the prism through which many Americans not just consider it idealogs viewed Clinton, and that goes on about the cocaine thing with George W. W. and about how that was just viewed as a blip on a radar screen, all the other good stuff. Great book, What Level Media The Truth About Bison The News, Eric Alterman writes, I just mentioned that in passing. We can't debate it. We're not here to debate. We're here to stay that not debated. Okay, Fred. We don't have to debate because it's a fact there's nothing to debate. All the liberal talks, let's see. We got to go to the city, Oli North, Rush Limbaugh, Schmeck direct whatever his name is there, Schmet whatever whether they call him this week. What's the, I don't know what the guy's name is, the real right winger, Mark something, rather, I even know what his name is, Schenbaum. No, not Mark Schenbaum, but the syndicated guy. You got Alice Rantelau, the self-hating Fag. You can go down the list. Who are they? The whole Fox news network, Tony Snow, which of you, if you read this book, you'll find out the back of all these people worked on a Reagan and pop of Bush administrations. Ridhum? O'Reilly? The whole bunchem. But I just made it up. I can't debate it, says Fred. Another one, another one, what is Goose stepping, Lemming's out there? Which in the issue we most concerned about the poll today, War Terrorism and Bloodshed, nice going Erick out of straight out right away, 63. He better get a straight now, I'll have Carlos Colmigan. Who will be the next American Idol 14? Michael Douglas has an Obo, it just has changed it again. Come on. Michael Douglas has an Obo movie for. Is that the moment Catherine Zeta Jones? The Chicago movie? What happened to Colombia? The Colombia, two. Michael Jackson, the bad dad, one, and Michael Jordan will retire again. Oh, none. The big O. Well, that's something because other than Tristan, Tristan, Christian, whatever name was. That's what they talk about all morning this morning on a morning show was Michael Michael motorcycle all morning. Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, Michael Michael, all morning. Aren't you concerned about Michael Jordan? And the fact you only got 20 points in the All-Star game? Somehow I missed that last night, the NBA All-Star game. Somehow. Your sports have called me in reminded me. Oh, I'm sorry. I haven't watched a couple of minutes, so there will be one of a smallville. Brother, I hear it brought a tear to my heart when I read Rock fell out of his shirt pocket, I'll tell you that. Just one was starting to get good. And his rock fell off. 21 till 10 at 560 WQM happy Monday 2. We got bad news for today boys and girls. We got a red alert. Not the one, not nationwide. The QM Red alert. You know what it is? What? Joseph Gacky's on for mandates today. Far worse than anything Tom Ridge could warn you about. Good man, Joseph Gacky, but in fact, maybe you want to set your alarm for three o'clock. Wake you back up again. When a Humper comes on, he'll be doing a show at Shula State 2 today. At Brainstemmost State 2. Perkoun Hotline at 7, a big, uh, oh! It's at 8 o'clock at 8 o'clock at 8 o'clock at 8 o'clock from J.A. and Joe and Mark overnight 2 to 6, who just leave this who trash this studio. mercilessly. Day after day, night, you have to look at the phone. He can deny it all he wants. Since them, if it isn't them directly, it's their people. It's going on under their watch. You don't say, right? Under their watch, which they must not be watching. They're watching something. Now I'm sure they are. Just like you and Carlissel, they're watching, you know, blind data, whatever it is, all every day. That's 730. Well, whatever else comes on after blind data. Jerry, Jenny, Jerry and Jenny, that's right. And Oprah and Guy and Light. And Dr. Phil. Guy and Light and Apprices, right? And Dr. Phil. Yeah. And Ricky. Ricky, uh, Lake. Ricky and the Lake. I'd like to toss that bitch. Oh, Ricky. It would rain like God. Is she disgusting or what? Now that Rosie's gone, then moved to Rupp several matches. Ricky and the Lake. 20 till 10 at 5, 60 WQM. If you're not feeling too good this morning, maybe you sleep in on a really crappy mattress. Maybe it's worn out. Maybe what's upon a time of was it was okay. But now it blows. Well, the answer is get you a great new name brand. My interests from our friends are piezons at dialometres because they carry the finest mattresses ever made in the history of the human race. And even if the end of the world is coming, walk that way to go off and, you know, in good comfort on the nice mattress, right? Quite excellent. Good for hotting under two. See, these certissons can correlate. I got a resize every style in stock. No bait and swish. Exactly the mattress you're looking for. They got right now ready to deliver right to your door whenever you want. You've got 30 days to try it out in your home with the best cover to change policy ever heard of in the world. Delivery like we tell you is unbeatable. You pick the day seven days a week to our window when it's convenient for you. And like I said, prices every day on beatable prices on the top mattresses in the world. So if you're a schmuck, you'll go out and waste a lot of time and money. And the bedding and apartments through as if you're smart like us. You'll call 1-800 mattress. That's all you do is make one easy call. They'll be there in no time at all. For a great night's sleep tonight. And for months and years to come, we'll call them right now 1-800 mattress, MATT-R-Y-S, for dial-mathraser check them out on the web at mattress.com. But they're dark. They're dark. They seem to have changed. They don't want to lie. They're dark. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. They seem to have changed. As many seems believe that over those days, Labour must have thought that over the past two weeks may. The big incident messaged their world in London, including England. It was the last two weeks. You're looking for� and DP. givg areith. What's up? It's a surprise that Labour hon hotels bothers also winning. They are lucky to be there. Better NZ hashtag…… Not for bekommen, to leave a mix. but the tension behind their laughs has grown. The show success comes as Oscar winning actor Dustin Hoffman joined a growing wave of celebrities who've attacked Mr. Bush's policy on Iraq. How do you like those bloody brits, huh? Picking on for W. Let's go see the play. Shame on you. No, you go see the play, okay. You roll over to those constipated brits. They give me the schmits. They make me sick. They're a bunch of silly ass twitches what they are. And you think that W.S.S. would tabloid crap. They invented it, right? They invented it. They made make us look like pikers. Whether tabloid hysteria. They've got the mirror and the sun and this one. They must have like 6,000 tabloids that publish every guy damn there. And the queen had a bad B.M. and Prince Pholk is a bang in this one. And this one is a fag. And Prince Charlie was having the anal sex with the scholar and Diana still dead. All the other crap. Prych Charles has big ears. You know, a really revolutionary story is like that. They're the crazy people to brits. And these are allies. No wonder we're in big trouble. That's the best we can do is them. Just because they got naked pictures of Tony Blair and Winston Churchill's body. I mean, what's the big deal with that? 5, 6, 7. Look at this scream of sour. Who you think the photo would bring it off the hook on this Monday, wouldn't you? No wonder. No, that's why I said that way, sarcastic. You think that these people would be just itching to talk about all these good things. Not on this town. They could have the bombs bursting in air. I mean, these people are still the same old stuff. Once the next free spaghetti dinner or a pomp and a park stuff like that. And by the way, I don't know when this. WDQAM. What deal? Yes, sir. I never read it in the books, but I did buy DMGF. You're a Frankie. I want you to get started. That's good. I want the garlic festival. And if you put Georgia's gay lifestyle on your pole, I'll vote for that. OK. Excellent call. Thank you. Let's see. Which one we most consider about your gay lifestyle? We left that one off there. Now, because that'll just, that'll just rise to the top again. I want to give George too much, much publicity all in the span of less than a week. 157 votes. Which of these things should be most concerned about? Michael Jordan will retire again. Finally got one. Probably guilty put that on there. I'm trying to defend their indefensible morning show this morning. Michael, Michael, Michael. Seriously, I mean you guys got anything else to talk about besides Michael and Trista? What happened? And they could have talked about his gambling problems. I would have been more interesting. And about the questions that still linger about his early retirement when he decided he wanted to play baseball. And Sarah Soda, minor league baseball. Right. But it's like everything else in a media. We get a sugar coated version of whatever they want us to know. That's all you get. And in the case of the right wing, we get a dagger coated version of all this other crab. We get fairy tales is what we get. I'm serious blinded by the right. I should read the whole book on the year. Okay. And they're saying, and Carlos is not an issue. Wouldn't have any audience left and the management here get all bent on the shape. He's reading a whole book on here. Well, it's not as interesting as talking about Michael Michael for three freaking hours. And throwing some silly ass cheerleader in the middle of it. I'm calling it a morning show. I'm sorry. Sam Gitton bitter because it's so damn cold in here. Michael Journal retires again one. What happened to Columbus three? The Columbia. That's a Columbia. That was a Freudian slip. I'm sorry. What happened to us? We got busted. But nothing happened to Bush. What happened to the Columbia three? Michael Jackson's a bad dad. Five. Now you get a little warmer. Michael Douglas has a new movie with Katherine Zeta Jones six. Who'll be the next American idol 23? How about Eric Idol? Even though he ain't American. What about him? And war terrorism and bloodshed is leading the way. What a shot. 125 votes. I think you got him scared. You got him running nervous. No. You're a hysteria that orange alert. And those interpret comments about our present that you made on Friday which I still think. We'll all apologize for at least on the year even though you would not fear. 9.56. I don't know about what it is. Man. Freezing. I can feel my face if you look. I like an ice cube. Who stood up? You don't have to go by that. I got to go. I'm going to go sit up. We go was in here before. I'm not going to go sit up. Thank you for those hockey tickets. By the way, how about those panthers coming back? Anybody care about that? Down 4.1. A type of a 4.4? Nobody cares. Leafs win. Again. Again. No interest. By the way, Alan Cohen, you're not fooling this kid. You're not fooling this kid. Not for one second. Not for a moment. 9.56. At 5.60 WQM, Guy's size matters big time. According to the Florida Department of Labor Computer Professionals about really big ones. And of course, we're talking about paychecks. According to the state of Florida, computer careers are among the highest paid and the highest demand. Fast-ranking up you achieve your new high-paying computer career in just four short months. Fast-ranked got locations all over town. So this is about to be won. They're in Kindle, Miami, Fort Laudered Island, Pembroke Pines. With the evening we can schedule this. Absolutely no excuse to stay in a crappy dead-in-job. Make an apaltry sum and work for some schmuck when you can start making big bucks. So call our friends at Fast-Rain right now. 1.86 Fast-Train. That's 1.86 Fast-Train. They got full-time job placement and guaranteed financing too. Call Fast-Train. Toll-free and get yourself on a way to a real serious job at a big fat paycheck. 1.86 Fast-Train. Or check them out on the web at Fast-Train.com. We are supporting you in lively and informational reach for Fast-Train. We are supporting you in 5-6! SOMETHINGels OAT&ION. And this's your Howard alumus here at Fast-Train. would not have reached a unanimous decision. Oh, they give me a race! No, not to put up a statue or a plan, do you? Not exactly, but you see, we want you to leave. To go far away and never come back. How dare you! You know who I am! Why am I? I'm more ordinary than you. That's why we prefer you never darken our doorway again. Ugh! The noise that owes precedence. My eyes so might sold to exact revenge. Yeah, it'll be a cold day in Hell and Down. What a hell are you? Consider me a friend. Who has come to fulfil your needs? Yeah, right. I want to make you a powerful radio star in Paradise. I have very dear, I never republic in friends in certain religious organizations that can make it all possible. Okay, what's the catch? Oh, I ask for in return. Is something you never use anyway? You're so... That's it? What do I sign, pal? And sign right here. What a rule, bu bu. I'm welcome back to another installment of the Mohauna Davidish Show, everybody in Paradise. I don't know, I don't know, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. And in funny when we do it, then that's you, ma'am. Yeah, I don't know. I don't know. How about some pinties? We don't talk about suck on the show. On the street, do do do do do do. Yes, ma'am, it's me, it's just the good dog. I've got a smack here. I'm in a good mood, do do do do do. Take a go! Well, yeah, I've been hide about that. That's a fact at dawn, get in all that hot water over the comedy dishes and play it. I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry. Oh, good, good. Good, good, good. Great, good, good. You've been so delicious, cheddar does it all. Yes. Good, good. Oh, good. It's a good, good, good. That's a great, good. It's a good, good. And hello mom. Oh, it's you! Hey, what do you know? What do you say? Prince of Douglas. I'm come to collect my part of the bargain. Sure, good. So like I'll say in a fake. What are you talking? Second, you're gonna be told this. Oh, part of the bargain, now. Can you write, bro? I'm more in the mind than long, can you? Oh, lord. You have the dream, babe. I got some work on it. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. I died. Hi. That's how it happened to me. Have you mind that? I missed a beginning of the show. Has anyone mentioned the disturbing interview with Advertisement at American General Coriante 60 minutes last night? Yes. I saw it. Yes, you know. He had a brain wash looked at equal to surpassed any of ever seen on any religious or cult fanatic. When asked about how he feels about South Korean people burning their flag he started blubbering, he was blubbering badly. Mine if you said junior officer were there I'm worried for him and especially for all of us if this is the kind of man Our military is creating that's a good point. He's supposed to be like a general I'm not saying a general is supposed to be without feelings, but nevertheless crying over the fact that they were burning our flag and a hate us like poison in South Korea With all the millions and billions and billions of dollars that we've pumped into their economy and all that cheap crap or buying into the stores That's his maiden Korea Yeah, well it's on that for us having a shirt well put those Chinese to shame They wish 567 look at look at this I'm gonna be playing stuff today or maybe I'll just do what I said red-blided by the right on here Those people I wanted about the bedtime stress. Why did that right now? Who could come in if we had TV and take a picture with this phone? Don't answer them. I'll take care of them All right, I don't want to put you out on a Monday. We have to make you answer phones Because they are maybe a Gilbert my call, you know Maybe in between eating his other fruits. He's the doing his raspberries. Do your Gilbert you jackass you miss fit you truck with it You sack a crap No, don't make a call. Yeah, now I did don't you ever call anybody again? Okay, because anybody who talks to Gilbert on the ears got to be really desperate even more desperate than we are and that's saying a lot Anybody that would put that knit with on a year That's simple to WQAM Gilbert line Trust is like a born-off. I am worried about you. Nobody QAF Neil yes, but wait yes, hi I have every single book that you mentioned really I go all the way back to shrub and is our children learning before you even knew about it right? I've walked blinded by the right when it came out I thought they would walk on a show on television and I I really related to him. Wow not because I'm a gay male, but Because it seems like your damn if you're due damn if you're don't Him being from a conservative background and having you know turned around like he did a lot of people feel that he's Not credible, but if he'd been a liberal lawless life of course They would still think he was a better woman turned around like he did he was one of he was their main henchmen all those years But they but they also showed how power hungry like when he says he got the story about Anita Hill Yeah, and you know he's left That guy's house after the meeting you know like exhilarated like whoa This is gonna be a big career thing for me. You know, I'm gonna be a big writer They're all seem to be very power hungry no matter if their lives are not right, but did you also read you know another woman that annoys me besides Ann Colder Laura Ingram right you read the part about Laura Ingram. Yeah, I mean she He irritates me her voice. I can't even But I didn't know she's a bubble head. She's a vacuous bubble head bitch and she hates days right Wow See this is the thing I don't offer to life of man. I never been able to understand it He was consorting with people who hated him and everything he stood for from Bill Crystal to Laura Angry Ham to Ann Colder right on our list and to read some of the comments by you talk about racist and bigots I mean some of the most virulent crap that anybody could ever imagine in their lives and he was Concerting with these people because they made him famous and they made him a lot of money And anytime here he was like selling out everything that he was Exactly, but I've met They guys that are conservative and I always say do you know what you know behind closed doors? What did Jamie probably says about you? You know and and not only that There's a lot of people that It's it's not just gaze that they hate I mean look how he talks about the word feminist and even you have to admit I know you don't like Hillary Clinton But I don't but he's well I know a lot about her since she's become senator and she's very popular in the Senate They she's a totally different person than than what they thought she was going to be I still don't like her very much, but there's another book called the hunting of the president that you have an end It's by Joe Kahnison Okay, right and it will it's very detailed though, you know and only for their people that really want to read about this It'll go from the beginning of the Clinton haters and how they organize and how this group of lawyers out of Chicago and everything I mean it. Oh, and I left our words you're melonscape by the way who financed all of this Well, we what about the guy from the SEC all the people that and is cabinet all these people a Such-and-since that led the impeachment That's asshole Hutchinson right job. He's getting now and Who's Neil board? Who's Neil boards he's a right wing asshole talk host from Atlanta who claims to be a libertarian? Okay, well, let me just respond. I think they tried out every time every five minutes They tried him on and put him either on CNN even don't he who had a monorowic you go That's the last we want to tell you about no, but did you see the clip that John Donna who showed where he's actually taking his mic off him leaving the show? Because he did get to Punicate enough and so don't he rewards him by giving him an hour And he lets him talk and talk and talk and talk That's because he was desperate. Okay. He has nobody watching and he's desperate Well, I think Donna who actually bends over backwards to get conservatives on his show to show that he's fair He had that fascist that Steve Malsberg from a deputy from Newsman's He had him on a game of an I too. I don't know why he is specifying by the watch that's like I watch it only because I'm sitting there in a basement in disbelief that he's putting these people on the air I know I'm just if they know I'll be having up here time But but the Steve Solver did you see mine when he was with the woman who disagreed with the war and said that she still wasn't convinced and he pointed to her head and he goes The loony left. Yeah, now you see Whoever called to last week and said well You hang up by people disagree with you. You know watch those show sometimes the conservatives and culture will never let anyone get a word in She talks she hasn't got any idea what she's talking about not only she a hateful miserable bitch But she hasn't got a clue what she's talking about Everybody's and and and sometimes you see the show's there's this religious guy Sheldon and you would think it was a Jew at that name You know who was Sheldon He's a fundamental Christian who thinks the Bible is it and everybody else in the world is wrong if you have another you're giving me a list of all these people I'm sorry have a great day. Bye Oh yeah, then as if that isn't good enough. The suspended one you know our friend Mommy's just didn't change dogs and on a couple of nights ago Focus on the family hoax polka's let's put the focus on your wallet and see how much money we can sell Extract from your wallet in the name of hate and family values That this is what America has become these crazy people have taken a whole country over and rest of people sitting back Like that and the so called mainstream media There's there's a worst because they're pretending to be something that they're not they're pretending to be objective Giving it a real news and all they do is just suck up and suck up. They're so damn intimidating. They're so afraid to be called on patriotic And so they're just goose stepping in line just like it said in that page that I read from that What liberal media by your call term and I go on by right now if I were you So you see and you would give me oh nobody reads any of those books you talk about you just you just In fact, that's what we're gonna discuss today. Why is it that you dislike George so much? 10 What see Carlos things that I did we did the That only scratched the surface Of why does the tape they just find you just I'm acceptable on any human level being gratuitously concrete to compel people to call for crying out loud See it work Oh Hey guys, well women really want to Valentine's Day as few to put a little thought and creativity in your gift This year express yourself in a fun and original way and say it with a Vermont teddy bear just call 1-800-829 bear in a friendly bear Counselor, well happy to choose from over 100 bears handcrafted and Vermont delivered in the couple give box with a free card in chocolate Tell her she lights your fire with a new burn in love bear dressed like a monkey farm and with love tattoo on his arm or Say I'm wild about you with the jungle love bear they even have an officially licensed love me tender Elvis bear sending a Vermont teddy bear as a creative personal alternative to flowers a great idea and believe me that bear will be around long After Valentine's Day. It always remind her of you even after you're probably long gone Send her a birthday office to her co-workers and see how thoughtful and romantic you are over night in Valentine's Day delivery guaranteed Call 1-800-829 bear or shop online at Vermont teddy bear.com This year's date with a Vermont teddy bear for Valentine's Day be sure and tell them that old Neil told you and even though it's a tenth already You're still plenty of time. They'll get it there on time call him today 1-800-829-B-E-A-R WQA WQAM Neil yes, sir He saw them the little blurb on the news about how Donald runs failed went to Germany To try to gain support. Yeah, and he got literally got his butt chewed out. Yes, by Germany and then well basically what Germany said was don't insult my intelligence Give us proof and stick it up your ass Basically right and he was just sitting there like a deer will call him the headlights He didn't even know what to do. He was squirming to one cheek and then squirming to the other cheek I mean that guy was on the hot seat in Germany Okay, well thanks for the bulletin five sit. That's it. That's all our calls today I'm gonna read the book blinded by the right by David brush starting not as you're curious to what 2008 if the world is still spinning around We're not unpurple of earth by then. Well you could read it really fast. Okay We were talking about speed reading the other day 2007. Where's Evelyn? What were we really need her? 567-0560 pound 560 on a AT&T and see this verse out what I've always said I mean we had that lady and she was with only she went on rambling about everyone of these right Wingers has ever been invented which got really pond-risk but nevertheless They they just don't give a crap. They they've been like you know pushed into submission Whatever the pool say oh yeah, well now colon Paul he's a good guy. He would never lie to us I'm convinced now and they just goose step right in the line Even though he didn't say a goddamn thing as far as that conversation they intercepted I mean Give me a break. Oh, that proves it today We could have put that together. Tommy could have put that together in his production studio there in five minutes just going In that what he does W to Q I am Along yes, sir. Yeah, I'm going from a cell phone on 95. Yes, sir I talk a little bit about what take we yesterday some more savory in day county with the parking lots in open lock and open lock us Yeah Oh, that Who's it? Is this Neil sounds like me. Oh, oh, yeah sure that yeah I don't know if you certainly here will yes today these Bids that will let out to build parking lots in open lock has nothing that really needs and let me as post the goal for the community Yeah, and Well, it just shows that through the hands in the pockets and was a you know a picture story in the hell and we're always happy to get one once in a while in the hell And as far as what's going on now in the world this office case. I saw on the internet this morning that Iran announces that it is building or as Bill say a rich a plutonian and rich in plants So I guess they'll be next on the list that's enough for real No, I'm for Saudi Arabia Okay, well, let's get busy. Okay, what he's saying 567 0 560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line We're gonna be playing all these starting in 10 30 this morning we're going back to the old QM format What are you laughing about nothing that'd be great? They won't even call and tell us why they hate you like poison I mean that is actually be a no-brainer, you know what? When in doubt when it's a Monday and they're really desperate and they got nothing to send it Maybe they're all kind of the bed I thought we got before which are these things should be most concerned about war tear risk in bloodshed 175 Who'd be the next American Idol 34 Michael Jackson's a bad dad 10 Michael Douglas has an Umovie eight what happened to the Columbia five and Michael Robert Jordan will retire again one again. What is that like 15 times he's retired already today? Don't bet on it Or are you I also should have put on her will Pete Rose get into the abasible Hall of Fame? Oh, let's argue about that for a while, okay? While our eyes are melting is we're watching a nuclear blast that big mushroom club. I don't think they're gonna let him in Hi, Phil. He's a gambler WQA Yeah, when start clicking penis a bigger pardon when you start growing a penis? I don't know call this back when you see a shrub WQA in Yes, I turn on a radio station. I really listen to and there was a speech that was so magnificent I guess the war it almost brought tears to my arm really he was so eloquent. He was so Magnificent who is that? He's going on talking he's talking about the Vietnam war and I know it's my loser king Martin Luther King my jacket come back No, it was a speech from 1967. The great Martin Luther King speech But it could have been completely transported to now with the Iraq war and If he knew what was going on today, he turned over and is great I know because he says this is a pivotal point in history We cannot go the military route the industrial military establishment is not what this country is about and he was going on It was so eloquent it was so magnificent and he was speaking the way Americans used to speak when they were educated You know before they were just spoon fed everything by the the electronic media when people used to read books And oh god, it made me so so nostalgic for when people were educated and people had lines and they bought for themselves And this was in 1967. He was so prophetic as he was saying this is a pivotal point in history We don't get back to our American values the world's gonna despise us if we're gonna despise ourselves And we cannot go this this this industrial Material route we have to go back to being The great country we've always been I'm not saying at the way he said it he was far more now. What would think yeah? I hopefully But it's somehow the speech and I can't believe that the anti war activists aren't playing that speech all the time Because it's so contemporary for right now That's all I have to say okay. Have a great day See under the bed. Oh my ox long remember the guy from custom design trust water design a Trust for me in the for mole whatever other idiotic facts nice name Here's a hockey guy. Let's see the best you know Same old sucker same old smudge banging of the same old crack We're gonna see are the panties at their best. Okay. Whatever good luck to you sir WGN channel seven out of Chicago took off happy days in the 930 AM slot That's all is this country coming to could you please play the theme to the greatest American hero for me? Oh good could we do that? You got some more like on a CD. I know where I got it This rather yeah Might be back here too, but you think I might have wasted my time looking for that now? I'll put some music Oh, I got these important call coming in here just just pouring in here man by the ones They're pouring in here just like the crowd into macarunus bigger those pants against by the ones oh here's another one look at that 567560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line WQAM WQAM Hello, yes, sir. Yeah, you know the problems. We don't know we don't have enough missiles We want We don't know we have enough missiles. Oh, I see WQAM For a lot of them Here's for a lot of nail, hello I know where is good yeah and Go Gw Okay, where is good and go Gw there we go all right War is good and go Gw Dead people are good dead babies are good right off for that baby. We don't fact we by the way. We know exactly where it is In fact, I think Peter are not sitting on the roof using him as a target WQAM WQAM Hello Real quiet WQAM Yeah, I like talking to you about Goph other about the godfather about the new one if he knows about it There is no new one There's no new godfather Well, no wait a minute wait a minute We're said again. There's no new godfather Nip Hang on a second. I'm hanging. I know you're all wise and all that stuff. No, not I'm a schmuck No, wait a minute. You turn me on a lot of things. Yeah. Atkins I just lost 14 pounds on the end of that. That's here for this guy last 14 pounds Unlike Zach who's sick because he's been for speeding stakes all weekend on the end of the ship Both of the eaten by the way Zach not sit on him. But I put a new twist in it, but two gallons of water a day in it really help two gallons Jesus any how listen Congratulations Mark wine gardener. He's a teacher at that fish. What is this happening with the godfather? What? You said you wanted to talk about the new godfather Tell you this guy has been penned by the Puzzo family to write another godfather Yeah, okay, he was in the paper and I was in the black god One paper the weekly reader. What are you talking about? I got a call Neil to tell him I'm not a first time of my look yeah, okay And anyhow I read it to you if it's a short little piece Congratulations Mark wine gardener. You're the author of the next godfather novel But don't count on everyone liking it wine gardener fiction writer who's projects subject Baseball Cleveland in organized crime was proclaimed the winner Friday of a contest to continue the saga of Mario Puzzo's fictional crack What happened in The decision was made by the random house and And Puzzo littered three at the state. Let's let it out. Well, I don't care. I write give me a break. Okay. I'm trying to read the godfather Oh Man, let's hope you make it that lesson look forward to why not banana I just want you to know that this guy from Feshue is writing in the next novel To the sequel with permission and they picked them to Puzzo family pick him That's so much is that lesson America? All right, I'll see in the film. Oh At least it was in for what the moment of go all right without standing okay much as I Let's hope it's as good as the third one Don't be starting it on poor Sofia again. Okay. She can't help it She's got a big nose and can a act of way out of a paper sack. I like godfather three See you just say that to go along with all the crowd out there. You know, yeah, you do know I liked it A lot I understand it. I hate it times so I like I don't mean to care what the hidden or not I've elected a lot. Okay. I thought it had a very important story. I did have a very Especially especially someone who's out of the whole Catholic church in the corruption and the The whole thing should have loved it and been willing to overlook the fact that there were 75 bad acting performances great message Bad movie and the fact that Michael kept eating all at the sugar cake cake Hey Michael you're a diabetic okay don't eat no more cake cake Okay 27 after that. I was what a segue man. I'm telling you sometimes you're lucky you fall right into a bucket of crap D lights a West Locke is the mega store for people out there who would like some cave They'd like that their cake and eat it too, but they can't afford all that sugar When you'll find Zillions of low carb sugar free products in the store in fact this whole store is dedicated to you people around the Actons hey listen Zach get the get a brain would it please get a brain and go to the lights and get some good stuff and set it making yourself sick Is a big fat disgusting tub Over 600 delicious low carb food products are waiting for you right now of the lights in every day and this week We're all sampling the new low carb tortilla chips in the original or pico gallow flavored by carbs sense how do you like them Carlos? And they're great tasting no carb we're shit if I wasn't far you're in snack heaven Look at that he's bouncing around like a butterfly and heat So whether it's caramelite ice cream breads chips muffins cheesecakes Pastens sauces the lights of us both is the place you're gonna love shopping and don't forget as always you can try before you buy it Just pop a little in your posts and they're open every day seven days week from 10 to 10 their sales staff Really knows the atkins died inside and out so they give us some And don't forget and delightfully carry the most complete line of actin brand products of anybody anywhere that are always 25% off all day Every day so if you're on the atkins or any other low carb or hybrid dive It's a story you must check out the lights of West Boca the number one low carb sugar free store in the world and you fight about the northeast corner of Lades in 441 right next to Boston market or column tool free at 1 877 low carb Find them on the web at low carb.com. Don't forget there's only one detail. I said West Boca's your official atkins retail center아 ass Muito About Yeah Far in race as the worst of the days until he fence with Mojo. The don't got burned with the girl with the source or with most mojo time to go. Don't jump jump, you never will you confess. Don't get the last breath, like water. Don't jump jump, you never know. Don't jump, you never know. The 23560, look at that, I'm seeing it in 2 million pilgrims in Mecca. And of course they're not just from like sunny rabies, they're from like all over the world, it's kind of like a hog's podge. Oh, very good. I thought it was kind of cute. There they are, and hog's peaks today with prayers in Mont-Arofort. That's what it's all about. Crazy religion is man, all over the world, that's the problem. Crazy religion is, and some of them unfortunately have una bomba and whatever else they got. Here's bread, who obviously is a burrna bomba. It says you're blaming the mid east-worn bush. What we talking about the mid east war is that what it rack is all about is the mid east war. It is. I thought it was about regime change and work and all. This is a fucking whole island, I'm only one. But anyway, since it's went, here's a great line to show you about an idiot Fred is, wherever this is. Since when is the protection of Israel, a conservative issue? Since the right wing, the right wing religion is took over to Republican party. That's when it's become a conservative issue. It must not seem that show or that other show. Must have seen not any of those shows about how these are the people. We got to have our ma'am again, maybe we got to, at all cost those Jews have to stay in Israel. In fact, let's make some more settlements. And they are Syria and Lebanon and Egypt and coming Libya. Saudi Arabia would be good. I'd tell you one thing about these right wingers, man. They really know their crap. Like I think the best one of all was the guy to quote, War is good, go GW. There you go. What else did he need to know? But maybe you'd want to know this. About Laura Ingraham, by the way, she's like 10 steps to the right of Ann Kohlberg in the reading area. Yes. Good. This is again from Blighted by the right by David Brooks. It's mostly won't go on reading anyway, nobody are reading it too. I will. A little bit. Through Ginguish Limbo on the spectator. I'm sorry, though. I say I can't even get to the first word right. Though a Guguish Limbo on the spectator already has substituted name calling for reason conservative discourse. Laura Ingraham and a Mary by the spectators would bring Limbo on meanness to millions of American television viewers. The advertising eagrochism as ignorant and in name. Laura was also a symbol of the troubled news for evolution would have establishing a broad base to peel the women. She frequently attacked feminism for making women unhappy and resentful while betraying those same qualities in her commentary. Laura stuck in trade was they politically incorrect sound bite. Showing up at one interview in a full-length fox code, she mocked these squealing baby foxes which were cute when they were alive. In an op-ed she questioned actor Harrison Ford's manliness and the secretary appeared on the cover of people magazine wearing an earring. And the subjugation of women she claimed could be alleviated if more women became gunner some of us in Graham once remarked are proud of a meanies. In 1999 Laura would publish the Hillary trap looking for power all along places after signing the mid-six figure contract she quietly struck a deal with the tell that doer public writer Ruth Schallet to essentially draft the book for her when Schallet wisely backed out Laura was left with a lame manuscript who sole purpose was to hold a Clinton marriage up tomorrow scrutiny in ridicule. Certainly Hillary is not a good role model for women Laura announced her personal life has turned into way bizarre sat relationship where both husband and wife depend in desperate and unhealthy ways on each other at different times in their lives. A more transparent case of projection I have rarely seen says David Brock. Yet of all the conservatives I had met since coming to Washington, I grew closest to Laura. She was a much more prodigious network about a woman. Moving forward. Even known of Laura's anti-gay pasted Dartmouth, where along with her then boyfriend, Thine-ish disobeyed she had participated in the infamous Outing of Gay Students who were branded Sodomites until I cringe-deserved about her Dartmouth review exploits in 1995 profile in Vanity Fair. To make matters worse, I was quoted in the piece saying that Laura was unreservedly accepting of homosexuality, which in my presence she always had seemed to be. Enica co-zon and on and on, well, it's worth as one paragraph. I'm more than one occasion I had taken her bar hopping along the Gay Street for the Washington where she seemed to have a blast. Inevitably though, as we drowned ourselves in more and more booze, the evening would take a ghastly turn. One night after downing several cocktails and storing it unidentifiable white powder and a quintince had given me, which turned out to be the cat tranquilizer ketamine. I was sick of the bathroom for several hours, trying to get my bearings as Laura and a drunken stupor crawled through the pack two-story dance club on her hands and knees looking for me. Her person had locked in my car trunk, causing her to call her friend and then we ours at the morning to rescue her and the meantime she had managed to leave me a series of violent messages threatening to break every window in my house if I didn't return the keys immediately. Laura, anger ham. I just mentioned that in passing. Ket tranquilizer, is that a ketamine? Yeah, or is that ketamine? 560, 750, 560, pound five60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Long. How come I get the feeling we're talking to ourselves here today? Are we? I don't know. WCQAM? Good morning. Yes, man. Did you notice that the damage to the Columbia was in the left wing? Oh, yeah. What do you think that means? Interesting. It might be something very symbolic there. Yeah. I had an idea, a lame idea for a poll for you. It's a very leased, it'd bring out the listmakers thinking what song title best describes this administration? Hmm. That's not bad. Yeah, the one that comes to mind is tragedy. Right. For me, maybe I can't stand it. You know, you get the point. Yeah, I get the point. Yeah. We have to be doing that tomorrow. OK. Well, I want W to just go away. OK. Thanks. Thank you. See you. Oh, she was kind of clever. 560, pound five60 on the AT&T. So what do you think Michael Jordan going to retire what? Come on, Carlos. Let's get with it. In fact, maybe we'll take that. He's got two votes on the poll. This is what we ought to be concerned about. Michael Michael motorcycle. Well, he retired again. Was he really, did he owe a lot of money and was damn golf this? What was that all about? And what was all that business about his daddy at they found in that car in North Carolina? What was that all about? Closet. I'm going to read more wind does column when we come back after the break with the they like it or not. I don't care if they like it or not. But it, just the first line of it. It's about the orange terror alert. She says such a fee is to wear a color for such an arm again moment. I mean, how can you not bring down even if you don't like her politics with some of our friends out there in the yard? Oh, he's doing that liberal crap again. Yeah. And what's your point? Did I just lose my pen? Oh, that's the end of the show. I can't do it. I just found it. That's a good news. All the right wingers who we lost is pen. That's the end of him. Which are liars man, butchered hypocrites, finger pointers. So all they know how to do. All those years we had to go through all of Ken Starbull crap. And isn't it for Tudas that that Anita Hill book did come out written by David Brock by the way? Isn't it lucky that he wrote that book so we could get Clarence Thomas nominated to discredit Anita Hill's testimony. Get Clarence Thomas on a Supreme Court. So when the year 2000 when we had to pick out through the present was going to be the Supreme Court Court of the George W. Bush. Smot wasn't that very fortunate and for Tudas. I tend to love it at 5.60 WQIM. Now the year has come and gone. It's early in the new year. And if you want your house look in Brands Bank and new. During this year make yourself even not too late to make another new year's resolution. And that is that you're going to keep your house looking great with the help of my good friends at dry concepts. Over 20 years now, well over 20 years. They've been cleaning the carpets in my home. And they'll do the same for you. And they'll do an unbeatable job. The likes of which you can't even imagine. If you ever had dry concepts, you don't know what carpet cleaning is really all about. They dry clean your carpets. And they're exclusive patented dry cleaning methods. Sox out even the deepest dirt in the fibers of the carpet. Leading them looking exactly like Brando. Nobody would even know that you didn't have Brando late on your floor. And of course they also do a stupidious job of cleaning your upholstery leather furniture. And all your other good stuff. Two year drapery. Whatever you need. And if you got pet odors and milled the odors caused by water damage, they'll make that all go away like a miracle on your floor. And as far as prices concerned, don't have to have any fear when you call these folks because dry concepts always gives you a written guaranteed price before they start doing anything at all. So give yourself a favor this year and always use dry concepts. You'll thank me for turning out of these people. They're the best in the universe. Call them toll free from anywhere. 1-800-24-850-71. 1-800-24-850-71. Or log onto their website to get more info about the fantastic worth they'll do for you at dryconcepts.com. Dry concepts clean today. And retain tonight. And log onto their website. What's the matter, pal? Prozack now working. Lithium just doesn't seem to do it for you anymore. Are you unable to cope? Then you need to talk to your doctor about new? Fugget all. It laws coming for the holidays? Fugget all. Boss riding you again. Fugget all. Fugget all. Fugget all has been prescribed in Europe for years. And thanks to a loophole in FDA regulations, he's now available in the good old US of A. Patients using Fugget all should be aware of the following side effects. oily discharge. Sponsines air laws. Genital shrinking. Historical blindness. Hitting stones. Uncertainly nail fungus. Reckled bleeding and worms. So when the pressures of everyday life get you down. I need this on my desk. My seven of the clock. Test came back positive. I'm pregnant. Fugget all. Just reach for that little blue bottle and say. Fugget all. 1045-56-20 coming. I got Joseph Gackie today. Oh! For the mad dog who's taking another one of his investments holidays. They're more power to him. Hey Goldberg, the hopper will be a chulose III. You got hurt Kuhnott line. It's 70 got the big 8 to 10. Any kid 10 from G.A. and Jill and Marko overnight will better not be in his room. I'll tell you then. But he laughed at him about it. I don't want them in here. Do you want them in there? No, we don't. We don't take it personal. We like you guys at least we used to, but just stay out of here. Because we're tied to your dick and with our goods. Okay, we don't want you to dick and with our goods anymore. Okay, guys. You're going to listen to us? No, good. Nobel winners attack Bush economics. Thank you Rob. 10 Nobel prize money kind of a kind of a tack president George W. Bush's tax cutting policies. Mr. Bush said his message on Monday designed to help revive the US economy and the US military spending to Congress for approval. Over capacity corporate scandals and uncertainty have and will continue to weigh down the economy, say, that Nobel economists, but the combination of cutting taxes and increasing spending will mean that the US is set to not your record budget deficits greater than those run up by his father more than 10 years ago. Seems to run on the family. The most pointed criticism by the economist is the proposed tax cuts will not deliver what they're meant to to provide a boost to the US economy, which is struck into recover from recession 2001. Regardless of how one views these specifics of the Bush plan, there is wide agreement that its purposes a permanent change in the tax structure and not the creation of jobs in growth in the near-term the economists, economists and the statement published by the economic policy institute. Nobel economic laureates Joseph Stiglitz, Franco Madd, Moder Giani and Lawrence Klein, Moriadiani. I love that name. Reserve much of their score for the proposal to cut the tax on sheer dividend payouts. This was a key component of President Bush's plan aimed at helping to shore up the struggling stock markets. The permanent dividend tax cut in particular is not credible as a short-term stimulus the statement said. Moreover, the proposed tax cuts will generate further inequalities in after tax income it said. In other words, more tax cuts for the rich. What it says, like Bubba said, the Larry King, I don't need it, you don't need it. And Larry said, I like that. Say it again, Larry. Well, I had that crank out a little bit because I was going to play that. Oh, look at this, Max Neil, is it me or does Moriah carry a face that looks like a bag of smashed asses? She should sue for the way she looked. And very good way to describe Moriah carry. She's got to push that looks like a bunch of smashed asses. Correct him if you ask me. Smash ass. Yeah, smash ass Moriah. Wow. So the guy that called before even though he was very boring and is reading with term on everybody who's good. Thank you very much, sir. I'm ego. The guy that called you is absolutely correct. She is going to be another godfather book on these days show this past Friday. Your favorites, Katie, Kirk and Matt Lauer introduced the new authories from FSU. He has written two Mafia time books which were not best sellers and Mario Puso's family chosen to write the sequel to the godfather. It'll start off or godfather one and two left off. This guy, one in an LC were one and two left off like I'm trying to think. If you had a godfather two, yeah. His mic will sit on the long. I think so. Whole bunch of killing. They're the hell they all in. Well, godfather one ends where he clothe my family. Katie walks out and they close the door. They're kissing his ring. Remember, Clemens and Tessio Lehmup and they kiss Michael's thing and his ring. And then godfather two ends. I'm trying to think. I'm going to lose that family. I'm going to rock head a bad him or the top. I remember that. Right. And then Fredo was. I just can't. It's just also a lot of jumbled now. Right. My memory godfather. You just because godfather two jumps all around. No, not. Come on. The collection. Yeah, but I'm talking about listen. Godfather one two and three part by part piece by piece. Four times the news taken a craft today. Okay. In other words, a bunch of times. What's? Oh, oh. Anybody out there believe it? No. One craft George. Forget about it. It's almost the level of clock already. How does it end? Godfather two. I forgot. I mean, Godfather three ends. He's sitting in a chair. He's an old. He's old. Right. It's the old because what's your name? I'm going to die. I'm going to die. Got the orange. And he's sitting there in a chair and he dropped and there's always a dog in the last scene. That's a lot of father two. There must have been a dog in the orange. I got the or George dog. Well, no, there. There was a lot of orange stuff going on because in Godfather one Marlon Brando was going to he peeled the orange. Remember he put it in his mouth. And the terror alert was orange. Oh, I forgot about you see how this all ties in together. Oh, my god, that wouldn't do spag. That Tommy, what's his name? Rich. Tommy Ridge would be so proud of us. Thomas and Tommy, he said Thompson. You know, let's see him anymore. And imagine why Tommy, that he drank water from a creek. The thing was an outdoor guy. It's not an epidemic. It's an isolated incident when he said he drunk water from a creek at that point. I developed such a creek in my neck. You know, I drunk water from a creek. Oh, you guys named Bob what up there in the Lantana? He's still dead by the one. The guy from the choir and all those other tabloids. Oh, I don't have trash guy. You better get with it, Mr. You don't know your anthrax, okay? Right. And Donald Rumsfeld's going to come in the stick. And the things. I need all. He's going to stick some things. Anyway, get back to this story. This guy, wine gardener is Irish German. And I have no idea why Puso family pick him and said, if a pizons says this faxer are cropped McFarth. The faxes from Gigi. So he knows this stuff with a very Italian last name. We said, I don't like using people's last names on the end of the fact. He says he's an Irish German, my cropped McFriend. Did you say that? Yeah, or something. Teach you to write new, gone father-in-aville. Mike Wine Gardener is joining the Coralioni family business. He's been selected to write the next Godfather novel. Wine Gardener a fiction writer who's previous subjects and would baseball Cleveland and organized crime was proclaimed a winner Friday of a contest to continue the saga of Mario Puso's fictional crime family. Isn't this what the guy read before, but we couldn't understand what he was saying? Yes. I couldn't understand it. The decision made by Random House and the Puso literary estate was announced on the Today show, the Godfather returns as tentatively scheduled release in the fall of 2004. Well, that's the only next year. But why'd still be alive then? Or not? There are many stories left to tell, said Wine Gardener 41 director of the creative writing program at FSEU. Little known until now he has the enviable chance to reach millions of new readers and the unenviable chance to let them down. No more fictional characters from James Bond to Scarlet O'Hara have been perpetuated after the author's death. There have been notable commercial successes such as Alexander Ripley's Scarlet, but few in a publishing industry found the posthumous books worthy of the originals. There's pressure just to write a good book anyway and that's really what I'm all trying to do Wine Gardener said. So if it's between Godfather 2 and Godfather 3, you follow on the sink? Right? Godfather 2 ended before we start figuring out what is going to be? What era? So Al Pacino's coming back? Right. Godfather. Robert Duval might come back because they didn't pay him enough to be Godfather 3, but if it's like interim, maybe they can pay him enough. How they're going to make him look younger right? Oh no. A lot of tape. How they're going to make Al Pacino look younger? Spackle. Ah. And who else would be in it? Okay. Head Clevence adopted. Okay. What the was your name? The actress played. And Keaton. Mr. Keaton. Mr. Hyman. Aphagoda wants to hear no more. No. Can't do it, Charlie. Can't do it. Now what about Clemenza? He died at some point. Between the 2nd and the 3rd. Don't we all. Yeah. He died at some point. Clemenza died? He died? Well he wasn't in the 3rd one, so. He didn't die from being fat though you think? Could be. Well not line of work. Look at all the people who were dead. Tom Hagen was dead in Godfather 3. Hmm. Clemenza. What was the priest, right? Wasn't it son of priest? Right. Which his father could have been here to see him now? To watch him alter boys. And Sonny of course got shot on the cross. It killed Sonny on the cross. Shut him on the cross. He's dead. Look what they did to the moon. Hmm. Remember he was drinking little wine? Came slipping downstairs. Right. Tell me what everybody else in my house seems to know. My wife is upstairs crying. Concer your area of mind. Cover that. When. Suddenly that. Say something like that. Oh we could get the book out. And then Robert Duval puts his head on his crotch and something like that. Remember that? Right. While in Brando seemed to be enjoying that a lot. Even though they had your shots in Tina when it comes with. You say something about looking my head. Anyway, so that's the way. But we're still hand. Somebody will call and let us know where to hell Godfather 2 ended off. Lift off. So we can figure out. We can just oppose where this is going to be. And of course the book is coming first. See. The book is coming first. Well that's good. Well no, but what I'm saying is that the movie assuming that there will be one and you can be sure that there will. You can bet Carlos's life on it. That there will be a Godfather 4. Now what about Marlon Brando and I can't be in here. We died and Godfather. Right. One. Right. Maybe his ghost will come back. How about how about Barzine? Is he going to be in it? Oh he's dead. He'll be the ghost of the area. How about my mobile green? No. No. He's watching. He's watching. Yeah. Who knew? No. He's watching. Anybody got there didn't see the Godfather. I wonder what the more talking about too bad. We feel very, very sorry for you and for us. We feel sorry for us like a dumbbelleys would say because in effect that you haven't seen the Godfather. I don't care if you like two years older 200 in excusable. In excusable. Good. Go to a galling this Molly. I'll use the line that I always use and I mean it as sure as I'm sitting my fat pimple as in his chair. Anybody who went into the Godfather hasn't seen it. Not just once but repeatedly. It's in a live. You think you're alive. You know a squat. You haven't seen a movie. You know a small smile, man. You wouldn't know. Smalls if they stuffed some on your God damn bread pudding. You ever have small tearing? No. There's a good. I don't know. I don't need fish. 10. 50. I don't even know what that is. Four minutes to 11 at five 60. You hear this? Oh, man. Why can't you see the size of this suit? Then we're going to be flying here for a month. Your cold. You got chills. The the disease. And when I came in here this morning my hand of the sky my left hand of course. I felt great. Not that I felt pretty bad smell. Got that rash on your face. Got this big rash. No, that's my head. But this place man. Oh, between a cold and a corporate mung and I'm getting like developing a headache. You don't want to see him? What are I complaining of? Because I got a big fat one in my pocket. And a check too. What more could you want? Then have a three big fat ones. Huh? What in your mouth? What in your wallet? And what in your pants? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? I mean, if I was you, if I was in your eye, I'd at least go out and take a look. I'd probably think about a joint, too. I would have gone out there and taken like a little bit of a look. I'm going to be part of that. Stampee. That. Wow. It was very embarrassing. I'll say that. It was pretty mortifying to watch all these people stop and down the hallway and screw and Like the pie pie for season. Right. All that in a hallway. So we can we can Google. We can go to a stair enter. You know? Anytime there's ever been a celebrity in any of these radio stations and I OD. I don't want to be part of that. Wow. Because most of all. I wanted a QMQD. Look like a duty. 1057 at 560. I'll show you how much I'm not saying sheet is. I didn't see what you looked like. A little more like your line. But then again. Hey, let me tell you about our good friend Tom Layman and Joe Prieto. They're buried. They got cars up to their eyelids. The fact we sent Hall of Pontiac. So they're many vehicles that they got a place to stick them. Even Tom Layman said it parked cars in SUVs and trucks. All kinds of crap in his driveway. So they'd like to place one in yours. Hall of Pontiac right now. This week they're blowing all the new vehicles. Regardless of profit, including the Pontiac Vibes. They're only 13,998 and up to 5 grand off on every GMC on Boynstock. Plus get yourselves zero percent financing or up to a $3,000 rebate. And as always, how let's got a tremendous selection of dependable use cars. Truck's gonna SUV's. And the credit deal. I keep telling you this over and over. Maybe you don't believe me. If you're afraid to go to a car dealer because of the fact that you're credit is so bad. These are the people you want to see. They won't laugh you off the lot. They might laugh behind your back a little bit. But it's the Winter Blizzard emergency sale going on right now at Hall of Pontiac GMC. You'll find them in the same place. They've been treating people sensational for over 35 years. 134.01 South, Tixie Highway. That's US one right across the street from the prestigious falls in Hall of Thrope in every day, seven days a week. Don't forget you'll save even more. But mentioning my name. Call now the New Yorkers. Neil Deel Hotline. Tol free for all the details. Call 1 Triple 8. 534.40 to 11. That's 1 Triple 8.534. 40 to 11 for Hall of Pontiac GMC. We are professional grades. 9. And look all. 6. 4. 8. 8. 8. 8. A fact of no york. You want faster. It's new and it's at Burger King. Godfather trilogy action figures. They're fun for the whole family. Collect all 10 mob action figures with each whopper, fries and super large drink. And that's a super large drink. No exceptions. Get sunny in his favorite garbage can. So you can beat the crap out of Carlo after he punches out sunny sister or get the bullet brittle body of sunny after he gets it at the Jersey toll boot. Wow. Isn't that great? Impress all your friends with a dawn himself. I'm making an offer. He can't refuse. So start organizing your neighborhood now and get the Godfather action figures. Remember it's only business. And it's at Burger King. You asshole. It's 1102 at 560. I like the way that worked out. Don't you? Kind of ladymover. Uh, Gigi who says she's 100% woman. Sorry, Gigi. I thought it said the genome. I don't know what it said. See? Our audience comes through. Here's the end of Godfather part two. Here's all a dialogue. All right. Page is of it. I think I might just read the whole thing. Like the last hour and a half. Let's go about it. We can do parts. You asshole. WQAM. Oh yes. Tom for George, please. I beg your pardon. What? Tom for George. Tom for George. Yes, thank you. What does that mean? I got it. To me information is George. You get the new old man. I don't want to bother getting on the air. Okay. You're talking to George. George. Yeah. Small is a German dish. Uh, very thin slice cucumber that's been drenched in mostly vinegar with a little bit of oil. Mm-hmm. That's what that's what small is. Okay. My mother serves it. Her mother was, mother was German. I'll tell that puts you old man. That's a balance for life's sake. Thanks. Yeah. They've served that up before. Oh, no. He had George's got the audience condition up. The old, tell the old man. If we lose the old man. Well, you lost the title, you know. Remember that scene? I lost the title out of a good man. Uh, an old man. You asshole. You're not in your mouth. Get out of here, Mo. How low can you go, huh? Yeah. On the Tahoe stand. It's the, where's the rest of this facts? Because this is very important from a gene. Oh, no, I remember. When you shut up. Okay. Where the hell's the rest of the facts? Because it says, uh, oh. The film has one of the most effective final images ever produced. It's a flashback. But see if I read that, then it's going to give it away. Now we're going to, I don't want to read all these pages of it. Let me just read the first part. On the Tahoe states grounds in the year 1959, a funeral has been conducted. Mama Coralione has passed away in a freighter. Another family member has paid the respect of the open coffin. Freighted wishes to speak to Michael, but does not allow the scene. So Connie, it receives in a brothers behalf. In the boat house, Connie kneels before her brother admits to her furnishes attempts to hurt him over the years. She basers forgiveness and insist that Michael see their unstable help as brother Fratel. Michael, I'd like to stay close to all mouth. It's all right. Michael, I hate it. Baba Baba. Uh, uh, I understand because, uh, oh, that's right. They're fishing. On the pier next to the lake photo, T's is young Anthony. How to catch the freely big fish with a secret technique of saying a hail Murray, every time you put the line in the water on the army base, Tom meets with Frankie, potentially. And as they share, by the way, Carlos, before he let me explain to him that Mike Oxley, uh, Ox, whatever that thing was. Ox long. See even I can't get away now. On the pier next to the lake, photo teaches young Anthony how to catch the really big fish with a secret technique of saying a hail Mary, every time he puts the line in the water. On the army base, Tom meets with Frankie, potentially. And as they share cigars and walk between two chain lake fences, they glowingly speak about the greater all days. How the Corley only family was like the Roman Empire and how the structure of the mafia families was modeled after the old Roman legions. Yati, yati, yati, they went home and sat in the hot bath, open up their veins and blooded it and sometimes they had a little party before they did it. Relations continue to be strained between cannabis, rain, tussman and Michael's home and it goes on and it's too many pages here. The godfather's three major enemies are killed simultaneously in a rapid succession of scenes cross-cut between each other. Hyman Roth is surrounded by customs officials and the FBI and taken into custody as he arrives at the Miami airport. He answers a press question about the high court of Israel's ruling. I'm a retired investor on a pension. I went to Israel because I wish to live as a Jew in the twilight of my life. Another report suggests he's worth well over 300 million dollars but he doesn't respond directly. I'm a retired investor living on a pension. I came home to vote in the presidential election because they wouldn't give me an absentee ballot. As the crowd chuckles he has shot point blank by Rocco posing as a newspaper man. Rocco was shot twice in killed as he flees. Rocco and flees? Frankie Pentangely takes his own life Roman style, his wrist angles over the side of the tub, as Fredo and Niri and Anthony get into a small motorboat to go fishing. Connie calls for Anthony time that Michael wants to take a son to Reno. Hearing that Anthony can't go, Fredo mutters, oh shmit. I don't remember that. He mutters something I couldn't make it out. Really? So, in other words, he knew what was going to happen? He must have. Carlos is no. Claw up Mike Oxelong and see if he knows. I keep trying to explain to him. Oshmit, as Michael stands inside the boat house looking through the other glass windows and leaves his blow across the compound, Fredo and Niri fish together in a boat on a lake to sky still with dark clouds. Hmm. For shadowing? For shadowing an ominous moment, okay? F***. Fredo's life is snuffed up by Niri as he fishes and resights a hell Mary. Didn't help. Michael hears the muffled shot and lowers his head. Niri stands up in the boat. Now, now we're finally getting to it. Finally, getting close. Another 2040, 60 pages. After his brother's killing, Michael sits alone in the dark boat house and thinks back in flashback. Ah, remember this? He's seen around the old Clawly only dining room table at the Long Island compound in lign 1941. Fredo's sole support of his brother makes the murder even more tragic. It's December 7th today that you pan bombed Pearl Harbor and the day of their pops birthday. The family waits he riveled down Clawly only in Oshkain, Marlon Brando. Sonny introduces Carl Rizzi. Johnny Russo to his brother for... Oh, that's right, James Khan in the special appearance because he wasn't in the movie. And the reason he wasn't in the movie is because they shot Sunday on a car. And then the droopy thing over there is brother Michael who's the young Dermoth educated Joe Collins of the family. Tessio delivers a rum frosted birthday cake for the occasion. At least it wasn't a tomato soup cake but it's cooked by a grace from passions. And you always want to have a tomato soup cake? Right now. What? The mood is festive until Michael reveals to the second generation Clawly only family that he's enlisted in the Marines along with 30,000 men rejecting the affirmant that his father had pulled strings to get out of it and get him out. Michael implies his legions to his country, rather than his family's code. Sonny, what do you think of the nerve of them, Jeffs, and slanny I'd back to to dup and bombs that are on back yard on pops birthday here? But at a, at a, nann, it goes on, Michael I enlisted in the Marines, y'all, y'all. I don't why do you do that, Tom, why you don't you come to us? At a, nann, incense, sun he slaps his brother's shoulder then assaults him before being held back. He'd aggressively tell Michael, break your father's heart on his birthday. Ironically, it's Freda who supports Michael who's made a responsible adult like this season to be apart from the family with an encouraging handshake. Hey, that's well, Mikey. Congratulations. Michael asks Plans for his own future, separate from his family's criminal activities and his father's plans for him. Michael is awkwardly left alone in the room at the table as the rest of the family assembles in a joining room in Sings of surprise for he is a jolly good father of the world. A rapid superimposed dissolve shows his father veto waving little Michael's hand from the train window as they leave the village of Koleone. Ah, this is Schmaltz. This is Schmaltz. The film has one of the most effective final images ever produced, the flashback ends in the image returns to Michael's face. Middle age, premature old Michael, now a ruthless soul is power mad in Pernoid gangster in the 1959, sits quietly and introspectively on a Tahu estate lawn chair as the cold winter approaches. He is once again alone and fully damned with all family loyalties dissolved, he's wearing his wedding ring, although he's separated himself from his waspicious strange wife K and the disintegrated aftermath of Becky of Helen figures isolated from everyone an empty dark brooding hollow dyes. His own worst enemies either murdered or alienated himself from those closest to him, including his brother Fredo and Fethel consider Yerry Tom Hagan. The carrot and I don't understand that. Oh, that's right. You're out Tom. Maybe I can help. You're out. The camera slowly zooms in for a close-up before fading to black and the film is credits. There you go. Thank you, Reggie. So much. Molta Grazzi. How's that go? Grazzi immediately. See, and how do you like that? I forgot all my 10 words of Italian. I want to cite out of mind, baby. I've brought those trips to those classes. How's Dr. Jack to a tax-alot Dr. Jack? You okay, my book? Oh, my God. You gotta be kidding me. 560, 560, pound-560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. A Monday from hell. Aren't they all, though? Another Monday from hell. Is that the Huraculian? 10 past 11 we got Joseph Gackie for a mad dog. I want to clock if you think you're in an radio hell right now. Hey, guys. What women really wanted Valentine's Day is for you to put a little fun creativity into your gift. This year, express yourself in a fun and original way and say with a cute little Vermont teddy bear. Just call 1-800-829-Bear and a friendly bear-counselable hub you choose more of or 100 bears. Handcraft didn't Vermont and delivered in a couple of gifts box with a free card and shop at. Tell her she lights your fire with the new burn-love bear dressed like a honky fireman with love tattoo on his arm. Or say I'm wild about you with the jungle of bear. They even have an officially licensed lovely tender Elvis bear sending a Vermont teddy bear as a creative person to alternate their flowers will be around long after Valentine's Day to remind her of you. This is a very interesting thing about the world of the world of the world. It's a very interesting thing about the world of the world of the world of the world. It's a very interesting thing about the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world in the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world, perfect Yeah, gorgeous and간arbeit, all gorgeousinhas Among it rings in the world, perfect. I mentioned they went wild. Well, certainly well. Number 14 at 5.60 W. W. K. I don't want to near schools. I don't want to. To children. That's an infamy in my city. In my city we should keep the traffic in the dark. People. The color. They're animals. Anyway, so let them lose their souls. Remember that? I'll come to the whole of Europe. That was no offer. As opposed to the attended American, the information link and told John Dodgeola. I've asked that before, but nobody has an answer. Nope. Here's another one. This is from Eric in Kalamazoo, who wants to know. He says out there there must be someone in Miami, who knows what they'll Schmaltz's. Schmaltz isn't a cucumber. It's chicken fat. Of course. Schmaltz is the English for chicken fat. Usually gets mixed in with chocolate. Is that what I said? I was trying to buy chocolate. Yeah. Eric, I hate to break the news to you. But top Florida where you thought all those Jews were first of all. The old Jews are dead. And secondly, this area has been taken over by a bunch of people who don't speak English. What? Who don't know for a name on those schmaltz from their ass, okay? So don't give me that. Eric, up there Kalamazoo, freeze the zansoff. Sorry about that, Eric. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T of rise. We're doing a little squealless Monday. And still no response. Nothing. 367 votes on a poll. Which of these things should we be most concerned about? 277 people say war terrorism and bloodshed? Hard argue with that? But? Who'll be the next American Idol 52? Michael Jackson's a bad dad 16. Michael Douglas says in the movie 10, one happened to the Columbia 10, and Michael Jordan will retire again 3. Which you're going to be hearing a lot about Michael Jordan on this station, round the clock, baby. More than noon and night. Except between 9 and 1. Did you hear all the stuff about him this morning? No. Here's our only call. WCOM. I'm not a touch liberal. Okay. I'm a touch liberal. Touch this. 567, little hot run artist there again. Can't handle the truth. Can't deal with reality. Means iron chef. Means spirited the storytellers on the right. Make up a bunch of crap. Not one call on the board. I guess we've got to play music now to one o'clock. On our 44 minutes. On the screen. Screalless Monday. Right. I think we've scraped the bottom right now. I think I can feel on it now. Sorry. We've never had a Monday like this. We haven't. Like this? Are there there? Don't be giving me that crap. WCOM. No. Yes sir. Oh, how are you? Right on about Colone Germany. And Munich too. We were there recently in this beautiful and good people. Yeah. And they just seem so way ahead of everyone in this country. I mean, I could textually socially everything. Way ahead. You're absolutely right. They think, well, the whole administration, their psychotic fools, which they are. Psychotic fools. But it seems to me reading the papers over there. That's the only place where you can recryticism of this government and this administration. Unbelievable. You don't read it here anywhere. Are you reading Canada too, man? Toronto there are slice them and ask. In Canada and then be no extra spacers too. They're really ripping him on all that. Anyway, keep it up. Thank you. Okay. Thanks. That's all for this. But I'm about and therefore we all have the goose step in line because he said it there for must be too long. And a story about that guy that's supposed to al-Qaeda terrorists who hung out there and bagged that for a while. There is on page 14 in the sun, and a sun, sentle. Terrorists, let's talk who's saying, still hazy like, we don't think so. We don't think so. But they keep showing all the pools and they keep spinning it and spinning it. And it's not a question of if it's just a question of when. I say like about March the 5th. Well, we already wrote your prediction down. And you'll notice what they're saying now is that even spread the orange alert went up on Friday. You're saying, well, they're probably going to hold off on any of this. And then as soon as we start the attack on Iraq, as soon as the first bomb falls, as soon as the first Tonya will get some Benaut of shape, then the Schmitz going to hit the fan. And they'll try out Tom. Where you again, he'll stand up there looking like a mannequin. And he'll say, well, we gave you a warning, and you know, I'm, et cetera, and so on. And it will be in his whole reasons to take away more rights, right, and lock down everything. Are you questioning the USA paper you'd act again? Again. Blow off that rubber wrap, he's gone back. Don't say blow up. Come and get you a. Freedom and culture's book, Flander, can't get. Come and get you a. Hi, is this green one? Yes. Listen, don't waste your time. I mean, that movie. I already read all about Slander and Ann Coder in this book by David Brock, okay, Schmuck. What? I'm not talking to you. I'm talking to the other guy going. Oh, I was going to say, you don't even know me that well. They call me that. Okay. Anyway, don't waste your time seeing that movie, Biker Boys. Biker Boys? With Lawrence Fishburn and Lisa Blonnaie and Kid Rock. I saw last night, and it's done. I was just going to see it as soon as I left work today. Hi, you know, good. I'm trying to save you the time. Don't see it. Run my whole day. See that movie with Al Pacino and Colin Ferrell that recruit. Ah, I saw the previous for that. It looked like he ought to get the. Gone right off the stage. He was on a wrong show. They've been yanking it. They, you know, what's the. It's a good movie. You should see it. But he definitely needs to get a teeth clean when they show close-ups of his teeth. He's got some nasty bottom yellow teeth, man. And Al Pacino and his finger nails are all dirty. I did want to let you know. Okay. Thanks. Thanks for your time. Since he was in that set of a woman, you know, he can't see his teeth and fingernails to put on any of that. Yeah. That's what it is. They didn't give him a sight back after the movie. No, of course not. He crazy. That would be like Antonio getting his sight back when he comes out of his coma on passions. But what do you know about that? Not much, nothing. Not too much with his very unfortunate because that could like change your turn your whole life around. WQAM. Yes. Real valuable. How big you're pardon? Real valuable. Nice busy. Doing already a show. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line WQAM. Yes, sir. A few of my friends and I will argue in about the future form of our government and taking the next decade or so. The future form of our government? Yes. I mean, the policy is taking into consideration while they're all threatening that it's going to be terror actions country or whatnot. And we're, well, the thing is it all started with a lot of people believe that nine one one happened on purpose. And we are talking about it. What do you mean by that? What do you mean on purpose by whom obviously wasn't an accident? Well, not on purpose, but they didn't find a thing that they let it happen. Yeah. Okay, regardless of that, we are arguing if our own government was pushing for something What, what, what my friends think is something like call the police state or but I was thinking well, I mean, what do you mean they were pushing for a already in one my friend? Robert, you know, we live in a police state. I mean, well, I mean it's, well, it's one like a big brothers type of police state, but I'm, let me say again, we, that's exactly describing America right now this moment. Exactly, but I was thinking of more of the extreme version. Which I'm not sure it's called the police state. I think the terminologies like Marshall Law. Right. Where if this place turned into an Israel where there would be bombings here, less than right, that the American public is such screaming to see like American tank from the streets. You know, it's like, I was just wondering if you or George or anyone else in the audience might think that anything like that could have been in this country. We're on our way, man. Well, I guess we're going to have on the handbap. I know. See it, the airport. All right. Okay. Got flight style in a row. I'm not in the handbap, either. We have our radio and coder book. I love these hidden run-right wingers, don't you? They can't, they can't debate it because anybody and coder. I mean, if you want to hold her up is a bash of truth. She's a simple thing. She doesn't know George is asked for my elbow, okay? Just a hateful sow who just spews a lot of garbage. But oh, it's a liberal media and see that they can handle the fact that they're being out of their all being dragged out of the closet. They would buckle apart in an expression and misdruged to, oh, sorry, Matt. 567 self-hating, 560 pound, 560 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Can he start the whole thing? The whole thing is Steve Taylor right here in his book. As if you need that. No, no, you do need it. I didn't think I needed until I read this. Okay. I'll believe me, every all that it tells, all the juicy details. Bill Crystal George Will Bill Crystal Robert Novak and Colter Bill O'Reilly. Go on Tony Snow. Could just go on down to list. 90% of the people are talking heads you'll see on TV. Part of this whole right wing thing now. What is the liberal media did this? Now the liberal media didn't have the guy named Country for all these. All I'd like like Eric Alderman points on this book. They felt the compelled to go along. Washington Post New York Times. Monica Gate, Trooper Gate. Whitewater, you name it. Forget about the $70 million. That's the least of the sins. That's all those years of crap. Nobody QAM. Yes sir. Good morning to you. Good morning to you sir. You mentioned fashion. I used to go on a young Spanish guy. I used to watch fashion. Yeah, what happened? It's like they're stuck in 2000. It takes like two years for one week to go by and that's a so popular thing. You can make K is working with Tabitha now. They're down in the basement. They're doing it. They have a card. They found out that Antonio was getting sick. That's when I stopped watching. That's when I stopped watching. Whatever he was going to die. I couldn't stomach him anymore. I was just dragged away to my first. I started working. I got a job. I got a suggestion for that. These amazing things called VCR's tapin. No, no, I used to record it every day. I used to record it. I might not watch it again. It's not that. There was a lot of you stopped talking about fashion though. So hey, I knew real quick. In closing. Five, six, seven, seven, seven, What happened? Emotions, stop. I told you, but I started. It's like an accident once he turned it off. Now I think he might have been trying to say, I'm not sure. I think he was trying to say that, wouldn't it? Senatewoman? Not even. You still haven't seen that movie? No, don't. I don't want to. Don't. If you value your eyesight, don't do it. Or maybe watch it with your eyes closed. Don't know. Seriously. Sounds like a woman. Oh. See, I want to remember Al Pacino from the Good movies. From when he was good. And any good movie when he acted good, which is needed one of those. Well, I tell you, I got a real mess here. Who knows, make up this log these days. This is the water Nazi back on a wonder. Don't mess with my log. Okay, water Nazi. We won't mess with your log, honey. Ooh. Thinking about calling her honey, just the thought of that makes my skin turn purple. 26 after 11 at 5, 60 WQM. If you gain some weight, man, or if you're one of those professionally fat people. Good. Golly Miss Malae. I'm fat, but I look around me. And I see a fat people are just, it looked like all America's had a bicycle pump stuck up their ass and just porked up something like almost overnight. And last few years. Here's the answer for your balance for life. The beast is down almost 50 pounds of balance for life. But now he ought to be down about 70. If he wasn't screwing around so much. And I just, I don't want to play a bunch of boss. But all that free food you're getting from balance for life, beast. So it's going to go to a Mac Azac. Starting next week, if you come in this Friday and you haven't lost enough weight, we're cutting your water off. And the food too. I'm going to give Azac this is the Azac. I'm serious. I mean, this beast guy, the character we've been working to save his life. And it comes in here. Stop it around on Friday. Like he's pissed off at the world. You got to be convinced off except himself. They're bringing him that little black sack every day. And there is the three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks right there. Well, more could you want. All the food you need for the whole day is right in there. You don't have to count calories. You don't have to count carbs. You don't have to go shopping. You don't have to do with damn thing. The only choice you'd make is between two alternatives reach meal every day that you're on the program. So let balance for life help you lose the weight once and for all. Instead of worrying about some freaky thing or a bunch of dangerous pills. Just call 9.54. 5.6.8.32.29. I guarantee you'll do even better than the beast because he's an emotional cripple. 9.54. 5.6.8.32.29. Or visit their website and see how it works balance for life.com. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 6.6. 6.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5. 5.6. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5.6. 5. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 6.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 6. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 6. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 6. 6. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5. 5. 6. 8. 9. 5. 6. 5. Which one? 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 4.6. 5.7. 5.6. I just want to comment about Trista. She was talking about sign in autographs for an hour after the game like someone's gonna stay in the life for an hour To get a bachelor red autograph I'm not material okay, thanks now when she was a cutie you might want to autograph a Q. I am cutie that it oh as opposed to like a real cutie I know we're pushing a little bit too far you can't be both one thing to be a QM QD but to be a real QD well You can't have everything you're on sin 560 pound 560 on the AT&T whatever that is in Verizon wireless line And I love of course him the one you're talking about he's always didn't run mr. contrary But even the other ones the right wingers it's like a little a little one little half a sentence and click you know That's it a little hit run don't say no material. I'm not gonna say cuz how can they rationalize because it's all right here in print One of the main movies and shakers one of the main writers of all of the fabrications all the bullcraft the real need to heal all the Hillary crap There it is not only is he out of the closet now, but so is all a bullcraft WQAM WQAM is local voice. WQAM WQAM Oh, now yes, sir So hug me yes, I To turn the radio down there please. I have the very hard time. I don't know why I live up a Wellington I get to every better reception up a Wellington and I do down here in Barricade Yeah, the close you get to the station to worse the signal comes in that's a plot. That's a weird word. I can't figure that out I I just picked up the phone and call you just because I wanted to we were talking about the politics thing real quick and If I had to chance the vote for Clinton again, I would have but I couldn't So unfortunately The thing with the without law or was he was a no name. I didn't hear a thing from a month ago The last three days of the you know the elected Personnel name vice president. He didn't even do anything. Yeah, he ended up Yeah, he invented the internet and he saved those miners down there in Pennsylvania And he drank a mean mice hard lemonade You know, but the reason if he did something prior to running for president I think we might want to and what it George W. Bush did before running for president after hours years after the years We had a prosperity and the claim administration what did George W do? Absolutely nothing. It was it was a horrible choice and both I'm both yeah, yeah, that exactly what I said I agree with you I'll say it again What do we do? We vote for it? We write it right now. I'll see it the airport. They're long lines But it's well worth it there's South Alphalconey our good close personal friend nice to see you Thanks for the loss. I mean the water back in business again outstanding boy if there ever was a time We needed some water somebody cut off our water a long time ago when I we got it back Outstanding South Alconey who's from Corley, only by the way What's wrong with that? There can be worse things than being from Corley on understand it's a beautiful place in fact I'm leaving right after the show 1157 at five 60 WQM size matters guys. I make no mistake about that according to the Florida Department of Labor Computer professionals have big big gigantic juicy impressive ones and Naturally we're talking about the only thing that really counts in that's a paycheck because if you got a big paycheck Everything else don't really make that much difference According to the state of Florida computer clears are among the highest paid in the highest demand fast rank it WC of a new high-pain computer career in just four short months and before you know it You'll have a big fat one in your wallet and in your bank account fast range got locations all over town They're in Kendall Miami for Lododale and Pembro Pines. I got the evening weekend schedules So there's no excuse to say in a crappy dead-end job making working for peanuts Just call fast-trained toll free and they'll explain it to you just how quickly you can do making a really serious income Call 866 fast-trained a gut full-time job placement and guarantee financing 2 soon worry about that call them at 1 866 fast-trained or check them out of the web at fast-trained.com Now you can have a big impressive one. Two thanks to our good pie zons at fast-trained Stayed Goldstein, but you can call me down. See whenever I'm in town. I listen to wait a minute I am in town. It's the 12th of one hour Sit This is my life is time for another. You'd sure've almost promised Something first said you went to the когдаbacks She said what a game a lawyer did was a weird gentleman a clown to Don't plan to, so I went to the snore, got a call for the horn, and she don't last without you. Screw you! Snow kids, youngins and boys, have a suit with your wedding wade and long stay. Put that on the wade and sapper you can eat in the after they all you can eat for play. She needs something down, so the plane of girls and she finds someone shut the cube in her head. I'm trying to do what you're doing, so I'm not keeping you in the garage. I hate the toilet, but just stay in the garage, guys! Take this day, die like that, smile! Take this day, die like that, smile! Take this day, die like that, smile! Take this day, all family please! Well, I'm bringing press by this, looking at some of the facts that made us about American Jews, should be political punches because no apologies are necessary, audio audio. And I look at to see the list of names on here, people are right for whatever this rag is. Michael Barron and Colter, that hint to off, well that's interesting. Lawrence Cudlow, Charles Cronhammer, Morton Turncote-Condracky, Michael Medved, Tony Snow, Cal Thomas, Ben Wattenberg George Will and Mortzuckerman. Let's be liberal publication. Yeah! Ha ha ha! Must be right down the middle, like all these other people, leds to be. Rhyne O'U left wing liberal comedy, Pink O' Democrat, yeah. Is if somehow, that's against the law. Is if there are outrage that anybody could be on you, expressing this hint? How dare you? The sense of a woman? Ooh, South Al-Coddy brings us in from our friends at Smart and Final Semonis, So Aquaman Arale, Cungass, C. Galvanina. And it says, the ancient Roman spring, and when you taste it, you have the feeling that what's upon it's time? No, it's good. It tastes like ancient Roman. It tastes like Jewish-assies or maybe think a little bit. It's good stuff, or at least soaked in the spring there. Hmm. Ah, it's a Mahay as they see in Roma. Huh? What are you laughing about? They say that in Roma. It's a Mahayah. See? Gratzi Amelay. South Al-Cona are good pies on. There he goes. We got the water back. See, we're making a, taking some headway. Unlike our friend, the delduge. Do you see this? No. Pretty pressing. Deldude and pot bust. Oh, no. Is this for real or is this a joke? Is this a joke? This has got to be a joke, isn't it? Hey, dude, you're getting a sell. Benjamin Curtis, the 22 year old actor who portrays the delguine, those bothersome computer commercials, was arrested late last night in marijuana possession charge. The smoking gun is learned. Oh, that's the website, the smoking gun.com. According to cops, Curtis was holding a small bag of marijuana when he was popped on Manhattan's low-reside at Love Low and Livington. Curtis is currently being held in central booking and his kids will be a rame-leaded today in the man. This is as of this moment in Manhattan, criminal court. Curtis who lives at Lower Manhattan was charged with criminal possession marijuana misdemeanor. Bonnie Shemoski, the actor's agent, since he was unaware of her clients bust when cocked at this morning by the smoking gun. How do you like that? You're getting a delduge? Ah, not pot. Not another pot hit in America. Oh my god. Oh my god. It's just, you know, you just want to throw up your arms in here and say, what's the use? You know, what's the use? Right. They also said that in Rome. 560, 560, pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon line, which are these things you'll be vote most concerned about, sir, a poll today? 476 votes, War Terrorism and Bloodshed 353, 74%. Who'll be the next American Idol 72? Michael Jackson's a bad dad, 22. A guaranteed glory. All red vote was won, those 22. Michael Douglas has an Omovie 12. What happened to the Columbia 12? And Michael Jordan will retire again. 5. Yeah. Let's do a few more hours on that. Do you think that Michael Jackson's rate on that for a couple hours today's fill in for the mad dog? That's a bad news of one clock. We like you, Joe, but you're really boring. WDQAM. Yes, like the day of the meal. Yes, sir. Hello. Yes, I'd like to say hello to Neil. Hello. Hello. Yes. I'd like to say hello to Neil. Hello. Yes. Yeah. I just want to let you know we could kill interesting oldies. People that are so poor. I mean, these people are just looking up from misery and hate. They're going to live a long time being that way. But just want to let you know, when I come across people that are poor, I asked them to $64,000 question. Yeah. How come you haven't enlisted yet? I mean, like Robis Feld who was never wearing the military. Yeah, you know, I mean, like, you know, buckle me. And boys, George, one of the boys. Of course, he was missing somewhere. He was off. I do not know what. Right. You got one. That's right. What is up to the Chinese? You should be down there. Right. You know, it's incredible. I mean, people, they just think they talk more. I mean, they don't have anything else to lose. You know, nothing want to embrace life for the enjoy it, or they just so miserable. Must have been, it's been pointed out many times over the last months that they've been know, you know, pounding the drum beats of war that the very people who never fought in the war, the ones who were very anxious for a people to send their kids off to be killed in one. Yeah. I had a strange, but you know, I haven't had a, I really think there is some hope. So because I think that the people who are against it are starting to speak up, and I think we're even here more from them. I don't believe that. Don't think so. Well, well, I hope. I don't think so because, you know, they had 20,000 demonstrating in Munich. They said, I'm a straighting all over the world against the war, and they knew this media that give it like a casual reference to them and make a passion comment. And maybe you'll see a clip of about five seconds. That's it. Yeah. I've spoken about a month ago. I mentioned a webpage. You called IPL.org. Yeah. If you ever checked it out. No. It's really good because you can revert your knees. You know, newspapers from all around the world on this website. And I think it's something a lot of you are listening to, check out. IPL. IPL.org. Okay. Thanks for getting that public library. Okay. Thanks. I've agreed to. You two. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T for rise and wireless line. You better hop aboard, George. I'll tell you that right now. We're going to go in there and kick their ass. And we're going to put that big hose in there. We're going to put our big hose in the up to the oil fields. We're going to just suck a dry man. It looks 29 cents a gallon. Super unleaded. W2QAM. QAM. A little too slow for me. W2QAM. Yes, sir. Okay. Listen. You know, the red fear was he black. I beg your pardon. Red fear black. That's all. The bullet on there. Red fear. Grand GRA and T. Yes. You didn't play for the Boston Brunsy. Play for the Edmonton Oilers. They also played for the Brunsy. Oh, I'm for about five minutes, maybe. Oh, yeah. What's the reason why they want to go? Oh, my God. W2QAM. QAM. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Speaking. You got. Yes, sir. How you doing, Neil? Okay. That I've been hearing late, you know, is who I haven't been here and actually is the truth. You know, and the only person that really is giving the truth is you. Yeah. And that's what I say. Well, that's the problem, you know, that, you know, these people, these bright wingers, they're scared of saying the truth. And as you, being someone that is giving the truth, you know, they be bashed, you know, and that's the shame because the truth is, doesn't need to get hurt. You know, I have a lot of boys and my insular in the army. And themselves, they tell me all the time, you know, why we want to war. You know, it's just a shame what's happening. And I'm really grateful that you know, you are given the truth, you know, and, you know, I just want a couple of months for you show you've been doing a good job, buddy. Thanks a lot. Yeah, I'd like to thank you. Good luck. Good luck to us. Good luck to us. And if you do tell the truth, man, they're kind of drum your ass off here. They want airbie buddy on airbie radio station on airbie television station in every news paper, every periodional people are right stuff on printed toilet paper. They wanted all to be the same. Did O'Din O'Din O'Din O'Din O'Din O'Din O'Din O'Din O'Din O'Din O'Din They make it up and you're supposed to be the mouthpiece. You're supposed to be the mouth organ. Do you ever play the mouth organ? Johnny, your harmonic cats, I have. Cut aside, is that make? Ask father O'Tua, he'll tell you. I'm in it's afternoon at 5.60 WDQM. Hey, guys, speak to that. Well, women really want to valentine today is for you to put a little fun and creativity into your gift this year. And all the time. So this year, express yourself in a fun and original way and say, with a Vermont teddy bear. Just call 1-800-829 Bear and a friendly bear, a council will help you choose from over 100 bears, handcrafted in Vermont and delivered in a colorful gift box with a free card in chocolate. Tell her she lights your fire with a new bird and a love bear dressed like a hunky farmman would love to add to one his arm or say I'm wild about you with a jungle love bear. They even have an officially licensed love meat tender, Elvis bear. Setting a Vermont teddy bear is a creative personal alternative to flowers and will be around long after valentine's day to remind her of you. Send a bird to the office so that her coworkers can see just how thoughtful and romantic you are overnight in valentine's day delivery guaranteed. Call 1-800-829 Bear or if you like shop online at Vermont teddy bear.com. This year, do it right guys. Set with a Vermont teddy bear for valentine's day. Be sure and tell them that fat old Neil told you to call 1-800-829-828-R. Come on boys continue at one hour. See your name will you? Yes. If you've seen this until now, which stimuli have to come out, but for ten, you will see that text. Eh. Good night. Don't... Well, I've seen it. rapped their story for ages. So what is it? What is an explanation to your brother or sister? I'm not like I gotta think about on top of getting raped in and I don't need a rating that my mistake Don't say I want to do it on the Sunday, you gotta wait a little harder on the guests you love A roasted guts to grow There's a lot of fat producers you know That's right, what's your fat fat? When you don't wait for them all no more than that What's your fat fat? When you don't wait for them all no more Brother all that blah blah I don't understand how you can eat from a truck while using both hands Perfect that's what you made a rating school You just like Clinton and all your fault but a straight new fat ass out Well, we'll take the food out of your mouth. That's right, but you're fat You won't wait for them all no more No more But you're fat fat You won't wait for them all no more This is what we say Back 14 at five 60 WC so I have your permission to read another page or two from this book the what liberal media the truth about bias in news by our government You know forbiscum He says in 1985 Murdoch acquired 20th century Fox studios in much the same way he acquired the New York post Where lots of cash and some crucial political interventions from the politicians he funded He combined the company with the fledgling Metro media television stations to launch America's first new broadcast network since the early days of TV Fox was given every break imaginable throughout the 1980s and the grounds that a new television never should be encouraged Finally in 1994 following nearly 10 years of indifference the FCC checked into the network's ownership to see if it was for an own It was Murdoch's news corporation was actually on Australian company out in America and one is he had portrayed it But rather than allow the commission to enforce the law according to read hunt and FCC chair conservative Republicans lamb-baseded me for the audacity of having looked into the question While some of what the Fox network produces been genuinely great most notably the Simpsons much of its programming appears devoted to answering the question just how low can you go? Conservatives like William Bennett and Pet Robertson and Drake condemning liberals for the promotion of casual sex and alternative lifestyles of the expenses Society's bedrock social institutions like marriage and courtship But Robertson has no more powerful and influential enemy in this regard than his business partner in the Fox family channel And the spring of 2000 that ever fit invented studs a dating show with stripping men managed to amaze even its critics with who wants to marry a millionaire Here women were invited to prostitute themselves in the base the institution marriage for the greater glory of Fox's ratings It almost didn't matter that the programs producers went about this task entirely And competently as he led's millionaire was no such thing, but did have for you a few restraining orders in his past The marriage was never consummated, but the bride did get to pose naked in playboy Are you afterwood postmanaged to what's off in the culturally basements we've fixed with the debut of temptation island in which four committed couples were dumped on an island and Field canoeing in various combinations From the outset the Network's news programs demonstrate they similarly Catholic interpretation of the term family values when it came to reeling in viewers and hence profits Its original flagship a current affair erased much of the journalistic rule book as Bert current one of its top producers later recounted in order to get a Copy of a tape alleging to show the actor Roblo having sex with sung-young women of jail by age the 1988 Democratic Convention in Atlanta The producers lifted footage from in Lannis station and claimed it was its own paid a club owner for the sex tape Even though he had no legal ownership and physically destroyed the evidence in the face of a lawsuit As current puts it the Roblo tape was a milestone for the show in tabloid television sex celebrity politics crime Orally America's obsession with home video cameras were all rolled into one who were the effing champions of the world In fact the vets caught on tape didn't really take place in Atlanta But were filmed in France that were no underage girls involved in hence no story, but nobody ever reported that Details aside current was right the conservative Roger Aels the former Reagan Bush a to them went on to hit Fox News channel Said he didn't believe that such shows even required defense News is what people are registered in AL said we're just getting the same girls to dance around shiny or polls Despite this rather tricky track record family values wise when more talk began Fox News channel in 1996 with Ales at the helm Conservatives fell all over themselves to praise it if it hadn't been for Fox I don't know what I've done would have done for the news threat lock gosh during the Florida election recap George W. Bush extooled Bush 1-Ade turn anchor Tony Snow for his impressive transition to journalism And especially tape April 2000 tribute to Snow said a morning show The right wing heritage foundation had to warrant its staffers to stop watching so much Fox News on their computers less the entire system crash The conservative orientation of Fox is invaluable to the right not merely because Fox offers this spin on reality conservatives For for to have people see in here, but also because it helps pull the rest of the not terribly liberal meeting its direction Early right discussed the key role played by Fox and its election analysts George W. Bush's loyal cousin John Ellis in Having created the media stamp he'd call the election for Bush But the hiring of Ellis was no isolated incident rather with symbolic of business as usual For instance when just before election day the media discovered that George W. Bush had been hiding a DUI conviction Fox seemed to spin the incident even more fiercely than Carl Roven care and use Morton could drachy of roll call called a footnote John fun to the wall Street Journal a blip Maralea son of NPR yes, I agree with that. I think it's a blip The program in question fox special report with Brit humor Did not even bother to devote much attention to the potentially election-altering news instead it focused once again I'm troubles Al Gore heading finding all for a Ralph later When it did return to the store the FNC the Fox News channel spin focused on the Bush's campaign charge that the Gore team at somehow engineered the leak FNC's Tony snow went so far to give credence to rumors that the Clinton administration had been involved in predicted this might help the Bush campaign By creating sympathy for it and therefore backfire on Gore snow never said to shred of evidence for any of these claims Which was wise as none existed Meanwhile FNC's Paul Osan used a lot on the question of just how long main Democrats had said on the story In fact it was the local main newspaper where the Bush family compound is located that said on the story for whatever reason We cannot know as Eric Bolert noted all this spinarian Damage control is indeed a far cry from the days during the head of the Clinton scandals when former FNC correspondent Jeff Duw all according to his account New York magazine was once met by a news producer who came up to me and rubbing her hands like you Ryan heaps said let's have something on whitewater today Such fair is however the norm for a station where a special about foreign policies hosted by Fox commentator and former House rea speaker nude gingrich Heroes and irregular series is hosted by gingrich's ex colleague in the Republican congressional leadership John Kasich and on the real rig in a panel Discussion on Ronald Reagan hosted by Tony snow all six guests were Reagan friends and political aides plus the ever personality north Fox's coverage of the conflict net gannister and a similarly slanted ball so kind of crazily flawed Most famous of course was the incident which heraldor were very missed this bodily Hallowed ground for which he pretended to be reporting by a mirror 200 miles Just a little expert ex uh ex or expert What liberal media the truth about bias news by Eric Alderman hardcover itself go by ten copies today 567.05 60 now I take the bad data of quits nothing glued pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line WQAM Hello, yes, sir. Oh, hello, New York. How you doing? Okay. I love your show. Huh? And listen, um, what they were saying is about Saddam Hussein He's got like about a week to Either this arm or they might be a possibility of war They said he's a very disarming gentleman. Yes, yes, I understand it, but I was just reading no newspapers back from the 80s Yeah, we also need to focus on the other people too like remember more more Muhammad Codopy yeah, he's somebody that you know, we shouldn't let our go and we cut his balls off. He's small potatoes now I know he's we kind of got a lot We know about since we killed his kid. He can't down a lot Right, but I'm saying a lot of people don't realize that he's that Olivia's on one of the you know countries that sponsors terrorists. Yeah, well like like Linda Blair said in the exercises in time And then a lot we need to also find out what's going on with that food. Yeah, okay Maybe Michael Jordan is gonna have a lot of time on his hand after he hangs it up at the end of the season Maybe we can sick Michael on him. What do you say? Huh? Why not? It could be our new and back to the old double double WCOM Hello, yes, sir. Hey, just quick question. I want us to open one of the sports guys can answer one question We don't have any sports guys here sir now. It's a wrong time call after one o'clock when Joseph get get get get get get get get get get get you'll be here Hope a one of the sports guys. See that's a curse that we have to operate out of the sports thing here the sports curse of QAM Yeah George is like Like Ron clean now like we like to take a quick shower separately of course Of course you try to take a shower on this place and certainly you're running like two of the sports nerds taking a shower together Everybody's chasing you with a towel with that about it and what they'll say to about Hank talking about Ken Maldon paying for it For what talk about the podcast called the kettle fat Humper come on. Are you kidding us? That was you hear that promo that was terrible poor Ken out in here You'd be embarrassed for the Humper well he hasn't been well lately and always another weather WQAM WQAM WQAM Yes, sir Speaking WQAM Turn that radio officer We're one here all the co-fantities spewing from your radio in the back Okay, okay, I kind of assure you listening to anyway You're speaking oh Yeah, we were debating I've got one chance to read debating who you think was yeah better presidential Kennedy was it WQAM Do you enjoy Joey Joey Zazaz what he said five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line Joey Zazza Who didn't even hit the board and at big race in Pompano 39 Would you there Brian series had seven more winners of Pompano Park I just got Brian baby. We love you WQAM Yes, sir, you know talking about the liberal press You know you can reach stuff on You know websites like buzz flash Yeah, you will never see in the media like I saw something over the weekend about Then new Hampshire Republican party you know how on election they people call in to get Rides for the polls yeah well the Republicans hired a company to Call into the Democratic lines and high up their Their lines so people couldn't call in yeah But you know that this is kind of something that's been happening for like Last couple elections, you know they've been The whole couple well, you know the Republican why does you understand that they're all a bunch of crooks Don't sing a lot just the Republicans are all a bunch of crooks from the way Joe Kennedy fixed the 60 presidential election They're all a bunch of crooks Yeah, but the Republicans Anybody lives in South Florida should understand that election crooks is like goes with the territory They've they've been handing out these pamphlets and black laborhood saying you know you can't vote if your rent isn't paid or You know that happened in St. Louis and Baltimore They were handing out pants. So what's your points? What are you trying to say? The Republicans are Basically bad people they're evil who are joking the evil doors 560 560 palm 560 on a AT and C and Verizon wireless line why you know I had to pee for like the last hour I mean I don't know I'm telling you that it's just that I did the break comes and I got certainly plenty of time I got lots of spots and I got plenty of time to go out there and take a leak But I just I don't know you get distracted by that. I think maybe I'm like lazy No, you go back to reading the book and Well, I just picked this book up yesterday and boy I see Which have you honest with you? I don't like borders, but never lie. It's close to my house I'm lazy so I have borders. I couldn't find the new grove at all book there for a lover money But I did but I'm lucky I went there because I was looking specifically for this book I'd written it down and there it is what liberal media the truth about bias and news by recultiment So you're reading it and forgetting to go pee for an art gold bird you should hang your hidden shame again Okay, Bernie. To you all right you live in in the past you wait way behind the times man way behind the times I want to know what and quarter thinks about this okay and George will and Bob Novak and Bill Crystal Call home see what crystal things Or Billy Crystal see what the Tommy James and the friend Sean Delston Crystal blue persuasion crimson and clover there you go moody moody 26 past noon how's Tristido in speaking of that speaking of morning? I mean, I won't see her no more In here goday they had Trist on this more in case you missed a morning show in between three hours of Hacking in China about Michael Michael Michael Jordan Michael is Michael I 20 points he had nine or 27 shots Michael Michael my My teeth hurt my headaches I answer my own question by the way about that about one remember this morning. I was asking why her on that show Yeah, as opposed to the others for one that needs the most help ratings why What was that bite me That was in total accident. I can't believe that that was beautiful Hey Valentine's days this Friday. It's his four days away guys if you either want to spoil your wife or girlfriend sent her a pajama gram She'll get the softest most luxurious pajamas or lingerie along with a free gift cart and lavender bat tea The center pajama gram shop online a pajama gram dot com or call them 1-800 give PJs You'll find lots of styles in fabrics like Egyptian cotton and fine silk with designs by the tour a crab tree and Evelyn Nick and Nore and more everything from classic to fun and sexy They have great bath and body products and spong gifts to skip them all forget about it If a jama gram takes only five minutes to order plus the packaging is so amazing you even have to wrap She'll be so impressed it'll be on believable women want to be pampered on Valentine's day and here's a gift you'll both love There's a sister company of course of a montedibeer that we talk about all the time So you know can trust their quality and reliable deliveries waiting for you to so be imaginative and original to see her and said a pajama gram Valentine's day delivery is still guaranteed visit pajama gram dot com or call tool free 1-800 give PJs That's pajama gram dot com and be sure and tell them that old Neil told you to a call stop by do your thing Here I kept on fantasizing Then long came number 43 just like that my stops began to slide I don't like to throw no blame around but it looks like your jeep took me for ride You're assholes and GW's bushing omics surprise side economic blue There are keys to make you feel good from your head down to the holes in your ears Join your friends and neighbors help you ain't good enough into San Diego is pushin' on me supply side economic I'm gonna get those account guys what they did with the numbers it's a crime And all those other companies let all their employees hide your eyes Just think the good old American wee and almost makes a grown man want to drive Gw's version omics supply side economic blue Then home with you lucky You San Diego is pushin' on me supply side economic blue And most billion dollar did the den Tax cut for wholesalers that's a friend With a ventry and allry economy we somebody tell me what's today It's talked about the real world it has to sail Georgian got a clue No way Let's just send him back to Texas for this cool down exceedin' on me blue Bye bye girl Sing Gw's version omics supply side economic blue You asshole guaranteed the make you feel good from your head down to the holes in your ears The other boy Join your friends and neighbors help you ain't got nothing to do San Diego is pushin' on me supply side economic Come on America let's all sing Sing Gw's version omics supply side economic blue Dirty make you feel good from your head down to the holes in your ears Yeah Join your friends and neighbors help you ain't got nothing to do Sing Gw's version omics supply side economic blue All right Sing Gw's version omics supply side economic blue Longest of all stop 35 560 WCM Joseph Gacky for the mad dog is all today coming up on a clock Hank from Schulten to Stake 2 Do you think he's eating over there right now Hank? At Schulten? I'm out of his pain for it 560 560 Come on hopper don't be picking out of my close personal buddy Ken Maldon okay We're gonna get started really porked off WQAM How are you doing okay? Thanks for reading some of those story the truly frightening truly frightening stuff I called you a couple weeks ago and now I wanted to Dimension to you that watch out for Friday evenings because that's when the Bush administration releases all of its real Real knockout punches Did you hear about the Patriot Act 2.0? Yes, that they're gonna sneak in and you know I the only Only speaker has strict was given the copy of it and the Democrats are out great that they're finding out By surprise well, I think that it's pretty funny because If you saw the Bush administration's reaction on the weekend to France and Germany possibly putting in NATO troops and NATO inspectors and guards into Iraq and the Bush administration was outrage at such a sneak attack in the The way that they found out about it was through the media Well, that's the how they treat the Democrats Yeah, exactly in the same fashion and as far as the The blinded by the right It's Extended not just into the media, but all throughout this Republican government where fairing you know the fair and balanced approach is The unfair on balance all spin all day absolutely correct there. Okay, right now you do like to tell squeeze that passport real tight till the blades 560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line 398 people on our pool say word terrorism and bloodshed are the things we ought to be most concerned about right now That's out of five thirty and 74% almost But 79 people say we ought to be most concerned about who'll be the next American idol 27 people say ought to be most concerned about Michael Jackson's a bad day 15 people say what happened to the Columbia we ought to be concerned about 13 people say ought to be most concerned that Michael Douglas has a new movie And most important of all seven people say ought to be most concerned that Michael Jordan will retire again Right Why you so non-tuss by that man? This is very important craft We'll have like a national holiday for that Okay, oh, the morning they are oh And that case they are morning for what alons so morning are you picking on him again? That would add bad kidney quit picking on the guy that basketball players okay But you know about it. Oh, you're gonna like this story count. I almost got through the whole show without this This is too important to pass on the pass over What do you wouldn't want to say I heard from the spritzing out in the hallway You're spritzing in a hallway like that Yeah, maybe it's it's defy Huh, or they're releasing the gown or they're releasing well I felt all morning in here They're like a Releasing bad gas But then again, what was in a hallway and I think it is bag over shoulder More than this is in Sydney, Australia ready Ready more than 700 women opposed new to protesting against so straight is likely involvement They potential organs to rack which they announce today that there are other winners on the picture of my Yahoo lying naked into end on a grassy No one in the Australian in Beach town of Byron Bay Saturday They formed a heart around the words no war for an aerial photograph And here's the picture right here, which you can enlarge and make it post-usize Australia sent troops and improved fighter jet deployments to join US and British forces in the Gulf preparing for possible yati adi adi The women range you can age from 20 to 60 oh 60 Gathered on a hillside in the beachside artist havened in the far north of new south whale state One middle age woman had the words bear it off of the boys down under written on her back In acute yeah, there it all all down under bear all last I really realized now when I look up here and see all these women their desperate to let our Prime Minister here I'll very angry they are and what he's doing how much they disagree will it's happening organized or grace night told they'll strike in broadcast in corporation radio a local police spokesman said the protest was on private property and not visible to the public Night said aerial photos of be distributed the garden of publicity for the women's dancing Prime Minister John Howard should we call Australian troops already deployed them at least that's organized a grace night no religion the grace slip or John his night I like that I like that. I like there are lion stark naked the protest and I think that every young woman in south Florida right How to probably do the same maybe what's their tristic and start the deal huh at the beach at the malls out here in the parking lot We're she fully coven she was in this morning or not didn't see where she were in her QM QD outfit I doubt that somehow sure raised a lot of fewer in history and air this morning. Oh, yeah, you're right now Got to spell it when you say it if you You Twenty-two one at five sixty wq a everybody's got a different lifestyle. We only different things to help us be healthy That's why you ought to check out Olio Medman training formulas because they got advanced combinations a Pharmaceutical rate olive oil vitamins minerals herbal health and trists and they're scientifically designed to provide natural nutrition solutions To help you support specific health needs all different things Look for Olio Med's three new formulas. They have want to help you sleep on help you control your weight and coq 10 Which is so important for your heart Olio Med's also got supplements remote health in your circulatory system your digestive your underconsistive your skin and bones even your mind Your mind All using the benefits of the fine style of a whole lot of money can buy and Olio Med makes products for men and ladies too Olio Med's an exciting new product that you can pick up all over time just picking mine O's during I I Look at me so you know pay the attention And now that I just I just we so would like pick the corner my it was more like I hear Then a booger picks them up today in the Olio Med two at public's efforts whole food markets and logreens for more information call Olio Med tool Freenals and all about their products and what they can do for you call 1 866 Olio Med That's 1 866 63536633 can order their products online if you like Olio Med America.com and don't forget to visit their sampling Povidia that sports down every Sunday during dolphin season which is only many many months away Starfield and great today Start poppin some Olio Med in your post New year Now when I'm so mystery-septede where the oldest and most bizarre all-in-cell mysteries History why Michael Jackson's constantly making those strange and annoying sounds in the middle of his songs And now with the latest album her story not history her story soon to be released in Inigma continues no exception to this as Michael's latest single off the album screen with a sister Janet Amit's the usual chaotic lyrics and driving beat our producers here with unsolved mysteries counted no less than 33 Ours and more than 15 growing noises The millions of fans of Michael Jackson might ask themselves what does it all mean? Could it be Michael has some sort of medical problem? Halfs it's an offshoot of Tourette syndrome or just the annoying wailings of a confused and gender questioning manchel You don't have a question does Michael might these distracting hard sounds in every day life? Just one singing For example might this happen in a restaurant Is it like I'll have the prime rib Whoo and I think potato with sour cream And for dessert the custard pop The real The real tragedy is that some of his finer songs about helping poor children worldwide are greatly spoiled with those distracting Half the children Make the girl the dead of taste to live Ah Anybody has a clue why Michael continues to make these garter full noises or why this man is so annoying Please call and solve mysteries I think I had that view. I does it he's an asshole anyway 1246 why forgot to mention because I did tape on my Tevo Elter vision whatever the show that I missed right in night Or Thursday and what one I was at on Michael's accent Thursday all of that thing you saw right right Okay, I mean I flip back and forth. Okay. Well, let me just say this right now. I'm gonna have actually seen all of it from the beginning to end How could any person in it's right mind? Believe any of that in other words this this whole thing was so staged it was pathetic by him. I'm talking about his end They thought they were gonna have it to our info martial The part in the beginning where he's asking him about writing the music and he starts dancing I didn't know whether to scream to cry to kill myself to put a rock through the TV screen You know the part I'm talking about yeah, he's dancing and he's He's showing his powers And of course you did you didn't know that he was gonna be outraged And the way was presented because if he wasn't outraged it would have been it No, I've been the end of it But now he's got a video about the filmmaker guy right now. It has to go on about how indignant he was and about he was promise that and his friend Yuri Geller who's busy spending spoons and singing of Michael's echo. Yeah Can you talk about an interesting pairing how those two Look at all your your a Geller and Michael Jackson together. They're bending the tailor. Yeah, yeah Holy that bitch out She won't have it You know remember I mentioned this about oyster a person of sprinkles as conversation with the It is expressions right so this is the Washington Post publishes a yearly contest in which readers are asked to Supply alternate meanings for various words to follow where some of this used winning entries coffee a person who was coughed upon Flybergasted a pole over how much weight you gained beast Advocate to give up all hope of ever having a flat stomach Esplanade to attempt the next location while drunk Willy nilly Impotent Negligent describe the condition in which you absolutely answered the door in your 90 Lymph to walk with a list Gargoyle and olive flavored mouth wash Flaçilance the emergency vehicle that piss you up after you run over by a steamer over Boulder dash a rapidly receding hairline Testacle a humorous question on an exam Retitude the formal dignified demeanor resumed by a proctorologist immediately before examins you Blackthumb Oyster we did oyster the person sprinkles as conversation with get us expressions and oyster Circumvent the opening in the front of boxer shorts Very good frisbee terianism the belief that when you die your soul goes up the roof and gets stuck there And Pokemon a Jamaican proctologist That one I heard and that cute little Pokemon Yeah, that's kind of cute So there you go for what it was worth kill about 30 seconds not too bad. Thank you for whoever sent that to us five six seven oh five sixty Pound five sixty we're actually wobbling our way here through a Monday, you know Hasn't been easy swapping or hasn't been easy. I'm not feeling the greatest today I feel like I died overnight. Nobody told me about it. I think it's that stuff is coming through the vents You're the zeitgeine. I think they really Cranked it up heavy do you today That's been nice knowing you Q a m my ball going to chin How did you Q a m W Q a n yeah the idol you got your asking about the what the idol my idol would be pita No, what squirt w Q a m Speaking Yes, sir taking your advice tomorrow. I'm getting on the plane Got my fast work. I'm going to Australia really yeah, you mean like to stay While I'm buying a piece of property and I'm going to retire. Well good for you You'd like it over there. Why is that? Was it because there's so many fags over there? Sydney has the largest gate pop please. Why I don't I don't like count. I don't head count. So to speak. That's a bad dispersion You know But Sydney is a great town and if you miss my amit it got Joe Gerson there. Oh, yeah, that's true be be sure to give a big kiss for us Tell me what the way back good luck pal. Okay, okay Which have a little bit you'd like us in there's a lot of fags there. You know a lot of fags and Toronto a lot of fags and amstams a lot of fags in my name is a lot of fags and four lot of Dale That's my call for said To everywhere you look there's another faggot Of course you was probably having lunch with Matt at the time 1251 well, what's wrong with you? What is what is your problem? Okay, to handle the truth. Are you gonna do that Jack Nicholson? Okay, I thought I can't do it. Well, you're with a true I I find it said I don't find it fun. I find it tragic after reading this book by David Brock this closet at home Who became a tool if I can use that term of right wing extremist and now be monzed effect that he helped to bring this country through all those years of this crap based on lies in bull crap lies stuff just made up And now because of the fact that they turned on him and even after they forced him out of the closet and they even for while I let him write on his coat tail so there's somebody's tail and that was still okay He was the fashionable right wing fag but then as soon as they had reason to turn on him what do you think it was you? Right So it's not as though he voluntarily came to his senses and did the right thing or did the sensible or decent thing I Don't understand that I'll say it again. It's like Jews for Hitler. It's like black folks for David Duke. I just don't get it Well, they got to wear the fancy star oh 1252 at 560 WQ. I'm on my 10 about our good close personal friend Jeff Cohen. He's got two great brawler locations If you like pizza if you like pasta if you like cow zones if you like chicken dishes if you like veal if you like all that good And stuff if you love delicious garlic rolls you'll fall in love with the world flaming pizza love with locations in Davy and Alan plantation And the good news. Oh, did I ever tended to write that story by I guess I did about the rumors? Yeah, yeah, you did yeah, I'll do that sad in that pathetic But at any rate, you'll probably see Jeff rumor and the whole family eating there. What do you go in for lunch or for dinner or for late night snack? They'll be there Enjoying a nice meal Jeff and Ferrell. I'll be there having a nice and nice free meal because I think now we got the 100% on the You folks will have to pay but the prices are so low at the pizza law. They're only the world cheapest of the cheese gates We're going there for freebies Prices are reasonable every Monday like tonight is lasagna at the loft every Tuesday's eggplant night by one of these dinners on these nights Get the segment for only five bucks Wednesday kids eat feed with it all sick and see Jeff's famous magic show every Thursday is bike night at the loft come on a motorcycle by one dinner Get the second-brath price in Davy you'll find a pizza law for a university drive right PNP one imports lots and lots of re-porking Right by our middle cafe For takeout for delivery for catering in Davy call nine five four nine one six eighty eight eighty nine five four nine one six eighty eighty and don't forget the new pizza law for plantation right by me corner now Blood sunrise right beyond Walgreens for takeout delivery there 3 8 2 99 3 8 2 99 the same great food the same very reasonable prices And the same friendly service at the world famous pizza law Get in and hold it Joseph Jackie for the mad dog at one For we've done not anything is perfect comfortable Lo Richtung I wanted one, judging by my haters And her scandalous arrogance with President thumbs up It's always the same when I, due to if I'm known for meant that I was enough be holy If you want this, don't go, it's ramen stupid me I'm a little bit scared, but I'm a little bit scared I'm a little bit scared, but I'm a little bit scared Please, present in guns You don't care what it's all You got on the end by a firm cross with a crisp rock I know what's best, but you and I would have no fear We've got a great leader here With friends at end, tough Be sure it's far as the answer It's where it's been coming to do it, sure We did 12-58 or 5-60 WCM, we got we do have Joseph Gackie People I guess assume I'm joking about that Huh? Yeah, they assume I'm joking about that We got Joseph Gackie coming up next to one o'clock for the mad dog It was off today because it's a bust mentality again And you're gonna play I know you're gonna do the old mine I can smell it, I can feel it coming to you I don't know, what are we gonna play? I don't know yet, I'm shopping around I think we're gonna go Joseph Gackie, stop, so okay But he knows it's just a radio show Don't take it personal, like some hard asses out there Who take everything real personal and get up tight and stuff like that WCM I follow the burning of WCM Hello Doi, doi, doi, doi, doi WCM Okay, that's it, that takes care of your screenless That was okay, they managed to come through with what we have Like one or two real calls today, two or four Three That's not bad, that's almost one an hour That's not too bad WCM I'm caught They love the, yeah, we know you're nuts WCM That's not too bad WCM Turned up a little bit louder, come on HMM OHHH At least we know wasn't Gilbert anyway That's a little bit more than Gilbert's cable will sing Gilbert lately, his vocabulary is a little bit unlimited-side like And what's the other one that we can't say on here? Starts with the nth, starts with an afto Enter with an ur I see 575 votes, which of these things should be most concerned about Once you meet the most obsessed about right now Warcare Resmen, Bloodshed 427 This thing better hurry up and there it is. For 130 like I said, we'll be the next American Idol 83. Michael Jackson's a bad dad 28. What happened to the Columbia 16? Michael Douglas has a new movie 13. And Michael Jordan will retire again for the umpteenth time. Eight. Eight people be saying that. They're worried about Michael Jordan returning again. You know I'm really concerned about? Set. The Humper picking on Ken Maldon. Bye bye bye! This is better than sex.