Neil y'all how are you sir great yeah Me too listen have a great weekend deal that's it. Well, I don't know what he is I'm gonna have a heavy duty schedule Very busy day. I got to I got to meet with some clients. Let's just say you got a bigger agenda Yeah, big agenda and you know me always trying to make easily money Yeah, sure. Yeah, I Always try to make them cry. That's me. Well, you do with the things you say about them Don't forget for well noon to two today. Now I heard that they had a ponder banjo just They're having a Michael Walchips NASCAR day 25 victory car is gonna be there. Funny thing is is Unless I get to one of my initial meetings today. Yeah, I'm gonna be a Napa either way But I may be a little late because I'm forced. I have no decision making power here You have all the power. I don't have any right. Well, that's true. Like I said They're saying it hits the big handed noon forever be their Napa auto partner They're censoring you and I heard in market you can spin the wheel and win t-shirts and think of tonight's Panthers Mary O'List Penguin game. There. Very is playing tonight. Yes, he is playing He's gonna skate first, but he's said he's 90 90 eight percent 98 percent 98 man because I thirty was 98 like I said tonight's Mario well a new lead penguin game Yeah, you know, and I want to see the unkid the flurry the the Montreal native the the kid with all the town and go a Mark Flurry up in Mark Andre Flurry against the Wanda that's that's that's that's the future of the league Well, we'll see if anybody shows up tonight. There's no excuses to Friday night I think there'll be a lot of people there at least don't often game tonight No hurricane game tonight what girl school they play? Oh, they're gonna get beat by Tennessee this way dance ban Yeah, I think you're right about that well I think he can so a win the the Dalvin's wall They're both plans. Oh, no canes are gonna lose their bogus. Well, that's right. They're both playing Tennessee All right, yeah What do you think are the Titans? I don't yeah, I think they're top of the way to dolphins and let's see did the Patriots to squeeze by the Titans, right? Uh You got me you're like in week three or four. I think they squeeze by and I can squeeze it Why don't we? Yeah, I know New England's running away with that thing. Yeah seven and two baby. They're hot on a pistol on me I don't see any good for boggams the whole I'm afraid he's got that thing greased up and ready for action That's what he said I have a lot to explain Peppies Like to that this is always has made greased up and ready for action Hey, here's not a name of another tough game against Navy all the middies So George is I'm ready to go to enjoy what I'm down there for a brief time We're gonna enjoy watching you ranting and raving up and down the hall while clearance and stuff are running around trying to get you back in the studio Oh, I can't wait to see this in the scene. Duff in in your studio this morning coming at me like He forgot to eat his pill Really He's coming at you. He was crazy He's been a guy We can he spend the fantasy first last weekend. He was yeah I can't give some guy call that today and said I He said I say the Lord's name and vain too much and And I like I don't know when I'm off on him or something and then the next thing I knew man old the Duff patrol was out Oh, I got I got to say this has nothing with that You know the who's the guy that does the trashers games on TV this guy is so bad. Oh He is horrible You know the game where they beat Buffalo 7-4 come on together So I was watching some of that game and unfortunately didn't get to see Rick Jen read who I love I was staying at Atlantic Yeah, what's his name the kids got when he scored four he says that and a goal is scored and then they had a penalty shot and a guy A score I and the goal is scored. I mean he barely even like gets emotional on that a goal is scored. What kind of a call is that? I got his name right here It's not something another Matt you suck man. You're putting it does it with that he does it with Elliott Both of them only at Google listen they're both so bad They I can't remember their names and I worked with them two years ago really a shame because they got a really a setting great a young team there But god on my mind This guy's really sad his Tampa just give me that and I'll know it while I'm there where it is This is good you'll know what what is Man the mountains and I guarantee you one of them's names Elliott and the other one's names Elliott Rodriguez. No here it is. There's their G and that one Coaching staff. Tom at the ship and said by the way That's not long Did you what it was this is my father T. R. Right here Neil I know you don't care but say how to my dad my dad. Hey, he already talked to you did last time it was there Neil how are you doing? I'm doing great to you. I accused you of being a Republican on the air This is right They got rid of the other guy They're wearing everybody They're the kick from Pittsburgh. He's gone. I don't blame him. So they got a guy named J. P. Delacamara Oh brother He's a rubber hitting your life. He makes Doug McDonald's song good. That's in a lot. He did Biggie's men's and women's Commissarment finals a 10 basketball and not awful what anybody ever watched the trashers TV telecast your pukier guts up Who is he? I've never heard of this guy. Jake the Lek hammer home in Darin Elliott Darin Elliott is a former player and He's a great guy and I think he sucks too. But he's a great guy He was absolutely the worst and you know I got a gun better on TV in Atlanta drunk Yeah, then they could they were so boring. They were said that's why they got rid of me because I told him like it was on the ice and I went nuts on the air as you know And and the heirs the heirs the heirs the heirs the heirs the heirs the heirs the heirs the they were there and Elliott calling again You said they were taking it up the essence a good thing can maybe wasn't playing They were losing nine nothing to the doubles one night. I said we were taking it in the ass and Darin Elliott said at the end when you said that no it wasn't that was one peg in the in the board But here's what Darin Elliott said here's Darin Elliott on the same night here's what he is announced this is the same game He went That's Racer's a really four second good in this one, but we're now nine, but we're really hitting a lot of walls You know, he was one of these guys like Howard David until it's old. He's like one of these guys like Howard David that spends the entire day Shubbing D down his throat Because he's working on the take for a team and he would never want to say here's me We haven't wanted a month Christ really a martini You know my he was non Monday Oh because they had an extricate they had to bring a four clip X K is tongue from J. Felix Yeah, it's your head was jammed up and they were disgusted You'll browning give me play this might of me doing J. Heavers and that's do that there we go What did the balls are we are over to is that play the Z at J. Felix on some of my balls are so a slip of And your buddy I'm not allowed to say his name, but he sends every day of his life He sends an email that J. Felix agent saying that That feedler shouldn't ever do interviews on this station You know something that the ratings on that they really would be because J. Felix is not as important as Dartmouth football Here we go human Ross Pro together team gun. Here's actually Here's actually J. Felix talking about Ross Peros nuts All my balls just get fell at high All my balls can see I got another one there. What do you got? I'm that in a little problem gripping my balls Made a gosh a lever to make sure that all my balls you know get you know come down It's not easy when you got most head in a way Like ripped off a lot better I think that's beautiful listen. I got to go Listen have a fun time today. Hey, I got a new pool table And we'll be looking for it now. What happened with your mattress did the fat floor find to get off his fat disgusting Sleeping on the floor in my mansion and it's just embarrassing Jeff high. You know he may have got me my car deal But he's been I don't let me down in terms of crap. I need him to start getting some action What do I got to do? We'll over to dial a mattress and work an angle on some lady Give the name from George Kages George is telling you my girlfriend's gonna lead me Don't wait for fat boy to do it if you wait for him your weight till hell freezes over just do it yourself They'll take care of this I do with my girlfriend. She's mad at me because all that chicks wanted to be dump her hands don't have one You'll have him lined up at nap autoparts man. He's generally busy stuff by an event pick up Yeah, and kind of Lisa Rice making a guest appearance from one to two and she's gonna actually drive a bike a wall-topping Apple a chair brand today Okay, listen this is the way way way. No, here's delusional Scott's order for me at Napa He wants mobile one synthetic 15 W 50 he wants six to a case lemon and cherry air fresheners And how about a hammer to Scott? Maybe I can get Michael Walchron to blow you I sit on a radio. Oh, I'm on the show. I can say anything. Yeah, you can see what I actually had a very weekend good luck You'll need it Why do you That has only please go away Thank you wait to attack the big go home and eat your whole holes You Just like your pat pat Steve from these żoakes bath your b garbage You make the show a bit win this mile. They like a cow who's bad at sassing. Things may be bad, so we both have been bought. Your body cheese smells like a wrap-up. After it was occupied by head, As we need us, you were too getting to your car. Thus, if you got him wild. On against wheel, on against wheel, On against wheel, pass, play me. Live in with your numberless feet. Slaver in and start in the tree between the moon. As you take the old heast. The most fishy to me. The fath of the two and as moist and tasty. It's 11 after 10. We can't stand that bitch on a show. We don't want to see her. No, I'd rather like kiss. Little tongue. I'm sure I can't stand that. Here's a fact to get a started from Mike who says who asks. Is that L.A. Times article you read on the US that he posted your website yet? Who was the columnist? The columnist was Robert Sheer, who was one of the best columnists in America. He was a columnist in the year. He was one of the best columnists in the year. Robert Sheer. He's got to be on there. Did you send it? Yeah, I'm pretty sure. I'm pretty sure. Oh, that's on there. So this looks for. Okay, you'll find it. 1194 votes. We got seven more American soldiers dead in Iraq. Put his counting. But who's counting is right? It's just nobody cares anymore. That's the problem. It's like, oh, we can't even be bothered reporting that because Rosie's lawsuits getting really tense now. And she's making a lot of comments out there for the courthouse. And the L.A.C. Peterson and Scott Peterson things getting really heated up again. And then we got the sniper trials. Fosh Cloud police officers demonstrated how a sniper could get. Yeah, see, we got that all whipped up again now. A John Mohamed and Lee Mellvoish warts all on that stuff going. So who the house had time for a few more dead American troops, you know? It's really tragic, man. It's really very sad. And he went, especially those of us who lived through the whole thing in Vietnam the first time. And he got the house in American kids came home and body bags. And now it's had, you know, the first it was like one a day and two a day. And then of course we had 16 which turned out to be 19. And now we got seven overnight. Now it's like in clumps and bunches. And the number starting it up real real fast like over 400. But nobody cares. That's the best part of the whole deal is except for those people that like directly involved or like the nobody cares. Posing their businesses, losing their lives. Right. Let me say it again. The American public doesn't care. They got bigger fish to fry. 1013 at 560. WTA QA and let me tell you about a place we can have a great time tonight. And all weekend. Four nights a week live harness racing at Pompano Park. I bet you're fat rich will be there tonight. Punching his guts up. He'll be there bent in the one over the two seven eight and the four over the seven eight nine. You'll see. New post time for the harness races at Pompano Park 705 p.m. Four nights a week. Monday, Wednesday, Friday, like tonight and every Saturday. And the poker room is open from noon to midnight every live racing day. In other words, four nights a week at Pompano Park. Pompano is also got your great time alcasting every day. And night seven days a week with the best in harness therma and high-lci action from all across North America for you to watch and plunge your guts on. And don't forget general parking and general admission always free like always at Pompano Park. New this season at the track of 20% increase in persis. A night they give away a $400 betting voucher and a revamp free power play rewards program. That gives you points for it. A betting the horses are playing poker that you can medium for special gifts and betting vouchers to. Every Wednesday at Pompano Park is dollar night dollar draft beers. Hot dog so doesn't much more and don't forget the good news is. The top of the park restaurant with that fine dining on the sixth floor is now open for the remainder of the. The winner in spring meet okay plunger guts at Pompano Park. A blocked out of Atlantic Boulevard on powerline road forward. The new racing schedule it can call nine five four nine seven two two thousand or go on a worldwide wicked web at Pompano Park dot. I'm low this is for you by sixty. Way to way. The most fact in the in the turf this whole thing is one big mess just go ahead and start from the beginning father well the Moncine here calls me and says that I should set aside an afternoon and molest the kids sometime. He said they need to learn more about breeding I see is that what happened no way. I said he should set aside some time to invest in the kids reading reading not breeding sounds like another miscommunication because of cellular static. You should have been using sprint sprint PCS is the all digital crystal clear cellular network sprint could have avoided something like this. Well I do like to look on the bright. How's that if I'd been on the sprint network I would have never discovered butt blogs good because you'll need them where you're going. Four thousand minutes for thirty nine ninety nine from sprint PCS. Ten eighteen at five sixty wqm happy Friday to know what did you affect me this great pull from Sean and Hollywood again for the second day in a row. Because if you're to it on the year he'll just keep facts in it every day. Well I got it and it's a great pull and I'll get to it one of these days very soon. Not today it's a wonderful pull is very long and complicated and I like it a lot and Sean I thank you for all your great facts as you want to. You know what I'm saying we don't like pushy on his show already got it in my pile of poles in my pool pile. No I know I got a pile of poles here for future reference and that's yeah for my wrist. It's a good one but we'll get around when I'm good and ready so back off a little bit Sean okay just back off ease back a couple of yards from the radio and. Oh I see so it says on your merios questionable for tonight Scott what show you're saying he's going to play probably. No that's what Scott said no I don't see no play what the hell does he know he's too busy going to jail now. Love member the 94 votes who is it fact it would be great maybe you'll have to strike the strike suit on or when he shows up at nap a auto parts every different spin on it. Don't forget noon today Scott for now is going to be a nap auto parts for a for Ellen Miguel right. And boy do they smell nap auto part of the night he love a north state road seven market where they have an a grand opening spin the wheel the QM wheels spin the wheel. And when t-shirts and tickets to the ice panthers game against the penguins which Mary looks like it's going to play I forgot to tell for all to say hi to a Mike Langan I think penguin panster again. Scott I'm sure you will any what or did you ever get to tickets tonight's game or not no John didn't call me back. Good. Here follows instructions well I didn't tell him that it just they maybe don't care maybe as it figures you get a little bit too pushy Scott's going to get a head out of the front step. What is it he's going to go cap out of the front step there yeah sure you won't be there. Yeah, 1194 votes on yesterday's pool who is or was the biggest drooling yahu of the mall and if you want to see him. Now he's actually jeweled on there but if anybody missed the yesterday on your rages dot com you must. You absolutely must probably probably the highlight of your weekend. Go to your rages dot com and click on where it shows George W. Push there and W. MD countdown of its master's instruction that's one of the all time best in fact that could be like a hobby. You could just sit there and watch that for hours what it on a plasma so I guarantee he's can depress us on passions make no he's part of the family they're in the same family tree. And he's like move it his head side to side and person is lips and just do it a much of amazing things and you can actually watch the second continue to count away on that weapon of mass destruction search count down. It's a beautiful thing anyway that's a hint for the winner of our porous that a hands down the biggest drooling yahu of the mall George W. Bush 429 votes a full 36% of this crowd say he's a drooling yahu. And that's one of the best things we can say about them. A dead as tie look at that well has changed since them but two cares. Jesse house in strong thermon when I printed this out had 135 of peace and I think that's appropriate not you are separate them to. Dr. Phil a very respectable fourth place 88 votes. Terry Bowden on so proud of the audience Terry Bowden 42 must have got some of the sports nerds care casting their votes. Terry Bowden who definitely was not born the conventional way he crawled out from under a rock somewhere. Steve Spurrier 39 Toby K34 James Carvel's got about thirty men Jimmy Swagger 29 John Rocker old John Rocker and Billy Carter type 26 of peace both from Georgia are these to both uh little around in Georgia. Most used to pee all over the place in Georgia Terry Bradshaw Ross per O22 piece judge Roy Moore 20. Don I miss a teen trend lot 15. Tammy Fay and Luke in Rich 11 of peace George Wallace 10 less than that is eight. Vum Phillips and L. B. J. M. uh M. eight. Robert Bird and Orville Faba 7 of peace Ernest angely five junior samples were the Nelson jury Jones head three of peace out of about 1200 votes on yesterday's pole drooling yahu's and El Presidente led the way by a million miles but not even a contest. Here's the bad news US military official say US Army Blackhaw helicopter crashed today near to create the North Central Iraqi city which is both a hometown of Santa Hussein and the place where he's been suspected of hiding out. Six soldiers killed the helicopter and that says the accident but there was no action and it was a um it was an accident but somebody got hurt. Oh is that it? Yeah. Unlike the godfather was an accident nobody got hurt which is the third for US troops and less than two weeks all of the dead from the hundred and first airborne. Uh it was an RPG rocket propelled grenade there's a little question about that. Uh helicopter went out about nine forty a.m. a bag that time on the river back along with Tagress River and also there was another American soldier killed in a rock attack on near the Mosul hotel. Two others injured. So the numbers just keep going up and up and up and of course one has to wonder what is it that we're doing there and why are these people dying and what is this all about? And when it held us at every end and how much more money are we're gonna keep pumping in there and what kind of bullcraft the word a hell of the American people and words that are democratic party. Where's the real outrage and where's the psychosis and where's the uh you know, didn't they just represent the eighty seven billion dollar gift? Yes, not loan. Yeah, and they just get to do it at. So maybe some of the candidates occasionally muster a little bit of a ball maybe one like drops. Drops there it is. That's the one. Briefly, but that's about it. And former prisoner war Jessica Lince says there were no reason for a rescue from an Iraqi hospital last April to have been filmed. This is why she's peddling her book. In an interview for ABC's prime time, the twenty-year-old former army supply clerk says the US military used her capture and rescue to boost public support for the war. They used me as a way to symbolize all this stuff said Lynch and it's wrong. She's doing a series of news to grow her book. I'm a soldier too. And an ex-er printed near a newspaper news revealed that medical evidence suggests she was raped. Well, how prisoner which we told yesterday. But she says it's all about your crap-white-hall movie. They're using me to try to like go some, in other words, they're lying through their teeth. So there she is telling you that. Any of her the apologies they're going to go, whew whew like that. Now, what is this thing that you just facts me? Don't mention the journal. I think the article I guess. An article of what? Clothing. I don't have time to dittle with that. Anyway, here's the first poll we're taking today. And where was that the facts I had yesterday? About Ken, anybody here it is. Pretty out of the show you sent me this. I can't believe says some facts are anonymous. I can't believe that anyone is seriously talking about Hillary Clinton running for president. And this is when I read that little verb about how she throws her hat and her ring or her bruiser in the floor. And that she beats the other Democratic contenders hands down. She got like, what was it? 43% summary dick of the story. Crazy. Anyway, the fact she says does anybody with a brain thing she's going to stand a chance against the Republican slime machine. There are the ones who wanted to run. She's too polarizing like Madonna, people lover or hate her. Besides, I think Hillary's very happy with a position at President, Prone, where she can distreetly wield her power and influence the relative anonymity of the Senate. Who's this guy kidding, huh? All of this talk about Hillary running after connection with Clark is from the GOP propaganda machine. They're paying their pants over Clark because he exposes number two for what he is a spoiled coward who likes to play dress up. Whatever that means. Do you understand what that means? No, I don't. They're paying their pants over Wesley Clark. Well, the class of case, they must be the only ones doing it because he just didn't seem to have generated this tremendous amount of enthusiasm except at the Delhi den and at the Rascal house, right? He was offering free pickles and coleslaw, danger of that, the AKs. See what he does not understand, the Democrats are going to get all their votes anyways, it's kind of like preaching to the choir. To be hanging out at the Delhi den, maybe he was just polishing his bull crap, you think? Maybe. He leaves me limp. You know, in the beginning, I was a little bit excited because you know that whole thing about the ex-general and all of this, and he looks pretty good and he's articulate fairly. But there's nothing there. There's no substance. And he has, uh, he ain't got nothing going there, but at any rate, 20, so we'll see, so here's the fool we're taking the first pull. If Hillary Clinton ran from President Wich Democrat would you prefer? Hillary? Howard Dean Wesley Clark, Al Sharpen, Carol Mostly Brown, John Edward Zickab, Hart, Jewelie Roman, John Kerry, Dennis Gassinich, don't care, I'm for Bush or don't give a crap. Got it all covered there, right? Okay, didn't leave nobody out. If Hillary ran from President Wich Democrat would you prefer? Hillary Howard Dean, Wesley Clark, Al Sharpen, Carol Mostly Brown, John Edward Zickab, Hart, Jewelie Roman, John Kerry Dennis Gassinich, don't care, I'm for Bush or don't give a flying crap. Here's something you ought to give a crap about. Halibut, Pontiac GMC was voted the number one, Pontiac GMC dealer when Dave County and Crestam is satisfaction. I know Tom Limit and Joe Prater pretty excited about it, and they want to thank you all their loyal customers for your long, standing support for over 35 amazing years. Right now's a good time to stop by Halibut, Pontiac and check out the Pontiac vibe. Normally retails for over 20 grand, but you can buy it fully loaded right now at Halibut Pontiac GMC for just 16,500 bucks plus tax and tag. Halibut's your truck headquarters with over 300 to choose her right now as I speak including the Yukon and the Yukon, and coming soon to know envoy SUV the most unique SUV in a market. A real gascousel or I'm sure you can get that big 100,000 dollar tax city firm and oh, what is it? exemption. Great Neil deals waiting for you every day at Halibut Pontiac GMC. This is an ice piece of copy by the way. 134.146. You highway that's US one across from the falls across from the falls open every day seven days a week. For more info on these special spectacular unbeatable Neil deals, you know what to do, call the Neil Rogers Neil the Hotline. Tool free one triple eight five three four forty two eleven. That's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven. I'll offer some to credit approval. See the nice friendly folks at Halibut Pontiac GMC. Unlike the Anxious Bob Eisenberg they are professional great. The The The The The The The The The The The The The The To The The The at the bottom from Bill and what does that say? Bill and yeah Bill and Solomon Beish says, or Mon Peach, I could be it. I can't read it. Work on your head writing, Bill, he's crawled at fast, he wasn't hurry. He says, the best way to the mall, yesterday in New York times Marine, down piece, please read it. Okay, I'm easy. All right. Our second poll, by the way, is going to be a movie poll, and I was inspired on that by a thing. What do I do in my thing? I don't want to go out. I've got another great thing too, about Bush. We had this on a few days ago, but I got a read, it's not long. Bush no longer been controlled as changed, Hawks, hijacked foreign policy. Important. Mooye oil and Pimportante. I know you're very excited about it. See, on you people are waiting for the big WT, so you can all bail out a date counting and head for Broward. Then good thing, I'm not going to be there. Wow. For Everflix, what's your favorite hangout movie? There's a thing that ABC News is doing. This was good morning America. In other words, the movie you could watch a million times and never get tired of it. So what the poll, I'm going to take later on, is a little spin off on it, and we've done we never did this exact poll. If you only had one tape or DVD movie that you could watch over and over again, what would it be? Now, of course, that we'll get a little bit of fondress, but nevertheless, right? Right. You're going to be on the island. If you're stranded on Desurad Island, there was only one DVD, and you had like, I don't know where you get your power to watch it, but just assuming, you know, it's just for fun. When we'll read it out, writes death. That'd be loud. In yesterday's New York Times, who can blame poor President Bush? Look at his terrible dilemma. There are those who say the chief executive should have come out of his Texas ranch house, and articulated in an assuage the sorrow and outrage and anxiety the nation was feeling on Sunday after the deadliest day in Iraq in seven months. And attack on a Chinook helicopter killed 15 American soldiers, 13 men and two women in wounded 21. There are those who say Mr. Bush had evaluated Rudy Giuliani's empathetic leadership after 9 11, or dads in the first Gulf War, and attended some of the funerals of the 399 Americans killed in Iraq, or one. Maybe the one for specialists Gerald Dent, the 21-year-old national guard officer from Washington, who died outside Baghdad and late August when a bomb struck his truck while he was delivering mail to his troops. His funeral was held at a Baptist Church 3 miles from the White House. But let's look at it from the President's point of view if he grieves more publicly or concretely, if he addresses every instance of bad news like the hideous specter of Iraqi celebrating the downing of the Chinook, he'll simply remind people of what's really going on in Iraq. So it's understandable why going into his reelection campaign Mr. Bush wouldn't want to underscore that younger Americans keep getting whacked over there, and we don't know who's doing it or how to stop it. The White House is cleverly trying to distance Mr. Bush from the messy problem of flesh and blood soldiers with real names dying nearly every day while looking him to the heroic task of flight-of-fighting global terror. It's better to keep it vague to talk about the important cause and the brave defenders of liberty. If he gets more explicit or allows the flag-grade coffins of fallen heroes to be photographed coming home, it'll just remind people that the administration said this would be easy and it's teeth grindingly hard. And that the administration vowed to get Osama and saw the Sodom and WMD in Hezend, and that the Bush team that hide presence of al-Qaeda in Iraq has now created an al-Qaeda presence in Iraq, and that there was no decent plan for the occupation or for financing one, no plan for rotating or supporting troops threats to a thin-to-guard ammunition caches or police-of-fractor society and no plan for getting out. As the White House points, I'd Mr. Bush cannot fairly pick and choose which moral services to go to or which deaths to speak of. If a helicopter were hidden an hour later after he came out in spoke should he come out again, then Bartlett the White House Communications Director told the Tansillys of a viewmiller, explaining Mr. Bush's silence after the E.C. crash. The public heated once the commander and chief to have proper perspective and keep his eye on the big picture and the ball. The ball for fall is fundraising. President Bush has been going full throttle since some were spending several days week flying around the country, hitting our purchase for $2,000 checks. He's raised $90 million so far of $175 and he plans to spend on a primary campaign, and which he has no opponent. At Fundraiser's Mr. Bush prefers to talk about the uptick in the economy, not the downtick in Iraq. I'm under your arriving for a fundraiser in Birmingham. He was upbeat not somber. As Mike Allen the Washington Post reported in his pool report, the President who gave his usual salute as he stepped off for me in one appeared to start today in a fabulous mood, an Alabama reporter who was under the wing shouted, how long were U.S. troops being Iraq? The President gave him an unappreciative look. Raising $1.8 million at lunch, he stuck the line that we are aggressively striking the terrorist in Iraq defeating them there so we'll not have to face them in our own country. He didn't want to depress the donors by mentioning the big news story, the loss of 15 American soldiers or sour the mood by conceiting the obvious that the swelling horde of terrorist fighting is there will not prevent terrorists from coming after us here. Maybe we should all be like President Bush and not be the papers so we don't get worn down either. Perhaps the solution to Mr. Bush's co-increased to coordinate his schedule so we can go to cities where we can attend both fundraisers and funerals, the law of averages suggests it shouldn't be hard. That's marine doubt, that's not be lobbyistly if you are time to sign up. How's that pull coming? How are you in? How are you looking at it? Nick and Nick knows to know. Wow, I told you. I'm going to get that fact so carefully than anybody seriously. Well, I'm not tight in vote for her but I'm just on it. There she is. How do power team 14 Hillary Clinton 13 old number 13 Danny Boy? Wesley Clark six. I don't give her crap five. I don't care around for Bush three. John Kerry two. Julie Leaverman one. Dennis Cassinich one. None yet zero for Al Sharpen Caramel's Lee Brown. John Edwards and Dick Hib hard of the first 45 vote on our survey. Here's a call from Miramar. Hello. Neil, hey, I do a man pretty good sir. Hey listen, I pick Elmer foot over that Bush Myster. I'll tell you what I've got. Yeah. I was going to ask you to honor first airborne when they initially went to die right. Were they the initial soldiers to get in there and fight? I think. Yeah, how many of those guys have died since the Bush Myster said a lot? It was the end of the road a lot. Yeah, it's sad. Anyway, thanks Neil. Okay, and you know, and we can see her talking about it. But there's no and now what we're doing to send it 85,000 more troops than 100,000 replacement troops with Marines next to the year and all this other crap. Well, what does it ever end? This is just like Vietnam. When people said that the beginning of the now, that's that's a little over the top. Even I'm not going to go along with that. But it's like the same crap all over again. Just low. In fact, in Vietnam, first we sent advisors. Right. So-called advisors, you know. Right. And then all of a sudden advisors became a few troops. Then became a lot of troops. Then it became enormous numbers of troops. And it was so similar because a lot of us kept asking, what are we doing there? Why are we there? What are we fighting for? Who are we fighting? We can't tell who the enemy is, which are we net every day now, buddy. We can't really tell who the enemy is. And what is it all about? What's the end game? What's the plan? What's the point? Where's the beef? You know? And there are no answers to these questions, which is why he always keeps coming back to that bull crap about this is what we have to do to fight terrorism. Iraq had nothing to do with terrorism. In fact, there's a lot more terrorism going on now, now there than there ever was before ever. So while we did- and I remember those ads, which everybody conveniently forgets with their CA, they're convenient Alzheimer's. Remember the ads are like right after 9-11, but some people didn't New York Times and Washington Post. And there was a picture of Osama saying, come on now, George E. Go into Iraq and whip up all the terrorists, no loom takes all of it. And now he's rubbing his hands together wherever he is on his dialysis machine. Wack the hoard it's this. That's right. They whack the hornet's nest and they sort of all the loom takes of our command to Iraq from Syria and everywhere they can at redirection. East West North and South. And it's it's a nightmare. It's a quagmar. And there is no exit strategy. There's no concept. It's obvious, right? And when you get to that thing, which I'm going to read it about Bush no longer in control as Chinese hawks hijack foreign policy. When you realize that it's a small handful of lunatics who are running a country now, Paul Wolfowitz and Richard Pural and all these other grave robbers and the Cheney and it pushes just a face man, which is pretty scary to begin with with that Alfred E. Newman look. And a public is sitting back and buying into this? Well, what are you thinking about? Let me tell you. I'm going to see American public thinking about it. It's one thing to die for your country, put to die for nothing, to be a human sacrifice, how can anybody support that? Howard Dean's 25203 we got a battle. I told you it's like, uh, Alidara and affirmed. Wesley Clark nine don't care. I'm from Bush seven. Don't give a crap seven. Al Sharpen four John Kerry two Dennis Cassinant Superior. Dick Gibhart's one. Julie Evans got one. No folks yet for John Edwards are currently brought. How about a John Edwards promises to cross over with us and let us talk to some dead folks? Huh? That's older. Come on. 1041 is 560 WQM. If you're looking to replace that terrible carpeting in your home, let me tell you about lamina's harass. They're the easy low maintenance alternative to natural wood flooring, which costs you an arm in six legs. Laminate's harass is the best place to find laminated wood flooring from parator or per grow Wilson, our uniform and quick step and all of lamina's harass flooring is installed by people who are reading over their craft, per grow certified installers. Another real good reason you ought to be called lamina's harasses. Their prices are so low. You just absolutely won't believe it. Right now you can get their false special for just 1495 bucks. Let me say it again just $1495 gets you up to 295 square feet of beautiful lamina wood flooring on matchable. Elaminate's harass will match any legitimate ridden offer. So for a free and how much them in no obligation call lamina's harass two day tool free and tell them that crusty old Neil told you to call. One, eight seven seven seven seven thirty three thirty six and make it so easy it's got to be an operation refused. Free carpet disposal free furniture moving at 25 year warranty and years and years of beautiful easy care lamina wood flooring. Call them today tool free lamina's harass at one eight seven seven seven seven thirty three thirty six. We're supposed to be a spicy truck. You a yeah. Did he talk it or did he talk it? I just don't think we can afford to improve education and provide healthcare and protect the environment. All the things that I campaigned on. I am in tandem on being the best young man that I can be. It's a little confusing, isn't it? My husband will be going on. I know to do other people thousands and thousands of people across New York and lots of friends around the country. I certainly intend to overlook that. 1045 and we should have two. He should still be in there. Let's put him back in and start all over again. What do you say? All right. Let's think bubble back in there. Let's do away. You know, they're trying to do away with this thing about, you know, American born native born of in prison so they can try to run Arnold in 88. I'm sure that or to whatever the 1988 in 2008 and wouldn't that be something so we can put like a son of a Nazi in there, son of a bitch. But I say we can we can repeal that. Let's have a constitutional amendment to make the president allow that I have like at least three four five terms. Sure. Imagine all the blue dresses. How big good for the dry cleaning bonus. If Hillary Clinton ran from president, which Democrat would you prefer how are D in 32. Hillary Clinton's God. 30. 30. She's right on Howard's ass. And of course at this point the way things have been going for her last year. She's probably hop on anybody's ass. I hear she's got to look at that. Let's say it again. Howard D in 34 Hillary 31 just change again. Weshly card 14 don't give a crap nine don't care on for Bush eight. Everybody else small potatoes seven for sharp and three for Carrie two or three for Cassinage. One for Gib Heart. One for Libra and Caramose. They brought in John Edward's got none out of 100 love votes. They got the big none. Zippity do do. Don't let me forget to read that thing. Okay. Here's Volca. Hello. Hi Neil. How are you? Okay. One quick question. Where did you read that? That's show that you played over the air. Where was that from? CBC. Is there any way I can get a transcript like on the internet? You know? Yeah. CBC.ca slash fifth fifth estate FIFTH. Okay. And we've the line of George that he was by David Corne, a great book. Okay. I got in the other room. Thanks. I got it sitting on the floor. I got a whole bunch of books. I got to be speaking David Corne. I got a good article by him about and culture. That nasty smelly bitch. Don't forget that. Huh? Don't forget to tell me. But I got to get to this one first. Okay. This is more important stuff. And I wish that how somebody was listening who ran me in the other few out of one insult to a lot of audiences. A few out there. Not turning me. Or give a crap about some more than ball games and crap like that. But they don't. They just don't. That's why it's so sad that that piece was on the CBC and not one of the American. That was released even PBS which the CBC fifth estate puts frontline on PBS to shame is no comparison. No contest. In fact it was the CBC that that piece about the Patriot missiles. Remember that? And in fact that they didn't hit one scud. Back in the Gulf War one. Didn't knock down one scud. And he's really said, are you people kidding for crying out loud? Those things out with a crap. But the Rathion people liked it because they're making millions and millions of dollars peddling. And they're still selling them. The Patriot missile. It's going to take out those scuds. Eh? No. Anyway, Bush no longer in control is Cheney's Hawks hijacked foreign policy. This was in the Sydney morning here. Sydney, Australia. A couple of days ago. A former Pentagon officer turned whistleblower says a group of Hawks and a Bush administration including the Vice President Dick Cheney is running a shadow for and policy contributing Washington's official line. What these people are doing now makes Iran contra. Look like amateur hour. It's worse than Iran contra. Worst in what happened in Vietnam said Karen Quietkowski, a former Air Force Lieutenant Colonel. President Bush isn't in control. The country's been hijacked. He said describing how key governmental areas of Neo-conservative Concern were politically stabbed. Ms. Quietkowski, who retired this year after 20 years of service, was a middling specialist in the Office of Undersecretary of Defense for Policy Hitted by Douglas Fight. She described a subversion of constitutional limits on executive power and co-ad of adaptation to the seat of large segment of the Congress, adding that in order to take that first step Iraq lies had to be told a Congress to bring them on board. On if I could interrupt this reading momentarily, you notice Richard Peralna was making noise in the carrying out about Iran. Now he's back on that again about it's a hotbed for terrorism and he's a rattling the spirit again about Iran. But I couldn't hide. Ms. Quietkowski said the pursuit of national security decisions often bypass civil service and active duty military professionals and was handled instead by political appointees who shared common ideological ties. There was speculation this year that such an idealog group had emerged and that it was behind the US attack on an Iraqi convoy in Syria in June. In New York Times quoted Patrick Lang, a former senior defense intelligence agency official, saying that many in the government believe that the Inclusion was an effort by idealogs to disrupt cooperation between the US and Syria. This Quietkowski said there was an extra governmental network operating outside normal structures and practices, a network of political appointees and key positions who felt they needed to take some action and to make things happen in foreign affairs national security way. She said Pentagon personnel and the DIA were pressured to favorably alter assessments and reports. In a separate interview, Chambers Johnson and the Authority on US Policy said that the administration's neoconservatives had an effect seized power from Mr. Bush. Dr. Johnson said the neoconservatives had pursued an agenda outlined in the controversial 1992 defense planning guidance. That document drawn up at the direction of Mr. Channy when he was defense secretary said the world's only superpower should not be cautious about asserting its power. Are you like that? So the chicken hawks are running the roost. And Richard Purolegant, like I said, making all kinds of noise. I'm not a pop, I'm not a ran and they're a hothead of his bowl and Hamas, and maybe I'll listen to the crap. What we ought to be able to spread ourselves a little bit today is the thing we don't have enough troops to carry the thing on an Iraq, which we don't know what they're doing there yet. We're going to go on. So what's our ran? I mean, that's kind of like a small little country, right? Sure. And they'll greet us as heroes. Remember, that's right. And of course, they'll bring us all kinds of candy and hollow of father to those Muslims. Go schmatha heads. Howard Dean's got 40, here we've got 36. West Clark 18. And everybody else single digits. It's really a two horse race. It must be Clark's kind of like the dark horse. When you say, is he so dark? Well, compared to you, my pasty friend. Here's coconut creak, hello. Hello, now. Yes sir. How are you? I have President Bay's mission of about what most of this morning about you and also just then on the onion, now Paul and Ron Brouski there. Paul says about raining your show. We said that Tony Bruno and what's it like? I don't really care what Paul had to say. We're not interested now. I was in a month, most said that we call it Amsterdam, Toronto and boy, Joy Joel suck and he says even wearing the same clothes for like over 30 years. Yeah. And and and you're turning the radio up here to sign of his own voice. That's the old cocker again. That's most audience man. That's your crowd. Well, over the age of death, you're even related to him. Guys, squeezing his bag right now. And most said this and you are right. Thanks for listening by the way to the top right in the garage. You're on QM sir. You old fart. You disgusting old bastard you. That's a kind of listen to them all. You'd like an overgrown child. We're sitting here the guy damn world is going to hell on a hand basket. And of course this guy don't care about that. He's too busy being the yintha. He's like a light bulb kind of a person. Now let's see. I can't I can't read this because it's printed over something here like from Howard somebody but no. Oh, watermark there. Something about these young Americans down in daily. I find myself becoming irritated about the fact that our something is plugged over 85 billion dollars to be built the area. Hold up the money until those respond. Oh yeah, right. Let's hold up the money until those responsible for the attacks on our troops are caught and punished. Plus those attacks will stop. Right. Let's hold up the money. That'll do it. You don't get it, do you? You just don't have a got a clue. Anyway, here's this thing favorite clicks. It doesn't have any names of any movies on here. They want to say we see thing. It does give you a chance to vote. So if you have a favorite movie like to stack into the DVD, oh, it does have names of movies. I say or VCR over and over again. Can you watch it a million times never get tired of it? Whether it's animal house, caddy, shack or little mermaid. The little mermaid give me a break. We want to hear why you loved to watch it over and over again. Does it make you feel happy and safe? Is like all as well with the world or does it make you feel inspired and strong? Or maybe fired up and pissed off. That's another one that I thought on ABC. I'm good morning America because that's out of their league. You know, they don't want to say pissed off and fired up. It's me fired up when I hear someone say that. Exactly. There you go. So we got some more dead American kids over there. And this guy's worried about what the Paul and old Ron said and what most said this morning about his uh, Coloss� me back. 45 votes for Mo Howard. I mean for Howard Dean, Hillary Clinton 38. Look at that Mo Howard D. You see these sea of relationships there? Hmm. Wesley Clark 18 13 don't give a crap. Don't care. I'm from Bush 11 at 7.6%. We still don't get it. Al sharp the nine Dennis Cassinant's 4 John Kerry 3. Car almost we brought. Find a got one. Dick Edwards got one. Nobody seen it yet. Julie women's got one in 4 John Edwards. He can't cross over. 144 votes and he's got none for 4 John Edwards that Julie Yahoo from North Carolina. Who you to come down here in the shop and tell us all about them Confederate flag. Who you come down here and tell us what we should think. You old you boy. But you know what you're from Vermont. So it's close enough close to New York. Here's the call from Miami. I'm on a road line. Look at that. There's nobody up. That was the A for two at this piece of luck. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. One down for Hillary formula. No, okay. Here's the call from Coral Gables. It's probably that same more on again. Yeah, that is. Oh yeah. 5.670560 pound 560. I might just do a lot of reading today. You know because they've gotten on the same weekend. Oh right. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah sir. Good morning. What is to you? I have to be concerned with this Iraq war. My person's concern obviously is that we're losing on average two soldiers of these. This can turn out to be a career over again with a big difference being that we're going to be losing soldiers because I mean we're better than that country without we don't want to do it. Don't say what it plays. I don't like that word. Don't say that. I know. Don't say that. Let me tell you how it was invented too and now he's dead. They've used so much in the media that I'm you know. Not not my second concern is that we're this administration supposedly is saying that it's for security reasons which is not. And then they're saying that we're there to democratize the country. Which is not because we truly have a faithful and good you know more hours which is not. What are we doing supporting Saudi Arabia? It seems to me that hypocrisy is falling on this administration's faith and what my business concern is that this seems to be little hope for the future. I mean look where they're going to be holding the first presidential debate next year. Did you hear that right here? University of Miami. Yeah. Amazing. How nice. I'm telling you. It was a pretty bit upset because Howard Dean's going to say I got balls and she's not going to like that. I knew. Pray for a set of hockey. I'm praying. I'm saying a brahawaii now. Good luck to you, Pally Heng in there. I will have thought. No, I'm not going to break the game. Why the you best in? I'm blessed. Don't get it. If you do forget it and press. Don't get it. When you do your job. If you see it for them run. Oh my god. Every letter I need in a section. Oh we get the impression. Yeah. Got no stars. Come those stars. I don't want you. What you want you. What you even go out. I'm going to want a 560 WQL. We got the mad dog coming up to the afternoon. What's that schedule look like? Let me peruse it. You got the Humper for the 7th. Three-Soul an hour today. Extra vitamin. Oh, but that's I take that back because you've got the day one statue on tape between five and six. So a tough two hour show for the Humper today. Pants in preview at seven, seven, 30 to penguins at the Panthers. Mario may play tonight. Depending on how he feels in the skate and whether it's things that look, if there's more than five people in the house. Any came from Vegas 10 o'clock after the hockey game in ESPN radio overnight. That's our schedule. Don't forget the forl. Noon to two today. Whether permitting. At Napa Auto parts, 1911 North State Road 7 and Marguerilla of our best in the Elmerch and Nice Anne. You can spin the Ville to win T-shirts and tickets to the Nice Panthers again. Maybe that old Cocker that calls up. Or maybe that it was listening to his Ovoys. You want her away? He doesn't? Why? Because when he turns up the radio and hears the side of his own voice, he knows he's still alive. 10 post office is close over. And tracks. Scare. We did a really good job on that to you know. Oh, that's just finding Osama and Mula Bula Omar and Sodam and all of those. But we did a hell of a job and finding we don't have the anthrax perpetrator yet. But we do have a person of interest whose life we did a dang good job of destroying. Stevens got a handful of anthrax we think. Remember Steven I got a handful? Sure. Postal officials announced last night that 10 neighborhood post offices in the Washington area will not be open today. Call in the movie, Procarshinary Measure prompted by the possible detection of anthrax spores in a melee, a mail sorting facility at the Anna Costion Naval Station. But decision by the US Postal Service came ours after the Navy confirmed that a sensor and a mail sorting machine at the Naval Station detected the presence of anthrax spores Wednesday. A subsequent analization done at Ford D. Trick also tested positive for anthrax of definite fighting will not be available for several days, Commander Conrad Chun, an Navy spokesman said last night, in relation to Connie Chun. We don't know what we've got here Chun said emphasizing the preliminary nature of the information. We're not even sure that there's any anthrax. But as of precaution, the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recommended that the five workers who were in the facility when sensors went off start taking antibiotics. I'm, these must be bad at bear. Aren't they? They want to make a ship road and we decide that they make it? Oh, I forgot. Well, I must be the evake, uh, elk shelter. I know they don't make levacone, which is the only reason I'm taking. In fact, I would let my ear fester if I were to take something that bear made. I'd rather have my ear chopped off. Or could have just going to chop chop square in Saudi Arabia and re-eyed. Aside from closing the neighborhood post offices, the Postal Service last night also closed its facility on V Street, Northeast, which processes government mail. Postal officials also stressed they were airing on the side of caution. We have no reason to believe that anyone's at risk. Oh my God. So during McEuron, a Postal Service spokesman, the mail handling facility at the Naval Station is also closed because they're a little bit concerned about anthrax. No big deal yet. No reason to panic quite yet. Just mention that in passing. Okay, if you only had one movie because we'll keep the other pull up there till noon. What do you say? Okay. On the present on the Democratic candidate. If you only had one tape or DVD that you could watch, like on a desert island over and over again, what would it be? I got three here. Godfather, Godfather II, and network. Those are the only three I put down. I added. Yes, a clock record. A clockwork orange? Is good? Okay. We're supposed to the people a little bit too dim to put that down. If Hillary were running for president, which Democrat would you prefer? Hillary's got 53. Oh my God. Hillary just moved into first place. She just took a lead there to cover the stretch. She stuck an ozone front. Howard Dean 50. Wesley Clark 21. Don't care. I'm per board 17. 9.2 percent. Bushies. Idiots. Don't give a crap. 17. Oh, there's somebody almost to his dumb as a president. There's Prince Charles. There's some rumor about how he's involved in some scandal. But discuss nor disclose because of a high court injunction blocking publication in the UK. But I've been all family. They should have got some problems. God. Anyway, don't give a crap, which I think is appropriate for that. 17. In fact, Prince Charles Ross Perot, all these people would have big ears and double. Hey, president. Same thing. How's sharp in nine? John Kerry six. Dennis Cassinence five. Speaking of gigantic ears that I'm bad. You know, everything he says is great. I wish you I wish he had some kind of a chance, which he doesn't. But he has his hairpiece makes mo look like Brad Pitt. I mean, come on. Have you seen that thing? No. It's like it's like a bunch of black patches like from an old pair of most pants just like glued together and stuck on his head. I mean, I never saw anything like that in my life. I'm sure you've seen black patches. Do you believe him in two? I'm sure you have the get hard repair. Carol mostly, Braun and one and John Edwards out of 180 feet votes. He's kicking it out. He's on. He still don't have one. He still hasn't got a vote. I don't want to. Oh, come on. Somebody please vote for Port John Edwards. He'll start drooling again. If you don't cast him at least one vote. Oh boy. This, uh, I'll get to that thing again. Lots of Texas textbooks. I'll get to that. The preferred, here's some good news. Well, it's a Friday. We want to go to the weekend with on a little positive note. Not easy these days. Although Ron and Paul said, uh, a third federal judge is today temporary restraining order yesterday. All right. Hulting enforcement of that new law prohibiting certainly term abortions. The ruling in San Francisco, of course, home of the anti-Christ, blocks enforcement of the new abortion law at 900-time parenthood clinic nationwide. Clinic. The ruling was the third since President Bush signed a partial birth abortion ban act of 2003 on Wednesday. In each case, the judge said the law could be declared unconstitutional because it doesn't contain an exception to protect the women's health. What they don't understand is see the women are already alive and the right wingers, including a president, they don't care about anybody who's alive. All they care about is that fetus man, the fetus, they're hugging it. They're squeezing it. They're obsessed with the fetus. They nebulous unborn. A federal ruling in New York earlier Thursday covers doctors who perform about half-on-a-nations abortions. A ruling by a federal judge in Nebraska, less than an hour after Bush signed the law applies only to the four doctors who filed the lawsuit. When he signed the law, Bush said he would use every legal avenue to fight anyone trying to block its enforcement. What a piece of crap. The law does not provide an exception for the health of the mother, but it appears to provide some exception if her life is endangered by the pregnancy. Let me read that again. Click it. Signed by your president by your caring, compassionate, conservative president, George W. Bush. The law does not provide an exception for the health of the mother, but it appears to provide some exception if her life is endangered by the pregnancy. The form of abortion is not banned if it is necessary to save the life of a mother whose life is endangered by a physical disorder, physical illness, or physical injury, including a life-indiguing physical condition caused by or arising from the pregnancy itself according to the text of the law. Planned Parenthood President Gloria felt the plot of the San Francisco Order saying it hails the, it halts the implementation of this dangerous and reckless abortion ban. The unconstitutional law denies women in consultation with their doctors and families. The right to make decisions about their own health, felt said in a written statement. Thankfully, the court understood the immediacy of the situation temporarily stopped his law from taking effect. The New York ruling covers providers affiliated to the National Abortion Federation, which claims to represent the doctors who provide half the abortion sought by women each year. The battle to keep us from going back into totally into the Stone Age continues, but good luck to us all. So he's busy with things like that while Dick Cheney and his chicken hoax, they're whipping up all kinds of crap, all kinds of plans, you know? Devious play. Forget about that pipeline at a world pipeline throughout Afghanistan. That was small potatoes, you know? We can just have one big hose. We can do a host job on a whole world sounds good. All right. That's what we're doing. The State Board of Education in Austin, Texas voted yesterday to approve biology textbooks despite criticism from some scientists and religious activists who say the books fail to present criticisms of evolution. Thank God. Oh God. The 11 or 4 volt was preliminary and the board was expected to be a final approval today. If they don't build burn a building down first. Summer lettuce and alternative science groups that argue that weaknesses in the theory of evolution weren't adequately presented in the books. But scientists and educators argue that the theory of evolution is widely believed in its a cornerstone of modern scientific research. See that's bad modern scientific research. Those are two things that the the Barbishina go in, they're not into that. They don't like that. It's all part of that kami-pinkohedin plot. Texasization second largest buyer of textbooks and textbook sold on the state of rock and market by publishers elsewhere. Texas, California, Florida, California than 30 percent of the nation's $4 billion public school book market. Three dozen publishers invest millions of dollars in Texas. Some board members had asked to vote on the books one by one but the motion was overturned and all were approved with one vote. I wish we had the opportunity to vote on each book because they're not the same said board member Dan McElroy, one of the four board members who voted against the nothing the books. He called the presentation revolution in most of the books dogmatic. People don't realize the threat of scientific dogmaticism. He said they're not looking for truth. They're not looking for the truth. Like the Lord are God. The great the creator. Do you know how every time Bush went like the Mississippi and Kentucky and made these speeches? He talked about how these can't Republican candidates were good family men who had a great relationship with the almighty with the creator. Of course. I'm telling him man, you people out there that are sitting back like, but, what will your finger up each other's ass? You don't get it. You just don't understand. They couldn't do it at the ballot box so in of course they had an eight year interruption. There was they couldn't blow him out of there without that penis case stuff. So they had like steel their way back in so they could put over this religious fundamentalist lunatic agenda with this arm again on a way by the way not to this in future. On the rest of us who are too crazy about the ride. You know, we're not too crazy. We'll walk. We're not too crazy about this ride. Oh, you will. No. The other days. Anyway, no, there's that fat bitch again. Honestly, each other for breach of conscience. Jesus. Get her off of my screen. Face. I was hoping for summary judgments. I will now wait till the end of the case and then I feel fairly certain that the judge will decide in our favor as the facts are very very clear. I'll tell you one thing if they she just paid them by the pound. I think she can handle it. No problem. Hillary and Rand for president, which Democrat would you prefer? Hillary Howard Dean's hop back in the lead. Thank goodness. There is a god. Told you. 65. Hillary 62. Wesley Clark 25. See what I told you about West Clark's mom potatoes. There's just there's no substance there. You know, I mean, he looks good. He's a general. He was on TV a lot. He's got something to say, but a beat better book. But he doesn't there's nothing there. Do you know what I mean? Why don't? 25 for West Clark. Don't care. I'm per bush 22 10.1%. Emberasing. Don't give a crap 18. Al sharp to nine. John Kerry six. That is because since it's five, do you believe her men too? Dick and hard. Two care mostly. Brown one. And it's fight of my plays. I can't help you, John. I would they will not give it to you. Women. Look to the organ workforce and it's all over. Through the state. People's kitchen and they enter. You will never be clearly all in. Love, sir. You are here seems so silly. And everybody can solve. You can develop all your time too. And I'll just. Oh, say, oh, you know. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. I'll play care of things. Play care of them. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. I'm a beat to your family. This Hillary from up in salt. Is the devil saying no. I ever saw your right foot. You listen to goofy talk. Can you never have him into your so-changing mind. Running in an oil area. You can't even get your. You're so beating that. Get it. You're locked in salt. Actually, I'll. Hey, oh, oh. Get it. 11 18 at five 60. Hillary's doing damn good. Now, why do you think that is? I never thought you would do this good. No, it's a how are the 173. Hillary 64 and Wesley Clark 26. Nobody else even in the contest. What could possibly be the possible reason. I think that's because they think that if she wins, or maybe number one, I think she could win the election against Bush. And number two, if she wins that Bubba will be the first husband. He'll be the puppet master. Right. He'll be pulling the strings behind the scenes and that's the way getting Bubba back in there again. Oh, right. The sock puppet master. Exactly. Well, what else could it possibly be? Is she like, I don't know. Well, I think the fact that her name is Clinton. I think we're like mesmerized by that. I'm not saying that I'm not gonna add. I vote for 50 times against the Bushmaster. If she's the one who emancipates from this fancize. More power to that bit to a Hillary. Zoli and North Miami. Why do you send me his faxes? Yeah, what a... This need like a chronic fetch. Whatever. Oh, about the thing we have a day about plan of a CBC thing and about reading a Michael Moore book and he's like, George doesn't want to read. So how about I do a publisher? No, I'm not gonna read the book on a year. Okay. Go on and buy the book. Have your boyfriend read it to you, Zoli. Okay. You silly person you. Have your boyfriend read it to you. Why do you send back with your legs up and ear? Oh, speaking of your legs up and ear, we got that WTO thing. But we better start building this other pool. You know, because I don't think we got to four names on it. You and I did. But that doesn't get the job done. If you only had one tape or like if you were stranded on a desert island. And of course, a lot of other time you'd be spent hunting bananas and the working on, you know, the old python, whatever you were doing, but coconut. And you're coconut. But if you had one tape or DVD movie that you could watch over and over again, what would it be if it was one and only one. See this, this precludes those people will say, well, I got a few for you. I got a couple. Yeah, if you have one. So that's why I ordered it that way. To avoid those pains in the answer, always want more than one. And this isn't the same as just the best movie. No, of course. I'll be the same thing. This isn't even a one that you've watched the most in the past. This is the one that you could like live with that would like to solve your needs. Like I got one, but we won't put it on there because it's old. That he does Dallas. That would solve a lot of your needs. Not mine. All right. Godfather, Godfather 2, network or our clockwork runs. This is the only four we've got on this so far in the world hours. We'll get some 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's Pompano. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yes, I got a good one for your four. How about the swanner? I like that. Hello. And the one that was. But the prisoner wasn't really a movie. Wasn't it? No, series. No, wasn't. So like I said, it's a good one if it was a movie, but is it a movie? No, it's a many series. I mean, we could put it on there, but it wouldn't be a real race series. I want to pick mash. 11 years of entertainment there. Mash was a movie though. See that's real. Oh, that's right. Uh-huh. Prisoner was never a movie. I don't know how they would have made it a movie. Really when you come right down to it because you're running. I guess they could have put it. It couldn't. But it wasn't. It wasn't so thin. It was nice. Try, pal. I mean, there's the first call. Try to pull one on there. And it's not even a movie. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon, Marleslan. And who is number six? Well, that's right. It's Patrick McGool. And here's the lady in West Palm Beach. Hello. Hi. I've got a great movie to laugh with. Okay. The great outdoors with John Candy. The great outdoors. Rest in peace. Man, if you just tap put down that last piece of candy. I just laugh every time I see it. Okay. Enjoy your day. Bye bye. See you. Bye bye. Oh, John Candy. He was Canadian. I just mentioned that in passing. What does Ted Kennedy? Why after lie after lie? And quote, the decision to honor Kennedy was made before the war. And his spokesman says he is looking forward to the event. Oh yeah, that's right. Bush senior's got to give him that award for his 120 service. That's going to be a beautiful thing. I hope he gets up there and makes his speech in just Rips W. Major bloody ass. I just love to see it. That's going Ted. By the way, put the sandwich down. Here's a call from plantation. Hello. Yeah, I got one here. Yes sir. Okay. Wait. Get a little closer to the phone. Okay. Speak it up with a wholesome. You know like your ass. Coral Gables in Plantation. They seem to have something in common. Here's a call from a pompino. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah, I don't have an addition. Have you got the pot shut down? Scott or something? Because all of a sudden I know my hearing hasn't gone like rush. Go head sir. Yeah, yeah. I don't have an addition to the poll. Because it's on there already the gas. But I want to ask you something. I think the key for the Democrats to win the election. Here's two things. One. They really need to select a very good advice president. You can. And then I mean, go on. No. No. No, they don't have to put a very good one on it. They just don't have to put a bad one on it. It's a death wish like Librum and. I mean, because we're basically cost them five states as far as our. I mean, could even carry on home state. Absolutely. Right. And whoever is the candidate. Do the right thing in grace, Baba. Ask him for help. I mean, it'll be a slam. Don't take this, you know. Get Baba the light. I mean, gore distance itself. So far from clear for whatever reasons. You know, it was the biggest mistake he made other than, you know, selecting Librum and. I just feel that, you know, Bob was shows up and, you know, campaign for the person. It's the kind of it's going to make it so much easier. I believe. I mean, I think. I say Bobby Graham provides president that could up when Florida. Yeah. And Howard Deense's Grammys on a short list of choices if he wins it. Yeah. That's true. And he helps us. But let's just hope that, you know, that this. The big concern, the next November. I mean, that's all we can hope for now. Okay. I'll get my legs crossed. Thanks. Okay. Cross your legs in your eyes and your arms. Okay. In fact, just wrap yourself up like the Buddha. Like Christ Rafferty just puts his arms round himself and the dark and clicked in. Buddha, that too dark. 560560 pound. 560 on the AT&T and Verizon, Marles Llan. Howard Dean 78. He'll be 69. Oh, she don't like that position. Wesley Clark has got. But third man. Here's the call from Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes, sir. I got an addition to your pay. Okay. Caddy Shack. Caddy Shack. Okay. That's moving. I'm sorry. Okay. Thank you so much. Well, he stays home a lot, I guess. Caddy Shack. All right. This is the best movie he ever seen. And I do like Caddy Shack. I've seen it a couple of times. That's what I've received again. 560560. What is this? It's clean. But some parents were furious. They must be fast for high school. No, why did happen to be so poor. You know, they were going to think kids. They were just my own benefit rate of class. The police say not everyone is innocent. A lot of the fact that it has been seen in a theory. Holy cow. Are you watching? She doesn't like it. He doesn't think. A drug strip and it is publicized. We'll strap out of the house. Some of the officers. They're weapons drawn. And they got all the two. Not done on the court. That the faces are heads of students. It was down in a position where should somebody who has drug. Subberboard. And he or fears. A drug swick getting caught. And if there's something they made a choice. They should decision and decided to use a weapon. I've never seen anything like that in my life. Oh, if I were like a doctor. Officer say it was for everyone safety. They did handcuffs several students who wouldn't get down. Oh, my God. Mobile reaction on our part. I'm sure it was an inconvenience to those individuals who were all that hallway. But I think the valuable experience there. I can't I know if there did snow drugs and 12 foot fast. But nothing was actually found. But police aren't discouraged. We've sent a message to the folks. The other having and dealing drugs at the school that. You know, we know you're doing that. We have no hesitation to come in and address it. All the kids down on the floor. Right. Would there be one wheel because they're looking for traces of their looking. It's rough. I think it was very simple. Sensitive man fascism is alive. I'm out of time to buy the boots. Baby hip boots. Good. My. This is sports. Real five. Two. Two. Gordon gives out Florida a major blow job. I like it. I like it. Five, 60. W. You. A.M. Resents. The. And. With. How. This is. And I'm Anthony. You're. It's me with. Oh. Yeah. You got the. Okay. Yeah. I hope. And. Let's not forget. I got a. Really hit the big time. I. Hey, I am with the old be on Anthony. Hey, Mom. What? Take off your pants. Yeah. We're going to rape you now. You got a big kidney. This is a family show. Ah. Wrong. This is the gop on Anthony show. The command. Strap. You guys only did that in church. Hey. Get out of there. That. That's my. I. I. I. I. Somebody. I. I. Yeah. Got a nice. I know for your. I'm still. I. I. I. I. I got a. I got a. I want the red ball. And I. All right. My open. Jump. Let's see. Okay. Open. For. I. That's. Can. Good. Yeah. Good. Yeah. You. That's. Not. That. I. I. You're not. It's. Yeah. I. I. You're not. You're. Yeah. You're. Yeah. Okay. Take it away. I. You. Yeah. Thanks. Okay. What? You just got to leave me here. I. It will be right back. Okay. I. I. I. It's a lot of 32 at five 16 W to come. Reason I play that. I bet you don't know it. No, I don't know why. Here's the answer. Woman sentenced in cathedral sex case. Just in only moments ago. Woman accused of having sex with a boyfriend inside St. Patrick's Cathedral. This part of a radio showstone was sentenced to. Yeah. Five days of community service. I. That's it. No. Well, right. I'll in Harper 36 being guilty to the sorely conduct yesterday. Harper and Brian Florence were arrested in August 2002. After police officer listening to the opian Anthony show her producer Paul Maccurio Saanier that he was speaking on a cell phone while watching the couple Copylate in the cathedral. They were doing it the old in and out. Florence 38 out of a heart attack in September. So it goes to chart a Lord. Worse in. Stereus ways. Maccurio 43 played a gully early in the day to the sorely conduct. The judge ordered him to form seven days of community service. The stunt part of a regular feature which couples could win prizes for having sex in public places. Resulted in WNWFM firing DJ's great OP Hughes Anthony Kumia. A $357,000 FCC fine against the infinity broadcasting. Scott for rail getting a blown out because WNWFM dropped the format. And it's at least so we got for rail here now, which is a good news for us. But bad news for them. Five days of community service for that broad. How do you like that? Yeah. There are a lot of people out there who would like to screw in church and then only get five days. How about the only movie that's just as funny the 30th time is the first. Scott for the man. And playing says this fact's very good choice. I love that. That's right in there with my friends. Love it. And also, South Park the movie. Scott, you're fucking kidding me. Great news to call so it's a good one for list. So the list is building thanks to the factes and not so much on the phone. That's okay. I'm not sure if you're mesmerized by the hell with me. Speaking of mesmerized, I must tell you. I mean, you know, you and I said in that room there and watch what happened on 9 11. And that's just, you left all of us with our jaw hanging to our ankles. But a close second for me is this thing that I just saw. Yeah, actually. How can they take that so lightly? How can it just be like, oh, well, you know, this is just the effort way things are. As the father of a high school student. If that had happened to my child, there would be lawsuits at least. Right. Laws leads to the law or at least. Can you imagine your back in high school, all you have people out there. You're going from class to class and all of a sudden. Everybody on the floor. Okay. And if you don't, uh, hop to and get right in the position they want. They handcuff you. Right. And here come in a whole bunch of whole slew of uniform cops who are guns drawn. And they're guns dipping, uh, they're drug sniffing dogs. And, uh, and they're, and they're making a massive search. They didn't actually find any they found some traces, like maybe a pin joint. I mean, seriously, this. I'm Tonya. I said it before. Maybe it was my psychic powers again. But the public doesn't understand that they're free to. Two way in some kind of a, I'll got them drug search based on one. Based on the fact that their kids in high school do and drug. Oh, what a concept. I can't believe that. Good thing they're not having that right away. Next thing, you know, we'll be finding out the kids in school are doing, seven, six. Yeah. Got it. Noah's with. They'll be looking at 10. Be just like, uh, the, uh, the, uh, Bra<|es|>as. They have a different kind of sniffing dog for that. Now, but they do. Who's saving here that says, I want to read it for a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit. Oh, I love it. That's my favorite facts. I love. Lamentation about the, the boy. And that was before they had this police raid the school in the summer, Charleston, South Carolina. Well, I've said, I know a lot of you people don't like CNN and I don't, I keep it on here only in case there's something dramatic going to happen in the world in the middle of the show that we need to talk about. But, uh, you've got to watch it during the, because I know they run this stuff over and over again. I can't, I can't believe, I can't believe what I just saw. I cannot believe it. I mean, what, what are we talking about here? I would say a lot of a bunch of people. And percent all I'd like to round them up on Election Day. Keep them busy. Don't give her crap 27. I'll sharpen 12 John Kerry 10. He's scary, John Kerry. I've 60 on the AT&T line. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes. I'd like to recommend the movie that directors cut of until the end of the world. It's only been shown by the director. I think six times it's actually about eight and a half, nine hours long. It's the 91 release of William Hurt, a bunch of other people in it. And it makes it much more coherent, the fate is long, but if you're on a desert island. Yeah, you had a lot of time on your hands. And, uh, my vote, I'm going to vote for Tim Fortune, possibly, because I love the way he, uh, grand, uh, the Netherlands. Yeah. I'm throwing you around the Netherlands. He never hit run the Netherlands. They shot him before he died. They shot him. They killed him. Yeah. They have to think that was one of the true political tragedies of the last five years. So I'm quickly headed back to Europe. So I don't blame you. Cool. I'll see you on a plane. Ciao. Proceeds. 560560. I'm Tonya. Get out while to get this good. That's my suggestion to you. I'm feeling nice and comfortable. Maybe not so warm. It's not too warm here today. But I'm feeling kind of cozy. In fact, you know that trip I got coming up real soon. Yeah. It's 41 degrees. The sun is shining. There's just a couple of puppy little white clouds in the sky. Dits for Paul and Ron are like here. That's around a weather. And then the height of Maro is going to be like a 34 or 35. So I'm getting out just at the right time, right? Pretty good. Pretty briefly. Just before that WTO thing starts. Oh boy. The Harold says, should we stay or should we go? I now the scorecard is divided around downtown Miami businesses and civic offices. Try to anticipate the workplace problems caused by this month's free trade summit. I think we should take that week off. Don't you? Okay. Scare off by warnings of violent protests, three closures and traffic types. Doesn't the business institution have decided to make alternate arrangements for the week of November 17, which is the week after next when the free trade or area of the Americas conference convenes in Miami. Sandy Hicken is terrified about the potential havoc when tens of thousands of protesters marched by the glass windows of a store. She decided letter 14 employees stay home after seeing pictures this week of what happened 99 at the WTO meeting in Seattle. We cater to the elite capitalist they hate so much she said. She's owned the store at 50s northeastern avenue for almost 60 years. Life isn't worth taking a chance it's only money. Good going Sandy. Good point. And then also points out that dozens of law in accounting firms are temporarily relocating employees to Broward County offices or allowing people to work from home that week. The Miami Federal Court houses week. He closed for the entire week while the day circuit court is cancelled all criminal and civil jury tiles. Nervous, who the house nervous? My wife and low. This is for 3.05. You know when I call my friends all over the country and brag about how great my life is. I use 10 10 shot up. Yeah it's easy just out 10 10. I bought it. It's me. Oh. Hi John. You know we get those checks every week. The ones from that sad piece that come we were on where the oldson twins did all the work. I just sat around doing my hair and strum my guitar. Alright. I get to break in those early checks and I get to sleep with my incredibly hot super model wife too. You know the best part about 10 10 shot up. Just get rid of when somebody hangs up on you and you're instantly reconnected. Hello Bob John again. Hey did you know I don't even have to work anymore. Yeah my wife makes so much money. I just do these commercial so people remember that I'm still alive. 10 10 shot up. But when you just can't shut up. I got me again. Hey, do I mention how hot my wife is? Oh she's amazing. Hey she's selfish. I'm 45. Who's he married to John Stamos? Rebecca Rubin. Stame it all. Excuse me. I love Sean from Hollywood. I just won't give up. And I can't read you. Get a new fax machine. We got a John Lockmark on it. Yeah he's always got like big black ones on the side. Like a truck tire ran over to Facts paper. Then he was straw dogs. We'll put that on the pool and he says I do it. I do like to line the last part. He says I love sand pecking Paul. He's killed more people in cancer. Not bad John. And we'll get to your pole then we're good and ready. It's a good movie choice. Sure. Right. Sean's good. He just a little carried away. It's a good one. You can't get that truck off his high-packs machine. Oh, this is amazing. University of Miami is we said before the host first presidential debate of 2004. The great bastion of learning in yearning. Have great bastion of intellectualism. New of them were Donna Schleiluss as we don't have any balls. The first debate of the 2004 presidential elections will be held at the University of Miami. The Commission on Presidential debates announced yesterday. This is fantastic news for our community. For our community for our university. For all of Florida. You and President Donna Schleiluss said in her statement. That bitch. It's particularly exciting for our students. We'll have an opportunity to witness history be made in their own campus. Right. What campus, Donna? You ever been on the U of M campus? Me? Yeah. Sort of. You have knives. I drove through Coral Gables. That counts, doesn't it? There is no U of M campus. I've been in Marklight Stadium broadcast in ball games. Yeah. Well, what campus? I drove up. You see any classrooms? I saw some building. Any textbooks? No. There aren't any. There is a pizza. Not pizza, huh? What's the other one? Sir, Peter, Mr. Honado. I saw a little see. There's that little season. Is that still there? So I'm on the bird hit. I was just being so great. It was so salty, man. It's like about killed me. But when it did to the bird. The university had to commit to a formal proposal. I was put together on the direction of Shilly Lee. A former cabinet member in the administration of Bill Clinton, a bitch. And in George McGovernor, she had Bush president of brother president George Bush, no kidding. To debate September 30, it's September 1. I've heard, man. In 2004, the first presidential debate to be held in Florida in modern times. Holy Schmidt. Eh, well, it's very appropriate. The same state where these people, the Bush has told the first election. Three of the debates all October be held at case Western Reserve University in Cleveland. Washington University in St. Louis. And Arizona State University in 10p. They said it would be good idea because the offense played the pod raise there. I mean the charges, whatever their name is, in 10p. So let's see the hold on there. Why not? If it was good enough for them. Speaking of polls, here's what I should make you feel a little bit better all of our Dean supporters. How are Dean holds a 14 point lead over John Kerry and a poll likely voters in New Hampshire's Democratic presidential primary. A midsides that the contest is evolving into a two-man race. Dean, the former Vermont Governor, had the support of 38% while Kerry. The scary-looking Massachusetts Senator was backed by 24% 38 to 24 poll-released yesterday. Dean led Kerry by 10 points in a similar survey by the Manchester New Hampshire-based organization October. Then he had 24% now as a white to 38. Others in the field, single digits, Wesley Clark, John Edwards, and Connecticut Jewel Lieberman 4 points each. Missouri represented the Gave Heart 3% Dennis Cassinuts with an awful here. Peace caromoles they brought out sharp in 1% or less. Dean and Kerry were favored viewed favorably by two thirds of the voters. Gave Heart viewed favorably by just over half 52%. He's got a Chinaman's chance in how the Gave Heart. Okay, not everybody's into Dick. 92 votes for Howard Dean, Hillary Clinton 80, Wesley Clark 37, and I'm for Bush. What is it? 36.9% enough to make you want to cry. In other words, that's the don't confuse us with the facts crowd. Yeah. And in fact, after seeing I'm just sure that thing I described it, that read on that high school, it went up four tens of a point. Right. Well, that's a good way of keeping drugs out of school. That's right. Keep them damn punk kids in line. Keep the drugs out of school. Go in there. Just out of an house there we know. And just start shooting them off in a year. You know, and if one ricochets and kills a couple of kids, that'd be a real good lesson. That's it. No more of this damn liberal, county, pink, hostess side, where all these drug addicts like Rush Limbaugh. Oh, excuse me. 56. We're sure not getting up to response on this other pool. Are we? We're getting some wood. We're not on the phone. It's not the usual like falling all over each other. Get out of it. Because they just didn't get it. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. Here's Pompano. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Good one. I saw that one too. Here's my any. Hello. My name. Yes, sir. Yeah. Hi, Neil. I have this degree with you strongly, many issues over the years. But I have to tell you, on the other hand, I admire you a lot. Because number one, you're on, you dish it out evenly, whoever you're a group, you're a panther. Yeah. And you're a stretcher. You are. You know every potential will be somebody else. Yeah. And I'm talking to you as a Cuban Republican who hates bushes. Great. And can I not wait to see him defeated. Excellent. And I want to make one comment to you. You were talking this morning about the fact that here we are, you know, six more people get killed today and seven seven. Seven seven. Okay. Because he is the 16 that we love last week. He doesn't even hit the news. I mean, I'm watching today show that just, you know, that they see what they talk about it. I mean, he just briefly, they're showing somebody else. They're talking to Rosie Rosio Donald. Scott and Lacey Peterson. Exactly. I mean, you know, last time I heard this morning, and I am embarrassed of this, the president of country has become really so invalid. I mean, they're really words like, I mean, it's just really isn't the payment and nothing else. Yeah. The other thing that worries me is, and I just came from a trip where I went through North Carolina, North Carolina, Kentucky, with Virginia all of those states. And I can tell you every single radio session was an evangelical station. I went going through the dial and I couldn't get anything but evangelical station. Oh, my God. Oh, I'm preaching about our good bushes and how, you know, everything. You know, it's just really incredible. I mean, you know, I don't know what happened to us, but with the rush and all these other people. I mean, you know, we really don't have anybody who can talk for us. Who people who can be moderate. I'm not a liberal, but I'm a moderate, but I believe that that that that that that is a radical, or both of you know, you have radicals on the right too. Well, let's say the way you put up, go to the Italian and tell them. Go to a bunch of times. Start turning man. And hanging there. Yeah. Okay. Thank you. Well, no, you go there's the good Cuban. Here's one. We got a few. I'm not talking about a few good Cubans, but I mean, if you were like not going to vote for Bush, who aren't sucked in by all this bull crap 20% sadly 20% one. That's the stat that keeps coming out. That's not too bad. No, because seriously, when you look at ethnicity, for example, when you look at blacks, it's almost always over 90% of over democratic. And when you look at Jews, it's over 90% of, I'll tell you one thing. I don't want to even go into it. You know, what's used to be insane, yeah? Oh, hey. You start adding it up in your mind, like women, especially after you signed that anti abortion video the day that the judges had to like put a halt on. And of course, they'll try to drive it all the way to the Supreme Court and that it gives flunkies up there to understand. But what kind of a irrational woman, but then again, using that expression in rational woman, because a lot of those right to life, lunatics, maybe a majority of our women, religious brainwashed to the fetus huggers. Here's one from Jim and a Redlands who says the movie that always is in my player anticipating bad broadcast is endless summer. Oh, Jim and a Redlands don't let him find out what you're doing out there for the heart. It's a 60, I've seen it. 60 surfing, filled made by Bruce Brown. I recommended. I've seen it. Yeah. Once. Wait, you know, driving movie channel that I'm always telling you about with all the critical movies. For some reason, they have an obsession with that kind of stuff. And it feels time, you know. So a couple of days a year, they have like all of Bruce Brown surfing movies side by each like back to back, you know. So I've seen it. And every now and then I can't turn it anything off. You know, that's me. That's this old fag. So Jim and a Redlands, I hope you're having a good old time. A gay time in a Redlands. And the summer. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. You want to talk to that whole surfing thing. That's why that guy that was married to a close personal friend, Pamela Lee with a big boobs. What's that was his name, Kelly Slater? Yeah. Better not the worst I'm getting younger. I just turned 57. Here's your call from Hollywood. Hello. Hey, how you doing, buddy? Pretty good, sir. I'm doing good too. I got one for your poll. Actually, it would be pink for the wall, oddly enough. But only because you can listen to the music while you're cracking coconut. You know, and it's like, you know, on your island, it has sex drugs also too. But more could you want? Yeah, my girl wants to get a school in Charleston, South Carolina. There you go. I'm going to rate elementary school for Ridland here. All right. I'm the biggest man. I'm a rust man. You buy all me. Okay, don't get a watchy for rush. Okay, my girl wants to pick Greece by the way, but that's not what she does. You're going to get a call. There you go. All right, thank you. Are we putting Greece on there? She likes John Revolta. Is your wife out? What do you mean, Greece? Put some Greece on it. Oh, wouldn't be the first time. Yeah, and of course, if you live in Taylor, Michigan, like I said, you got a big old jug of Vaseline on top of the TV for emergency when you get like all excited. If Hillary Clinton ran from president, which Democrat would you prefer? Howard D. 99. He's right on the cusp of 100 right on the edge, right on the precipice. Swery Clinton's got 83 for old Hillary. They like her. Don't care. I'm from Bush 39, 11.3% of keeps goosing up and up and up. I think we may be going to get the feet on us before the days are. I think so. Wesley, Carl Scott, 38. Don't give her craft 33. I'll sharpen 16. Scary old John Kerry 12. He does look craggy though, you know that. Dennis Gocenich, 10, who says all the right things and looks like hell on wheels. 10. Seriously, you've got to see the hairpiece. You must watch one of those debates. You're just, you're falling a full laughing. You've never seen anything so you'll have to see it. I could look up the picture. Jewelie, Roman 5, Carl mostly brawn for Dickham art for. And John Edwards from Caroline is, what is he from North Carolina? Yes, I don't know. He's got a small pair. 5. Local, the species 5, 60. 3 years old, yours. Oh, God, you ain't. The Mohaw and the David. And you're only saying funny how the rape of the David is that pipe smokers told the one hour. What the do the do the do the do the boy. From one of his different actions comes the cutest little Arabs you've ever seen. Arifets, Abdullah, Jerusalem and little Jericho 102 Palestinians. This time, the wicked Kurolla Baroque is trying to separate all the little Palestinians from their happy, West Bay homes. It's one explosive situation after another with all those Palestinians scrambleing for cover. Don't miss Walt Disney's newest animated feature 102 Palestinians now showing in theaters everywhere. Hello to it. 5, 60, W.M. Happy Friday to you. David Koran is one of my favorite people. He writes capital games in the nation and culture goes to the movies. That's an inverse calm capital games. And culture goes to the movies. He says, don't we this if you like and colder? Don't we this if you want to believe and colder gets your facts straight? The other night I was at listed to appear on MSNBC's hardball to discuss the controversy over the CBS mini series on Ronald Nancy Reagan. On the other side was colder the over the top and over the edge conservative author whose latest book literally brands all liberals' treasonous. Conservatives and Republicans have held at the Reagan movie was a Travis D. complaining it portrays Reagan as out of it in the White House and Calistorn AIDS victims. On the right note of that since the movie as far as I can tell does not detail how Reagan and cozy it up to their apartheid regime of South Africa, their murderous dictator of Chile and that squad enabling government of El Salvador, and indeed has a problem with accuracy. Many series trussons seems to be its schlockiness. The available tipsmaker looked like dynasty meets mommy dearest set in the White House. Colter started more restrained than usual, though she predictably backed Hollywood liberals were trying to undermine the historical standing of a present they despised by resorting to trashy revisionism. Perhaps she even had a point, who could tell what the producers were aiming at, but then she jumped the tracks. She claimed that the movie patent was made by Hollywood lives with her hatred in her hearts for George S. Pat and the Britain-Putterratic WWE 2 general. These filmmakers intended to make patent look terrible, she maintained, but because they produced an accurate work, the movie ended up making patent look great and people loved them. Was patent, the left wing Hollywood conspiracy that backfired? Host Chris Matthews immediately challenged her in his subtle fashion. You are dead wrong. He pushed her for proof and she replied, that's why George C. Scott turned on his Academy Award for Plain Patton. Colter was suggesting that Scott had spurred his Oscar because the filmmakers painted the story of patents image by portraying the general as negatively as possible had gone awry. Matthews wasn't buying. Who told you that? Who told you that he shouted? For Oracle-like response, it's well known. She added, why do you think he turned on the award Chris? You never looked that up and never occurred to you. Matthews retorted, because he said he wasn't going to be a meat parade because he didn't believe in awards ceremonies. And Matthews was right. Following the show, I took Colter's advice and I did look it up. I found a 1999 obituary of Scott that noted he had shundi, a stun Hollywood and a 1971 for being the first person ever to refuse an Academy Award. He explained his action by slamming such awards as the meaning and he dismissed the Oscar ceremony as a two-hour meat parade. Matthews received extra points for getting the quote correct. Colter had twisted his well-documented episode in the yet more proof that liberals, especially those in Hollywood, are conspiratorial traders. After I described this exchange as someone who once worked with her, he said, that's a and she lives in her own world and she just makes things up. This interlude can turn to small matter, who would we be debating one of my favorite movies, but this minor dust that provided evidence to support a serious charge is Matthews and Mark while wrapping up the segment, facts me nothing to you and, if so, why continue to have a run? And it says on here, don't forget about David Corns' new book, The Lies of George W. Bush, which I have in my hand right now, mastering the politics of the section by David Corn, got it right here. See, I got so many books. I got the Bushwack, the Molly Evans Booker, out of Rita, got the Al Franken book. I got a pile, man. I got piles. You write them all, right? Oh yeah. Maybe you can have that the Fag and North Miami Beach read them to, which warned. The one that sent the facts, Zoe and Zoe, whatever that guy's name is. We'll join a reading club. Anyway, I just want to read as speaking of that, just a page or two from a David Corns' book since I haven't read it yet. From the introduction? Okay. A first it starts by saying a false restoration. Some people think it's inappropriate to draw more line. Not me, for our children have the lives we want for them. They must learn to say yes to responsibility, yes to honesty. George W. Bush do, June 12, 1999. George W. Bush is a liar. He's lied large and small. He's lied directly and by what mission he has misstated. Facts knowingly or not, he has misled his broken promises been on people to political vows. Through his campaign for the presidency in his first years in a White House, he has mugged the truth, not merely an honest there, but deliberately consistently and repeatedly to advance his career in his agenda. Lying greets his path toward the White House, it's been one of the essential tools of his presidency. To call the 43rd president of the USA per vericator is not an exercise of opinion, not an inflammatory talk radio device. This ensolved is supported by an altru extensive record of self-serving falsifications, so constant is his pitting that a history of his lies offers a close approximation of the history of his presidential tenure. And it goes on for how many pages is a big book. Wow. About 320 pages. So there you go. Go on by it today at a bookstore nearby you the lies of George W. Bush mastering the politics of deception. David Corn. You're going to get it? I'll bring it up. All right. So far on a poll, if Hillary Clinton ran for president, which Democrat would you prefer? Howard Dean 105. Hillary Clinton 86. Don't care on for Bush 46, 12.3%. Uh-huh. Wesley Clark 45. Don't give a crap 35. Now sharpen 17. John Kerry 13. Dennis, Chris Senate 11. Julie Roman 5. Caramel's Lee Braun 4. Dick M. Hart 4. And John Edwards is still stuck with his small pair out of three of them in the 73 vote. Here's a call from I. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Neil, I love you when you read it, man. I love it. I just love it. Because I know it just makes there their little wiki. Just shrink up and shrivel up all these bush lickers. Yeah. You know what? All these people, everybody I run across, so that's trying to enlighten them. All they want is, do you want to be bald? Where's the bald? Do you want to be bald? Oh, man. Yeah. Okay. Good call. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Good. Now, any calls? I might have to play that thing over again. You know, let's see what you might have to. I've threatened to do it. And I might just do it. I dare you. What does that mean? Do it please. Uh, okay. Oh, I was eating. Well, we're going to how am I going to find it. You know, to truly understand what happened on September the 11th. Oh, see, I got it right there. Another amazing. All right. Let's try to get some other stuff here first though. Union owned investor offers loan to the Marlins. An unexpected new player emerged yesterday in the effort to build a state in for the Marlins. You do understand how important that is. I do. Good. When the nation's largest union owned life insurance company, Ulico, ULLICO, Ulico announced his willing to loan more than $110 million to the plan. Ulico Chairman Terry Osolven hopes to discuss the offer with the team next week. He says the company will offer rates that could undercut conventional loans of the project creates a negotiated number of high paying jobs. The catch, the construction site would be union only. This is money from union members and it should benefit union members Osolven said. The give back with his project is more than that. It's a chance to raise our statue in the community and to put labor up there with World Series Champs. Whether the community, well, whether the company will get the chances on clear Marlins, President David Samson. We all just know and love because he's such a funny guy. We did it. So I've laid Thursday that he couldn't comment on the proposal because he hasn't been contacted. My and the Miami City manager Joe Ariola working on a financing plan with Dave County Commissioner George Burgess said, Urico's offered loan to Marlins money does little to bring the team closer to the city. We still have to pay for it, Ariola said. Well, maybe they could just like we're doing with the rack just out of loan just to give. Right. Why not? So far, Dave County has put 73 million in the club's promised number and 37 million, leaving $150 million. The team is talking with Miami about a contribution. May approach the state legislature as well. Just give a couple of million dollars. Okay, and stop belly it can about it's important stuff. What's big enough important stuff. I was sexually abused by priest exiles says. And our dicey's a Miami priest cleared of two past sexual abuse complaints faces a new claim that he molested a boat lift. Refugee at a corral gables church. Oh, not in the gables. Oh, my God. That's acrology's, you know. The human exile on Thursday accused of veteran Catholic priest of sexual abuse 23 years ago at a corral gables church where he was living after arriving from Cuba on the Marylle boat lift. I'd like that. The alleged lawsuit, the alleged victim, rather said in the lawsuit, the Reverend Alvaro Guishar, we've had his name on many may time. Promise him a car in a job in a change for sex. At the time, we sharp as a priest of the church at a little flower and corral gables. It's hard for me to talk about this. I've lived with this problem for many many years without tell my family or anybody the alleged victim 39 said yesterday. It is a Chinese office in Hollywood. We sure was reinstated in August as pastorally same Francis de Selt church in Miami Beach. After the arts dicey's a Miami cleared him up to earlier, sex abuse complaints we sure had been suspended for 15 months. We sure who has served as an arts dicey, arts dicey, sassan priest for a long time. About 10 man. 30 years. Adam Lee denied the allegations in interview in his parish office. It's fiction false and lies we sure have 63 said. The new allegations are as ridiculous as the other ones. The alleged victim was not identified in the lawsuit. The sue was filed against the Miami arts dicey's claiming it knew the past sexual abuse claims against him. And failed to take steps to protect the alleged victim. The alleged victim said I want him we sure to be removed from the church and to be removed permanently. He said he never reported the alleged abuse to police or church authorities because he was alone. Young and afraid the recent flurry of sex abuse complaints against numerous priests convinced him to come forward. Wait for that? So poor pop a we sure are there at the church a little flower. Don't forget folks the crazy people the religious people. They're the craziest to them all. Even our chronic callers can't come under and on the same category with that. Why not the shot? I want to take just one. Okay, I understand why they're all called now that I threatened to play that thing. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Okay sir. A couple of things. I actually think the Democrats chance in the sex election pretty swim because the economy seems to be picking up again. I think you know with a good economy, you know, the Democrats chances are like I said no. The next thing I wanted to tell you are ask you is let me get some be sure. Do you heard a media withdrawal of our church my last way now? You know that is that that who is that? That's one of the chronic chronic one of the most chronic. I can't think who that voice is. Is that a lot of light bulb guy or something? Yeah, that was one of those old the crime. We don't we're not that desperate. I'd rather play the ACBC thing and this crap about the Democrats chances swimming under because the economy's picking up. Why do you know right now in the short for a new markets going up and we hit this big employment number today and all this while we'll see what happens in a year from now. It's almost exactly the same thing as great negative now. Plus we'll see how many more dead people we got. I mean more body bags we got coming back. It's worth it. Always in it. 12 13 at 560 WQM. One of the best kept top floor to dining sequences in crawl springs right where their last Jack asked was calling from. The Gold Coast seafood grill just celebrated their one year anniversary received three and a half stars from the Suncentals Showtime dining review. The Gold Coast seafood grill has specialties that include Mango Plum salmon. I'm encrusted my hema he orton a glazed sea bass and crab and shrimp stuff trout. There's an incredible bar atmosphere with an extensive line of martini list. Big martini's in happy hour only five and a half bucks like I said big enough to take a bath in from 4 to 7 pm seven days a week. The Gold Coast seafood grill is located in crawl springs 252 north university drive inside the prestigious beautiful walk shopping center for reservations and more information call nine five four two five five fish. You can die inside or outside large parties and private functions always welcome to if you want some really fantastic seafood. This is the place experience the best kept secret lunch and do dining in all South Florida. The Gold Coast seafood grill and crawl springs located at 2752 north university drive inside the walk shopping center. We're sports radio five season 2 a.m. Why do you question. I'm home. I'm home. Hi, Homer. We're having chicken. Oh, or isn't tuna. No. I don't get it. I'm a cancer chicken. But it tastes like tuna. The Jessica Simpsons. It's TV's first animated reality show with two dimensional homework and one dimensional Jessica. Perfect. Get it. Let's get to our is some popular wing. You, Homer. I don't eat buffalo. You'll be silly. Get it, guys. Everybody knows popular wings are made from chicken. Oh, let's chicken a visit. Oh, the Jessica Simpsons. Because people this down could only be in cartoons. Right? Yeah, we hope. It's a 1218 at 5.60 WQAM. One more please. I want to get this thing off the past machine that I'm printing. Okay. A man charged with entering a restricted area during October 2002 presidential visit. It's a opinion US attorney general John Ascroft and Bush political advisor Carl Robe to test a virus. Testified is trial next week. Oh, very good. Activist Brett Bursey 55 said yesterday the man's testimony would show that the Bush administration tries to sanitize areas of the center around the president during visits across the country. Assistant US attorney John Barton was handling the case denotably to return telephone call. What how spokesman Taylor Grow rose said Robe had not been served with his epina and declined for their common trial SIT for next Wednesday. Good. Good. Make their lives miserable. Okay. Here's a fashion Tucker chronic Tucker says his favorite movie that he watched over and over again would be the big Lebowski, which you keep telling me don't see it. I didn't. I never saw it. That was Boner Boy said that one said that you should see it. Well, whatever. The big Lebowski. And if she had just taken that blue dress to the gricliners, we could have a hood all I crap. Save all of that cash. Senate moves to ease restrictions on travel to Cuba. The Senate moved on several fronts yesterday to make it easier for Americans to travel to and do business with Cuba. Setting up a confrontation with the White House, which says the President will veto any legislation that we can courteous restrictions on such contacts. Because he's busy pandering. The Senate for Relations Committee voted 13-5 in favor of legislation when the Cuba travel van first imposed by President Kennedy in 1963. The legislation sponsored by a bipartisan group headed by Senator Mike Enzy, Republican and Wyoming, would bar the president from restricting travel to Cuba, except in the two countries are at war. Enzy also joined Senate maxed Bocke's Democrat on 10 other stairs day, and urging House and Senate leaders to retain language-easing with travel van that both chambers included in a 90-billion-dollar bill to fund transportation and treasury department programs in the 2004 budget year. The White House has threatened to threaten the presidential veto of the spending bill included the Cuba language, giving those negotiating a compromise the incentive to remove the provision before it goes back to the House and Senate for final vote. But Enzy and Bocke joined by senators, Larry Craig, a Biden-Holk, Chris Dott of Connecticut, said removing the provision we aid direct act against the Will of Congress and a majority of Americans. They wrote if the conference produced a conference report that excludes our amendment, will consider all parliamentary options available to us to respond to that eventuality. Righty for that? Yeah. But El Presidente, of course, and his brother, the two-busied pandering we don't want to say to whom. Righty. Here's the big story of the day. The Moin Iowa. You see this? What? Truckloader with hot dogs catches fire. Hmm, hot dog. There was a giant weeny rose done Interstate 380 but there was no mustard for many of my a mile marker. A truck carrying 43,500 pounds of Oscar-Mire Turkey hot dogs cut fired about 10 p.m. on Tuesday said Trooper Thomas Stroud in a relation to Eric. Turkey, the Iowa State Patrol notes is right in here. Make sure you mention the relation to Eric. Uh, Stroud. Instead of the aroma of roasting meat, troopers and firefighters had to endure black smoke and the aqued smell of burning rubber. Some type of mechanical problem caused the wheel over heat astra to set the driver pull over open the refrigerator power unit that exposed hot oil to the ear and helped ignite the fire. The truck driver was an injured northbound lanes in Interstate near the small town of Urbana, Iowa, which is between Citroes and Waterloo, closed for about 3 hours while the road we used to waste in their ownies. Speaking of that, I don't know if I'm going to play that thing or not, you know? Okay. Well, because I got a lot of stuff here, I guess I will. I'll get around to it. Because I did mention this the way the other day and it's worth talking about. Students who over-voting vulnerability, since we're going to have probably another first election next year. Two students from Swarthmore College have filed suit against one of the nations. You know, you listen to the voice like the guy said was a chronic the call to two minutes ago. You listen to the voices. These are the brainwashed. There's no dealing. You'll never print free because they're like it's like the religious fanatics, which there's the overlap there. Most of them are in that category too. There's no getting through it's like they're mesmerized. You look at them and they have the deep, you know, the sucking eyes. And when I always told you that about call they're losing their liver. They're just nuts. They all have that look that kind of far away look like they're automaton. Glazed nuts. Exactly. Two students from Swarthmore College have filed suit against one of the nations. Largest makers of electronic voting machines, alleging that die-bolding can be used copyright laws to keep information from the public that is crucial to the health of America's democracy. The students used the internet to post die-bolds internal memos and emails saying the document showed their company knew its voting machines were vulnerable to tampering and met it knowingly violated election laws. Diabold issued cease and cease letters to Swarthmore the student service provider claiming the emails are protected under the copyright laws. Though Swarthmore shut down the student's network connections until they had removed the disputed material, other students across the country including three at Princeton have begun to post or mirror this information on their university websites and what some call an act is civil disobedience. Yeah, that's a good sign about time. All right. The legal system is being used as a tool of corporations in a sense people like Diabold just want to protect their own interest. Brian Kattel said regarding his decision to mirror the company's emails. Something like that needs to be seen especially for a company that's carrying the torture American democracy by providing facilities for elections in both counting. The Princeton students at the university has any announcement or moved the information from their websites, University Law is unavailable for comment. The groups are suing for the right to post the leaked memos under the fair use clause of the Copyright Act which allows copyrighted material to be used in news reporting and for the purpose of criticism or comment. I do like that. I like it. You go, boys. You go, boys. A little civil disobedience of a college campus all the way. Notice nothing's having a tense state no more because they're hard way. They won't do that again. They learned they're not going to be doing that normal. Flap over ride home leads to stabbing and suicide attempt in Pompos is the BS. Oh. Another great story. And a parent disagreement over ride home from work ended yesterday with the attempted murder of one fish company employee and the attempted suicide of a second deputy said. The incident took place around 630 yesterday morning at the Great American smoked fish company. According to BSO spokeswoman, Vita Coleman Wright, his what Coleman Wright said happened. As claw net at least 45 of my me walked out of the restroom she was confronted by co-worker Fernanda Luzma, 49 also of my me. He stabbed her in the head so violently that the blade of the knife broke off. The Luzma fled to a bathroom where it was left the knife and barricaded himself inside. When Pompos obieged fire rescue workers arrived they rendered eight to at least while Confredence heard to Luzma who would stabbed himself and test both were transported north difficulties center for surgery. According to the rest of the company to Luzma was upset because At least in thekiimmarright home for more glass Friday October 31. Oh. We'll take those believed to Luzma got the large fully naïve used in the Habings at work while I guess when you work for a fish place you have a lot of. When the Luzma has reached from the hospital we'll be taking the gewe. Oh. Why do you bestude? In order to truly understand what happened on September 11th and the close relationship between the bushes, the bin Laden and the rest of the Saudi A. Lee, you have to go back about 25 years, and so, a couple of thousand kilometers, to Houston, Texas, where in the mid-1970s George W. Bush was a young man just trying to learn the ropes in his family's two businesses, politics, and oil. The bushes were a pillar of Houston's society. George seniors struck a rich in oil, became a congressman, fan director of the Central Intelligence Agency, where it said he first won the Friendship of the Saudi Royal Family by arranging CIA training for their palace guards. And George Jr. was trying to follow in his father's footsteps, a Harvard business grad he dabbled in politics, and the Texas air national guard. And it was about the same time that an amending bill flight, a former fighter pilot with a Harvard MBA himself was recruited to work in Houston with someone with business and personal connections to both George Bush's. His name was Jim Bath. The struggle James Arbath needed someone to run a series of real state companies that would be grudgesake by not only the political families but also by supporting national societies. And so I came down on an interview and met Jim. They opened an office in downtown Houston where Bill White became Jim Bath's part and confident. But White says Bath's been most of his time dealing with his foreign partners, a wealthy Saudi family. The Bin Laden's. He also ran a company in the same building called Bin Laden in Associates, which Jim explained was a procurement company for the Saudis. He brought a bank for them. He brought an airport for them. He started an airline for them. Among other ventures in Houston, Texas. Now at that point had you ever heard the name Bin Laden? No, I had nothing to do. Nothing to me. But in Saudi Arabia, the Bin Laden's. Nan at a great deal indeed. They owned one of the largest Saudi construction companies. They were advisors to the Royal Bammler. They were the second richest family next to the Royal. With billions of dollars to invest abroad, inflation like used it with a Bush family. They moved into this estate in one of Houston's finest neighborhoods. A Bin Laden brother named Solomon Bin Laden and a brother in law, Colib in the Fus. McFus was also one of the Saudi royal families bankers. So he's it fair to say that when the Bin Laden group establishes an office in Houston, the presence of the Bush family at that point had a lot to do with it. Well, absolutely. I think that was essential. The essential element. I don't think any of those dollars were to come into the United States or any of those assets been purchased. Had not there been this quick pro quo relationship with the Bush family. Well, the Bin Laden's built their ties to Texas back home in Saudi Arabia. They were making another kind of foreign investment. In 1979, the Soviet Union occupied Afghanistan. The Saudi royal family wanted to build a Muslim army. It known as the Muhejdine to defend this law and force the Russians out. They turned to their trusted advisors the Bin Laden's. Who offered up a like each 21 year old named Asama. The man who personally chose Asama bin Laden to build that army would also become his mentor, Saudi Prince Trivial Paisal. Last year on British television he reminisced about the young Bin Laden. In those days he was a young man who had committed himself to helping the Afghan Gujaheddin liberate themselves from the Soviet occupation of Afghanistan. He was doing a lot of good. He was bringing support and aid to the Muhejdine. Meanwhile, back in Houston, the Bush family was also on the move. George senior was about to become Vice President and his son made a career decision to. By the late 70s George W. Bush was setting out on his own. He established an oil exploration company that he called our Bush dump. A Spanish word that loosely translated means Bush. But before our Bush took a fine oil, it needed to find some money, operating capital. And apparently George Bush, you were to look. The bath had told me that he had used Saudi money to fund George Bush's juniors for a new into the energy business. This is the our Bush still. The our Bush though partnerships. As baths partner Bill Whites has he had access to information about the financial dealings between the Bin Laden family and George W. Bush. He later obtained baths personal financial statements when the two had a falling out and became involved in litigation. On schedules that show his partnership interests, he shows a personal partnership interest of $25,000 invested in our Bush of 79 and another $25,000 investment in bushading. But according to White, that share was only bathed commission for investing the Bin Laden's money with Bush. Do you have any knowledge of how much money the Saudis put in? Well he told me it was an excess of, you know, a million dollars. So there's no question in your mind whatsoever that whatever went into George W. Bush's companies from Jim Bath was money. 100% of the Saudi money and George W. Bush would have been aware of it. Absolutely. But that wasn't all. A few years later another oil company in which George W. Bush was involved needed cash. It got a reported $25 million. Again, thanks in part the Bush's old Houston neighbor Khalid Bin Mfus, a sum of Bin Laden's brother-in-law. And it wasn't only George Bush the son who benefited. The Bin Laden's did business with the Houston bank where George Bush senior was on the board. What time is it? This is the non-political part of this. And businessman Bill White says whether Bush senior knew it or not. The Bin Laden's were also generous with him when he ran for president in 1988 allegedly finding a way around the U.S. ban on foreign campaign contributions. I understand from Bath was that they were making campaign contributions by taking brief bases full of cash to the law firms. They would give the cash to the lawyers and each of the lawyers in turn would make a $1,000 campaign contribution to Bush. Which would presumably be against electoral law anyway? Well, that is against the law, but it's obviously covered by virtue of the attorneys making the contributions. And when George Bush senior became president, as with George W. more than a decade later, the Saudis occupied a special place at the White House. The Oval Office always opened to one man. Saudi Arabia's ambassador, Prince Bondar. He's got instant access. He calls him up says I'm coming over. He's got instant access to the CIA anybody who wants. He can summon people. He can call anybody up at home at any time, which most ambassadors in Washington cannot do. Robert Berser of the CIA for 21 years has been much of that time in the Middle East. What is the George W. Bush calls Bondar? Bondar Bush? Bondar Bush? It's fine. Bondar is a great ambassador. It's works great until you turn a blind eye until you believe everything Bondar says. Bear believes that Bondar's position is symptomatic of the blind self-interest on both sides. That's the Saudi American relationships fatal flaw. As you'll see when we come back, it's a lesson George W. Bush and his administration wouldn't learn until it was much too late. The Habs Saudi Arabia been acting as one might expect a true ally in friend to act. Could they have told the US all they needed to know about the real threat posed by the Iran army? They knew everything. There were source of findings that went to Dubai arms to buy bombs through their charities and those charities in Saudi Arabia are all controlled by the government to sound extent. That's a good day. Okay, 22 to once you didn't think I would play again, didn't you? I'm glad you did. Well, I did. And I'm playing it from CDC, from Tuesday night, from the fifth to state. 438 votes. I think we can change the pullout on you. Okay. Eric, I think we can put on there because now the bushyes are starting to load up on here for multiple times. There's no question. If Hillary Clinton ran for President, which Democrat would you prefer? Howard D. and 123. Hillary Clinton 103. Don't care on per bushy 58.13.1% and a mysterious like whole of Russia those. Or do you say Russia? Well, and they got to have something new because Russia's still in rehab. West Clark 52. Don't give a crap 42.42, Great Americans. Al Sharpen 40, John Kerry 13, Dennis Cassinins with that lovely hair 12. Carol mostly brought five to Kim Hart five. John Leigh were meant to five and John Edwards is still stuck with that little pair out of 140. So we'll change the apphole. Put the other one on there. You know we don't have a whole lot. That's okay. We haven't had any to hold much of them. You know, I heard that today's the name of the thing I heard that's fun. Because I've been forgetting to mention about for RAL, eight and a half auto parts. Now until two o'clock to staff knew 19 love notes they wrote seven and Margade. He's got our best anneal stuff. Our CDs and the more Howard David of Keychains. And he'll probably be there too. Jesus, that is not mold. Eddie Buck. And what is it? 80. 80 bucks. Well, there you go. That's something. I mean, this isn't one of our specific appearances. But he was a couple under bucks out there today. Anyway, he's been a wheel to win T-shirts and tickets to the nice Panther game against the Pittsburgh Penguins which are listed like Mario Mayplace. My and local year sports radio 560 series, UAM. The Bush, the Mow. The American, the American, the American. It was 1991. The Gulf War was over. American troops had defended Saudi oil fields against it on his hand. Now, the US could continue to enjoy the economic security which paired with all the Saudi oil. It was essentially the same deal George W. Bush himself made when he did business with the Bin Laden's in Houston. One side got a powerful partner, the other, oil and money, former CIA agent Robert Bear. He nine states, depends upon Saudi Arabia or its oil production. Saudi Arabia also recycles all the money it makes off oil in the United States. Put trillions of dollars in our banks. It pays for presidential libraries. Anything you can imagine. And the Clinton White House wasn't immune to Saudi Charm either. It was difficult not to give the benefit of the doubt to the biggest buyer of American military hardware with the deepest pockets in the stock market. Not to mention the world's largest oil reserves. Which is why after George Bush senior left off, it simply became a senior advisor to the powerful international investment firm, the Carl Albrou. He paid a number of visits on their behalf to his good friend, the Saudi oil family. And the Bin Laden. They soon became Carl Alcondes. Incredible. On September 11th, Bush and the head of the Bin Laden family would be at the same Carl Albroub meeting in Washington. Just a few miles from more a sum of Bin Laden's hijackers would attack the Pentagon. As the 90s unfolded, there was much the US administration didn't know about Bin Laden, who was about to become America's nightmare. Because he saw the presence of US troops on the Holy Sands of Saudi Arabia as a saccharine. O'San Bin Laden was an ally of the United States through the 80s. He was killing Soviet soldiers. That's what we wanted. Now what happened later on in the 90s is the Saudis who certainly had good intelligence on Bin Laden. We're not telling us that Bin Laden had chosen a new enemy, and that was the United States. And the Saudis left something else out, something that tried to hide to this day, that they kept paying a sum of Bin Laden after his war with the Soviets ended. And his terror campaign against the US began. The man was in cover the proof of that is Jean-Charles Bresar. He investigated al-Qaeda's finances for the French intelligence service well before 911. And he's been following the relationship between Bin Laden and Saudi Arabia, especially with his mentor, Prince Turkey ever since. He was out by a kingdom, and this support lasted for years. So Turkey, for instance, was the one who met regularly with Bin Laden in Afghanistan. Until the very best of the until the 1980s, I think the last time, for at least three or four times, who sent him checks for suitcases of money, trucks, all that suggests that he was clearly supported by the Saudi government itself. Presence says, though Bin Laden despised the royal family, he secretly agreed to set that a still at a side, in exchange for continuing financial support. In other words, protection money. The Saudis deny it ever happened. But according to investigator Jean-Charles Bresar, French intelligence reports confer that a meeting did indeed take place in Paris in 1996. As some have been Laden himself didn't come, but a senior representative did, also in attendance, Bin Laden's old mentor, Saudi Prince Turkey, have been Laden family member and a number of bankers. The result, the Saudis promised to keep paying Bin Laden as long as he promised to keep ignoring them. According to Bresar, one of the who came to this Paris hotel for that meeting was none other than Bin Laden's brother-in-law, Khalid Bin Mfuz, the same man who once financially supported George W. Bush, now negotiating payoffs to a Saudi Bin Laden. And support came from the Bin Laden family as well. They publicly proclaimed they had disowned the summit, but privately resorts themselves. They sent him a quick and money. The company that I started Bin Laden group is providing all the tools to a sub-album lotting to build a road or an airport in Sudan. Yes, they're fairly financial back years of a sub-album. So how much in all did the Saudis contribute to Al Qaeda? Estimates are that before 911, Bin Laden spent about 50 million US dollars a year. The vast majority of from Saudi Arabia. What exactly is that? That's one of the documents that were written for the Saudi Arabia. From Bosnia to Sudan and Afghanistan, the Saudi Arabia has discovered an outkied of paper trail that he says proves what the Saudis are still denying. This reads you to believe it's $2 million which originates where. It's stated that the provisionates from the head that's provided by Saudi Biblian. What are the millions in Saudi foreign aid diverted to Al Qaeda? Financial support for terrorist training camps in Afghanistan like this one. Camps run with money, funneled through a Saudi chair funded, managed and supervised by royal family members. They knew everything. They were the source of findings that went to two by arms to buy bombs through their charities. And those charities in Saudi Arabia are all controlled by government to some extent. Knowing the way he felt about the US, knowing he had declared war essentially on all of the Americans. Would they not also have known that by giving him money, they were funding ultimately tax against the US? Don't you think that the interests of Saudi Arabia, from its perspective, is more important than the US, to interest the US? That's what we experienced, that's what we've seen in the past. Not only to the Saudis not want to tell the Americans about their deal with the law, it seems the US didn't want to hear, despite the decades increasing terror attack against Americans abroad. 1995, a bomb in Saudi Arabia kills five US soldiers. 1996, 19 American servicemen die in another Saudi bombing. The US military's co-bar towers barracks. 1998, more than 200 parish when truck bombs devastate two US embassies in Africa. 2000, an explosion tears apart the US coal, 17 American sailors are killed. Though a son of him, laden, was obviously responsible for the majority of those deaths. US intelligence effectively ignored the place that was his recruitment hotbed. The US attitude remained here, see, and speak no evil. Even though there had been the bombings in 1995, 1996, 1998, 2000, all involving Saudis, no one asked for a national intelligence estimate, if Saudi Arabia is not a new terrorist state. Is it fair to say, financial and political interests, in one way or rather led to 911, Afghanistan and Iraq? Absolutely. Financial interests were predominant in Washington. They led to a turning blind eye to what was happening in Saudi Arabia and Afghanistan and contributed to 911. But it doesn't have to be a conspiracy. This is where people will nail you if you say it's a conspiracy. It's nice that it's a conspiracy as silence. We're just not going to talk about it. When we come back, what they still don't want to talk about, how American law enforcement might have discovered and disrupted the 911 attacks. The agent in San Diego testified to you that he believes if he had known he could have stopped the camera. People who he would have, I mean, he could know and can never say for sure we would have stopped it. But he believes he would have had a very good chance. Prop 53 at 560WQM. This thing is time and I pretty good, you know, we're going to have just great because the poll today, I mean, the second poll, they're just not all like crazy about it and I'm in these with enough like crazy about the poll, you might as well just, you know, jam it. I almost never republished in this is mad rudge at his time for the excuse being a plowty. It's time once again for the Neil Rogers. One to two. Power. minutes after the September 11th attacks on the World Trade Center in the Pentagon. The federal aviation administration ordered the grounding of all civilian air traffic in the U.S. Travelers were stranded across the country and around the world. 48 hours later, September 13, an update. Private flights were still prohibited to take off required government approval that the highest level. That morning, Prince Fandar, Saudi Arabia, visited the White House and later that, something unusual began to happen. Despite the blanket aviation band, several private planes, from Lear Jeps to a 747 were cleared to the part from various U.S. cities. On board were dozens of the Saudi elite almost every one of the law's Saudi oil. Meanwhile Elizabeth Alderman was desperate to find a way from Paris to New York. Where her son Peter was missing. It's a good lot in family, whoever was in the United States got safe passage home. And I couldn't get home to be with my children. Other families couldn't get to New York who lived far away to even begin to look for their children. At this point, we didn't know who was a liber who was dead. I couldn't get home and have been a lot in family who all were able to get home. To this day, the Bush administration has not even confirmed the existence of those flights the Saudi Arabia. Those Saudi diplomatic sources have been quoted as saying approval for them was granted at the highest level. But the Exodus the Saudi Arabia happened at all is one thing. But then there was the investigation that took place before the Saudis departed. It seems there was none. The biggest crime in American history orchestrated by a son of been lawden with funds from the bin Laden and Saudi royal families. Plain loads of home were given special dispensation to leave the U.S. almost immediately afterwards, essentially with no interviews to determine what they might know. No, they just got in the left. The FBI is not been allowed to put Saudis on a terrorism list up until September 11th. They were not allowed to ask these people any questions. The president of the United States, the next week George W. Bush finally threw down the gunflip on global terror. Or so, it seemed. Every nation, in every region, now has a decision to make. Either you're with us or you are with the terrorists. By then, the Bush administration knew that despite years of Saudi reassurance, 15 of the 19 hijackers had been Saudi nationals. So, in the terrible aftermath of September 11th, surely it was now time to track down those who provided money and support for 9-11, wherever they might be. Wrong again, according to former CIA insider Robert Fair, when George W. Bush says terrorists, those who harbor them, those who give support to them, are our enemies. That's obviously not true because everybody that finance September 11th is currently in Saudi Arabia and free. And it would sort of like a bin Laden that said, well, you know, it's just a coincidence my guys happened to run into your towers. Are we just going to leave him alone? In the past two years, the US has relentlessly prosecuted his war on terror, first invading Afghanistan, which unquestionably harbored in support of Al-Qaeda, then occupying Iraq, which had virtually nothing to do with the summer bin Laden. But despite all their widths are against as reddering, the US has given Saudi Arabia, which spawned the mastermind, the manpower, and the money for 9-11, a free pass. The CIA, for example, ignored intelligence about the hijackers, gathered by a number of foreign countries before and after September 11th. The fifth estate has obtained documents, like these phone records from German intelligence, showing calls made by key members of the 9-11 plot to Saudi Arabia, the Americans chose not to pursue. And nowhere was that attitude more obvious than in the report of a congressional investigation into the September 11th attacks. The community made mistakes prior to September 11th, and the Prophets. The hearings on Capitol Hill began several months after 9-11. They were to be the definitive inquiry into what happened and why, focusing on what US intelligence agencies knew or should have known. In June, Elner Hill was the committee's chief investigator. Guys, in the fall of 1998, the intelligence community received information concerning a bin Laden plot involving aircraft. From much anticipated report was more than 800 pages long, but since it was released this past summer, most of the attention has focused on 28 of those pages. One chapter that is almost completely redacted, ordered classified by the White House and blacked out to the public. And because of the classified, I can't tell you what's in those pages. I can tell you that the chapter deals with information that our committees found in FBI and CIA files that were very disturbing. It had to do with sources of foreign support for the hijackers or alleged sources of foreign support for the hijackers. Now, I know it has believed and has been reported that many of those 27 or 28 redacted pages deal with the Saudi relationship to the hijackers. But that's what the press is saying. I haven't said that. In fact, others familiar with those 28 blacked out pages confirm that much of the secret material, but foreign support for the 9, 11 hijackers does indeed deal with Saudi Arabia. What's more, some of the classified material also appears in unclassified areas of the report. In other words, if you know where to look, there's more than enough there to reveal exactly what it is, the Bush administration would prefer the public, doesn't know. So Eleanor Hill could tell us the story of a Saudi government employee based in California, a man named Omar al-Bayumay. According to the report, at least one, the FBI's best source in San Diego suggested Bayumay may be a Saudi intelligence officer. You can then say that Mr. Bayumay, according to the report, did certainly help and assist the hijackers at least two of them. Those two 9, 11 hijackers were collid on MADAR and no WAPAL HOSMAY. They were Saudis too, and reportedly the first of the 19 hijackers to enter the U.S. Guess who was there to meet them? Basically, Mr. Bayumay had significant contacts with MADAR and POSMAY in California. He put down the deposit for them on their apartment there. He threw a party for them. Help them enroll in the hospital. Help them enroll and he cast another individual to act as their translator, help them enroll in flight schools. Not only does the congressional report detail the Saudi support for those two hijackers, it also reveals how much American intelligence already knew about them by the time they got to San Diego. They'd been under surveillance at a high level al-Qaeda meeting abroad, where U.S. agents certainly suspected they were planning future terror attacks. The CIA knew their names, birth dates, passport numbers, then you one of them had a U.S. entry visa which likely meant that planned to travel there. But despite it all, the CIA somehow neglected to warn other U.S. agents he's about them, which meant that all MADAR and O'HOSMAY were able to enter the country without a problem, and settle in San Diego. Even amazingly renew their U.S. visas so they could stay legally until they played their part on September the 11th. Congressional investigator Eleanor Hill says it was perhaps the single most crucial intelligence failure before non-elements. I'm looking. Had the FBI been told that and been aware of that, back in January 2000, things may have been very different. We had the FBI agent from San Diego who handled that inform and testify in our close hearing that he believes that had he had that information from the CIA, he would have been able to stop this because he believes he would have had of what he called a full court press in terms of investigation on mid-Harrn Hossene while they were living in San Diego. But in fact, it was an intellectual August 2001. The pursuit Saudis of San Diego were finally put on the U.S. watch list. By then, it was tragically too late three weeks afterwards. They crashed American Airlines Flight 77 into the panicking. It was terrific. It was terrific. He really knew how to enjoy his life. And he made the people around him to enjoy their lives more. Elisabeth Alderman lost her son at the World Trade Center. Now, she's among 4,000 Americans and Canadians who filed a trillion dollar lawsuit against defendants that include Saudi charities, members of the Royal Family, and Bin Laden. The suit claims that by funding a Sama Bin Laden, they were just as responsible for the 911 tragedy as the hijackers. If this will cost the Saudis enough money, I think maybe they will think twice before they will sponsor terrorism again. I think that if we hadn't brought this lawsuit with the large number of people that are involved in the lawsuit, that it would have taken a very long time for the name of Saudi Arabia to even be mentioned by our government. Elisabeth Alderman's life has changed in many ways. For one, she says, she's never been as suspicious of her government as she is now. I'm not a conspiracy theorist, but I certainly can understand why people would believe it, because it doesn't make sense. An awful out of the way I look at life. The things have to make sense. I may not be knowledgeable in a particular area, but I know when things don't make sense. So, has all of this made any difference whatsoever in Washington? This past summer, U.S. senators held a hearing on the financial support of terrorism. They asked government officials to provide the names of the Saudi charities and individuals who have been investigated for funding al Qaeda. I know the chairman tried very hard and others had tried very hard to get this information, so let me try again. Are the names of those entities classified? The names classified that you have recommended for Elisabeth. It's a yes or no question. The names and sounds are not classed, and I think you ought to present them to us today. I don't have them with me. The senators were promised they'd get the names the next day. But overnight, the Bush administration classified them. That list with the names of the Saudis suspected of financing a summer been lost. Would not be made public after all. And individual that was affiliated with Collette conspiracy or called it the way of the world. But the long relationship between the Bush's The Bin Laden and the Saudi royal family is shaped the times in which we live before and after September 11th. For better, for worse and for whom you be the judge? Oh, but Neo, why did you play that thing again? That long pond resting, that's so boring. No, it's not. I didn't think it was. I think I could play it every day. What? Just as infuriating the second time around. That is right. As it goes on, it gets more and more and more and more. It's the climax there at the end when Carl Levin is asking for the names of the Saudis who financed down 11. Well, I'll get it for you. And then overnight, the Bush administration is specified now. Okay, back to you. You know how they have that big rubber stamp classified? Yeah. And they are stamped in. And a public is like that. Hey, don't forget for Rellys out for another hour at the Napa Auto parts. I have a big round opening. What do you say? They got whiny's out there? Free burgers and doggs. Free burgers and whiny's. Of course, he and my brother are so that's speaks for itself. Napa Auto parts, 1911 North State Road 7 and Marguer. You can also spin a QM wheel and win some of t-shirts and tickets, maybe did a nice panther penguin game with maybe a mario, maybe. So how much we got? 80 bucks? No new calls. No new calls. Come on, let's go. We got the question. What? My phone's all screwed up. Why is that? Oh, the inside phone here? It's been screwed up on and off for a because it's a QM. If in ways, that why is it? Okay, now let's get back to the second pull question because it's crawling. They don't like this question. And like I said, if they don't like your pull question, that's it. Although in a way, it worked out good because otherwise I wouldn't have played that thing again. I'm glad I did. If you had only one tape or DVD movie, like if you were stranded on the desert island, you could only watch the same one over and over again. What would it be? Godfather 15, the Godfather? You kind of had a feeling all over. It's a long way for me and over. Yeah. But you kind of had a feeling that the Godfather has got a chance to win the damn thing. But justice, we must go to the current reality. Caddy Shack 12, error play 9, history of the World Part 18, big Lebowski, the big Lewinsky. South Park the movie 7, a Clockwork Horn 6, Pink Floyd the Wall 3, Godfather 2 3, never Scott 3. That was my vote. Chris, I was seen about eight million times. Greece to straw dogs one and the summer one and the summer. Namaste our friend in the Redlands. Jim, I know Jim put that thing down. It's getting kind of raw. Great outdoors don't have it in until the end of the world don't have it in. Out of 79 votes. The new polls up there and I'm sure we're going to get thousands and billions of new additions this hour. Don't you think? No. Huh? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT and C and Verizon Wireless line. Anybody who heard that the CBC the first time on Tuesday when I played it and heard it again, I apologize. Don't I know? No. No, because probably out of here at 50 times in fact, I just happened to have taken the cassette out of my cassette player there and I'm just going to like pack it up in my sack. You know what I mean? Good. Just have it handy. Might be kind of like a regular feature on the show. I'll bet. From on the sector one at five sixty wq. I've got the mad dog at two the Humphrey at four. Now we've got a bunch of stuff we got. What have we got? Just the pants are game is at it. That's right. The pre game is at seven in the game at seven thirty from the macro. Any case out in Vegas doing a show after the Panther hockey game, any SPN radio overnight because it's cheap and that's your mark after works on the night to try to goose up the dottering old moman. If you're dottering an old or a few young and fat, then making difference how old you are, fat is not worth that. Believe me, I know from experience that when skinny people talk about fat, what the hell do they know? So what do you want of those atkins, diets or South Beach, God forbid or sugar about your busters or any other low carb diet? There's a great story you got to introduce yourself to. The lights are West BoCo. The lights has got over a thousand low carb products right there on a shelf. Not like when you go into supermarket and you can't find anything with some taste to it, you know? One of Vegas and breads in cheesecake's muffins, brownies, chocolates, pasta, sauces. I'm talking about low carbins for your free chips and dips, soups, ketchup, carbolite ice cream and lots more, including champion light drinks and five delicious flavors, walnut brownies by control carb, carbolite candy coated chocolate covered peanuts, apples, cinnamon, granola by carpetsets and crunchy pretzels by carpetsets, whatever you do, don't choke on them. And don't forget to delight you can sample anything in the store before you invite and all those atkins bread, products, Western peace, all the atkins products are on sale all day, every day, even on some of the store at the lights of West BoCo. They're open every day, seven days a week, 10 to 10 and you'll find the lights on the Northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to Boston Market. You can call them full free at 1-877-LOW-CARV that's with the W-LOW-W-C-A-R-B or on the web at lowcarb.com. For all you fat folks out there trying to lose that girth, it's the lights of West BoCo your official Atkins retail center. Place we know and aim on that of fella who's first name begins with old. There's one thing we all understand. How cater won't be finished until we blow up Pakistan. We could chase around forever with our tanks and all our troops, but special forces are so tired of jumping through the emboos. You'd probably need another plane. So let's cut out all the nonsense and we'll blow up Pakistan. How played and needs a nuclear tank. Why don't we stop for seafood and we'll blow up Pakistan. Well I hate these papers that make it to the whole song. Today's the one of the Charleston and his paper post through whatever it is. Oh yeah, those are fun. The post in career and Charleston.net. Here's the story I'm looking for. Please find out drugs that's strat for the higher whatever it was. And then you go to click it on and to print it out. Please pay off the fine drugs as refer on. And right away, please tell us a little it's the season's 1-2-3. And again about a whole bunch of questions. I'm going to call out your neighbor dressing shoe size and all kinds of crap. I don't have time for that. We got 220 pots. Yeah, I'm pleasantly surprised. That's not too bad for a band in Petruscue. Because this isn't really our thing. This is just like a piggyback, right? A piggyback. 120 bucks. Let's get it to my C1300 by 2 o'clock. Okay, go see you for real. Go see if he really talks like that in person. And yes, he does. And he's crazy in a bedbog and we love him. I like that. That's him. It's no act involved there, man. What you see is what you get. From now on to a clock, another 41 minutes to go out there. And like, maybe Miguel, let's you hold on to his thing. Napo Auto parts, 1911 North State Road 7 and Marguer. And we also got maybe some tickets you could win a nice Panther Penguin game. So is Mario playing Scott or what? That's that? No. I don't know. Maybe maybe not. Well, no, say no, because that means that he'll play. Oh no, absolutely not. So there's a good chance, Mario is going to play tonight because he's had that the hip flexor. And he said that he's going to escape this morning and see how it feels in hip too. So maybe old number 66 will be out there. I know number 69 will be there. But at any rate, soon you can no tickets tonight, skin, huh? Well, that's why you're in such a sour mood. Maybe it's a paycheck you got there. Look at that. And I'd be in a sour mood too. That what? So I hope that this is one of those stories because this does happen once in a while. What's it a great while? Like even on CNN, it's got all these hours to fill up with crap. They'll show an unbelievably outrageous story. And then you never see it again. What do I mean? Right. I hope they don't do that with that strapped for high and that other set of trails in South Kittwa. They better not even though it's in a real Yahoo place. Well, that's not the point. That is, oh, you mean like the US? Yeah. It's in a Yahoo place, the US. Man. Oh, there's El Presidente North Carolina, where is another median box for his reelection campaign? Okay. Let's get to more movies on this list before we get on here. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. Now this call in Parkland has been under for like eight hours. Hello. You know, yes, sir. First of all, movie, young time and time. Okay. Now in regard to the subject of the judicial, do you or the political situation in the United States, I found was best described recently by Lewis Black. We said the Democrats have no ideas and Republicans have bad ones. Right. That's very good. I like that. The proverbial squarehead. Mm-hmm. Also in regard to the idiot that called earlier and talked started talking about the economy being good and everything in the cutting-off city was chronic. Yeah. Please remind that school that the economy was good during the Vietnam War 2 when we only lost well, was a 58,000 of our troops. Yeah, it does. And butterman, remember that? No question about butter question about it. And the fact that this conspiracy does exist between the Bush family and the Saudi government is beyond the speed anymore. It's really a matter of how long it takes the American public to wake up. And you, Neil, are one of the great alarm clock. So please keep pounding on it and hopefully someday these morons. Oh, yeah. Listen, that's my goal. I'm going to change the world right here. I don't know if you'll change the world, but you have already changed. Yeah. I want to talk to dogs up. Okay. Thanks a lot, Pally. Take care. Who talked to dogs up? Remember that song, but I want to talk to dogs up? Hey, let's now do the best I can in our little corner of the world. And of course, you could make a difference because you'll be calling Florida. Where we have a lot of dumb people, including, you know, not just redness. We got some dumb old Jews too. Can't figure out how to vote. So they voted for Papu Cannon. Uh, yeah, we had a little bit of a problem in Florida. And that's what gave us this bunch of Nazis that enabled us to steal the election. And put all this over on us again with these red wing fascists. You must see, I'm telling you, I am begging you. Some of you people who really give a crap about these things. Put on a tape. Put on a six hour tape. And just put on CNN. I mean, you know, if you're not going to be watching TV, put our or start your table or whatever. And get CNN rolling, because I know they're going to show that story again. Sure. To see it is so eerie and so scary. I guess there's some people that don't think there's anything wrong with that kind of a thing. Is that so? Well, maybe that's a kind of country. They want to live in, but it sure is. How is no one that I want to live in. And quite frankly, don't live in that much anymore. And that's part of the reason for it. A lot of people don't believe kids have rights, you know. I see. So in other words, if it happened to be their kids who got basically all the way down to the floor and they didn't go step along. That's it. And the search and gun points for drugs. I guess they wouldn't be concerned about that. See if it was their kids then they might be seeing it a different tune. Just like if it's their kids who are going to be brought home in a casket in a coffin that we're never going to see from my rack, then maybe they're going to be start screaming loud and saying, hey, this is a bunch of crap. And I don't want my kids to be dying for nothing for a bunch of grave robbers for a bunch of lunatics for a bunch of crooks. For Beckett and Haliburna's empty American kids have to die for. Yeah, okay. And let me say it again. All of this airbie bit of it was decided whether you wanted to side of was 1992 or the P&A meeting in 1999. Before they stole the election by all the old chicken hogs from back in Reagan days, but of course Ronnie forgot. And we'll never find out about that unless you have show time if they were to side even show it. And also, and by the way, you do realize that they're showing on show time to Reagan mini-sters, but they're making changes. No, I didn't know that. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, we're not going to show the one that the producers want. Or that you be on the bad found. No, no, no. No. So, every time you turn on channel 4 and south floating to see tears coming from the CBSI, you'll understand why the eyes crying. 29 votes for the godfather. I didn't know no godfather. Did you? No, we were in the olive oil business. You know why I am? I'm more great. There's also the tape made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders. 29 for the godfather, 16 for Caddy Shack, airplane 14, airplanes just great. Big Lebowski 11, history to World Part 110, south park to movie 10, talk work orange seven, pink Floyd to wall five, four for Greece and never can godfather two. And I endless summer, Scott's three. Hey. Hi, love it. Three votes for endless summer. I think it's called endless summer, isn't it? That Bruce Brown. And by the way, speaking of Bruce Brown, the one who made all of those movies, you're gay. He has a wife, you know? And a son. A super-thun. So I don't know, maybe just keep it all in the family. It's a 26 past one. You know, I'll take it one thing for all wants and that's that man person dollar matters. Are we going to get that taken care of or not? High boy has the connections. He's always on vacation or something. Some person in vacation rub. He's sitting there eating like a pork fat right off the damn pig. And anyway, well get it done for you, Scott. Just relax. Okay. You stay on that cot for a long, a week or two. We'll get a thing, Carol. In fact, when I get down there, man, you're going to see some real changes. What else he's the brahman? Because I'm not pulling no punches this time. I am just a gun on load. What a bunch of do nothing, assholes, man. The word work is not a never-capular. Just like when you get that agency copy and I've got all the mistakes and everything in it. God forbid, we're looking at it and proof reading it and seeing if there's anything to make sense. Because that sounds a little bit too much like work. That's not the whole vocabulary of the QM cell to prominent. Writing orders as in glorified order, take her. That sounds good to them. 26 after one, hey, I'll tell you something sounds good for me. And that is good and a good night's sleep. How do you do it? Well, on the ways is having you a good mattress. A quality name, right? Matt for some dial-matters. The end of a mattress industry is loaded with all kinds of BS. All kinds of shell games and dial-matters is the reason that you ought to be sleeping great every night because you just make one easy call and avoid all of that. That's right. No phony promises. Just low unbeatable discount prices every day on the top mattresses in the world, including now, Stearns of Ananas Foster. And when you call 1-800 mattress, you still get that unbelievable delivery deal. Nobody can match it. You picked the day in time for delivery. And each of our window seven days a week when it's convenient for you eight in a morning to 10pm and believe me, they'll show up on you expect them. So you don't have to waste a whole day of your life praying that somebody shows up. I've been sleeping on a dial-matters for years. You ought to be doing the same and all the other people in the building are starting to catch on. You'll combine and George and even disgusting fat boy are sleeping on a mattress from dollar mattress on a sales practice. This is unbeatable service every day low prices same day delivery, free set up and removal what an unbeatable combination from dollar mattress. So please don't get sucked in by the so-called giants in the mattress industry or those expensive furniture stores. They're not in the same league with dollar mattress. Call them today. You'll be sleeping with a big smile on your post as soon as tonight. Call 1-800 mattress 1-800-MATTR-ES or online you'll find them at mattress.com. They're in the localZcCC-560 to raise all your, aaaand piauu 저희 camper. Why don't you prest-ed? I'm going to be a little bit more tired. I'm going to be a little bit more tired. I'm going to be a little bit more tired. I'm going to be a little bit more tired. I'm going to be a little bit more tired. I'm going to be a little bit more tired. I'm going to be a little bit more tired. I'm going to be a little bit more tired. I'm going to be a little bit more tired. I'm going to be a little bit more tired. I'm going to be a little bit more tired. I'm going to be a little bit more tired. I'm going to be a little bit more tired. I'm going to be a little bit more tired. I'm going to get some ammo s- Tuesday, we go shooting with his son, Wednesday day. Again, we got busted by the police. One last episode! I'm going to share my little somethin극 splat, or the first fruit I have. And we all will be happy to lead in the match. I'm going to put Magnolia on there, but they've got George upset. I really think Magnolia. I love Magnolia. I don't care what you say, but it's me. Well, thank you. Plus it's over three hours long, so it takes a lot of time. And Godfather, how about the trilogy? Sure. Yeah, let's do it. Finally printed this out. I said, of course, I made up my name now as shorts as my last name. But I'm not that. You know, one thing I learned the hard way, because I'm really dumb. And I'm one of those few who admitted, I'm stupid. Very slow on the uptake. You know, those pop up ad that was one day last week when my computer, which might my internet here is just fast as lightning. Okay, thank knock on wood. But one day last week, and he had to have a slow down. And I thought, I don't know, this is getting ponderous. I, you know, because I don't have the patience for it. No, no, no, especially if you're spoiled with a lightning fast connection. So one of those pop up ads came up on there, you know? And it would have a funny test that we're testing your computer in a red light. It only good like really it's poor and the speed up your computer. And it looks like like Eric has warned me, the more legitimate it looks, the more likely it is, it's a fraud. Right. Real fancy and glossy and multicolored and all the lights are flashing. And so I signed up for it. And actually I sent my credit card information and I'm buying the, and it's the first of all, you should be able to download it without going through a buying anything. Right. But in this case, then they're going to send you a backup disk and all of this in the early. You're addressing your shoe size and your credit card. And then I realized that and then they're going to email you back with instructions how to download it. Hmm. Did I ever get an email back? Of course that. No. So what I did was after I said and I looked at the wall and kind of played with my naval. I said, I think I just been had. So I called the my credit card company and cancel that card to send me a new one. Very good. No, but I mean, how long does it take me for way how many years? Not 30 minutes. Finally, why's up and realize that you have to be really cautious. Put in stuff on the internet. I mean, if you didn't, and then I find out, for example, at amazon.com, there's even a fake amazon.com. You know that? No, I did not. Yeah, there is. And I don't know how you want up getting linked to that, but there is one that's, uh, make believe that it's a real. Well, with an S, I don't know. I have no idea. It's spelled with a queue. So anyway, I did finally get this story down here that we saw on CN. Goose Creek, South Carolina. And I'm telling you, I don't care. What your politics are. I don't care. What your IQ is smaller than a breadbox. If you see this piece, if it doesn't, like, scared a crap out of you, you've got to be like, numb. You have to be totally numb. Just that you're a fat's where people can go see it. Goose Creek, South Carolina reports of drug deals. It's stratford high school lead to an early morning police raid this week. In which about 15 officers, cordoned off the main hallway to search for marijuana. Several drew their guns, but didn't use force police say. Oh, see, I, they're just searching for marijuana. Right. I thought they were searching for like maybe a little bit something stronger than a, like maybe a, maybe a drop rush is oxy cotton supply or a little white powder, something. Right. They're looking for a marijuana freaking, a whanah baby for the wacky weed. Several drew their guns, but didn't use force police. Set officials didn't arrest anybody during the lockdown at 6.41s. Day morning. A police dog sniffed residue on 12 bookbags, but found no drugs said lieutenant Dave Aaron's of the Goose Creek Police Department. The Goose Creek Police. Goose step police. Several officers did a posted their weapons in a tactic. A law enforcement approach. He said there was no force whatsoever. Everyone was very compliant. A lot of time with they said, I'm CNN. Right. They said some of the students who didn't want to like go a ghost step and write on down against the wall got handcuffed. Official charge and I created ones they have known with finding a false police report. The juvenile said an officer shoved her to the ground during the search. Aaron said, Principal George McClacken. He said, I love it. And his brother, Phil, is brother Jimmy Crack-Corn. Principal George McClacken said he had the school officials in the girls' parents reviewed video surveillance tapes. And after reviewing the video, they videotape determined she wasn't even in a hall at the time. So you see? Yeah. Cracken went to Aaron's home and they were suspicious about marijuana exchanges at the school based on camera recordings and reports from students and teachers. Within the last three weeks there's been an influx of drug activity. And I've never seen the amount of activity we experienced recently said McClacken who's been principal at the school since it opened in 1983. Several weeks ago a student was arrested trying to pass out between 200 and 200 prescription pills. He said, after school ended Friday, one student threatened another and claimed to have a weapon. We're not going to tolerate it McClacken said we have to ensure the health and safety of our students and staff. Aaron said he watched school surveillance tapes from four days that showed students congregating under cameras periodically walking into a bathroom with different students and coming out moments later. Well, maybe they're having a good time in there. Never heard? The suspected group of about ten students come to school in early buses, take sure a network of lookouts Aaron's in the crack and said they're pretty knowledgeable in terms of where to stand. They know where the cameras are. If they stand directly under them, the cameras don't look directly down. Faculty can see the students from other cameras, but for a quite a distance away they see silhouettes. Police told the students, a hundred and seven, by the way, they happen to be in the hallway during the big raid. Police told the students to sit on the floor and put their hands out. Officers searched only book bags that the police don't respond to, not students. McClacken said he believes they'll look out, alerted the group Wednesday morning by cell phone after seeing after seeing the police arrive. Later in the day, two other students who found McClacken during lunch were charged with disturbing school. Oh my god, I can't stand it. I can't handle it. There's drugs going on maybe in that school. So let's bring on a Gestapo. Yeah, that looks a bit more dangerous than pot. What's that? Oh. You better watch it. Now can I have a pot to kiss in man? Mighty Python, the holy grail, or somebody says, Thank you, uh, Keats, KELTS Keats. Also, here's somebody who's in sales. I'm going to come in to play with him and Boiton Beach. He says, how about Glenn Gary Glenn Ross? Okay. Yeah, this boy guy can probably watch it all day. I don't know why more people are in there. Glenn Gary Glenn Ross. That's a tough job. A nominal acting. Just unbelievably good. 560, 50560 on the AT&T, AT&T. Here's cool springs, hello. Neil, yes sir. Dr. Strange Love. Okay. Also, you mentioned an article before about that. No good lying bitch and cold. Yeah. Who was it that wrote it? And what newspaper was his name? David Corn, it's in the nation. David Corn, KORN, C, C, just like KORN. Yep. Yep. Yep. He should only joke on a piece of corn. Exactly. Thank you. See you. Yeah, she's a gag on it. In fact, she's probably picking some corn out of a rough stuff right now. You can catch my dick because she's your fuller. Oh, my God. Oh, we're supposed to be in 560. You, A, M. Don't have a penis. I've never had one. I swear. Congratulations. Get a life. Oh, yeah. Right. I was gay for you. I'm still on the charts. Still having gifts. And I'm still making money, baby. I'm still leaving. I'm still leaving. I'm still leaving. I'm still leaving. I'm still leaving. I'm still leaving. I'm still leaving. I'm still leaving. Just as far as my eyes go deep. You're the wind's fire. Longing for a glass. Longing for a glass. Longing for a glass. The pain my soul never ends. Yes, that ain't weird. I don't know what is. If I weren't dead. I'd be in the rim. Going to toes, I'd be as good for business. Being in the platform, but I'm new in 560. I'm still in 560. I'm still having gifts. I'm still having gifts. I wasn't aware of that. Good. Excellent. I'm pleased to see it. I'm still having gifts. I'm still having gifts. I'm still having gifts. I'm still having gifts. Finally, I'm here to help. You ready for that? Our website needs a makeover? Our website is Fing Out Standing. You don't think so? That's how we got some help on the website. We're going to have to do that. I'm not sure if you've heard about it. I'm not sure if you've heard about it. I'm not sure if you've heard about it. I'm not sure if you've heard about it. I'm not sure if you've heard about it. I'm not sure if you've heard about it. That's a good poll. What's the best thing we ever had on our website? We've been digging for 230 days, 13 hours, 47 minutes, 24 seconds. You can watch the clock and see if you can see anything. There's the WIster. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. I don't think he's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company. He's a big company.