By the you questing Why don't you go back to Canada to you, bachelor Can others Our whole man be the friend Oh, I've got to see Will no kiss on your hand Are we close, shall we rise Then she fly or fly The evening can't go to see It's a meagled drug according to the moon A little by the sea Oh, what? God made the thrill Glory and spring Oh, Canada, please, let's go to me Oh, Canada, let's be as we're storm To me Our charge rejected in potential landmark case How do you like that? But we'll get to that in a minute because I'm in a state of shock I've caught me off guard and you catch you off balance Did you see my head stood on my god? Yeah, that sums it up exactly right there I don't know whether to scream or eat a banana And I was it because it's the new year You think he'd turn over new fig leaf I don't know, they don't know man It was not a mistake I heard it very loud and bombastically and articulately And whatever That was shocking I'm serious, and very rarely I might have lost for words But I don't know whether the scream or eat a banana Or go out there and grab him before he gets to the parking lot And give him a big hug and a kiss for new years Oh, and I didn't bring my camera Kiss him on the bald spot It's a Monday, I'll bring those covers a lot of territory We'd have to get the mouse off of their first but never less No, it comes in handy because it only covers the bald spot But then it also operates your computer screen While nobody's looking You know, we save the mess rat It's on Louise Oh, I like that Maybe Monday morning I'll go in there with my Monday finest on And I must write on my head I'm not going to do that I'm not going to do that I'm not interacting Although at that point Maybe because it's the new year Maybe this old man with the vericose veins And they drippy bag Maybe this guy has like re-examine his entire How about those panthers by the way Since we just had three hours of football talk This town I mean are you people ever go to I know live and bother finishing the question God damn it Football, football Hey, I hate to write the news to you You've got your fiesta ball tonight Miami will kick the crap out of a girls team tonight again Which everybody knows By the way, nice game Iowa last night Remember I told you how good they were At any rate And then of course you got your playoffs in a super bowl After that, what are they going to talk about? Panthers are two points out of first place near division Kick Colorado's ass right there in Denver Forty-one last night three quick goals there in a first period Two points out of first place back to back wins in Jersey And then a quick trip to Colorado and they still kick their ass And nobody is talking about on this radio station The so is and the game is on waxy last night Didn't I pitch about that yesterday? What did I tell you? What did I tell you? You bet your sweet ass I told you A disgrace A disgrace to the human effemn race man This radio station puts on a orange ball USC and Iowa do you know how many people missed Don't give a rat to ask about Iowa and USC? Who? None, it's exactly Iowa What the are the Iowa? The Hawkeyes? Is that what they are? And the Trojans You don't need no Trojans in this town I guarantee that that's only for people looking to get laid Oh that's right We don't want no Trojans We want like What is it? It's the right App's the right App's the right App's the right App's the right App's the right App's the right App's the right App's the right App's the right App's the right App's the right App's the right App's the right App's the right App's the right App's the right App's the wrong way App's still right App's the right App's the right App's the right App's the right App's the- App's the right App's the right App's the right App's the right App's the right App & assume you're proven at the second at the cat house. Well, I'm in Arizona. Arizona all the great grandparents of the people in Florida they moved Arizona to Sun City. But a horrible play, everybody Arizona? Uh, don't. We walked across the Hoover Dam. No, that's that don't count. 774 votes on the Port yesterday. What's your new year's resolution this year? And the leading far in a way, the leading category in the pull was. New year's resolutions are for asshole. Oh, good. 4151.8% said that. Lose weight 132 have a lot more 627 that are should think the two of those kind of like are connected? Are you fat farts out there? Are you disgusting big tubs of crap? Would that wants to have sex with you, huh? It could be nice and slim like me then you might get laid once in a while. Lose weight 132 have a lot more 627. George would have voted for that, but he already gave up. Don't take any crap 72 quit boozing. 27 and quit smoking 15. And like I said, we really blew it because I should have said quit smoking what? No, we should have made a punk quit smoking faggot, it's a quit smoking the way we could weed. Or crack. Hash? Please. With corn beef? Pock charge rejected in potential landmark case. Simple possession of small amounts of marijuana may soon be legal in Canada. Following a decision by a judge in Windsor on Carrier to throw up possession charges against a 16 year old boy. You don't what they do with a 16 year old boy they find with pot in America? Fry his ass. No trial. No questions asked. They fry his ass. Or they turn them over to father-of-road tool just in time I guess 16's a little bit too old. Just as Douglas Phillips threw out a charge after defencilar Brian McAllister argued Ottawa had yet to address the question of simple possession stemming from a landmark case two years ago. My interpretation and law and it's been accepted by the judges there's no law and Ontario, Prohibiting possession marijuana McAllister in an interview A. A spokesman for the federal justice department said the ruling will be studied in decision whether to appeal or take some other action will likely be made within 10 days. The ruling could spell the end of provision on possession of less than 30 grams of marijuana, but McAllister said anyone possessing drug could still be charged. Now how much is 30 grams since you're the expert? Let me make it my metric. No, no, I mean how much is that? We don't do grams almost in us. Somebody else. Ugh. Almost an ounce. More than an ounce. How do you like that? More than an ounce. Holy crap. You've got a 16 year old kid with an ounce of pot in this country and they're going to like slices head off right in the spot. No questions asked. They'll turn them over to freaking O.J. Speaking of the axmeister, we got the great O.J. Stericum them. Hey O.J. you're a scumbag. We know it listens to this show by the way. We hate you like poison you're a scumbag. You're going to be on our pool again today. We take great pleasure in putting your ass on our pool. We give you some pretty heavy competition today. I don't police will stop charging people for the moment McAllister said, but from what I understand there's a number of other judges of an awaiting for the student and a bit holding off hearing other cases that involve the same issue, so it's potentially persuasive on those courts. Federal Justice Minister Martin Koshan is said he would like to decriminalize marijuana however CTV's Mike Duffy said just as a department of officials in Ottawa considered Thursday's decision a bit of a step too soon. Ever seen Mike Duffy, big fat turd burger like an old, he's an old-futty-duffy Duffy is what he is. I'm sorry, Duffy. Duffy also said that it comes to marijuana related cases. There's no equal provision or application of the law. The case of the Windsor area, T-New can't be named because he's a minor turned on a two year old decision in which the Ontario Court of Appeal side of an epileptic marijuana user. Terry Parker argued the law violated the rights of sick people using biomedical reasons. The court gave the federal government a year to amend its marijuana legislation. It did not. Instead, it enacted the marijuana medical access regulations intended to allow marijuana use for medical reasons under certain circumstances. How do you like that? So, like an air-free aspect of it, they continue being light years ahead of the USA with a DEA and all this other bullcraft, all these idiots just... Wasting off with your taxpayer dollars and throwing your ass in jail. Over the wacky weed, which by the way nobody dies from the wacky weed. They die from cigarettes, our cigarettes illegal, they die from booze, his booze illegal? No. No. How do you like that? Just a little over notes. No, it's a little over nons. How do you like them apples, huh? Here's our pool today. And we're breaking in the new year. I'm still, I'm like... Like... Clammy, I feel like clammy, you know? You know what I mean? My skin is crawling. From what happened just our change over there where we'd usually draw the line at nine. Just when you thought he had what his prize is. Rorn, I would have sworn I heard old moe. Say, Neil Rogers is next, then Jim managed it. But the whole scheduler just like it says on the sheet here front of me. A Catholic and a Gulf Stream at three. That's how you're getting pd-lany by the way. Don't try to hoard their show anymore, you idiot. And don't ask me what flavors I want either, Jackass. I'll tell you what flavor I'd like, and you ain't got it. Hurricane game day, we got like lots of pre-game festivities in four place starting at five. The festival from where we're gonna play in 10p. The Hurcunes in Ohio State, the Buckeyes. And Neil, what they say out there, buck the Buckeyes. Or so they're gonna have like a lot of Buckeyes fans is what I'm hearing. There are Hurcunes, you're gonna be outnumbered. But I won't make any difference. I say final scores like about 41 17 for Miami. And that asshole that called me yesterday, or you're gonna be watching the game I said probably. Oh, I didn't know your, when you become a Hurcane fan. I also watched the Notre Dame game the other day, a New Year's Day, am I a Notre Dame fan? No, I watched it because I got sexual assignment every time North Carolina state made another big game. For you when a score, it was like a score score. I can control right my pants. I mean, I mean, because I'm watching again, see, I will say this. If I'm gonna watch any kind of a sporting event, even if I'm out of fan of the team, I either have to be rooting hard for one team to win or, as in the Notre Dame case, because who gives a crap on North Carolina State? I'll tell you that quarterback for North Carolina State's good. What else is name? I have no idea, I'm asking Carlos because George, you don't want to tell us. Now, what's serious, he's good. A big stud, kind of a Yahoo, that's because he's from North Carolina. But so you have to be either rooting for somebody to win or somebody to lose. So just because I said I would watch the game tonight, does that mean I'm a hurricane fan? Of course not, you silly person, but let me ask you this. Now that the, a Panthers are only two points out of first place. Aren't we blessed here in South Florida? Huh? Triple blessed. Triple blessed. To be here in South Florida. You got the heat? You got the Panthers and you got the Huracoons. Forget about the dolphins, there are a bunch of choke artists. Nobody cares about them. Would that silly ass Dartmouth, you quarterback? They got nobody cares about them. Yeah. Yeah, I'm not gonna, if I ever develop a product, Jay, I'm not gonna have you with the spokesman. I'll tell you that right now because it's not a good sign. Maybe the high sign, but not a good sign. Yeah. Ha ha ha. And I'll be picking on Jay, okay. He did his best. It wasn't his fault. He didn't call those plays there. That was North Turner. That they're all, you know, it's on the station. They're all I covered up for him. Did you see man, it's just that he looked like a beaten man. I have never seen him look so bad. Last time when I was here in November, he was all chipper and all upbeat course at that time that often's working can ask, you know. But man, he looked yesterday like he had aged about 50 years. And he, he before he walked out of, he actually said to me, I'm not making this up, he said, why do you think they did it? In other words, why did they choke? He's asking me. And I'm telling him it's North Turner. And like, you know, don't kill any of the cloth. Don't run Ricky God for bid there in that last drive because that might win a game. They have a death wish. It's like Charles Bronson all over again. They got a goddamn death wish to dolphins. And of course the people who follow them. Here's our pull question today. I'm a little bit, I may have to change this after that nine o'clock. Huh? Wouldn't that be the Gentile Gentile thing to do? Yeah, but am I going to change it? No, no. Well, I'm not going to stop having fun on this show just because Mo is making nice now. I mean, I, I almost feel like I probably should have gone and stood in the window there and I'm not going to be able to get a little bit. I'm going to be able to get a little bit. Get him a salute and say happy New Year. You silly old you guys. I'm going to say people vain so you could go out and bond. Here's the apple question. And you notice like, I'm, I guess I'll take some breaks whenever I feel like. Whatever the mood strikes me. Because we got a couple of sales holes right in a round of building. But other than that, and we got tough of course, who's here like, putting in an appearance. But other than that, there's nobody here. Just the way we like it. Poor we could have such a great time here. Every goddamn day. If it was like this every day. No pain in the ass upper level management. No Greg read with his bald spot. No, um, Todd Drek. Speaking of useless creatures. People wasting oxygen. Hey Todd, how's the Colgan man do when you jack ass? You little twerp. You scumbag? Here's the pole. In fact, we probably should have put him on her too. But who is the most despicable figure of the past of two years? Don't you think that's a pleasant way to start off the New Year? I like it. It's typical. It's the kind of stuff. Look, I'm back in town. I understand. I got the vibes again. I nearly got wiped out in a road twice yesterday. By assholes. I'm up there at the corner of. 441. And County Line Road. And I'm making my left turn yesterday. Go and home to go to the turn pack. And this asshole. I don't want to say what dealership was from. But I might. If I get pissed off enough. In a big truck. You know, one of those dealer trucks. He's in the left hand lane. And I'm in the other turn lane. There's two turn left turn lanes there side by each. And as we're making the turn. And I'm to his right. And I have some idea how to steer my Corvette around the corner. You know, I've done a couple of times just follow the rules. And he's like turning that big ass trucker. And if I wouldn't have been paying any attention to like side swipe me right there. And I got everything into your lane drifting. Drifting in my freaking lane. You jack ass. Welcome home. And because it's one of the sponsors on this radio station. I won't tell you what dealership was from. But I should take it down the guy named plate number. And turn his old man. It was some old. Cracker. Nasty old cracker pay no attention. Don't you hate people like wide turns. And what? For example, women do that a lot. They'll come to a place where they want to make a right hand turn like into a driveway. And they'll swing to the left. And then they swing around to the right. Well, what is that accomplished? What does that accomplish? Swing to the goddamn left. You stupid bitch. It accomplishes pissing you off. And accomplishes conveying to me if we didn't already notice it. They don't know how to drive. They have no business being on the road. Let's talk left hand turns. Oh, forget about that. Anyway, here's our pool. I'll get to it. Don't start getting pushy. Okay. I'm having a great time these last two days. By the way, thanks again, Moses. And quit with those steroids. You idiot. Are we not supposed to mention that on the other? No, I don't care. That's bad. Here is it. Seriously. What is wrong with people? It's just if I look like him. If I was his age again, it looked just like he looked before. And I see your laughing. Do you have any idea how busy I'd be all the time? I wouldn't have time to be here to do this show. I'd be busy. No. And so that wasn't good enough for him. So now he's picking steroids. And he's all bucked up. His arms look. He looks like he's going to be one of those muscle bound freaks. And what bothered me the most was the neck. He looks like no neck Williams. And we're him. Who? Facebook player from the world. And only lighter can lighter conflicted. No, he's using people with no neck to jar head. Yeah, exactly like a junk head. You idiot. What's wrong with you Moses? Thanks for the Tylenol or whatever that was the echo trend. Whatever the hell he brought in here. The two and all. But God, stop. Stop destroying yourself. You silly person you. I'm going to turn him into daddy. You imagine what his father's going to do to him when he finds out he's been doing steroids and bulk it all up and look like that. I'm going to kick the crap out of that kid. Probably put a hit on him. Here's our poll today. Who's the most despicable figure at all and I'll tell you another guy that I've a good guy though. Good guy. Bulked up and that not both have with steroids with food. Our good friend Bob. Oh, so we were telling me about that. I saw Bob so far on channel for news last night doing the weather. He stood in front of the Florida map and covered it up. Covered up the Bob we love you. But we'd like to have you around for a while. You know, Bob and Susan so far are two dear friends of ours. Remember Bob called to show you a couple of months ago when last time I was in town. Love Bob so far. And Bob we were always been a friend. I mean Bob we were our good friend Bob he's got he can't help himself. He's you know, 100 years old. That's just the way it happens to the best of us. But Bob soper. Come on Bob. Good. Gally Miss Molly New Year's resolution time. Hop on a bet. Let's use Bob soper for balance for license. We can't use fat boy. I told Troy Stratford if he's going to insist on using fat boy. Count me out. No chance. He's disgusting. He really is Jeff high is disgusting. I want to go and record right now. Same that. I mean I'm fat. Not in the same league. Not on the door. Not even in the same category of human species. Here's the poll again or should we do the break first. Here's the poll. Who's the most despicable figure of the past 50 years. I'm teaching now how to milk it baby. Well it would be 1130 before you know it. Oh I got it. And I would even said hello. Well I got it. I got it. I got out because for crying out loud after that shot there. What? Me? Me? And he didn't even see my nice new shirt either. Look another door. I'm going to throw and do even tough complimenting me on my shirt. I mean this is not like a real hot shirt. But a big on green but it's nice. For an old fart like me. Nice button. All round free in York. It's got nice button down cars. Or it fits just perfect. No wrinkles. No dingo bear. No. Brand new. Just took the lamp in. It's not a matter of fact this morning. Who's the most despicable figure of the past. I got to take his name out of there. You know he just he actually he made an effort. You know I know I've given him so many chances but it almost makes you feel like just this one time. You know like Michael said in the end of the godfather. Just this one time K. You know. Do you hear that? Poorly old the mayor of Little Havana. The columnist morning and it didn't demand. But of course you know you sports guys. You such a bunch of asslookers all you macho guys. You such butt suckers. Requested that he apologized for picking even though it was in fun. Pickin' a Patriots to beat the offense and he wouldn't do it. He wouldn't give me apology. You're a bunch of asslookers man. You just don't have any balls. You're supposed to beat a macho guys. Who said around Rick it a lot of beer watching football. And let me say it again football's the faggyest sport that was ever invented. So you only sport the other than those britsports and they're all a bunch of pansies anyway. You know what they what what's they want. What they all they're all in the big huddle as squash. What is that rugby rugby yeah. What they all get around in the big mud pile and scrabby toe this part. You know, they can find any. But other than that next to that football is the faggyest sport. It's the only sport. I mean there's contact and hockey but guys are banging a crap out of each other. Okay. They're sparing each other. They're spurting blood all over the place. Body parts are flying off. But football are just gravity toe. They're preferably around a crotch. Cause you know when you grab some guy around a crotch he has a tendency kind of like Week in immediately and fall down. Yeah. Yeah. That's no amateur. I guess we got to do the break before the pool. 21 past nine a Q.A.M. The reels on your. You. I. You. Can be lots of. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. I. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. to start reading the names like generic, not mad dog, gym manager, head camp on a Gulf team of three and then the rest, then at all at her kunstah, for hours and hour, I'm just a poll that thing about the Panther game being formed out to YC and I forgot what Muff was in here brief this morning since everybody here is in such a good mood, I don't want to like, it's not his decision, I'm sure. It's an upper level management decision, and of course Greg, you know, he'll, uh, who makes some lame excuse for it. Like who cares about hockey anyway? Oh yeah, like somebody else we know would say. So here's the poll, who's the most despicable figure the past 50 years here, your choices, there could have been a lot more like like I said Todd Dreck belongs on there. Oh, some have been laden, Son of a saying, O.J. Simpson, wait till we get to that O.J. story might as person extra votes for him. I only hope so O.J. you scumbag. Richard Nixon, Mohour David, George W. Bush and Joseph Stalin, and I think we finally found a poll and won't even compete in, because we already got 30 or seven votes. Did you hear that? Completing. I don't think I can pop my thing again. Can you pop it? O. Sama and O.J. are ready tied with 11. I voted for you, O.J. Okay. You make O.Sama look like a goddamn sunny school preacher. I'll look out for them. O.Sama and O.J. 11, George W. Bush has four just changed again. Look at that now that they 40 votes. So Sama's got 12 O.J. 11, and took. Stalin's six George W. Bush four, Nixon three, Mohour's only got a pair and Sodom was saying his tied with Mo with a small pair. We're going to find probably get some input from the audience on what just happened here at 9 o'clock this morning when Mo actually said, Neal Rogers coming up next. And then I just, I may have to stop the show right now and just sit on the floor and kind of play my naval for at least 45 minutes to try to understand it's got to be like you said. I think you got your thumb on it. A secret New Year's resolution. Maybe like to join a human race. I think that might be getting a little bit too far. Maybe maybe next year. But like to become a little bit more human to become more part of the operation here to become one of us. You know, as opposed to one of whatever he was before, which we don't want to speculate of those. But to be one of those and now one of us as opposed to so perfect, you know, I mean, he used to be so professional and so righteous and so perfect. But now as it causes you realize as it took him all these months to figure it out, he's here with the rest of his slabs. Because I got news for it. I was thinking about this yesterday when I left this building. 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. we got it. Okay. Yours truly the mad dog and the Humper. We got it. We got the same attitude. Just give us the money. That's all. Give us the money. We're here to have a good time. Do a little entertainment and then not change the freaking world. And that's it. That's the attitude. Believe me when I tell you from 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. Nothing. I want to speak for anybody else, but trust me when I tell you. Now maybe he's jumped on that bandwagon. Maybe he was only and you notice I kind of let him off easy on it. Take him to papia. It's the thing yesterday because I wasn't here. And that would be like piling on. I don't want to be like Joe Rose. I don't want to be a heart ass like Joe Rose and take these things to the series. It's just a football game, Joe. Just because you took all those showers with a bunch of naked guys. We're not going to hold that against it. And the audience doesn't realize it in the QAM shower. Greg reads office that when we had the first team. In fact, that's probably what was so expensive to run at show is the head of I'll let soap. And Joe kept dropping it. They used to take showers together at 545 before that show every morning didn't help. I heard they used funny phone. I told Kelly clean up your act and he was in it with defo and Joe every morning trying to do it. And Joe kept dropping a soap. So don't be picking on our good friend, Mo Joe. Yeah, I think somebody stole his Mo Joe, you know, just like Austin Powers. Oh, and I saw that movie on the plane coming back from Amsterdam to Toronto. Yeah, I saw that movie. You know, if that ball had its parts, you're keeping coming in. He were going to start getting upset about that. What the hell does he want? Now, Troy Stratford. Too much football. I already got it. Everybody fashed it to me. Go away. I got it. Go get your free spaghetti dinner Monday. Okay. Don't rip Troy. He cares. Don't break. I like Troy. Troy's one of my favorite people in the whole building. I'm, until I saw my screw in out there in the bench. You have to come pick up that chick. I saw Troy Stratford sitting out there, conserting with screw in. And I thought, oh, please don't tell me he's the next Roy. Oh, she benched him. Yeah. Yeah. She punched it. What a piece of it. Well, she's something. And by the way, hey, to break the news, he is screw in. Hank ain't here today. She wasn't sitting who are skeleton sales department. We got here now. That isn't on holiday. That Hank is going to be here today. He's not here today. He's on vacation dummy. Okay. You idiot. God is she something. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a AT&T and Verizon line. Before we get any calls before we do the OJ story. Roy's apple gate is dead. Aren't you upset about that? I have no idea who that is. Well, here's the old bit. Roy was big on his celebrity old bits. And this isn't somebody like a broker Brian person that was on like 60 years ago, like William Bendix. Television and film actor Roy's apple gate who appeared in such movies as splash and the rookie. A splash wasn't that with the Tom Hanks? Yes, Darrell Hatter. Yeah. You see, I actually like Tom Hanks then. Because that's his level. You're going to do that. Right. That's where he belongs. Not being serious, not being like saving a world, not the life is a box of chocolate. I mean, Tom Hanks makes me gag. I can't. Oh, I heard the guy that there was the one other call I heard too. Talk about the fact that some movie that you wouldn't see because somebody was in it and then he was taking a little shot at me. Maybe not a shot, but just the leon thing, the games. Oh, yeah. I agree with you. I wouldn't go to see a movie that Leo was in if you paid me by the second. That I tried. He makes my skin crawl and contrary to what you guys were saying. I saw a Pulp function. Yeah. I wasn't that I didn't go see it because John Travolder was in it. I hated it because it was a crappy movie with gratuitous violence and a piece of garbage and a lot of stupid lines over and over again. And I do know they put mayonnaise on the fries and Amsterdam and nobody gives a crap. Okay. Who cares? How did he end? Didn't I also tell you that while I was in Toronto on one of my 85,000 movie channels, I saw some movie with John Travolder that I like where he didn't. He didn't play the usual welcome back. Connor, no, I also saw Saturday night live. I didn't walk out of it because he was in it. That was on again last night. That was a fun movie. Yeah. And out to speak in a part. Oh my god, look at that haircut. You know, for a guy, seriously, God, that's got his money and his wife's money and a beastly's money. Everybody else's money. Can't you get yourself a nice haircut, seriously? You got a nice suit on a beautiful tie, happy new year to your Greg. But your hair looks like you just walked through a week later next week. Oh, that do something with it. Please. Cause next time what you like my new shirt. Thank you very much. I'm pleased. And did you hear the spawning at nine o'clock? Did you hear the big news that happened? What was that? What is that? Do you have any idea what that was? No, he has not been doing that. Just because I haven't been here. You're not full on this old Faggot. Okay. Don't give me that. He's been doing that for a while. Neil Rogers, not not ginger Rogers, not one of the Neil Rogers. Like it's the new year. He's turned over a new fig leaf just because he picked the paper. It's I think he's taking a lot of crap for that. And, you know, like I said, far me for me to pile on. Although I'd like to. But that was I think way, I think we've turned the corner Greg. I think this is it. Welcome back. Thanks so much and happy new year to get out of my door when go get a haircut. I'm serious. You're supposed to be like a big shot. You're the general manager of all these. Oh, and you know what? He just put his head down forward. Like, look at the size of that ball spot. Oh, wow. I think Mo is responsible for that. I thought that muffler's the only one having problems. Look at all his hair is phoned out. Did you have you ever noticed that before? He was always picking up there. Like he had a hole in the head, which we knew before. But now he's got a ball spot the size of Vermont. It's erosion. Holy crap. So there was our good post personal friend Greg Reed who said, Yeah, to George. Did he ever say nice job? Only was when he just came in there first time. How come he's not out in Arizona with the Hurcunes? Do you know, every probably can afford it, everybody else is somebody's got to stay here. That's probably why my talent check didn't show up on time because they had a cover the expensive confr all these assholes out there in Tempe, Arizona. It's just like when on young kipper comes here, we all ago and become Jewish. It's the same thing that our all big hurricane boosters now. They boosted our money. Tell a vision and film actor Royce ever. Let's see splash and rookie. Now what was the other movie I was talking about? Whatever John provol to be in something you said Leo. Yeah. Leo is nauseating. Yeah. Leo is grotesque. Can't stand a look. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if he and the aliens have something in common. I think they they end Clark can't. They all know where the ship is hidden. I'm telling you. And let me ask you one other thing too. See how I haven't been here for a while. So excuse me if I like don't like do things in that show. I got to catch up on stuff. Now this business of reruns. How long does this go on? Oh, it's the new thing though. What do you mean by that? So in other words, the season runs from October, 2 December. I like as as good of a scam as I got on this place. I like to have a deal like that. Yeah, four episodes of the season. No. Yeah. I'll just work October through like a Christmas time up till Christmas and then we'll play the best in the year. And still good paid all of you. That's a good deal. When the hell is I saw smallville again. It was the one I've seen the same ones 85 times that I'm not watching them. Well, they run reruns for the holidays, but nevertheless, the seasons are shorter. They're making well, when is the new season start? I mean, when is the extension of when is a new episode come on? I don't know. I don't know. Look up. How are you going to look it up? Oh, on the internet. Excuse me. Sorry. And when let's get back to Roy Sappolgato. Okay, the guy died. Show a little bit of respect. And don't like it. You. Mr. Applegate 63 was found that in the bedroom is Hollywood Hills home. This is California, by the way, Hollywood Hills, not Emerald Hills. After the blaze was put out and firefighters ended the house Wednesday morning, quit away spokesman for the LA County Corners office. Mr. Applegate who lived along alone in the Hillside, welling his thought to have succumbed with smoke inhalation and an autopsy has been performed to confirm the cause of the death of spokesman said. Mr. Applegate appeared a numerous TV series during a screen career that began on 1970s including Dallas, Twin Peaks, or speaking of Twin Peaks. Now on my screen channel on the digital cable in Toronto, they show reruns of Twin Peaks. I thought Twin Peaks was like Dallas, like one of like an nighttime soap opera. It was a sci-fi show. It's a spooky show. Yes, it was a pretty good show. I never watched it. And I never ever, I think it wasn't a Donna against the not slanting or something. LA law not slanting. So I never go to water palmer. But Twin Peaks was like a giant. He was also in. You ever see Jack? No. Neither nine. The Oklahoma poor actor was also seen in various motion pictures over the years. His film credits include 1994's The Getaway with Alec Baldwin and Kim Bass near the colon brothers Epicomedy. Oh brother, where out the art thou. And the upcoming Civil War drama gods in generals do for release in February. Well, thank God that got the movie done before he croaked. And now always good. We can make a more famous now. We'll be looking for him. Oh, yeah, there's the guy that died and that fire can Hollywood Hills. So he's dead. That's the bad news. There's more bad news. Clone proof on hold. See you people in the media man. I mean, we got North Korea threatened to blow the world up. We got the president's driving around in his pickup truck with a stupid cabo head on go. But we looked like that. And these people all are concerned about the railions and making up stories about they just cloned a baby. The parents of a newborn claim to be the world's first cloned human are thawking on whether to allow DNA testing on a child, said they had a big cloning company that says it brought the baby to life. Anybody with a brain believe it? No, except the people in the media got nothing else to fill a time with, I guess. Many experts of express skepticism about the companies claim that the baby was a clone saying they needed to see a DNA matching his proof. But the parents told me they needed 48 hours to decide yes or no if they would do it. Bridget Wasellier told French TV station France 2 and interview yesterday. I'm glad you've but you're that too. What? Her name? Her name is Wasellier. I don't butcher it. You didn't? No, I don't know my French very well. But this one is not really that hard, you're okay. Wasell else, what you said? I don't know. I'm not saying yes. Wasellier is the chief executive of cloning which is like to a cloning which I think probably the drinking cool aid is what they're going to be drinking. And then maybe take a little bit of that magic putting and then cut off their slongs. If she's got one. Which is like to a religious set that believes space aliens created life on earth. She's also a member of a set called a aliens. And if you want to read more about this. Or attempts by the AP to reach Michael Gouillian, Gouillian, Gouillian, whatever his name is, they'd say I butcher that name. The freelance journalist who was ranging the DNA testing, we're not successful yesterday. It's all a big hoax. Anybody with half a brain like I said yesterday, even our bell wouldn't put those fakeers on here. Even our bell wouldn't put them on there. 87 votes on a poll already. How do you like that, George? More than he had the whole time I was on vacation. All together. Who's the most that's what I'm talking about? Who's the most despicable figure of the past 50 years? Osama, Yamama 26, OJ 24. That could change after I read this OJ story following the break. More Howard David is unfortunately most moving up a little bit even after his is I don't know how to describe it. His classy attempt this morning to rejoin the crew of WQA. You know what's that? Without a lot of fanfare, without any force, play without making a big solid dance. Maybe there's some hope there. Maybe there's a chance. Because you know me, I never shut the door. I say a lot of things I'm never going to do this, but you always know that in the back of my mind, there's that one little opening, that one little possibility that just maybe you always have an opening in the back. Yeah, no, that's what's his name, a Carlisau front, as not to be confused with Carlisau sitting next to you there. What opening? Osama 29, OJ 24. Joseph Stalin 13. Mohour David 12. He's right on Stalin's ass. George W. is got 11. Nixon IV and Son of Hussein's only got a pair. We're getting them ready to invade Iraq. By the way, do you see the bad news with Turkey and Jordan yesterday? No, they're blocking. Just like the parents of the clone, baby are blocking. There's a lot of blocking going on and I would fetch you John Rockers got to do with it. Yeah, he just told the rubber there and he was a block. They're blocking about letting us use the bases and doing mission to win out because they're not so convinced after all that they got anything over there and neither is any other country. Either is anybody else with a brand in fact Tony Blair. He probably don't believe it. Probably the queen told him to let Gettin volviniscos little cover up all the scandals there. They're blocking and palace with all those fruit cakes. All that meat gay rape that was going on there. Not a big surprise that the uh, not to me. It wasn't like I've been telling you for about a hundred years now. There's a whole bunch of queens in Buck and Amp palace. That's what it's all about. You brits. We're talking about cricket this morning. If you people out there don't believe me about the British people just watch a little bit of a cricket match sometime. Just watch about 30 seconds. And they also called a bowling or you were of that when they when they picture. Yeah, when he heaves the ball up there toward the batter who's got that little. Wow, that what do you call that thing? Frat paddle. That that that that paddle that whack it. They call it bowling. He's the board. He's the board. He's not the pitcher. He's the board. And if they miss it hits the stumps and the guy behind the stumps, he's the catcher. The board and the catcher because it Britain most guys are catchers is what I'm here. So speaking of smallville. Yes, the 14th will be the new episode. Oh my god. I'm rocking to look forward to market on your counters. How can that be? I just looked it up. Oh, they see. And you want to know why? Cause I keep thinking that today's Tuesday. Oh, God forbid. I was positive yesterday was Monday. All that football on Wednesday on New Year's Day. And I was sure that Wednesday was Sunday. And then I'm coming back to work yesterday. So I'm thinking it's Monday. So I'm positive today is Tuesday. See you're telling me the 14th. So let's see Tuesday is a week from next Tuesday. Correct. Is the 14th a new episode of Squared Squirt Smallville. Pretty imposing. And what about sopranos? What's the deal with that? Is that finished? Yeah. They had five week episodes with a couple of good things in there. And that's a good thing. And in other words, all of that publicity and the fewer and psychosis over five crappy weekly episodes. And that's it. And they weren't all that good to begin with. Like all accounts even from sick offense like you who think it's a good show who like that Guido talk. Yes, we're like your Kappa Google. And you're positive. I'm sure. Man, there's nothing worse than Guido's. Trust me when I tell you. If you don't believe me, just go to New York sometime. You're supposed to be a little bit more. You're supposed to be a little bit more. You're supposed to be a little bit more. You're supposed to be a little bit more. Panthers, you blew it there because you would've reminded me if you really on top of things. All of it is early in the new year. When Greg was standing in the doorway, I could've put him on a spot about why we had to panter game on Waxy last night. Huh? Maybe that's why he's here falling out. Yeah, good off this instant. Desating just one radish gives you enough gas to cheat the starspangled banner. We'll eat anything from talk about cause you're lower GI to erupt. Like not the suvious of the last days of Pompeii, when you use the executive washroom, do your fellow employees call the county to have the hazmat team clean up the toxic waste? If you answered yes to any of these questions, you have IBS and we want to talk to you. Well, not me personally, but the brave people at the irritable Bals syndrome laboratories want to talk to you about volunteering or IBS study. I suffer from irritable Bals and from myself. Incredible. Here's our downright piss. Oh man, I cannot talk. Uh, call a 1-800-smelly until the opportunity you want to be part of this study. Wait, it is dead in here. It is 946 and 560 WQM happy. New year happy Friday to it is Friday. What a scam this is, you know, come back on a Thursday and all of a sudden it's Friday and it's the weekend coming. Oh, right. Excellent. I like it. You won't believe you see this facts how long this facts is that just came over to facts machines. It's from 212 Area Code, New York. How do you think it's from? Ted David. No, chronic, more chronic than that. No, not somebody that belongs in jail like Ted David all those other figures on CNBC to gambling channel. No, not somebody like that. I think this guy couldn't get arrested. The abudian guy. Oh no. Who sends me a facts here like he's part of the whole family. He's got even notes on for Neil and George and Miguel and Carlos and put down the whole e-eric. And like he's part of the show. God, you're still a bit, but you're first of all, you're not my pal. That's number one, Jerry, the abudian guy. And number two, it's not on board. Did you're a pain in the ass, you're a chronic groupie? Get a freaking life. In fact, it's funny this you come in, you want it a while? Why? I was discussing with somebody yesterday, I forget who. About how great it is to live in a real city like Toronto. I mean, like a real real city. On my here, which is just a bunch of suburbs and strip shopping malls. And people who hate each other. And I was wondering after I had said that about people who lived in the urs since we have all these New Yorkers who've come down here. How could you possibly live? In such a great, now I'm granting New York's had a lot of problems all of you. They had the lowest number of murders in New York this year in like 118 years, something like that. By 82 or something. Even Toronto at 60, which I thought was pretty low, even New York and I mean, the urs twice as size a Toronto. Pretty damn good. But how could anybody who grew up and lived in New York for all of their lives? How could they possibly come here and exist? Unless they came here to die. Or they had no choice. Oh yeah. But I'm saying why would anybody who lived in New York willingly want to live here? In paradise. With all these old forts, with all these nasty miserable old hateful people, where nobody's speaking English, would just just a sour, awful place. I don't get it. Because I got to be honest with that. And of course not anybody wants to live in a big city. A lot of people are small town people. Maybe that's what this is all about. Maybe that these are really people that were like caught in a place where they didn't belong. Small town person wouldn't like it here. Why not? This is the worst of city life. Nothing but it's a big hit town crime. And then you know how my ears just opened up completely for the first time in about two weeks? Just opened up code just just as I said whatever I just said about Hick Town. It's a big Hick Town. But it's got long lines. It has all the bad of a city. Right. Without any of the good. Right. That's a good point. Hey welcome to South Florida. We got all of the bad of a big city. And none of the good stuff. What more could you want? What a deal. What a deal. What a deal. What a call. What a combo. We're going to have to fight out from the audience. Actually, I almost feel tempted to change the pool, but I'm not going to do it. I like that pool. Don't you? But I'm working pretty good response. I got 128 votes on here already. And Osama is pulled away from OJ. Vostal, the OJ story might change it. But I've got to find out from the audience. If there's an opportunity, if I should seize on that little opening, we had an Unacluck this morning. And maybe we had just just one last time. See it. Because I don't, I mean, we have fun with the whole thing and with more of this and more of that. But does it really have to be on such a hostile subhuman level? Of course not. Or, or do you think that maybe it's being done because he knows that I'm back in town. I'm in a studio now as opposed to being like this. Do you think that's it? What do you think Carlos? Hahaha. Nothing. We want to put Carlos on his butt and he just zipped his lip up more than managed. And I noticed managed to go shout out more yesterday. Was quoting Joe Rose talking about Joe's explosive show on Friday where he was excoriating Moe for picking the Patriots over the dolphins even though was tongue and cheek. And supposed to be a joke, etc. But whatever. Even managed to cook a couple of shots and said, you know, sometimes it's not in good taste. You're just some things you bite your lip and you don't say him. Like when I've asked Mad Dog about his relationship with Moe and he bites his lip and zips it and doesn't say it. That texture is big. Yeah. So there you go. I don't know. I'm not going to take that pull, but maybe we'll get some input from the audience because we certainly don't see him have a lot of calls on there yet. Although we will eventually move a little bit around when they're good and ready. When I'll start taking him when I'm good and ready. OJ says this is in the globe, January the 7th, 2003, the globe. OJ, I'll make fun of Nicole's murder if the price is right. I wonder if Roddy's saying come on down. And by the way, he's a back on a show. Roddy for those who missed him with those big fancy suits. That he gets in Thailand. You know what else he gets in Thailand? Well. Late? Shaneless OJ Simpson confesses that for the right price he'd accept an acting role that poke fun of the gruesome murders of his ex-wife Nicole Brown and her pal Ron Goldman. I've been offered a couple of deals like that, so that's the disgraced gritter and great give me the right money and I'll do it. But you're giving them the right money and buy a lot of dope. A lot of that powder, man. I used to ask how can anyone find humor in two people dying, but everybody does. Simpson made the shocking statements in a national TV interview, putting to rest all his previous proclamations that he'd move heaven and earth to find the real killer of Brown and Goldman who were butchered in front of her Brentwood California home in 1994. Now he's keeping his dough to himself admitting it's been a while since he spent money to investigate the brutal slings. It's been a while since he spent money on the investigation. All of that money that he's paying on was expensive golf courses out there. I guess he could have been using that same money to fund that investigation, but. Nevertheless, because I can run with a football people think I'm pretty amazed all of a sudden he says, I don't know what to do. He doesn't know what to do, kind of like Al Martino. What that's the wrong one. You can't go to the moon! What the hell is going to? Yeah. Maybe it. While the 55 year old race for the right road to come around Simpson who appeared in three naked guns, spoofes, has gone other ways to capitalize on his lured fame, he supplements his hefty pension by making paid appearances at a private events all over the country. And both the yearly income of well in the six figures, I have a happy life he crowed. 90% of Americans would like to have my lifestyle. Yeah, but most of us would like to have our conscience that we murdered two people in cold blood. Scumbag. Simpson's residence on easy street is located in the armeiment Kendall Florida, where state laws allow him to keep his home and pension out of the hands of collectors. It means he can stiff people like to brown a golden family, so 133 and a half-minute dollar runkful death judgment against him. The law isn't that I have to turn over anything that I mean to clear is they've got to come and get it. They've got to come and get it. Are you ready for that? I read that. Man, see a low low down scumbag. And not only that, but there's still many other people in this building who would like to suck his brown crack. That's the bad part. Isn't that disgusting? Doesn't that make you want a barf? Yeah. We've got a whole bunch of people if you remember that great OJ Simpson golf term it. During the best of the old fundraiser four years ago, what have been how it was that we nearly committed suicide over most of us? Yeah, there's still sucking his ass. The Mary Woodawar, it says now also embraces his notoriety. Though Simpson claims most people encounter in public our well-wishers, he says his presence of fans of many others and he's happy about it. He's stumbling his nose at you, what he's saying. I've seen people in middle of their meals get up and leave. He says, I'm glad I'm glad I ruined your meal. If you feel that I'm a murderer and think I killed somebody and you have that to restore me, then I'm glad I ruined your meal. Go, leave. If you feel that way about me, I hope you are as uncomfortable as you possibly can be that I'm around and I'm going to be around. I'm not going anywhere he's said. How do you like that, huh? God damn it. Do we hate that OJ or what? Or despise him. Find him nauseating, unacceptable, a human piece of walking turd is what he is. I apologize to the turd of this planet for, for, I was a low blow. There have been turds that have come out of my fettled body that have been in hell of a lot more and a septic incline and beautiful than that piece of murderous scum, smegma. Garbage, and again, I apologize to the smegma of the world. I just can't compare him to anything. And you watch him, look at that. He's moved all on Moistar. Moist get me nervous. Now he's starting to make a move. He's making a late move. OJ has got those bad knees, you know? We can't run like he used to. And we've got him here. We've got the ralians and hollywood. We've got the alien, Miami family in Miami, in little Havana. We got OJ and Kindle. What more could you want? We got the Chad counters in Palm Beach. We got the old yethas and sunrise lakes. What more can you want? Like I said, what a great place. It's paradise. It is paradise. So let's get some input on it. It's totally unexpected by me as a topic of discussion here today. But I think we ought to find out from the audience what they think. I think most of them would be depressed if we like kissed and made up a little bit. I don't think they'd like that. So maybe we'll have to fake it. Although I'm part of not sure if you're being fake in it. Oh, in your case, don't think that this is going to let you off the hook. But you're going to be allowed to start speaking to that piece of tear. I mean, Mo went into the conformed, grab some paper towels. He was in there, said nothing. Good. Well, that's one. Okay. This is only the third of January. I wouldn't get too ecstatic about that. I would be happy like a perennial petting myself in a bag. Once. And what did he do? Nothing. Did he look at you? He glanced in my direction. He glanced in your direction. And what was the response? What was the physical response? Was there like a tremble in the eyebrow? Did the bag sag? Was the talking to the other piece falled out over like the side of the earlobe? What was the response? Nothing. I think Monday. Well, all the pens are out. I've allowed it. Leave it up to the audience here today to decide. What my next move will be. Well, I'm thinking about Monday putting on a flowery shirt from Papeno Park that they sent me. Is a joke. Although I noticed my good friends up there at Papeno Park including Dick Feinberg, Walker won and those flowery shirts. I never noticed that. I never petting it. It's like the outfit there I guess. I never noticed that until the other night when he was walking around and I thought, I thought, I was just like the pey. I told him. I said, that looks like a piece of embarrassing stuff you sent me. They said, yeah. And he walked away. Well, I think I might just come in. Maybe I'll borrow a pair of old gold stains boxers shorts. You know the ones that he always shows up and I like sew him in half in the third. And put on a beautiful green and flowery Hawaiian shirt. I'm about to have to have a hat. And put on a nice straw hat there. And of course, don't forget the affair. Hang out from under the hat. That's a real mink. Is it a mink? It's lovely. It was. It was. Whatever it is because the audience can't see it unfortunately, but it would definitely once was alive. Like whatever most got in his head. It once was alive. Bring it at whole, on to rod, that whole outfit standing in that window there and like, starting the new year with a nice greeting there on Monday morning. What do you think? I'll bring the camera because we need some more pictures of you for the sight. I'm kind of plating it right now. This is for 205. You way, yeah. It's Friday. You best. It's getting us a lot of week on the prices, huh? What would you bid on that fine, on that fine oak cabinet? Yeah. Uh, a 690-412 cents. Yeah, that, that, that definitely 690-412 cents. Yeah. And the price is $694 and 12 cents. You're a winner! They may not know what year it is, but they know their prices. And, pricey. I don't know if I can bet today's show yet. Yeah, yeah, yeah, that, that, that, that definitely a hundred-tall bite of that today's show. Don't miss a second of it. It's a fun week. Gons the price is right. What's the thing with the guy in first? Who? The guy in first? Who? What's the name of the guy in second? Who's the name of the guy in first? I don't know if he's paying. Speaking of actors, I've said it one guy who'd like, like, a lot. But I've discovered that he takes very good rules or very, very bad ones. I mean, who I'm talking about? Al Pacino. Oh, yeah, exactly. I've seen a clip. What is his latest movie? Do we know the name of it? Whatever it is, I've seen some of the clips on TV. His performance is so gross, test, and so embarrassing. It makes sense of a woman seem like going with a win. You know, my comparison. And, instead of a woman, didn't he win the Oscar for that? So, no. Horrible. You still ever saw it? No. Ah! The stench. The stench of common or is he more stended off in performance last Sunday? I've seen a woman coming from that movie. It'll be on cable. It's already been. Watch it. I think I've heard hate you. You know, see it in a few years. It's a set of a woman. And I remember I even gave it another chance. I watched it the second time from start to finish. The recruit. The recruit is the name of his new movie. Thank you. Oh, my gosh. Oh, yeah, that's right. He's recruiting these guys to be like, whatever they're going to be. Terrorist attackers. See, I have whatever. Yeah, see, I have guys like Chuck Burris. I'm going to go see that movie. I bet you I know one person is going to go see that book of Brian. We'll go see the Chuck Burris movie because that's his whole movie. Well, like I said, he'll get a rip off copy somewhere. Join the big. Oh, and a Q amp press patrol tonight starting at 4 p.m. at Hooligans in the Date Land Taser for the official Q AM Cain's Feastable Watch Party presented by Miller Light. How do you like that? And that great. Another way to wait. And we just sold it. Somebody paid for that. Miller Light paid for that mention right there. I'm up for off that in kind of sheepishly. You think you give this a couple of plugs? No problem. Why don't you want to do what? Whatever you like. Because that's what I'm here for. I'm here to please these couple of months. I'm here to try to make everybody happy. So what do you think about the more thing before I start with it? Although I don't see we're getting like a lot of response on that. We won't be the the right thing to do. We have it. But having I always been about like seven or eight times. Hasn't always followed in my wimpy old shoulders to be the one to say, Okay, well, we'll overlook this and we'll just like even after the good bullet in the head. I'll only have this stuff trying to get your ass fired, you know, right? But this is an overture. Is it? I don't know. It might have been a mistake. It's not Beethoven's fifth, but maybe it's most first. Something like that. Here's a facts from Sean and Hollywood has always got his thumb right on it. Says welcome back. I think you're being unfair to the average sportshold when you say they don't care about the Courtenor Korean crisis. For example, if the commies launching a tech and low California off the map, how will that affect the Oakland home at field advantage in the upcoming playoffs scenario and must sandy Eagles, so whether they're 15th, quick and a spring draft. Happy New Year to you, too, Sean. Excellent point. The sports nerds man, the lowest of the low. There is nothing. There's nothing wrong with being the sports fan, but the sports nerds after being here just a couple of days. I'm convinced that I was always right. The people who will take a game and not just a game itself, but within the game, an individual player, a couple of plays and continue to dissect it and go back and examine it and inspect it and resurrect it. What you get a life. Get a life. This is a radio station, 16 hours, 18 hours, whatever hell of a visit for people with no life. And let me say it again. We want to apologize. The entire staff of QA must apologize to the Florida Panther organization for sticking that game on 790 Waxy last night, so we can put the orange bull on a make a lot of money off it, no doubt. When a panthers are two points out of first and they division the young and hustling panthers, they play the damn good game there. I watched the first two pairs. I went to bed because I knew the game was in the hand. It was done. It was finito. Evelyn's were beaten to a pulp. Crunched. It was great. Plus going to bed early. May night and have to watch the meat's pop fan for another period. 560560, pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line, 162 votes on a poll. The most despicable figure of the past 50 years. Osama bin Laden, we should also put fat boy on her. He's got a pretty despicable figure. And listen fat boy, don't waste your time coming up here, which I noticed you haven't come anywhere near here. Because you're out. Don't you agree with me, he's out on the balance for life deal. They were on me for last night and I got to tell you it was the most for a two-adest thing I didn't expect it. And even though they knew I was back. And I just said it was like a quarter to seven watching the CBS even news. I said to John, I don't have a damn thing in a house to eat. I have no food in the house. And here comes this car whipping it of the driveway. And it's the balance for life guy. How do you like that? Ew, uh. Must have been my psychic powers again. Probably during my to the driveway. He dropped off my little black sack and there was some damn good stuff in there for a change. I mean, there was some good, no seriously, it was great. So Troy, I think you better get with a drop fat boy like a rock. Drop him. The entire state will feel the reverberations of fat boy being dropped by little Troy. Can you see Troy trying to pick up fat boy? With a foreclad. With a crane you with a foreclad. Okay, let's see Osama's got 55 most despicable. OJ is still only got 36. He ought to be doing better than that. More Howard David is 27. George W. Bush 22. Shame on you people. What's wrong with you? How come you're not like a more loyal to your fear. You're not like a hero. You're not like a hero. You're not like a hero. You're not like a hero. You're not like a hero. You're not like a hero. You're not like a hero. You're not like a hero. You're not like a hero. You're not like a hero. You're not like a hero. You're not like a hero. You're not like a hero. You're not like a hero. You're not like a hero. You're not like a hero. You're not like a hero. You're not like a hero. You're not like a hero. You're not like a hero. You're not like a hero. You're not like a hero. You're not like a hero. You're not like a hero. You're not like a hero. You're not like a hero. You're not like a hero. You're not like a hero. You're not like a hero. You're not like a hero. You're not like a hero. You're not like a hero. You're not like a hero. You're not like a hero. You're not like a hero. You're not like a hero. You're not like a hero. You're not like a hero. You're not like a hero. You're not like a hero. You're not like a hero. You're not like a hero. You're not like a hero. You're not like a hero. You're not like a hero. You're not like a hero. You're not like a hero. You're not like a hero. Because America wants to snooze. Five significant of this call from Pembroke Pies has been on there for a very long time, which always makes me suspicious. Pembroke Pies, hello. Mr. Rodgers. Yes, sir. What the hell is going on up there? I'm down here sitting on my throne and all of a sudden everything goes frozen over. What does that mean? Hell. Hell down here, frozen over. Yeah. We heard this. Oh, how are David? Yeah. What did I tell you? Was I a man? I thought I wanted to. Huh? Right on it. What was some asshole? He been on his since I've girly sat down here. Okay, do an affony voice. Try to be funny. Leave the humor to us. Okay. What they're one thing about most of you on a phone. You're not funny. At least not intentionally. Anyway, even a bridge tender. Stop it. You're not. He was only funny because he was such an old crotchity piece of crap. Because he epitomized everything that we hate about South Florida. Old nasty, hateful people. We can't stand him. Ma. We can't stand him. I didn't tell you about how she nearly killed my little dog. I left that out there the right. I left it out yesterday. I mean, if I have time, time permitting I might be able to do like an hour or two on that today. Just feed him the special dog food we got from the vet. He's got a sensitive stomach. Does she do it? He would need a thing. He would he wouldn't. And I kept telling her every time I'd talk to right of phone. Tell him that's the best offer he's getting. If he gets hungry and I feel he'd, if not, big deal. At least he won't croak. So she of course starts feeding him. She goes and gets pedigree. She gets this. Got only knows what kind of snacks he was given him in between. We had a whole thing of those little puppy-roenies and things that they're all gone. So guess what? He's got pancreatitis again. Every time she's taken care of that dog in his lifetime, I come back and he's got pancreatitis. So I had a postponeous cataract surgery. And he liked that. Poor little tiny. The victim of that old bag. And I don't know why that. I betcha. I don't know why she gave him the pedigree. Can you imagine how much pep-reacon black pebble was on it? Yeah. No wonder he was walking around with the sword back then. Yeah. He hates her. If you think you think you've seen hate in your life. You have never seen my little dogs reaction when my mother comes in my house. Even worse than mine. Seriously, hate despise. I tore that at lunch yesterday. I said he hates you like poison. She's like, how come and dread? Yeah, that was her response. A hum and dread. Leave it to an old Jew like her to come up with a line like that. 5, 6, 7, 0. We're still waiting for our first real call of day. We had a good day yesterday. We don't want to overdo it. You know? We don't want to like, keep carry away. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. I don't have a computer but I'll give you my pole answer and also a suggestion for you and Mo. Yeah. Invite Motu with one of our parties. See whatever develops. And maybe possibly Tom Denonberg should have been on that left. What did I just get through saying? Am I psychic a power's coming through again? I mean, the free is his first two colors are a barometer of the kind of sludge and mung that we're going to get on the phone today. I mean, I have to go back to bedtime stories Monday. And I don't want to go back to bedtime stories. I don't want to go back to pure articles on audio because then Tom jickle write something about it in a paper. Get all been out of shape again. Tom will think he knows something about radio. It doesn't even own one. But he's on one. And he certainly got that nice ball spot just like Greg reads now. I can't get over that. You know, he put his head like kind of like embarrassed woman. I talked about his bad haircut and he put down like a little further. And I could see that big shiny, I could see the reflection of the back of George's ass off the top of his head. Maybe it was a flesh color, Jelmica. Good. Golly Miss Molly Greg. I mean, they told me that since Mo and his head all the stuff going on here has been there and his hair out, but I thought it was just a figure of speech. I didn't think it was literal. Here's having pure hello. Hey, Neil, I made up my hand in and I wanted to say I live south, I know it's probably not on your brometer, but it blows on the country and live different places. But I really do love south. Well, to reach its own. And secondly, I wanted to ask you, how do you feel about how our David is a professional with his voice? He's got an excellent voice. Thank you very much. Okay. How do I feel about his professionals? He'll let me finish the answer. He's got an excellent voice. I'm not here to critique his performance. We're talking about our relationship. Do people understand that? Oh, I have to draw you a diagram. You get it. We're talking about our relationship and the whole working on beyond zero WQF. This is heavy duty important stuff. And this here's three and a row now. This guy's also an asshole. While we should have known that when he said he's a living in south Florida, most of the, and he loves it here. Huh? Because anybody that tells me any claims to have been all over the country may be he was to delay on springs. Maybe that's as far as he was. Huh? What's that little play Avon Park? Maybe he was there. Right there on the lake. He never, he never got north of those places. So don't tell me you've been all over the country and how much you love it down here. And he's asking me my critique of it. He's got an excellent voice. Okay. He's got a great voice. He's got a bombastic voice. Great for play by play. That doesn't necessarily make him a great Toshahose. I'm not commenting one way or the other because we're, we're examining it and look at the lack of response there. Look at the lack of response. We're opening up the door giving you people an opportunity. Which we rarely do on a show. Today I'm good thing you got that rose rebeats in a cross hanging from the fire alarm up there until that because I can see already. I left here yesterday on cloud nine. I haven't had such an enjoyable day at work in years as we had here yesterday. And I come in here today and never happens to days in a row here. Never never never ever. Because then they figured, wow, you know, I just let some little bit too happy like he's back in Toronto or something. We don't want that. Gonna do the break now when we come back after the break. We better have like a crap load of calls on there. I'm telling you that right now. I don't want to start playing bush boss with the audience, but put you up a little bit. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T. Of course, there are having a big festival parties, plus the dolphin fans and I gotta talk to me because they're looking at wounds now. You know, like a bunch of overgrown children. Oh, gee, not only did we lose, but it was his Patriots. It was that Tommy Brady with a separated shoulder and Adam Vennetary. Who put the dolphins back on a bus? For a month to come. So if you want to take it personally, be my guest. I don't really care. I can handle it. We got more important. We got bigger fish to fry like Neil and Mo. 12 minutes past 10 at 560WQA. I'm kick off a new year with a great new mattress and dime mattress. If you haven't been sleeping well lately, nothing will give a bigger impact on your life each and every day in the coming year than a good night sleep. And believe me when I tell you, boy, I'll take a sleep in on a couch and empty in those 10 days. I thought I wanted to die. You ever have to sleep on like a small uncomfortable case? A lot of 10 days. It's time for that New Year's Resolution to Great Night Sleep every night. So call 1-800-MATT-RES right now. Dilemactuals obviously feel like a baby all year long, starting as soon as tonight. Dilemactuals care is only the best. Seally, service, humans, King Corlan, every size and style. When you call, you'll speak with an expert bedding consultant who recommend the perfect bed for you and your back and your body. They have what you want in stock. No phone e-sales. No baton, switch like department stores. Then when you order your new bed from Dilemactuals, they'll have it there on time even the very same day you call. Like I said, a little moment ago, you get to choose the date and time and convenient for you. Dilemactuals pride itself out there 99% on time record, which is just one reason, while they're ranked first. For overall customer satisfaction in the universe. So do what all of us here at QAM have done. Make the call now to Dilemactuals like Miguel George yours truly. We all sleep on mattresses from Dilemactuals separately and so should you. Enjoy the new year with that special sum of new mattress from Dilemactuals. Call tool free right now 1-800-MATT-RES. That's 1-800 mattress for Dilemactuals. The perfect way to start off the new year. My and local year sports radio 5-6ing sues. 2-A-M. 20-2-1-M. I need to. Yeah. Nor mix don't pick up the farm in I-0-W-A. To the girl from there make love with bigs. And I-0-W-A. With a dine dine care and a dine dine care. Here a blank there a blank everywhere a dine blank. No, I'm mix don't pick up the farm in I-0-W-A. I'm farm machine and easier than I-0-W-A. With a bat at there and a bat at there. There, bat, there, bat everywhere a bat bat. Don't pick up the farm in I-0-W-A. I'm farmers don't go to the distance. I-0-W-A. With a dine care and a dine care. Here a fairer. Everywhere. No, I'm pick don't just mix it in action. I-0-W-A. Okay, there's a little slow today. I-0-W-A. People might still be in town after that embarrassing pounding by USC last night in the orange bull. Even George was embarrassed by that humiliated. Huh? When you think that those corn huskers of whatever in the lay are that's right. That's in the brass. Well, it's right next door. I think I'm not the nulscona. They're big beefy. They ought to be kicking everybody's ass. And they get beat by a bunch of pansies from Southern California. Wow. Okay, I'm going to change the pool. I got the new pool. If I were going to just fax it to Eric. Although I might- he might just be listening now. Between feeding, he could be listening. He might even speak to you. But I doubt it. 220. Well, we've taken a similar kind of a pool all night. I don't think we'd never took this exact pool before. But I like the other one better. Because it's obvious we're not going to get- Are these lines working by the way? Just a phone check because the lack of response here today is like a deafening. I'm something so earthly important to me. 220 votes on the first pool, who's the most despicable figure the past 50 years? Osama, Yamama, 64, OJ43, Mo Howard David at 35, George W. Bush 33, Joseph Stalin 30, Sodom Ossayn 8 and Richard Nixon 7. Sodom is not even a contender. I need a risk dick. So here's the new pool. And we can help formulate this together right here on the show, which we sometimes do. Well, are you going to like get rid of that block? I hate watching that thing. You know, when you pull one of those on the whole light that I can't stand it. Gras me nuts. Don't you hate looking at that thing? Yeah, but I don't care. I just forget about it. The price of sanity is- No, it's just answer those phones. Okay, you got that big-by-my- George got his birthday show for me today. Okay, so just answer the phones and quit playing Primadana. I think, I think MoMave had a good point. Primadana. What should Neil do regarding mode during 2003? That's the poll question, the new one. Got it, Eric. Are you listening to your paying attention? We don't want to pick on you again, although Carlos said, What should Neil do regarding mode during 2003? I got three choices on here, and maybe you can add some others. Stick by his guns, ignore him. Make peace, or steal his hairpiece. Speaking of peace. In other words, you would give peace a chance to give hairpiece. Stick by his guns, ignore him. Make peace, or steal his hairpiece. Any other choices now? I'm trying to distill it down to a short phrase. Yeah. Like, well, give me a clue. Keep having fun with him. But in a nice kind of way. No, and let's see if he takes such crappy po- Well, continue having fun with him in a nice whatever kind of way I feel like it. That's not the point. You do such bad polls. I saw some of the polls you do like with two choices on there. Yeah. Like his today, two or Wednesday, and a poll he's taking it is like on Monday. Well, what kind of a rep polls do you take, Mr. Bad Polls? Bad Polls. Man. Any other choices on there? They're coming to mind immediately. Well, that's not much of a poll, and that's like one of your polls. We don't only treat you. See, I like to get like a bunch of choices. That's the first that we did a whole bunch of times. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. What's your favorite TV show of all time? What's your favorite TV show this week? What's your favorite? I saw those. You weren't fooling me. I mean, I haven't been listening, but I was monitoring the God damn website. Including that one day when you told fruit cake over there. Oh, don't bother with, you know, don't bother putting any, so he's got stories on there. Here, Cardinal law just resigned. Okay? And we got on our website. Cardinal law, it may resign. It was one day that that was the most crucial day of them all. And you're screwing up. It was the also the first day, it was right after our left first day. Oh, you think I wasn't in the middle of it. I don't care. No excuses, man. What was that? Here. Like what? Like just getting everything back, you know. See, is that raining just a little bit here, Carlos? Does he make an excuses? You're so fun. You've got his head so far up your ass. I've never seen anything like it. He's like an appendage of yours. Now he's like a party or body. Because when I called him that day and said, get that little spick off his ass and get the stories on here. It was like, he was, you know, suck on a poor guy. I thought that's embarrassing. See, he let me tell you right now. He's going to do nothing for you. Okay? He will do absolutely nothing for you. He's not that he might not want to, but he can't. He's impotent when it comes to this place. He's lucky to still be allowed in a building. Okay? So don't like to look to him to be sucking around his brown crack. Don't be like thinking about that. Because that will do you no good. Anyway, so what's the other choice? I guess we'll get him from the audience. Here's a call from Western. Hello. Neil, how are you doing? Great. Neil, I vote that you do not talk to him and I'll tell you why. Keep doing that. You make peace with him. He doesn't deserve it. When you were gone, I never wanted to listen to the morning show. When all this stuff was happening, I turned into it as as horrific as it was. Because you're right with same people, I have to say in questions. And Neil, he would find ways, who pulls, to out of his way to rip you. And now those people there would back you up. Nobody would help you, say anything, that goal would be not. Oh, well, well, you're all held these just. They're sucking around, you know, because he needs the job. That's all. But now those people even back you up. You mean, even George? Even George would not back you up Neil. He wouldn't say. That's what I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. Neil, please do not make peace with him. He does not deserve it. Do not. It'd be the worst thing you ever did. Okay. I want you right now. Keep on the opposite side. Draw the lines. Make him come back you from mercy. Okay. Neil, hold on because I'm telling you, like on the phone line. But I was in the morning. It would be like a cold call in about, let's say, D.M.R.E.N.L. and somehow he would loop it around to rip on you. Ah. With most ridiculous. I don't mind if he rips on me. I enjoyed if he does it in a way that's like I got a little bit of humor. What the human deal, he was doing with who wasn't human. Means mean spirited. Evil. Master. Hasta. Yep. But did not you feel that there's any chance? Were you listening to me on the clock this morning? Yeah. And he said Neil Rogers is next. And no, he nighted with the Neil Rogers is next. Yeah, he did. Did he say it? He said Neil Rogers coming up next and then Jim Matt is your one and went through the whole schedule. He's got the liar obviously. Neil. Well, no way. Wait a minute. What are you saying this guy? He was going to say that he was going to say it. He said he outed you and said you didn't defend me. Okay. So right away, you're turning on him just like you turned on Eric when Eric made the comment about he don't want to be lumped in with you and you had turned on him and created all that chaos that I had idea. Sure. You have no idea the come out of grief that George created here between me and Carlos and the Eric. I don't call George as fall. I swear. And here I was saying I caught next. I know if he did. I didn't hear it. He did say it. But do you think I would make that up? No, I don't think you did say it. I think George would not lie. I think George would sit up. Anyway, he would tell when he would hear. Okay. Well, you're repeating yourself having a happy new year. We got the point. Okay. I mean, this guy's like so. It's like it's like ball games. Don't get all that whipped up about it. It's not that important sir. It's not that important. And if it is that important, then nice knowing you. You know what I mean? Time to check out. 5605060, pound 560 on the AT&T. And Verizon. Who's that with that Eric that called you on a line before? About the pole. Who was that? What do you grab? What do you want? What does he want? What does he want? He added his suggestion. And what does it kiss and make up? And that's cute? That's okay. Kiss and make up. Well, isn't that just like make peace? Well, that's a cute or, you know, I'm not kissing that thing. Oh, you kidding me? In addition to which if you tried to kiss and that piece I guarantee would fall off right on the floor. Wouldn't it? And I don't want to get that close that I want to smell it either. You know, that thing must be really ready whichever one. I mean, maybe maybe the nice dressy one that he wore to the Christmas party. Maybe that one smells a little bit better. I also speak of that since I've only seen him at about four times in my life. Even though he knows I wear this same clothes every day. Didn't he also have, did I mention that today that Greg brought him in here? That very first day that he also had the Warren Chromarty aroma about the cashmerebo Cave bath. So I'm not going to get that close to him because he like, he just ladles it on. He must have cashmerebo, Kekom and out of the shower head. I'm serious. I don't know what that's all about. And you want to know why because it seems to me that guys were like, slather on like a lot of stuff like talcum potters kind of like gay. Yeah, is what I would say. Not that I know anything about that. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Yes. I'm glad you brought the subject up. What subject? The Howard Dameset. Okay. Well, the audience loves it. Which I think he may be starting to catch on, do by the way. I think I disagree with your premise. You do not need his friendship. Okay. Well, I don't know. I don't mind his friendship. I'm never going to be. I don't even need to make friends with our, or make a truth that's outrageous. The tension between you two is compelling radio. He needs you more than you need him. Well, that's my name. You are a self-floor. Somehow somehow I succeeded all the years before we're had him here. Exactly. Before he brought his bag in a studio. Exactly. You are a self-floor. I can't. He is a newcomer. Yes. You can't unablock. Exactly. So far, he's failed. His ratings are mediocre. Yes. And if they continue, if the low ratings continue, they'll be replaced. So he needs you more than you need him. He's an excellent play by play guy. But as a talk show host, he sucks. He blows. He can only talk about the dolphins on the end of the building. He can't talk about anything else. Because he has no passion for anything else. And well, there's a passion for the dolphins. A lot of people are asking that. Well, you know, who knows? How could you pick the Patriots and then say it was ingested? It was a joke. And that their picks every Friday are done ingested? Well, I don't have a problem with that because. Although he was right. It will. Which makes it, which makes it, you know, something that makes it even worse. See, that's what pisses people off. If the dolphins would have won the game, then it said, Oh, I'm always just having some fun. But we won the game. We were going to win and we're moving on to playoffs. But the fact that they actually did lose the game. Come on, Neil, I disagree. You know, one of the hallmarks of your success is your credibility. Yeah. Now, that's before I came to QAN. And if he's going to pick the dolphins every week, I mean, what could it be? It does he have? Yeah. If he's going to be the talk show host as opposed to the play by play guy. He's got to give his opinions. Otherwise, it's boring radio. No, well, maybe he knew there were a bunch of choke artists. Maybe he knew it. Well, yeah, they are choke artists. He can't come on in here and say that because that would really put him off the edge. But maybe he just knows that. And is somewhere in a back of his feeble mind, you know? Maybe what was that? Well, now that we're going, you know, now that it's work, we're at the almost at the end of football season. Close. You know, we've got to see us to ball and then to play off from the Super Bowl. Fingerball, yeah. Okay. He's going to have to demonstrate his ratings because he's not going to be able to rely on the foot on football. So it would seem to me now that the panthers have gotten so hot lately. And in fact, the only two points out of first, even though he doesn't know much about it, he's got a guy sitting there with him every morning who loads more about it than anybody in the building except me. You think that he would allow him a certain amount of light. It's been time because you're going to have to segue from when a Super Bowl ends into all of those months and when there's no football. Because that's when it gets ponderous on his radio station. Everybody knows it because even with the draft coming up in April, there are all those other months to feel when you've got to be talking about other things than just giving a football. Well, you know, last year in the Herald, there was an article about QAM's ratings. And they said that you guys had the strongest fallbook because of Neil Rogers, the dolphins and the hurricanes. Yeah. Well, coming, well, now that we're going to. Perkins don't get any notes. That was all that. That is false. Neil, that's false. They do get ratings. No, they don't. Just they do. Tonight's broadcast, the TV broadcast is going to have a higher rating. Sir, they don't get ratings on radio. No, they're waiting on. No, they don't. Oh, wait. Look, sir. I'm not going to argue with you. Okay, because when it comes to the ratings, I'm going to student of the ratings. I'm in the business. And for you, the staff, you know, getting all whipped up to a frenzy like you're going to teach me something. I was at IOD when they had the hurricanes. I've been a QM for five years. We've got the hurricanes. They do not get ratings. First of all, almost every one of their games is on television. Now, if you're going to tell me, how would like some of the dolphins, games people used to turn down and they sound all the less kind of the news with ratings. But they would turn on QAM. They're the sound when they were watching a game on TV. Some people like Howard doing a game. They like to zoom for a week or whatever. They'd like love manage. But nobody's going to turn the game on QAM. But I'll watch it on TV. So they can hear Joseph Gackie screaming like our goddamn stuck pig in the heat. They're not going to hear that. Oh, my. Oh, my. Is that in the audio vault by the way? Is that in a window how they get in there? They have it on a cart. It's in there somewhere. Oh, bro. It's too embarrassing for this show. We're not going to play it. They don't get rating. So he kind of soft off into past because he's the expert in even the one on the icon. You know, sir, I want to say one thing to you. What are you going to make you think you're so suspicious? Yeah. That's what I want to say at this point. Give me a little bit of credit for no one's something about something. Although he didn't have a good point about Jordan. That was the other guy I told me. George was like, my. And what? This is for 25. Six years. You ain't a new man. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you so much for watching. See you later on. See you later on. Thank you. OK. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Yeah. Ok. Ok. Yeah. Ok. Hahaha. Yeah. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Yeah. When no ride, when no ride, when no ride, when no ride Feels no pain Though it's troubleshees and you know she's always in No pain She'll just take us in That's prullin' between real snag Go pay When no ride, when no ride, when no ride, when no ride Feels no pain 133.5.60 WQM This is a good thing it came in a mail You just handed the macy, it turned out to be good You're such a skeptic, you're sour because you're hung around with George too much Lost man 85 grabs golf cart on i75 And 85 year old man became lost while driving his golf cart Home from a doctor's appointment inside a retirement community And wound up on a busy interstate chair of some fishl Said, this is from the December 28th on Sentinel The man drove along interstate 75 near Tampa For about five miles his golf cart never topping 20 miles an hour, thank goodness officials said His identity was not released and he was not issued any Take it's even though driving a golf cart on the road Where is illegal unless you're over the age of 100 Unless you're like, well, let's see now See, it's a good thing it was robin' a golf cart He could've been driving a jukin' who could've been driving a continental A kettle-like And it was only a golf cart 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 Pumlin' a little bit disturbed by the toni's last two calls here The one guy that was ripin' George and I see even though I think he had a couple of good points And then this last guy who's trying to give me an lesson about the ratings I have number, don't confuse me. Oh, and also Did you see that the dolphin patriot came It was in very jackasses, Contman's Morning Which I won't waste the gun out of the bottom of the bird cage here But in this market drew like a 27 shares Something like that, and in the New England market 32.4 share, much higher That wasn't even 20, it was 20 sum odd here in low 20s 32.4 share, which goes to Shoya Lot more sports fans up there in the England here in South Florida Even though it was a big number for down here, but not even close To what it was up there in the England Because the fans up there appreciate what they got Even though we're not gonna make the playoffs this year We appreciate the good effort, okay? Stumbled law had a great start Stumbled law couldn't stop the my grandma running But that's the way it goes Had a couple of real clinkers there, we missed the bus didn't show up But they got their rings as all I can say And you got your things Patriots got their rings and the dolphins got their Things How's rings and things doing? Here's Povid O'B. Hello. I'll be near your guy. Same news, sir. Why do I live down here even along from New York? Well, I actually thought it that moved back to New York last year And the rents have come all the way down for a 700-square for Appartment on the upper west side It's been a 35-fundish in a month now, it was 2000 a month Yeah. And I did a good point. I love the one weather. I tried to desert, got bored. Let me count on 40-futanyers and if it wasn't for the earthquake So I still be there by the way last Saturday night The streets that I lived on and sanded the monica Not the building but the road, ocean pop, all the barn Totally collapsed because of a sinkhole because of water main broke That's why I'm going to now One thing at that, Howard, David And it's interesting that you brought up the point of his prediction I actually called him on their morning Never called him before And said, you know, if you wanted to make an excuse for that Did he had a prediction? Instead of saying he was just a joke It would have made more sense if you said that you did it To try to cite the dolphins and to winning To prove you wrong and of course you totally ignored me Yeah. And finally, since this is the new year I'm not making my own resolution But I'd like to please tell everybody else I don't know if they're all young, whatever In this town, how freaking difficult is it to park between two white lines? I'm probably going to target the public Remember that I go, either I can't get into a spot Or I get into a spot and I come in and I can't get into my car The more on is three feet into my space We have that done here in our parking lot right now I'm serious, you know what I mean? They park on the white lines They park over the white lines They're talking about It's unbelievable I guess what they think is the white line is supposed to go Right in the way between the wheels It's like a target, you know? Like when a plane comes to the right line Like when a plane is landing at the airport And they follow that line on the road Yeah, I don't know your runway Yeah, that's what they think that is It's actually illegal I suppose to an officer one day And he said it's that is If they want to get this town out of debt They just to get up out stopping people on the highways And I turn on those signals Because they don't do that anyway It's very simple going to every parking lot Take it everybody You'll be out of debt tomorrow Okay Bye Good luck you 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 The new pole is up there What should Neil do regarding mode During 2003 this is a lot more important than that other pole we took Never had any inkling that we would be even Delving into this today But at 9 o'clock this morning in case you missed the cross over there A shocking development here on WQAM Which probably there would be headlines In both papers about it tomorrow No Since we get since tremendous publicity here There should have been pictures of all our faces I forgot When Greg stuck his head in the door To thank him for the tremendous publicity campaign About my return after vacation And about all those billboards out there Just like DFO has got I noticed yesterday everybody in the world in this town has got billboards Why 100 even footing in is a partner in a morning Whatever his name is You see their billboards with the big pooping hanging out Yeah, they have billboards DFO has got billboards What's that guy's name? Thomas Schwish, Schwish, Smith whatever his name is He's got billboards What do we got? Promises Empty promises Lies is what we got here at WQAM That's what we got Nothing Zero Zipady Duda And here I come back in the town And a tremendous mood Having a great time The show yesterday I give about a 40 on a scale of 1 We had a great show And I'm sitting here begging for calls again Because nobody has any idea I had it like bitch Carlos I guess they put them on our website About that I'm back on the ear now Even on our own website And it like bitch him out Cuss him out because George has got him under his thumb And George doesn't want him to put that on there Because then if everybody knows I'm back Way to Way makes George look bad I said it Back to when you did not come in and bring your nice birthday check this morning When you stopped taking this so serious What is wrong with you? What are you going to do? Nice college boy They want to get mixed up in the family business And now you want to go down to police cap and one Cause you slap your face a little bit What do you think this is? The army where you shoot them a mile away You got to get a post like this The thing you brought in planes all over your nice side RelicSuit Come in You're taking a study part Let's say there you go You're taking this very personal Just business We just have a good time here screwing around a little bit The new pull is up Let's get some votes on here and see what they did Maybe they just don't care but I have my doubts about that Oh look at that the first class 22 votes And then like a heartbeat What should Neil do? Steel is here piece 11 Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha Yeah but that won't work He's got more Stick by the audience is a shot By the development as we are So I probably shouldn't be too a heart-harsher on them Because nobody ever anticipated this And ordinarily it wouldn't mean that much But after all these months of psychosis That's gone on this place all of it on his part By the way Like that day that his head I swear to you I thought that his head was going to spin around And come right off his shoulders like Linda Blair and heath That day that I stood in the doorway with those anal of bees And it was my luck you know How did I know that that guy was going to call right at that moment How did I know about that Probably thought that I put him up to it Or those precious moments Yeah one of those precious precious moments That I occasionally have When I just got up to see if they still had a control room door open So I could look in there and give him like a high sign of it And sure enough there is this guy Adjutating him on a phone while I'm standing in the doorway And he just went ballistic Look like you just seen the face of Some of Sam Charles Manson and OJ I'll come by and I'll wrap up into one That was the look on his post If you could have seen that hearpey spin in a ride like a dredal And it wasn't even Hanukkah time yet My This is for real by sixty I'm anyway Who am I got the not watching coming up Oh boy That's where we are tonight. I'm a great value Would you slash him me? Oh yeah They're hold this way Okay Well We got the auction these items off for a very very good good cause Reach for the sky What's that mean It moves stupid If they don't give up the goat We take it anyway See Oh like reach for the sky Your money or your wing What's the matter, Mo? I'm thinking That just a joke, Mo A joke, huh? Yeah, I got a joke for you Now that's funny Now where we got auction off this dive Why not auction off your pee bear Say that's not a bad idea I need to know in anyway Yeah, please But please let me tell my minions in paradise About the luxurious of a glazed hotel And it's magnificent spa That's where my close place in a man friend J. Fiddler And I go quite often He doesn't like too many in his spa Line there naked With just a thousand skinny moisture Area ointnya balls J's soft hands Get me caressing my bunks Oh I didn't grasp him You are an ee frozen You can't carry away Mo It's quite nanny Stop it You are professionals How dare you wait for the spa But just listen me again Oh, give me a splashed Hit it You can splash in me With your very good speed You want to see The filter is getting my pants clean That it smells like fucks in his cash I'm trying to get a brand new bag The filter doesn't look like the other one That You bag makes me feel good Like it all the kaka should No no no no It feels nice Like when I don't I waxed my eye No no no This old lady is saying So I gotta get a brand new bag Yeah Like you splash in It stinks Yeah That's not for that 1046 at 560 WC I got the mad dog at 1 Edk Edk Edk Edk Edk Edk Edk Edk Edk Edk Edk Edk Edk Edk Edk Edk Adds Okay Edk Ediring D dderries That's just uh make believe or is that for real? All the appearances. Whatever anybody shows possibly make that up. How could anybody put like getting your ass fired? I mean, right. That's all stick. Right. That was just a bunch of stick. Right. His George was one step away from the 80th floor of any tall building he could find. Don't forget join the big. Oh, and the QM prize patrol starting at 4th of the second hood at Hurkins in the mainland Plaza for the official QM Kansfiesta Bowl Watch Party presented by Riverlight. Don't be confused by the unofficial watch parties and by any fawny baloney watch parties, be sure and participate in the official QM Kansfiesta Bowl Watch Party presented by Miller Light and Duff. 560-560-560 on the AT&T in Verizon Line. I'm going to go back to bedtime story, you know. Here's Hollywood, hello. Yes sir. Oh, I love the bedtime stories. Neil, how are David's problems? Is that the Dawson's are done for the season? Yeah. And he sucks. And I got you the one simple thing for him hold on. It's going to have to be great. Okay, great. I got another cry. Another real loser, another sad sad voice from the past. Always got his little thing cute up there. Oh, how sad. Welcome back to South Florida, Neil. Thank you. Look at this response here today, man. I'm at his well-be sitting here going, look at that. No matter what you do in this town, they don't like it. No matter what it is, you give him the bedtime stories, you're going to inform him. We're going to talk about important things. Oh, no. We don't want that. We don't want to hear some asshole reading on the ear. We're talking about stuff that we can get on the news. We want to be entertained. Then you try to like go the other direction. On all, one day that was more than enough. Let's go back to the other stuff. We don't know what we want. And you want to know why because they're here. They're here. They're depressed. They're despondent. And they know that what I see is true. This is the anus of the universe. You can smell it. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T. And how about those pants and people are no wonder this station can do whatever to LA want. You'll put up with any crap that they are a dish out. Of course, the game was on TV last night, but sending that aside. What kind of grotesque behavior was that? To shuffle that game off to 790. And here's a team that's two points out of first place. The division, how do they regard them far quicker? A New Year's Eve. And nobody gives a crap. That's the one constant in this town. No matter how many times I go away, how far I go away, how many times I come back. It never changes. They don't give a crap about anything. Including themselves. And probably if they did, they wouldn't be here. Here's Pompidot Beach, hello. Hello, New Year's Eve. You have it, am I? We do. Boint in Beach, hello. Well, happy to help you, too. Sandee, you. What a change from yesterday today, man. Yesterday they put on a good act yesterday. They pretended they had material. Four solid hours. We actually had a show here yesterday. It was shocking. Every idea comes on today. But, Neil, I go back and forth between you and Howard. And think, you know, let's stick and what's not. And then I said, you know what? I'm just going to sit there and I would turn down the TV and I'd watch the game. And more often than not, he's got a great voice, but the guy gets more calls wrong than you could imagine. And you could just hear the mad dog, silence. And he just tries me crazy. And Bill's in for a whiffin' perfect. I would scream at him also. But he's not as good as advertised. He's definitely no uncle Neil. Happy and healthy to hear Neil. Okay, the send you thanks to the suck job, okay? See, Neil, it doesn't get it. They don't understand it. I'm not interested in sitting here and doing what he always claims that we do and talk about him and critiquing his performance for ours. I'm talking about our relationship here on this radio station. I mean, I thought I may end up including our poll. Or it is right there. I thought I made it very clear. And yet, as usually is the case. No matter what we get a lot of calls, we're just a few call them. They're making difference. They just don't respond to what I'm talking about. They got their own angle on it. They're all agenda. They refused to listen to the words coming from my articulate mouth. That's within F. Five, six, seven, oh, five. There must be something going on today. Maybe they're having an all day quick. Where could one's part of that could be it? Or maybe we just out of business. Here's Surfside. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I don't have a fact. There's to the computer to vote on the poll, but so far as Moogos. Keep it up. He's a bitter old man. He's got to do enemies now. Hank and Joe Rose, because they don't acknowledge his greatness. And a little dedication to Moogos. Or one here wonder, hairline by the cow fields. Okay. No, didn't they have another one? Moogos, the other cow cells hit. Here and there was one other one. The moon, the sky, the sun, the park, your ass and my nose. I don't know what the law will grow. Something like that. I like the cow cells. Yeah. They're okay. They're kind of like for the time. Inspiration for the parks and family. Like I said, I wasn't too crazy about either one of them. Oh, look at this. Here's our last call. It probably is the real call. I can't believe this. Every time I think I'm shocked in this town, I come back here and it's just a new shock. Here's Baltimore, hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Okay. I listened to you on computer every day. And I'm just curious about something. What are you sticking what is out when you swore you come down a Florida? And you see Mo and the Hall. Do you make eye contact with him? I never, I never see him in a hall. I've only seen a man in a hall like twice since he's been here because I'm usually not here anyway. But I very rarely see him in a hall. He's usually buried in that room there with the guilty. So he's by by each. So if you're in town, if you're in the building, he just completely stays away from him. Well, I mean, it's just we just very rarely encounter each other. And up until now, up until this last episode, I have always, you know, a good morning. And he, he gives me the back. And that's it, you know, like, hello and goodbye. I mean, it's clearly obvious the guy has in his mind, reconciled the fact that he is sinking at this point. He's probably going to get you to prop me up. I see. And I don't think he's the one at sinking. You're calling from Baltimore, listening on the internet. You're my only phone call. So I think I'm the one at sinking. Well, that is what I'm finished. I think George finished me off there during those long week. I, uh, sabotage what was the, was it been George? I think that guy had underlined his show, underlined the emperor. I got to tell you the truth. I gave George five minutes and I waited for you to come back. Yeah. But I think you got to stick by your guns because those bits are tremendous. And it becomes his expense. It's growing. Well, I'm not going to stop those. We're not stopping the comedy bits. Okay. Well, then you know what? There's nothing he can do to play. He threw the gauntlet down. You picked it up so it goes. Okay. One chance, one here. Gotcha. See you. Thanks. Okay. That's the end of our phone calls for the nice, being with it. I think two hour show is okay. Sounds good to me. I can handle it. Two hours like once you try so weak. Once a month. That's the end of your material. And you know the interesting part of it is, air-be-single pool that I've taken over last few months. That's involved his name and any way shape or form the response has been spastic overwhelming, unbeatable, indis, am I right? Indiscribable. Like they're just bursting with things that they want to say. And if you're I come on, we get caught off guard to redone a clock in across over. And these people are going to say about it. Let me ask you this. How about bilingualism? See, 567560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. I'm just, I'm just astonished. Shut! Are I? No, no, I'm not. But it sounds good. We got one call on that board. This is a crowd. And if we were talking about your sports crabmen, I want to hear a panther person that's pissed off as I end at this station buried at game on 790 last night. We're there desperate to try to get some asses in the seats in there and build up this young organization that my keenens do on a damn good job with, by the way, a hell of a job. And this station says, FAMM. And puts on a goddamn cowboy bull or last night from the orange bull. Just so they can get a whole bunch of spots on there and suck a bunch of money out of it. Here's Pompano, hello. Go, Jeff. Huh? Kendall, hello. Kendall? Hello, yes sir. How are you today? Okay, I'm doing fine, but the audience out there, I think, is doing the cool aid. Very happy to hear to you and say to you. Same to you. Quick questions. I'm interested in going to see a hockey game for the first time in my life. I think I brought it off for a birthday present. Yeah. I suggest a couple of things that I don't know where to go in the arena. And I think each of them, one of this speedy, either Toronto or Philadelphia, which one of these are better things to see? Well, I mean, how can I tell you that? How do I know how they are? I'm all I've heard. I've seen a hockey game, so I'm just testing in your business. Well, I think that both teams have 43 points right out, so they're identical in terms of the standards and Eastern conference. It's hard to say, I mean, I would go to see believes because I'm a Lee fan. Okay. And they're exciting team to watch, but then again, so we're to flyers. But again, and all the pens on the night, sometimes teams show up and they just don't, you know, they don't get off the bus. They don't play much of a game. So I can't tell you that. Okay. Wait, when they come in this Wednesday? So watch the game, which would have been, it would have been like a football arena where you want to be around a 50 year up near the top. There's a place close to a center races you can and is like midway if you can. And you usually most of the games you can get pretty much whatever you want. Okay. Straight red wing game Wednesday. It'll be so okay. Have a good time there, pal. Don't talk cocky on this station because we're anti-Somantic. What it comes to hockey. We hate it. That's what our, that's what they'll tell you around here. hockey sucks. That's what we've heard from one of our close personal friends. 115 votes on a full watch and deal do about mode during 2003. Still is here, P.S. 54. Stick by his gone Zignor. M.F. 29. Kiss and make up 18. Make peace 14. That's only 32 out of 100. That's only 28% not too good. 72% say F.M. Zimbalist Jr. Don't you, I like I said yesterday. I think we're just, this is a dry run. I think they're like saving juice on the transmitter. We're going to pretty good response. Consider you were not on the air. I think that's what they're doing. We're not talking sports here between nine and one. So what they're going to do is just shut the thing off. We'll run the spots and pretend that somebody can hear them. Well, let's talk about the game. You can hear him, can't you? Who? The spots. What? So who's fault was it? They want said or north turners? How do you like that? He got the names right. That's all I'm saying. We're doing sports on his show. That's what we want. Then we'll get some calls. We'll get that idiot from a little Havana. We'll get John as far as you're calling in. We'll get stuttering Steve. Now we're talking. Now we've got our own most deal on his goddamn calls. Two on at morning show. We'll put it old fart in his place. We'll see all five of those guys. One more. You left the house this morning. Notice how dirty your car was. You didn't have time to wash it. No, so-called car washes a gas station's can't get it done for you. I got a great idea for you. Take your car this weekend to University car wash and lube on University drive between Sterling and Griffin roads in Davy because they do it all. Full service washes, deluxe washes, hand washes, complete detail and rugsham pulling. Now at University car wash and lube, you can get unlimited full service car washes for his lowest 32.95 for the entire month. That's right. Just 32.95 for the whole month. You can get a wash every day if you want. Need no oil change. Get a complete quality pens oil oil change and free full service car wash for just 22.95 And you sign up for their free preferred customer card. So keep that new car shine all but along only from University car wash and lube. If you're a snowboard need to get that car looking to get stuff by University car wash and lube. Don't forget this weekend. Get the schmutz and gram off your car. Stop by University car wash and lube because they be the best. And you'll find them on. Where is it? I'm University drive between Griffin and Sterling roads and prestigious Davy like I said. I bet local this is five city. Three years old yours. I'm a QAM. Why the you best dude? I think this is the box shoes. Head up. One in the pool. We're the like your f**k you. Oh yeah. Box shoes. Head up. We're the like your f**k you. We're the like your fine looking fascist and perfect little Nazi. I want to build their coffee through your soil candies. This is the starting use looking slug and swing. Lacking your lips like a koker's roast beef. Box news hello. Oh oh oh. We really like your f**k you. Oh yeah. Box news hello. Oh oh. We really like your f**k you. We really like the f**k you. Everything about your adolescent. Do you bitch? I want to go. You want to go? Three ways. You're a f**k. You should have a f**k. You should have a f**k. You should have a f**k. Tell him to take some pros but they treat your f**k. I'll set in tastes like bubble gum. See you next time you need a story done. Since it takes us if bubble do make you come. Box news hello. We really like the f**k you. Oh yeah. Box news hello. We really like the f**k you. So remember that's fair from December 5th. Bush's number one. He's a cunning sociopath that I read on your back. Yes. Doug just sent it to me. Thanks Doug and Boca but we already did it. Thank you. He said if you already saw it, you know he didn't feel bad about it. He just trying to inform us. Okay. Keep us informed so we know what to be going on in the world. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. What should Neil do regarding mode during 2003? Still his hairpiece 58. Stick by his guns ignore M43. Kiss and make up 22 make peace 14. Only like 26.2%. View that relationship in a positive light. They like it. They like the hostility. Oh they do like they like the hate. I think it's not looking too strong you know. I think he may be a little bit late. I think it may be like a really kind of a lame gesture. Like somebody comes in and blows up the whole family with pipe bombs and guns and machetes and just buttiers the whole family then goes back outside and rings the door and say hello anybody home. You know it's just I don't know. Kind of a little bit late perhaps to be changing his tune. Here's a call from Columbus Ohio. Hello. How you doing? Home of the United States Trotting Association in the Ohio State Bucca. Yes sir. And you guys know you're playing from the National Chamber of Shipping at? Did we know it? Yeah. And? I'm tuned in on the internet and I don't hear you guys talking about it. Because this isn't a sports show so are you familiar with this show? I don't like it. Then get lost. Ascle. I'm tuned in and Huckabee not thought you don't see any play from the National Chamber of Shipping. No we're not playing for it. You're playing for it. You're going to get your ass kicks. Okay. It's going to be embarrassing. You guys couldn't win a fixed game. Okay. Except maybe against the girls team like me, Shigan. With a lot of luck there at the end. I saw that game. Is this incredible? That reminds me that that one voicemail we've got. Remember that? Yes. The uh... which one was that? Pist off and fired up. No no no no not the Pist off fired up. I'm not talking about home. Talking about the guy that was looking for a good sports station. He just came at a town. Which guy was that? Let me see. Did the scusted guy? Is that it? Maybe. I really hope he uses it on the ear. I've been looking to QAM now. Nah that's not it. Which one of those voicemails was it? I know what's on there somewhere. Not Eddie. Not the SEC guy or the filthiest thing. The first rating guy? No. Huh? Nah wasn't the first rating guy? Oh here it is. It's George Dissis Robert. I'm playing an out of town old time on business. Whatever. I was looking for a good sports talk radio station and happened to find the old Rogers. Be honest with you. Pistatic. Very pathetic. And this guy is... I mean if this is all you got. I'm on Sports Talk radio. It is horrible. So I definitely try to find somebody prepared. Yeah. And his whole GD thing. And everybody gets a higher number. One day we'll all face the Lord. All right. Have a great day. Yeah. Good. Yeah that's what I was talking about. Good old Robert. Same concept. Oh isn't this the sports station? See they're sitting up there in Columbus. And they looked up somewhere that WQAM is the sports station here in South Florida Miami. And therefore they want to call in like, Oh I didn't know. Don't you know, you know, go. Come here guys. I're talking about it because we don't give a flying crap about it. Okay. So in addition to which even if we did care, what's the point? It's a four-gone conclusion. I will tell you right now. I bet that guy Roberts life on it that University of Miami will kick the crap out of Ohio State tonight. Guaranteed. Take it to the bank. That all of Georgia's increase in his new contract on. I'm telling you right now. What a crock of crap. Here's a facts from Chris and Pemberpines. As soon as I punch that guy up, I knew we had no idea who I was, what they show us all about. Don't you understand? This station is going to like John I'm a son of a fan in New York in a morning. Is he doing a sports show? Oh, is he talking much about sports? Oh really? He's got a sports guy on there, but he sure's all don't talk about sports. They can't handle it, man. They've got to have the same crap around the clock. Every second, every minute of every goddamn day. Let's dissect the game. Let's go back. Let's take a shower together. Like that. Let's act like a bunch of pansies and heat together. Okay. Let's stick our hands under the quarterbacks ass. And see if Tom Brady's really got his big of a purse we thought he did. That sounds good. Anyway, says this is a long time. Let's do our feed. You should keep up the battle with Mohour David. His irreverent towing you audience must not be tolerated. What really blows me away is that he's convinced that his audience is somehow more intelligent than yours. Like his collars. They're like John and not that little Havana guy. Like a stuttering Steve. What's comical is that he doesn't have a clue what he's up against. I say bury him with several exclamation points. If you were to take a random sample of 10 list of his own audience and yours administered an IQ test, who do you think would score higher? In other words, whose train monkeys are smarter? Certainly not the Jimmy and Danny Morans has done all their time voting about a mean with football game. Now you're getting warm, Chris. Now you got your thumb on it. Anyway, please keep up the great work and thank you for the decades you spent bringing intelligent talk to listeners who've enjoyed your show over the years. Happy New Year, Chris and Pembroke Pines. It's so much more comforting knowing that you're back down here with us. Remember, Ms. Reload's company. I know this. I know this, Chris. I noticed by the overwhelming response we've had here today. Pretty damn lame. There's something about this place they don't want you to enjoy your life. You know? And that bit from almost one of the first calls I had one of the first day I did a show on Toronto. Oh, New Year's sounds so happy up there, you know? And it wasn't that he was pleased about that, you know? He was upset. He was upset that I wasn't pissed off and fired up because I was here. And because the people there are so goddamn angry about everything. They're angry. They're psychotic. The driving sucks. The football team sucks. At least the professional one anyway. Supposed. The heat suck. Panthers are doing great but nobody cares about that. Don't be really sucks. Do you mean any sucks? George sucks? Moes sucks. But that's beside the point. See, I think I got thrown off my game a little bit there. Maybe that was his plan. It was staggering. It worked. It's just, I almost went sideways right off the chair. I almost didn't hit the open. Almost spun right around like that guy in the talk radio. That's stupid ass movie that. Or, but goes. Oh, Eric, but goes in. The worst. Oh, here's a different guy in Columbus or maybe the same one. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing today? Okay. Good. Hey, I'm listening to you on the internet. Yeah. You've got a sports talk going on right now. No, it does not. What does it say? It says sports talk. What are you reading? What are you reading? What are you reading? It's 560WQ. And what does it say between 9am and 1pm? What else? I don't know. Well, I have somebody read it to you. Okay, you know something. I'm changing. I hope they're hurricane score 200 points tonight. Okay. He just made me into a hurricane fan. Oh. You moron. And of course, being a Michigan State person anyway. I hate Ohio State like what a passion. Do you on time I ever root for them as if they're planning their Michigan or Notre Dame? I hope they're hurricane score 400 points. And that's just before the first quarter ends. I guess I'm on a hurricane bandwagon, not because I'm a front running phony, but just because of idiots like him. He doesn't know what it says. Well, take a look at it. Like I said, have somebody read it to you. Somebody who might have a textbook. Okay, which probably they're right to many on your campus. You simple then. And by the way, Doug McLean says, don't even think about coming any of the hockey games. They won't let you win. Well, when I think of my good close personal friends Ray Whitney and Mike Sunj, you're after Toylut there in the course of your summers. You have to toylut there in Columbus with Doug McLean. With a bunch of knuckleheads. I guess maybe the hockey crowds that they're a little bit more knowledgeable than the football, the college football crowd. We don't have a sports show on now, Jack asked this isn't a sports show. It never has been a sports show. It's by far the highest rated show on his radio station. And you can take your goddamn buck, I didn't stick him up your ass. How do you like that? I hope the hurricane score 2,000 points. And I hope that the Coke relieves the whole goddamn first ring in their whole game just so we can run it up. We see that. You thought it could never happen again. Don't ever say never with me. Because like I said earlier in a show, always leave that one little thing back where I had that stroke years ago. I think it'd back in my brain there. The one in Greg is always picking out only he's got nothing in there. Can you believe? How do you like that? In other words, because he thinks he sees it on the website, first of all, don't be looking on a WQA and website anyway, Jack asked. This isn't a part of WQA, we're just sitting around here because it's a place to do the show. And they like the money. That's all. We have nothing to do. No relationship with the rest of this radio station. It's an island. Thank God. We got a real audience, not just about how those pickers want to argue. I hope the hurricane score 6,000 points. And that's been a great idea. We've got a real audience. I hope the hurricane score 6,000 points. And that's before the games that this before the tailgate parties end. Yeah. You shuck? Here's Pompito Beach, Hila. Hey, how you doing? Okay. What about Larry? Yeah, that's right, Larry. 4,000 points in a first two minutes. And welcome to the legends of the Coold. There you go. I'm officially proclaiming myself a Coold right now. He's actually a great guy. I'm the he Coolder. How tell you who I did like a lot? Who's a big fan of mine? What? I don't know what his name is. What the was the basketball coach? Uh, have you ever heard of it? No, no, no, who are kings? Oh, no, no, I don't follow them. Oh, I see nobody else does either. That's why they're getting a new arena tomorrow. The former basketball coach is scarcer coach. He's a good guy. Met him at the airport one time. He's a big fan of this show. But anyway. All right. Listen, there was an article in New York Times on New York Day titled Outflank Democrats. Wonder how to handle it. How to handle it. How to handle it. Did you read that? Larry Hamilton Leonard. Leonard Hamilton. Yes. What did I read? What? Did you read the article about how the Democratic Party is scouring the country for progressive talk show host? Hello. No, I did not. I think I'm the big fat tick bar and all of his right wing pal. No, I did not. Yeah. And they're looking. Yeah. They want to meet you. What do you mean the Democratic Party? What? What radio station is an Democratic Party on? What network do they have? Well, they're trying to recruit some talent. I don't know what they're talking about. But I don't understand. We could tell what to do. What station do they have? Well, are they going to build their own radio station? Well, they're talking about doing a liberal cable network. And they are also talking about recruiting talent like you. Yeah. Get out there. I'm satellite. And people see things. And you know what they said? Yeah. Because the reasons that those shows haven't worked in the past, like Mario Cuomo and a few others. Yeah. Because they talked about policy instead of being in your face. Right. Like you. Right. In your face and up your ass. Right. Do it. Okay. Thanks. This calm down. Stop living in dream world. Here's a facts from Mac. Good. Facts. It says. Shoot him in the legs. What's that? I'm not going to shoot him. Can you imagine pop it at Verkosvain? Oh, my God. With a rhino dart. Oh, geez. 5. 6. 7. Oh, 5. 6. The pound. The people man. I'll tell you. I think it's getting to you. In fact, I'm now more grateful than ever for the fact that about eight months out of the year. I don't have to live in this rat and fisted sewer of a toilet place. I think it's getting to these people. They've been here too long. Yeah. The heat. Even George enjoys going up there to North Carolina once a while just to get out of here. And if you can enjoy going to North Carolina, what does that tell you? I'll tell you. You might pay it. That's what I'll say. Every couple of weeks I drive up to two eggs just for a little breather, a little refresher on life. No, no. No, no. Oh, one egg. 15 to 5. 60. W.K. The number one Chinese buffet in the world is the Amulcoz. Let me show you how I attack the buffet at the Amulcoz for the knife or fork and a spoon. That's how I do it. And you should do the same thing. They have three locations for you. They're in sunrise, North Miami Beach, and their newest location in Pembroke Pines. The Amulcoz is a very good spot in the world. The Amulcoz is a very good spot in the world. And the Amulcoz is a very good spot in the world. And the Amulcoz is a very good spot in the world. And the Amulcoz is a very good spot in the world. And the Amulcoz is a very good spot in the world. And the Amulcoz is a very good spot in the world. And the Amulcoz is a very good spot in the world. And the Amulcoz is a very good spot in the world. And the Amulcoz is a very good spot in the world. And the Amulcoz is a very good spot in the world. And the Amulcoz is a very good spot in the world. And the Amulcoz is a very good spot in the world. And the Amulcoz is a very good spot in the world. And the Amulcoz is a very good spot in the world. And the Amulcoz is a very good spot in the world. And the Amulcoz is a very good spot in the world. And the Amulcoz is a very good spot in the world. And the Amulcoz is a very good spot in the world. And the Amulcoz is a very good spot in the world. And the Amulcoz is a very good spot in the world. And the Amulcoz is a very good spot in the world. And the Amulcoz is a very good spot in the world. And the Amulcoz is a very good spot in the world. And the Amulcoz is a very good spot in the world. And the Amulcoz is a very good spot in the world. So you can shovel it in your pants and make a little room for dessert. Because the dessert bar is out of this world. Pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream, And all your favorite toppings, fresh fruit even Be having watermelon. It's a perfect ending to an unforgettable pig out of feast. Don't forget they have three Amulcoz locations for you. Sunrise at Pine Island of 44th Street. Collins Avenue is north of 163 north-nami beach. And at the intersection of Flamingo and Pembroke Pines. The accept reservations take on delivery always available as well. Call 9-5-4-5-7-238-22 be sure to tell me that's skipy. To need to call 9-5-4-5-7-238-22 check out the New Oriental Chicken Salad 2 along with it. It doesn'ts and doesn't have other great goodies at the Amulcoz-T Chinese buffet. The Amulcoz is a very good spot in the world. We are supposed to be in 5-6-4. Do you weigh in? 5-6-7-238-228-228-228-228-228-228-228-228-228-228-228-228-228-228-228-228-228-228-228-228-228-228-228-228-228-228-228-228-228-228-228-228-228-228-228-228-228-228-228-228-228-228-228-228-228-228-228-228-228-228-228-228-228-228-228-228-228-228-228-228-228-228-228-228-228-228-228-228-228-228-228 When the pictures like this book is watch of the objects watch of the objects, this book will divide each and unseen inable for the mic decaying. He's smart, does they like? And you have the shoes underneath the of the way you wash and park the whiteies' cars. George Jr. said he trust you, God believe you. Who's the la la, of the greedy oil-wow? But then he make you clean all the white house bathrooms. The pussy, the toilet, and the scrubbed of the floor. They tell you, don't waste and don't. God, don't leave, Joe. I'm marketing it on stuff. Your coat, you don't make them all over the kitchen. You know you don't look so good anymore. I mean they get to the slack, it feels cold. If you feel what you feel that's so smooth. When they while you be fit in fat gays, maybe that's. That they're cleaning you just like your ester-room. That's when your head will move from touch to touch. You're going to leave. You're too good and from it. They be crack and asshole. Okay, here's the motto. It's a cute way to pluck the buck eyes. That's what we say today. Things are going to take their ass. Oh. Yeah, it's right. You heard it right here first. Even though we don't give a crap. Just because see this whole contrived thing. This goes on every time or some kind of a stupid championship game. And if punks in one city, they get on the phone. They find out where the sports shows are on the other market. And they call in and they start, we're going to kick you out. Yeah, if I was you, I'd be anonymous. Okay, special luck around the afternoon midnight tonight. What time is that game start? That's right. It's in temp. Good luck afternoon midnight tonight. You idiots. Here's the definitive facts that outs George once and for all. It says, hi Neil, why do you were gone? All George talked about was the Lord of the Rings. And look at Carlos laughing his ass off because he knows it's true. He was undermining the Emperor. See, we're just taking that poll to that guess for fun because after what he's done in this last year, you really think that there's an after I excoreated you yesterday about not even speaking to him. You think that there's any chance that just because he mentions my name, that I'm going to like to humiliate and degrade myself and bring him down to that level. You really believe that? Yeah, but what if he does it again? Scrum. As they used to say on a TV show, the FBI FM Zimbales Junior or FM. And you two up there, Columbus, Ohio, okay? I guess they got nothing better to do with that. What else would you do in Columbus, Ohio? Sit around playing Pinochko, playing with each other? That's what they're doing. They got, I guess they got exhausted from the pocket pool match and other like Colin Talks Showers. Oh, we're going to kick your ass. Call off the mad dog between one and three. See how long he has you on. Flavion for like a heartbeat. He's still busy trying to figure out what happened in the fourth quarter last Sunday's Dolphins Patriots game. I can't believe that I haven't played this yet. Haven't played it yet. Two days because never did it fit in. Hey. Stench of palmenor. Hover is over. This performance by the dolphin. Absolutely correct. Yep. That's what he said. He was pretty upset. Put 10 years on him, okay? Hey, North, tournament that day once said you guys better apologize to the mad dog because he really takes it serious. That's his life or at least part of it. And he really, really just aged him many, many years and he's just not the same guy. Not the same mad dog, we used to know what love. No wonder he ignores us, okay? He's wounded. He's like crawling into a shell and even lashed out at his partner Moe yesterday because now that the season's over. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. Did you notice that? All season long when he knew he had another game club that it worked together. Mad dog was kind of like, like that, you know? Didn't want to say too much. But not enough to season is over and I got several months before they have to like, be cohorts again. It's like, Jim Mandage, I am a pussy. Goes right out to window for a while. Here's a lady in Weston our first lady of the day. Hello. Hi, me, y'all. Yes, ma'am. You don't have to explain icing to people, I mean, oh yeah. Remember those, did? I sure do. Yeah. What happened to her? That was our one lady and she liked it. I guess that was her material. I was it. So that was a cutoff. What do you mean by that? Like her phone died. She changed cells and never came back. How do you know that? It's just the sound of it. Well, let's find out if that was never. You didn't get cut off, call me back because I'm sure. He must have some tremendous stuff to say. That's what George said. I think you could be wrong. Maybe she's going through that tunnel. She could be going through the tunnel right now. Maybe she's going over the George Washington Bridge with the bridge tender. 560, 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Line. I'll tell you, he sure has lasted. You know the bridge tender? He's got the same kind of longevity that I've got in this market. Not as much as Rick Shaw that I hear you picked on while I was gone. You said it admitted that this story. Don't be doing stories about our friends. If people we like kill people, we don't care. That's right. I just mentioned Bob's so per before. We don't hold that against him. I was an accident. Rick Sanchez, we do hold it against him. We're not like Ron and Paul. We're busy sucking everybody's ass. And he did hear about that. Remember that day? Had that facts up and run on there? And notice what I did? I ignored it. Today they had O.J. on their shirt. We're going to start promoting the Ron and Paul show. So you can hear all of our material again the next day. Because they had that scumbag. I say if it's imperfect on that show with Paul and young Ron or young whatever the hell it is. Young Paul and old Ron. No matter which way you put it, that station blows man. And it just brings a tear to my eye to think, how great that thing used to be. Back in the good old days when Zeta was like a real station. Right. And then big after Howard goes up, then they called it like classic rock to earth. What kind of crap is that? Classic clock is more like it. They'll play classic rock. There is no rock station. It's marketing anymore. Just remember the day that I did the thing. Of course you do about the bands. The best the greatest all time of American band. And I played a whole bunch of great stuff. Arrow Smith and Chicago and the doors. Were we already hear that here? What station plays any of that? V at one. No, seriously. What station on an FN dial plays that music here? None. So even the music that I want to hear, you can't find it. And you know magic, they're still playing the 1910 Fruit Gun Company. They're still playing a similar crap. And the righteous brothers, I get back in town. I get into my car. And the first thing I hear is a medley of gully medley and Bobby had to be on magic. And it promoting some concert they got. I sure what he's got nothing to do with that. Who the hell would want to pay to go see the freaking god damn righteous brothers that we heard those songs until we wanted a puke? Oh my god, you lost that love and you lost that living feeling when you hear their voices. Overplayed as an understatement. Mike, I'm rather have sex with Christina Agueler than hear them again. And I'd rather croak that even be the same room with her. I forgot that's right. I'd love you guys like mousey, broads. She's a mouse. If you want to get a date with her, just put a piece of cheese down there at the door, she'll be there in a half an hour. I got some cheese. Yeah, sure you do that's what we heard. That's the word is. That's what Carlos said. I was just asking lady calling back I hope hello. I'm sorry. What happened to you? Your phone must be a piece of crap. No, it's western. You cannot get a signal in western. Always in a legal to make a cell phone call in western along with everything else? Yeah, but farting is legal now. Good. There's one point. There's one point. Uh huh. As long as it's the right flavor. George was great. I heard all they talked about was Lord of the Rings. No, you know, the best day was when floods was on. No, what did they talk about? Well, they started out all-holy. George, did I tell them? Yeah, whatever. And that don't ask his permission. Don't be such a pussy. That's good. Well, it's going out really good. And they were talking about the old days. And I was getting misty and choked up. Uh huh. Like a trip down memory lane. And then some naked girl came in and ruined it all. High board brought a stripper. Uh. You know, you're the one a kid's honor. And Rips Ron and Ron for the crap that they used to do one in the morning show on. I wasn't his fault. It's high boys. It's at Fat, tub a crap. You know, something, I think what I'm going to do is I'm going to swap Mosher peace. I'm not taking Mowback. But I'm going to take Mosher peace for the new year and just get rid of fat boy. I'm right in him all for the new year. I've had it with him. Well, I've never seen him, but I want to. If you ever saw him, you would look at that and say, how can that thing be alive? And believe me, it's a mystery we still haven't solved. And another thing I want to tell you, but you already decided not to make up with Mow. Well, I mean, I haven't said that official, but I think it's highly unlikely. Well, just, it's, that what he did this morning doesn't make up for all right. Of course not. No, it's just, it's it. But it did have the effect he probably intended that is to catch his off balance. He, I'll admit that he certainly shot the crap out of me. Me too. And get you talking about him the rest of the day. Good. Well, we got to go stuff those lame ass numbers. They are so we're doing the best we can. And I make a simple request. Sure. Since the dolphins choked and died, could you play the cage a dolphin song? I've never heard it on the way. The cage, I think it's the good term, and when you're talking. No, no, no, cage is that one. He just sent it this year this season. He does? What's it called? Oh, oh. Well, I'll tell you why we're thinking about that. We'll play this one in the meantime. Okay? Okay. Have a great new year. You too. Bye-bye. My am, he has the dolphins. I got all choked and choked. Here's my buffalo kick some dolphins, but it was like a bad retream. I lost my shirt, I lost my mind. Now I'm in crow. Oh, oh, here's another version of a song that I've never seen. Of a song that really blows, yes, there it up. Cuts a, hoist all, then. Cuts a, hoist all, then. Cuts a, hoist all, then. Yes, there it up. Cuts a, hoist all, then. Cuts a, hoist all, then. Oh, cuts a, hoist, then. That number one. Yes. Oh, right. 1131, that'll have to do for not. And the KJ has a dolphin song? Yeah, that we played at words. Well, well, well, maybe he'll call him to me if he's listening. I doubt he's probably running around or block with his little daughter. He cares around his little girl like she's a prop, you know. Anyway, here's the fact this is, I know this is off the subject if there is any. There's never a subject on his show. It's whatever you want to talk about. That's why it's so frustrating to all of us here. That we have to beg and plead to get you to open up a mouth and say anything. Whether it's intelligence, stupid or in between, or moronic radiotic? It's called the dolphin's fight song. Oh, but what they'll happen to LSD as this, uh, Factor? Maybe George knows, but I miss it. I theory is that the hype of ecstasy is pushed it away. I'd like to see Jesus again, it says. Anonymous none in North Miami, which reminds me whatever happened to the ex none. Remember her? Right. Whatever happened to her? I don't know. Maybe she's an ex resident. What is it called? Dolphins fight song. I would say dolphin alarm. What is that? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I mean, it would fall playin'. Don't you make a sound. I'm just gonna wait no more if I can leave quietly. Don't let this happen to you. Today's national football league crackhead athletes are above the law. Protect your family from the horrors of unwanted NFL players in your home. With the new Miami dolphin home alarm system. I've never met a criminal. I didn't like it, and if they can catch the ball and run with the ball, There's something special take criminal athletes off the field and put them in a jail cell where they usually find God in the wife named I wrong The Miami-Duffin homilunches up see your local crack deal with the jail Miami has the dolphins there the worst football team They club the ball from goal to go like no one's ever seen All hair on the ground that's where they'll stay there never in control And when you say Miami you're talking toilet holders there the Miami dolphins Miami dolphins Miami dolphins number how many teams are milk 32 Miami dolphins Miami dolphins don't bet on them you'll always lose They don't know how to tackle they don't know how to block their coaches ought to tell them to put Then they in their jacks and they would run much faster and even in defeat When we go to the stadium we'll see Miami and there the Miami dolphins Miami dolphins Miami dolphins number how many teams are milk 32 Miami dolphins Miami dolphins The team that hasn't got a clue Miami has the dolphins but the dolphins have no fence just 50,000 assholes sitting in the stands They watch the game and all they do is mowing gripe and bitch I wonder how Joe Abbey got to be so goddamn rich and there the Miami dolphins Miami dolphins Miami dolphins number how many teams are milk 32 Miami dolphins Miami dolphins I hear the crowd begin to boo Oh The dolphins have faith-feetler that quarter backs that you pull down the field and he will pull up past over you I'll never win a super bowl you shouldn't be surprised when he gets cut that doesn't mean that he was Circumcised and there the Miami dolphins Miami dolphins Miami dolphins number how many teams are milk 32 Miami dolphins Miami dolphins J calls his signals and he brews The dolphins have no defense and their offenses at Joe Like George Bush eating pretzels You know they're gonna choke They'll always just stop point you when they're in a playoff race With fewer points than park marks on high singers ugly face and there the Miami dolphins Miami dolphins Miami dolphins number all what the hell 32 Miami dolphins Miami dolphins Miami dolphins now there's room I broke in through her bedroom window And Bobby ever took different loudwink But I did not do Was crippled But that ain't doesn't do if you play for the fish a grammar film for another discharge What the doubt out whatcup I wish you dark, you see. She'd be in bed with her of the f***. It must give the beast out of me to go filming now. Funny too, Bob figured we'd put that in there to round it out, y'know? It kind of fit. Thanks again, Hudson and Wayne, Wayne Arnold, the kid just came in, boy, did he blow up like a bull frog, y'know? He's been bigger, he's been bigger but man, he just, uh, who? And he said he's getting old, like me, we're getting old as what he said. Old and rickled, I think he's what he said. Well he's a fat, but he's a great guy, and we love you. We love you Wayne and you too, Hudson. It says George makes you sound like Charlton Hastin. He's the f***iest sounding voice on the dial, get a more macho-side, kick more bush-like, you say, says Floyd. He said he sounded like a pansy. But it ripping you and ask today, what's that all about? Something to do? I think it's from the heart, because when you're in South Florida, they hate, right from the heart. It's not half fat, that's the one thing it's not half fast. When they hate, they hate like with real sincerity. Like we hate Ohio State. In fact, that sounds like it's got like a nice rhyme to it, y'know? We hate Ohio State, and they're not so great. And if they're smart, they'll show up late, like in about the middle of the fourth quarter, it will be 40, 2000, for the Cains. Let's go Cones, baby. I'm getting meat, I whole hurricane outfit. But that sounds good? How about to the beastle hook me up with that? I'm starting to root for the Cones, I mean after I did you have him baseball on ear for six years, I was great if I say so myself, I was sensational. They used to love me in those days. There's some shirts back there. Get some, get some hurricane paraphernality, man, I'm on a bandwagon. I never thought that could happen. But the Ohio State Buckeyes man, like I say, pluck the Buckeyes, you guys suck. Call it up this station, start an at Simis up there when you don't even know what that was station's all about, but with his show is all about, what life is all about, you're a bunch of punks. And if I maybe ought to call off Arch-Sleece, do you can make a bet on a game tonight, okay? Maybe Arch still take any odds on it. Did he die or something Arch-Sleece? They were like, er, he go back to jail, something with him. What is a huge U of M t-shirt? What is that? Is that Al-Goldsteens or Fat Boys? What is that size XXXXXAL? Sturgy-L rolled XL? Good God. Yeah, I'll take it. I'll take any U M perfinare. I'm become, now the dolphins forget about that. Then it's gonna happen. I love my Patriots. Because they're often people just, they turn me off. Not the team so much. Although I will say back in the Iowa D days, then we all used to screaming, complain about getting into that stadium in a way that we're like a bunch of Nazis there because of Wayne. What is it? On the sleeve. That's, it's got a kind of right there. What does it say on the sleeve? You will. It says, National Champions 2001, to whatever it says here. We love the Cains on a show. I have the words are even coming out easy. I can't believe it. I thought it'd be ganging on those words if they ever came out of my mouth. But because Ohio State had two set-up calls here today from Columbus. A couple of real losers if we ever heard them. Three if you count the ones that's online for. Oh, there's another asshole on there now from Columbus Ohio. Hello, Bucki-Line. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, we're not all assholes up here. Good. Thank you for that. Where are you from? I'm from Columbus. You're from Columbus? Yes. It's a straight jacket. I mean, the yellow jacket, the red jacket. The red jacket. Oh, you mean the blue jacket? I'm sorry. I'm sorry. That's my good buddy Doug McLean and Ray, you're lucky you got Ray Whitney and Mike Sungear. Got him from us, man. You stole all those guys. Yeah, Doug. You should be down there too. Doug is great. Good guy. Good friend of mine, by the way. Yeah. He's a big buck I fan too. Is he really? He's easy. I love Doug. Give Doug a big kiss for me. If I give Ray Whitney a big kiss for me, I try to be a keeper in our way. Hey, oh, you really think it's going to be lost by this huh? You don't have me on the suit. I understand it when you're a fan. You know, you're always have a jaded view and you're hoping for the best. But don't you realize I mean, take a look at your quarterback for example. Yeah. Is he like a competitive boy that we can do or see? Is he like going to be able to compete in that game tonight? Wait, I don't have his experience. Please, he's margin. When you agree that he is marginal and best and embarrassing and worst? No, not at all. Okay. So what's your prediction on a final score tonight? I mean, he's ugly. He's ugly. He's ugly. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. He's got a bad haircut. He's a redhead. He's a small, I mean, can't do. I say Lee Lee Dorsey, remember him? Anyway, what's the prediction on the score? Well, it's going to be if it's in the 20s we'll win. A high-sadle win. If it's in the 20s. Yeah. That's what I think. Final score, Miami 52 Ohio State 9. They haven't played a defense like ours. Well, we'll see. They haven't scored 52 on. Well, let's see. Piper High, I think. Good luck, good now. Good luck. I'll see you at the United States, Friday and Association. No, you'll see how to dug and dug my buddies. Okay. Okay, go Bluejack. I like to Bluejack. It's got a good exciting team. They got a lot of good looking young guys on that team too. David, Baborney. But somebody faced all my friend Mike Lang that his name is Baborney, not Baborney. I was watching that game against the penguins when Whitney and Soldier were kicking ass the other night. And at Rusty Clesle that great defenseman. Was that good? I can play. I'll tell you, see, it's one thing when you look good. And you can look good in play too, like Ray Whitney or Tom Brady or Rusty Clesle or David Baborney. No more crab. Hmm? No, I already looked good. Well, I'll be eating while I'm trying to like eat here. I'm counting on you to fill the gap. Well, I've kids sounded okay. He sounded like a reasonable house to eat. Haven't fun with it. Not a prick like those other guys. Thanks a lot, Pal. We appreciate you. Whatever whatever it was. Let's see if I see it's a hockey fan. See the hockey people are the good people. And that's the problem with software. There were a few hockey people. That's where this is. So few good people. Because anybody comes on a year and says hockey sucks. He's an asshole. That's right. I don't want to mention no names. How's the pull coming to 101 votes? What should Neil do regarding mold during 2003? Steel is hairpiece 8743.2%. We should probably put another category on there. Rip him some mole. Wouldn't that have been cute? Yeah, let's put that on there. If you're listening, if not, we understand. Because we're eating too. Rip him some mole. I think would be nice category. Anyway, steel is hairpiece 87. Stick by his guns ignore him 65. Kiss and make up 27. Make peace 22. Yeah, we're from Samoa. Fill's a void and that pool. There's not one that you know what I'm saying for like an ongoing sliced job. For my good close personal buddy with a bad hairpiece. And they horrendous burrow close veins. Anybody Columbus know more how our David? No, you're lucky. We like him here though, because he's a nice fun gold guy. We like picking on old people down here. He's a fun guy. He's a fun old guy. Underlined the old part. 60 plus he's an old near Jew. Right up Georgia's alley. He hates New York and he hates Jews. 16 to know when you just relax for crisis. If you want me to put stop him in on that check or what? Do you know how fast I can be out of full with my watch. Show me your money bank. And did I mention I never even mentioned that story about how they screwed up my account. Watch over your bank sucks. I should mention that. You suck. They used to be a member of my good friend. Matt Corchoff, family bank. And they're going to take care of your personal. I love your madly, Miss Yubadly. I bet you don't have a hairlifter in this head. He had a big ball spot. He was a good guy. I'm good looking guy too. Got married though. But anyway, that was family bank and that was Republic Security bank. And then it was something else. And then it was watch over your money bank. Jesus. They make me almost as psychotic as Mitch Hirsch. Anybody remember Mitch Hirsch? Look at that nice yellow t-shirt that McGill has got on. Interesting that canary yellow t-shirt. Kind of like fits with his whole ambiance. Something about it. Hey, I'll tell you guys it's a colorful and that's my good buddy Tom Layman down there. And he's a very happy new year. And they say that from the heart. And they also want your money. And how I check out the area's biggest selection of 2003 GMC on voice. On voice ex-cells. You con. You con ex-cells. Like it says on a hurricane t-shirt ex-ex-cell. And Denali's. That's right. Nobody's got a bigger selection of these great cars. And vehicles then. Halle. Halle. It's also gotten on the beautiful selection of great pre-owned cars. Trucks and SUVs without a single lemon on the lot. And if they turned you down for credit to some other horseball. Ah, a car dealer. Have no fear because Halle is here. They'll cut you deal. So for the best selection and best prices on GMC SUVs. Neal deals and lots more. See our good piezons at Halle Potty Act GMC 134136. That's you us want to cross in the falls. They buy the way guaranteed the hurricane's a win tonight. Open seven days a week. What are you smoking about? Tom Layman guarantees the Cains will kick Ohio State. Buckeye S. They will be oozing bloody excrement from their butts when that game is over tonight. They'll have bloody diarrhea for a month. For more information call the Neal deal hotline S on the cars not on the ass. Call 1-Triple 8-534-4211. 1-Triple 8-534-4211. Don't forget to mention you heard about the Neal deal because you'll save even more just for having the balls to mention my name. Halle Pony Egg GMC who continue to say during 2003, we be professional grades. And we must have a chance to do it. This is 40-50. You way am. Ah, two sets of lengths. Oh, you left your cell phone in your way in a row. It's a little bit so full. There was. We didn't shake there. I think we should start that over. Well, I got to put that on the air because if there's still listening, they can turn them out and come back and bring them out more food. We can ponder so. Back in the day when someone done a strong. We didn't take their crab. In Pearl Harbor, when the japs dropped their bombs. We fumb them bad. And how the Saudis, they hit us hard. And on our cards, our little flags wave. As that's all you love and retired voice of honors the wrong way. For the roots, and oven barrows to be in America. Where they find the worst light sheets. You'd die in the state of America. And by Bush and his family, we'd dig up this hungry. Up, heavily yorked to darkest days, and I just could breathe. I don't want to be a taxa-mariner. In the goddamn USA. What's a few thousand innocent lives? Stop living in the mess. If you want that SUV to drive, you're gonna need more gas. If slug your righteous country in the world. They train us to lose. How can somebody... And anyone who says that obviously. And afford to be. And not embarrassed to be in America. Where we take three of it, please. We have flagged one hand with our head in the sand. And lightly follow the powers that we have ascended. Up, Washington State from yours. On a 60-by-inch screen. Back on scratch or falls and fall. Everything's okay. In the goddamn USA. Okay, it's 1151 at 560 WC. The man dog Jim Manage from our great-off-and-tight-end. He's got a ring, baby. He's got one of them super-roll. Rings on his thing. I just mentioned after those Columbus State punks that are left. Can you believe that? Did I say Columbus State? Might as well be. Then that sounds like a girl school Columbus State. Can you believe they're listing? But also something probably be good from their final. What are we all radio shows all about? They don't got this in Columbus, Ohio. I'll guarantee that. Do they? Don't know. What kind of, what are you talking about? Do you think they got great talk radio in Columbus, Ohio? Hey, I wouldn't be surprised. They think I got a guy that says asshole on radio in Columbus, Ohio? Because if he did say it, they probably all said, yeah. They probably answered to it. You know what I mean? That's bad. We love your Columbus. See, we're not going to play that game. Actually, it's not a bad little town Columbus, Ohio. It's got like not such a little town either. There's like 3 million people with about a 2 block radius. What? They're in there. Cincinnati. Now Cincinnati. And it's not Columbus. They say sucks. They both suck. Cleveland. There's no white people there. You out of your mind? Cleveland is like just overtown spit out of our big gigantic thing on a lake there. With a snow and crap. I saw some wall-eyed white people driving through there. In fact, I think a lot of southern blacks that got like lost. They all got sent to Cleveland. As punishment for being in a wrong hood. I'm just trying to eat lunch here in my mouth business. Okay. 221 votes on the mole pool. Uh, Rippem's some mole is already got four votes. I'll get some votes. Stigles here at peace 95. Stick by his guns. Ignor him. Neal should 71. Kiss and make up 29. Make peace 22 and Rippem's some mole four. I's going, Eric. Thank you. I don't believe any of that stuff yours is about you. Don't forget to join the big and the QAM prize patrol tonight. Starting at four this afternoon at Hooligan's in the day line. Puzzle for the official QAM Cains festival watch party presented by Miller White. See, I think I want to thank the assholes from Ohio State. You want to know why? Why? Because the festival that started all of that crap. The Jimmy Johnson stuff was like 15 years ago. 1987. And that was shameful. And I'm going to happen then it lost a game. Did they lose the game to Penn State that year? See, what am I asking him? He knows nothing. They lost the game to Penn State 87. That old Joe paterno, Joe Pa. And we're now how the day come from after all these years all of a sudden he's Joe Pa? If he was coaching at your ship, would he be Joe Pa? Oh, George were like Columbus for one reason. They don't let him use the news in there. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's a call from Naples, hello. Hey, Neil, I got it from Ohio State before, and for chair or... Yeah, I think that's what he was talking about. Yeah, definitely because I see a lot of older Naples for miles there at Puzzle Ohio State flag now. Are you kidding me? I thought I wanted to know. Oh, how do you, how do you press him? I know, well, you know, I got my cablescullers out and like my emergency kind of everything out here. Of course, the BFF's human that gets the Gator fans are real quiet now. I got my official QAM Pericles T-shirt, even though I could have put it on because it would mess up my hair. But I got it like spread out in front of me right here. Good to know, not a secret anymore, the can, again. Go Cains, baby. Alright, this is it. Alright, see how do you like that? That was easy. I mean, it may have taken a long time, but see if I wouldn't have done it like overnight, it would have been insincere. Do you know what I'm saying? What do you say? I'm saying quit the eating over there and pay attention to God. They make sure I'll stop that check faster and you can say a Mosa douchebag. The Mosa silly old man for the bad bad hairpiece. So I see Miguel is in there eating free food now too, huh? All of our good friends stuff. I want to get free challenge there. Thanks, and you know, we always say it and sound so tried and gratuitous on here, which we don't like being tried and gratuitous. We like telling it like it is and riff and ass on a show, but every time that Wayne or Hudson from all Wayne or Hudson from Wayne or Hudson from a Wayne or Hudson from a Wayne or Hudson from a Wayne or Hudson from a Wayne or Hudson from a Wayne or Hudson from a Wayne or Hudson from a Wayne or Hudson from a Wayne or Hudson from a Wayne or Hudson from a Wayne or Hudson from a Wayne or Hudson from a Wayne or Hudson from a Wayne or Hudson from a Wayne or Hudson from a Wayne or Hudson from a Wayne or Hudson from a Wayne or Hudson from a Wayne or Hudson from a Wayne or Hudson from a Wayne or Hudson from a Wayne or Hudson from a Wayne or Hudson from a Wayne or Hudson from a Wayne or Hudson from a Wayne or Hudson from a Wayne or Hudson from a Wayne or Hudson from a Wayne or Hudson from a Wayne or Hudson from a Wayne or Hudson from a Wayne or Hudson from a Wayne or Hudson from a Wayne or Hudson from a Wayne or Hudson from a Wayne or Hudson from a Wayne or Hudson from a Wayne or Hudson from a Wayne or Hudson from a Wayne or Hudson from a Wayne or Hudson from a Wayne or Hudson from a Wayne or Hudson from a Wayne or Hudson from a Wayne or Hudson from an Wayne or Hudson from Wayne or Hudson from a Wayne or Hudson from a Wayne or Hudson from an Wayne or Hudson from a Wayne or Hudson from a Wayne or Hudson from a Wayne or Hudson from Wayne or Hudson from a Wayne or Hudson from Wayne or Hudson from an Wayne or Hudson from a Wayne or Hudson from a Wayne or Hudson from a Wayne or Hudson from a Wayne or Hudson from When I did a Wayne or Hudson from a Wayne or Hudson from a Wayne or Hudson from a Wayne or Hudson from a Wayne or Hudson from a Wayne Or Hudson from a Wayne or Hudson from a Wayne or Hudson from a Wayne or Hudson from Wayne or Hudson from Wayne or Hudson from a Wayne or Hudson from a Wayne or Hudson from Wayne or Hudson from Wayne or Hudson from an Wayne or Hudson from Wayne or Hudson from Wayne or Hudson from a Wayne or Hudson from Wayne and Birds from a Wayne or Hudson on the Wayne and Owen from Wayne from Wayne or Hudson and Untersttzung from Wayne or Hudson and Pitt from Wayne you reason why liked program from Wayne or Hudson from Wayne or Hudson from Wayne How's everybody J.P. doing by the way? Harry. Yeah, he is. Except on his head. I heard he's meta-herrient. It's, I love it. I remember that song by Barbara Streisand, Sto-Dion. We're gonna do what about J.P. called Harryen. And don't call Voka Brian and it says a joke. Just a joke. God, you and I crazy lit what you got from the 50s. When he started talking about the life of Raleigh, it's that I had a run out of here. Yeah. See people think I make that stuff up. This is a, we love him. He's creative. He's a panic. He's funny as hell. But he is mentally stuck in the 1950s and early 60s. He's a walking time capsule. Yeah. He's like with James Derener. He's kind of the time time or whatever. And he'll have a stupid movie was. Three minutes before now. What's the judge doing here? This is the Danielle. Remember what the hell's the guy's name? Third. To determine what the, the decision was contrary to law or the evidence. I was presented. I know that. David Westfield. Fourth. I'm going to copy it on the record. Four little Danielle. I am making. Why is that judge making? No pussy footing around, baby. And try his ass to direct. And don't forget to look on our website for that story from CTV about the pot charge being thrown out against that 16 year old kid. It was around Terry on Canada's one step closer to decriminalizing popping this motion is to re-way independently. The evidence of aggravating and mitigating evidence. It works the motion in the basket. Nice. Whether in my judgment, the weight of the evidence supports the jury's verdict. The court in this circumstance must only consider the evidence that was properly presented to the jury. So even though I've heard a lot of material over the months preceding the trial, I hear that you're back in the lobby setting if that's working. You're having a copy of the court's name. You're having four. Have a bad New Year. And that which the jury heard. The court under this circumstance must not allow the presentation of additional evidence, nor allow victim impact statements, nor review any probation reports, all of which this court has not done. Yeah. In addition to that, the court may not contrast this case with other cases in which this court has imposed the sentence of death. Yeah. With this over you, the court will now recite its reasons as required by law as to the motion brought. Please, but do what's sometimes fast. This court has independent all the evidence presented. I have to worry about trial. We got lots of time to see arguments of counsel. It is not the court's intention to list every item of evidence and all arguments presented that were considered by the court. FNA. For the purpose of stating the court's reasoning, this will be a recital of the principal factors that most powerfully informed and influenced the decision at hand. Yeah. The circumstances of the crime and the special circumstances. The circumstances of this case and this crime by his ass, Judge. You have a heavy leg. Do it in favor of the, I love the simple, a big, serious verdict of death. The victim, Daniel van Dam, age seven, was taken out of her home. And I already says at a bottom of the screen, Judge denies motion to dismiss. What's all my footness on here for? He's just going through all of the ruby, the ruby of jubbing, the justified case. Well, I guess you guys up there at Columbus, Ohio never heard a radio show where they say asshole on a ear, huh? Looking at mirror. You'll understand what we're talking about. Final score, University of Miami Hurricanes, 42,000, six and, what is it? Ohio State, I want to keep calling on Columbus State. Ohio State, buck eyes. Unbelievable. Oh, zero. 622,000 to zip to zilch. I would've voiced my time showing up there if I was you guys. All the way out there in 10p. And I'm really that if you're such big gung-ho fans, how come you're not out there in Arizona, you asshole? You're sure not three-nanny textbooks. In fact, I guarantee that if there's one group of guys that the university in Miami football team has read more textbooks than it's the whole campus there at Ohio State. And they got crappy uniforms, too, okay? Put some color into what, all right? Jesus, it looks like they're faded. Like they can't afford new uniform. Does there are uniforms of crappy? That awful old like white and gray and dank brings back memories of our sleigh through. Just punch it as brains out. I wonder who has been on the other team. Min and after noon at 5.60WQAM, hey, if you're tired of paying for even making dinner, then come out to Pompatopark, this coming Monday, January, six to get a free spagan there. Let me send again, free spagan dinner or it gets back this Monday, January, six to Pompatopark. But every Pompatopark program purchased after a six p.m. this Monday, you get a coupon free, spaghetti dinner on the fourth floor, players lounge. You get a salad rolls and butter and a plate of pasta with marinara sauce. And if you don't want to program, you can still purchase a coupon for just two and a half bucks. Life doesn't get much better than that, especially down here in this God for second place. Free parking, free admission, great racing and free spagan dinner. This Monday, only January, six to again, welcome to a Brian Sears to the driver colony. I sure hope you stick around Brian. It's he greater what, love you, Brian. And Mickey McDick, a nice gun, Mickey, can't believe it. You don't even finish fourth anymore. Monday, madness is back at Pompatopark with a two for $25 full course dinner at the lavish top of the park restaurant every Monday night. And of course, Wendy Dandard Pompatopark is dollar night with draft beer hot dog, so it is in lots more on your bucket piece every Wednesday. Pompatopark, free general parking, free admission, every day and night for live racing. And of course, I'm alcasting every day of your life starting a new and all the way to the midnight with harness and the highlight and third word racing from all around the country. Post time, 715 for live racing Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday, like tonight at Pompano Park. Bye, Brian, local, and we are sports radio 560s, you and you, A.M. Farrah, it beat at 12 the world out on WQA. My anus, black, my anus, my anus, my anus, my anus, my anus, my anus, my anus, my anus, my anus, my anus, my anus, my anus, my anus, my anus, my anus, my aus, my anus, my anus, my aus, my anus, my anus, my anus, my anus, my anus, my anus, my aus, my anus, my anus, my aus, my anus, my anus, my anus, my anus, my anus, my anus, my anus, my anus, my anus, my anus, my anus, my anus, my anus, my anus, my anus, my anus, my anus, my anus, my anus, Well, since age 12, it seemed like I always smell like Bunt ripping gases and dooms was pretty swell I got pissed off when I put my jeans off and fought on so hard to my underwear backwards Like Chris Crosse and every night I'm like, oh, dinner's bad Then fought at my ass, passes a fat bitch who ain't too fat Smell this honey, you'll be the way to mess the world Cause I don't give a fuck, God sent me to speak the world up My aim is... My aim is... Black Omen My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... Well, I can see you want to meet kicked out back in Jolie Harz The problem was something, pro-not my ass and die I shot him in the face with my vapor The worst happened later when I covered his death with use toilet paper Walked in the strip club, my intestines were filled up Moves the bartender took a dump in a tip curve Went over to a dancer, had a fucking agar She lifted a leg up And I knew she was a father Not enough to send him out alive, I was lied to I just found out my mom got home gas and I knew I told her I'd go up to be a famous rapper They corrected about strange noises Made on my grandpa You know you were a dirt when the women rushed to leave They tried to hold her back but she wasn't even relieved This guy at White Castle set him was pretty cool But I had to go, who dropped the kids off and the boo My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... So not this game in Gretlously Here we're to pull him at the 440 We're gonna kinda know how I'm rode the road He's all backed up because the starting gate He'll go a horse starting gate, I guess from Gulfstream Yes, throw off it is blocking the highway there 441 in Camelon Road Thanks for the warning, Greg Boyd Egg Greg out to this heavel out the input in the show No, or what? Without him we could never do this Get a haircut, Greg, okay Even John Gerer said you look like a goofball He said that what's his name had it right What tells his name are good close personal friend Orange and you're in friend I thought Bob for move, that's right I'm not a mind Boy if you could have heard those stories That didn't answer that night it would make it made new hair grow In places where it's illegal But he told me that story about the whole beastly family Crawling up that tree with that kid with a band Jo I mean that was just amazing 560, 560, POM560 on the AT&T And Verizon Wireless Line Even John Gerer says he can win our rolls today Everybody came in and see us, this is good today Great, you need a couple of needy burgers I'm sitting here eating mine without the bread For it was in your 40 times today And our other close personal friend Troy from Balance for life Wouldn't you think since he's kind of to get me back on that program again He would facts me the sheets so I can fill him out or something like that So I can choose pick and choose See he's afraid now the Jeff Cohen taught me the secret of that To pick like you know ten of the same thing that something that you like As opposed to the Boba Genouch Things like that so he's a Now we got another call from Columbus another buck eye Hello Yeah, suck this Man that wasn't from Columbus anyone I was a very sad so we apologize for that audio buck eye people up there We're positive. We have a lot of morons down here He said something about his busy sucking 560, 560, POM560 on the AT&T And Verizon Wireless Line Here's a call from Miami, hello No, yes sir I am a buck eye but I have four chillies down here I'm from Cleveland, Ohio There are white people they believe it or not And Cleveland is a beautiful city Is it happen in the coupsage Well I was over there last the most my wife And it was great down down and by the stadium And everything the flats He's to call the mistake by the lake But now they turn around it's beautiful Well good to be away Might be too busy Always like that little dentist because since it's wasn't he tomorrow there The mayor? Mm-hmm I have no idea what he was doing to me But anyway my prediction for the game is Or has five six We don't want to call up the sports nerd shows It make predictions on a game Okay, we don't do that on his show This is not a sports show By the way, here's my prediction for the game What is with this all they're spastic today You notice it's either feast or fan on his phone We have four million open lines in an hour to kill I guess they're upset because we're eating on the ear again Well you know what tough tough to eat That's what we say to bad We enjoy eating on the ear Especially when it's when it's like this What's wrong after all these months to be away Everything? See that? Excellent! Outstanding! 2402 votes on a poll What should Neil do regarding? Modering 2003 Still is here piece 99 Stick by his guns ignore him 73 Kiss and make up 29 Make piece 25 And rip him some mole which was a late edition 16 It's moving up the ladder Here's a lady in Davy Hello Hi Neil Yes ma'am I came to the rumor actual I've heard a couple rumors That's such a guy What are you talking about? Says was just on a show the other day Was he out? I've been on vacation from the rumor Yeah okay well go drink and go have another one Okay Oh my god And these people off their rocker We apologize to the people on Columbus by the way You sure got this town beat No matter what the final score of the game Life is more than a ball game See this is you know That's a very good point that's being made with us And that is that a lot of people in this town With like that asshole that called mad dog Are we blessed on here mad Jim All that crap Trying to make ball games into a substitute for like a real thriving and living place Would living and breathing people on to the age of 100 Which this is not So I don't care if you have him wins by 74,000 points Which I hope tonight But the fact that the matter is that changes nothing And it's a crutch for the people here to hang on to Because we got too many people like this last drunken bitch We have one call on the board If you start with that thing with a fool I'm going to have a nervous breakdown 567560 pound 560 and by the way Carlos have a nice weekend Goodbye Let's get all these people out of here already How you know go away See ya They just love to show so much they can't leave you know They can't get out of here See ya say goodbye Bye Carlos Thanks for the cane's t-shirt Go Cains go away Ha ha ha ha Man This is see I yesterday was like marvelous marvelous There was nobody in a building And now today and I thought I don't like a lot of the john jerseys Good guy we love Carlos but now it's turning into another guy named parade in here And poor Georgia sitting in there feverishly try to do his job at least for one day So I don't cancel a check And and they're all like bugging him you know I've got a bag of e-cats sitting there in like screen he's tremendous number of calls were getting And do a justice to this program and pay attention to what I'm saying for the occasional A verbal intercourse for the interplay Like Tom jikas is not that he's like an equal partner on a show He's never a little Tommy wrote yours is an equal partner on a show Something like that I want to give you a kiss Yeah that's for you Tom right in your ball spot You know that Tom jikas got a fine looking young son I'm a see young he's like 25 probably 50 by now Yeah he's got a good looking kid He does that's why Tom is nervous Here's Miami. Hello Hey welcome back you relentlessly Thank you so much Hey you relentless caller Hey could you do me a big big fan Anything you want man I'm in a bit in middle of it No I'm not gonna say that in lunch here wait for him today I want you to play that he rose bit The funniest Pete rose bit Yeah I'm gonna go in my disc because it's long and it's funny Okay I'll find it for you Second to newest With the writing on the sleeve this one One yeah and what is it called it's one of the last tracks on there It's the Clark New Year's Eve No that's the idea I just mong a white hot on a microphone here The other disc Ah, with the writing on the back this one here Yeah Let's see nice tight sweater all the way to end sort of Oh, see like it rose That's a butt light and Pete rose. Okay I don't get how many take oh get a what great ball come out on a one word I mean either Okay, let me cue that up. Cut us at George 24 It's cut 24 won't get to it momentarily. Okay, just relax 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T Can you believe that I just I just held my finger on it button there and I turn it look It was 24 Wonderful. We're taking four breaks for this hour right? We are well because you took like fewer You dropped a couple during the course of the show. We're taking four breaks this hour My I And this is for radio 5 60 2 Yeah What just happened that was a short break was a 10 second spot and it was the enemy no we're not that For time we went on apologize for Joseph Gank face ball commissioner But silly is thinking about lifting Pete rose his lifetime van from baseball here now is a conversation between the commissioner and Charlie hustle The Rose Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Hopefully we can work this out and I can lift this lifetime band. Oh, yeah. Yeah, I know I I also is it's going to be great I want to make sure you do the right things you clean your room Yeah, yeah. Clean the room Make the garbage out. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So come to close off the floor Okay, thank you. Sure. He closed my hand for uh huh. You get rid of that moatry. Stood just here. No, no, thank you Still have that hair? Yeah, yeah, I'm gonna be a problem. No, I know, but I love it. I can't kind of a foil roll boy Yeah, no, but it really suits me really well. You're not betting anywhere right pick. No, no, I'm clean I've made it better. Oh, what 20 years? 20 years been a long time. Yeah, they don't better at all It's the one. It's the 10, 10, 10 tells me huh? What's the one you're not with down on the only field first? What if you don't do it? It doesn't do I am Oh Just go it Oh He sounds like you're getting beat up. No, no, no, no, no, I'm TV TV. I'm watching the matrix I'm talking to TV now, but all right, I want to make sure you're all cleaned up You know, I want to get you a pillow I want to get you in the hall please I brought it Oh, but what's happening? Love you What? I want to get you in the hall, you know Yeah, yeah, yeah, I want to get in the hall too. You don't love to me. What? Never mind Oh 1000s on the count way to get some giant Oh Sounds like you're being pummeled over there. Well I thought what's the matrix on a TV? I did I turn that down and I put up the radio What's that new series satellite radio? You know the one with the digital quality Really, I don't never work stupid What So you're cleaning you haven't been betting no, no, I've made a bad mood. Oh, no, no, no, no, no You still have that here. I got to hear I'm not making any bets. I'm clean nothing gorgeous What I want to get you know. I want to get a nawet okay, well all rev  like 2 or 3 days right Will just don't call me that I'm gonna be away for a couple days Oh Wait I don't want to go on here again we made verifants to the mole the mola-howered haircut. I'm getting pound. Yeah, that's why I wanted to hear it. It was okay, Kills him good time. I think I'm finished with lunch. I didn't eat all of it, but you know, enough is enough already. There was enough in there for the Chinese army, for the North Korean army. 560, 560, pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Here's a call from Hollywood. Hello. Here's our last call, Papadoh. Hello. Yes, sir. I didn't jask the cake on Columbus. Beats me. I think that's where you did that for real. Huh. I got to spend some, I heard he spent some time in Columbus. Yeah, but I'm most of the town's okay. Thank you. I said to these people, I'm sure tickled with their own material. And nobody has any idea what they're talking about. You know what I'm saying? Uh-huh. 560, 560, we got a whole open board on here. Now in 40 minutes to go and he'll mad dog time. Maybe it's just the day to leave early, you know? It's one of those things. Now one call of gratitude, but now we had the one guy. For my java on a hurricane, I'm not a bad wagon jumper. It's just that I'm finally throwing in my allegiance. Not that they needed. That that'll make any difference. And like I said, I'm keeping it in total perspective. That a sports team winning the national championship doesn't make this any less of a horse and buggy town than it is and always will be changes nothing. Here's Boca, hello. Boca. Yes. Yes sir. Welcome back to Florida. Thank you so much. I've awaited you to come back for one reason and I don't know if you know about this and there's been very little publicity about it. On December 17th, there was supposed to be approximately 50,000 people in the United States that had taken their citizenship test to be sworn in. Yeah. I'm friend in Washington, Mr. Bush decided a week before that these 50,000 people would not be sworn in the citizen. Yeah. Be an investigator. Wow. He's a dictator. So leave Malono. Can I not want to talk about politics today? Okay. What is Mr. Bush this? We know what he is. You can smell it. Now let's see. It says if they win, we'll have folks from Columbus riot again. Now that's right. I forgot about that. I should have congratulated those bug guys. I know it's great riots that they had in burning the cars and carrying on in the streets. Like a bunch of wild animals. It's a tradition. I don't think they have to worry about it this time. Maybe they'll do it because they're, they lose so bad. It says why do educated employed white people right when they win a ball game. Oh, this is WWE well in Del Rey. Have you been asked any review and ask yesterday? Not WL. WWE well in Del Rey. I think he took a shot at you George. It's a new passing fancy. And boy, the difficulty I've had in getting a phone calls here today, it's pretty obvious that you blew off about 80% of the audience. They'll take me six months to get him back. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Where's the enthusiasm? Where's the excitement? Even we got assholes calling from Columbus for Ohio State today. And what are you people doing? You got your finger up your asses usual. You guys have to record Columbus. Okay? Just no matter what the score it again tonight is kiss your lucky stars and each other's ass that you're not here. That's my best advice to you. Just kiss the ground that you're not here. Man, what a place. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Lady in Miami. Miami, ladies. Lady in Miami, ladies. Yes. That's me. Okay. All right. I want to tell you something's going to make you happy. Yeah. You want to hear it? I'm listening. You're like turtle. I agree. And. Yeah. Okay. Go to public. No. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon. Are there anybody in this town who's not drunk today? Jesus Christ, all the women are drunk. There you go, guys. There's your signal. Funny, but that looks human grab it. They're all drunk. They're all just plastic out of their minds. I don't want to know where Nestle is turtle. She's trying to kill me this bitch. I don't want to know where to have a find it. Like she's doing me a favor like they're woman to keep bringing me those damn smarties to the hockey games that I kept telling her. Don't bring me those. I'm addicted to sugar, honey. I'll eat them and it makes my head swim in my blood sugar, six, seven and it am diabetic. You can, as you keep bringing them and bringing them. I go to close Lady friend from Toronto. I got some of my Arab connections up there looking for you sweetheart. Here's sunrise. Hello. Hey, what's up, Papa? How you doing, sir? How you doing? Okay. Hey, happy New Year to you, and to you. You know you, my boy dog. I just want to fall in love with you, man. Let's talk. That could be the worst color we've ever had on this show. And then it includes all of them. It includes Eddie. It includes everybody. Even a bridge tender. Yeah, that could be the worst call. Sir, Mark that down. Okay. Mark it on your sleeve. A Mark of extinction and distinction in your life. Perfect. And you know something the best cause we had today were from Columbus. Here's Hollywood, hello. And Neil, I just want to tell you, I hope my M1s too, but for a different reason. So you don't get all the same golf and fans wanting about my M2. You know, this same, anyway, well, they say, I wanted to defend George also. Yeah. George did a fine job. Let me ask you something if they, if they lose the game that I which won't happen, but if my M2 did buy some chance to lose the game, you think that somebody will call mad dog on Monday. Say, are we cursed down here, Mad Dog? Aren't we cursed here, Jim? To lose two clutch football games in a matter of days. That that that could have been the most unbelievable call in the history of everybody's life. Aren't we blessed down here, Jim? Oh my god, get a life. You pathetic, juxtaping jackass, you, man. I'm not talking about the color. I'm talking about that other guy. That called Mad Dog. And of course, if Mad Dog would have had a big pair, which he doesn't any more since Mo came to town, but if he would have the big pair of use to have he would have told it got the same thing about what a silly assie isn't. It's only a bunch of ball games. Are we blessed down here? Yeah, we're blessed with illegal aliens. With massive unemployment, with all kinds of slums, with people who hate each other like poison, with all kinds of goddamn old people who hate life, who want to chase anybody in the age of 500 out of their condo complex and out of town preferably, as far away as possible. But under net aren't we blessed? We loved a panther. Come on, let's go. What do you say, huh? No. Oh. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. Welcome back to the level. You're in. Yeah, I was talking about going down the mountains. I was out there the day and I figured I'd be able to make it up there. I'm going to make it one of 35 and put on some slum there. Putting on hip-hop music. You're anything or felt with that? Yeah, it's one of three point five hip-hop. Turn it on. You're love it. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, are you doing the old? Okay. All right, you first time calling, man. You rock well. I want to tell you, you know, most really brave talking to a crap about you when you were gone, huh? Yeah. And now that I'm back in the building, he's mentioned to my name. That's a good point. Good point. You know, they really talked a lot of crap when you're gone, but I was a big. You say, you know, when you're in Totti, says something. Good point. You know, you go anyway. Just want to say take care of happy New Year, take care of Duke. Okay. That's an excellent point. Isn't it? I thought I'm back in time. I don't think it's just a coincidence. Anybody out there believe it? No. Well, but it was good talking about it though. It kills some good time. We enjoyed it. We'll see what happens Monday. You know, we'll see what happens Monday and on a clock and the big crossover. Maybe you'll actually come in here. We'll do a crossover. What do you think? No, over Georgia's dead body. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Sandia. All right. But I could totally understand what you're saying about the crazy down here, man. I'm driving right now and just the hate. Everything that you're saying, how people are just in considerate, uh, so much racial tension, just tension in general. I'm getting ready to get out of here. I'm going to California for two weeks for some training for work. I'm looking forward to you, man. You're lucky. I want to tell you one thing. If it doesn't work out with you and Mr. Mohal, I think you guys should have a boxing off. Go to one of those amateur things. You guys put on two sets of gloves and get two of it because I don't think there's going to be a crossover like how you and, uh, hey, Goldberg used to do the crossover. And no, shummy it up. Yeah. I don't think it could work with him. That guy's got too much big head and, uh, whatever else. He probably got a real big head. He's too big for the rest of us. You're right. Now, have a good time out there. Watch out for all the faggots. Five, six, seven, and all five, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line Jim Mandage, old number 88. The old tight end will be along between one and three. And don't forget to join the big, uh, oh, and the QM prize patrol tonight starting at 4 p.m. at Hooligans in the day land Plansett. For the official QM Cains, the Estival Watch Party resented by Miller Light. Final score tonight's game, the festival will be University of Miami Huracun's 124,672 and Ohio State Columbus State Buck Eyes. Oh, zip. That's our fearless prediction. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. West Palm Beach, hello. Get ready for the buck and you have fall. Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60 pound five, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line. I guess these people slept in. They're just getting around to what now. Here's North Miami Beach, hello. You. Yes, sir. A lot of cursing about the George, and let me tell you, you need to find job. You need only talk about Lord of the Rings. You talked about a lot of different subjects and people. Lord of the Rings and all of these things is what I'm hearing. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Come on. He didn't talk to me. I wasn't listening. What the hell do you want to talk about? Right. And he just figured this thing on the section. You were in the girl bowl there. He was very diversified. I talked about it. Did he do a little eating ass at least? I don't remember that one but he's been a real good. That was the problem. All right. Thank you. Thanks for the spy report, pal. They're spying on you, George. He now that the audience is finally coming back towards going around We got Greg Reed's got the kids out there with a sandwich boards kneels back on the year So now that the audience is drifting back in by the ones and The message is spreading from coast to coast. They're cutting out are getting the word on Georgia All these people of course didn't listen why do you run but are gonna give chapter in verse Everything and now this last guy is a big fan of yours. He likes you. He wants you badly Here's Naples hello Hi Neo Yes, sir. I George talked about all other things and now I'll have to restock in of it Okay, so let's speak out the pants man They played they was a fantastic game last night. That was fun to watch. I watched the whole thing Victor called love to play in fantastic and yeah, what they'll happen with him last not all the sudden woke up that big rushing coupe woke up last night. Yeah. Yeah. He's he's banging and he's making great plays And and play hockey too. Okay. Yeah, but But I'm just you know we can't we can't perform too much because we get the first round take-ups here So if there if there's this West and I'll give the switch for them Are you talking about the straight jacket? Still worry about that we got like LSE 40 we got nine points on him. Don't worry about it Yeah, well as long as we just had to have a better record of that That's all we use which they know sweat. Okay, go leave school Here's the fact it says George less lord of the rings and more eating an issue is sincerely Dwight Lodderdale All right, I just got an urge white You know, it's a shaved off as much as after you started talking about him eating ants I don't think more contact that I don't exact that I don't think it was just a coincidence. Well, and you should get upset You said it to burn you know five six seven Oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T and Verizon line 12 31 a Q a M My my and low But those David West have failed sentence to death and the judge has he's got to pay eighty six thousand dollars in restitution and He says he'd prefer if he paid before they give him the gas WTF And concentrate is a partig Girl's talk partig Girls luck party girls luck Like doing music.... Historic racism The more or less lost of the girl who wants to be a media home, the better version on top with us. You want more? Almost ladies? Is what I'll give you. She's got a book to read about standing ring. Nobody knows more about splendor and out with a big suit about anyone to the left of Magdalene. Such a quick Christian girl. You want to strengthen her. Fontificate who she's hating. Political fontificating from ensemble and masturbating. Over public and shaky homes. She's a better real-enlist you're more. Like in liberalization and working out in a mini-stirt show in capital. And culture knows what they can be in a mini skirt that spells fishy. She's a tall drink of water on the side of the lawn, and with a back alley look to be like a broad star. She got some money. She'll spread some things with the sit-or in and a sharp neck. And so during the older political fontan, the individual of the right energy today. Alright, 23 to 150, 60. The pretty G.U.A.M. 298 votes what should Neil do regarding mode during 2003. Stila's herepiece 105. Stick by his guns Ignore of 79. Ripen some mole 44. That's moving up the ladder fast with a bullet. Kiss and make up 37 and make peace 33. And I look into promising. A number of prominent anchors and cords. And you know what I'm thinking about this ball game tonight? You know what my real feelings are about it? I went to Michigan State. Briefly. You see what I'm saying? Who gives a flying crap? Really, when you come right down to it? A number of prominent anchors and cords. Sponsors have been canned others are heading for the exits at CNN, including broadcast veteran, Gerek ugly. CNN and Siders said. And then it's got, let's see, Washington Senior Corps Spongebob Jackson also was asked. He was asked to leave. San Francisco based anchor James Hittori, CNN FN anchor Bruce Francis, CNN Financial Senior News Corps Spongebob Allen Dodds Frank. In Miami-based reporter bald headed Mark Potter, Miss Potter's been canned, given the old acts. I'd be like that. And it goes on here about the moves that lay the side of a ship that CNN under Chairman Walter Isaacson away from the long think pieces and investigative reporting by veteran broadcasts to its snappy live reports mark he name anchors and younger reporters in Siders say, because they're under fierce pressure from Foxley fascists news channel that has toppled CNN under ratings. How do you like that? So they're cave in in man. When it surprised me if they make Larry King stop where name suspenders. Five innocent? Five six seven five sixty. Long history though. A pound five sixty on a AT&T in Verizon line. Here's a call in Davy, hello. Hey, new. Yes sir. I've been new to you. Same to you. Good to have you back. Yeah. I'm one of those losers. I do like, no, when George is on the radio. I put more to your station, but now you're back. You know, you're surely bringing everybody back when it's good to hear your voice. And take a couple of months. I know. I mean, I'm the first day. I found on your back. I don't have to listen to the other station. I have an Georgia some reason and just don't do for me. Yeah, a little bit too low key mumbles. A monkey saw, you know, you think you're like, I wish you some. Right. But I wish you some. But I wish you some. So much later, the rings and all of those things. Hey, I'm going to find this just a while. I don't know. Maybe you could just give me a little advice real quick. No, five, six, seven, five, sixty pound, call up Dr. Laura pound five, sixty on the AT&T. In fact, her mother, if she could have just gotten through, you know it. She was trying to call her daughter for advice and the line was busy busy busy. All of those months. That thing about how she was like melted into the carpet. That was really great. Wow. Her body was lying there. Dr. Laura's mom. So long that it like putrefied and like melted into the carpet. And they had to cut the carpet. And they had to cut the carpeting away. Oh my god. How gross. Test. Almost as gross as Dr. Laura herself. But not quite. How about those hurricanes, baby? Absolutely correct. We're going to kick some ass. How we do, don't care. But it pissed off those kids from Columbus. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Neil, you're right. You know, life is not about ball games. But it can make it really fun. I was at your last stadium last Sunday for the game. And it was relatively lousy game up until the fourth quarter. Right. And then after that, when the Patriots won, when push came to shove when you heard those choking gagging sounds from the Dolphin sideline, It was some of the worst called football the end of that game. But anyway, life is not about football game. But it can make it enjoyable and can make it a lot of fun. Yeah. Also, I went to the Bruins game when they played against the San Jose. They shocked me one five to two. That was another great. Oh, that was the game in Boston. Yeah. And you were the guy that was there. No, it was a pretty good crowd because it was like a holiday crowd. I see. Because they're after on flies because I don't understand that. They're having a really good year all the good and come a lately, but every team goes through that. But they got off to such a great start and they're holding it against the organization. You know, for being so cheap all of these years, when they finally got a really outstanding team, I don't get it. Like a delayed reaction. Yeah, they're doing pretty well, but I was playing really well too right now. And auto. Auto is not playing. Oh, and a saddest part of it is, Ottawa is not only playing great. They won 8 to 1 over land last night. Marian Jose had four goals. But the franchise is on a verge of bankruptcy. The owner can't pay the pay. They're going to have to wait like two to three weeks. He could pay like around here. And he's desperate. His financing deal fell through. So here's the hottest team in league. And they got no money. What does that say? And we've got buffalo. They're in the same sort of buffalo. Buffalo, I think, is going to be history. I hate to say that, but they just have no cash. The new owner is desperate. Right. Absolutely enough. Same view. They can't draw flies there at Buffalo. They got their new arena. See all of this business about villas in New arena. And guess what? It never pans up. Like the fleet center in Boston. Back in the old Boston Garden man, you could get maybe a single ticket here in there. But it was a tough ticket to get. And now that they built his fleet animacenter. And you see all those obnoxious empty yellow seats. Always a good idea to make the seats yellow. So that when nobody shows up, it looks really good. Here's a call from Kendall. Hello. Yes sir. You know I'm buddy. Great. Same to you. Listen. I heard you earlier talking about O.J. Simpson. And I just wanted to bring this gear attention. You were talking about how much money that he made. He was making on all the stuff he's doing. I'll take a cigarette. Yeah. I was over all the burden ninety. About ninety seven to have a deal in the Salvation Army. And we were nose and around in there. And guess who popped in there with his blonde girlfriend shopping? Huh? Shopping at the Salvation Army. Really? So all the money that he makes. Hmm. I guess he was looking for a car. Probably coming on mom wants to do with the dollar store. Right? Well when you spend a lot of money on drugs, you don't have much leftover for important stuff. That's it. Needed a new mattress. Okay. So I had a pig or Guerrero for us. 560, 560, pound 560. He was cleared of all of these charges by the way. I was just like when Michael came back from Sicily. He had to be cleared against all those false charges. Remember that? That's right. I think I had a white hat to do it on my throat the wrong way. That never happened. See what I told you about him? Let's take a call from a four-launner deal. Hello? Four-launner deal. Yes sir. Is this Neil Rogers? Yes sir. Speaking. Yeah. I got a phone here. My mom just called up about five minutes ago. I'm talking about some turlites cream. She was real into it. And you called her a bitch. Yeah. And what does that about man? She knows you like turlites. She knows I'm diabetic and I'm fattening it. If I eat turlites, we're going to die. You're not here. Okay. I'm not going to die from eating turlites from your mom. Okay. And by the way, your mama. I'm like Linda Blair would say your mama's so socks and hell. Okay. I'm not here. How do you like that? Now she's got to put her kid up to what to call back in the fend her in temper call. That couldn't have been as mama. She started about 92. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Grow up. Will you? People grow up. It's a goddamn radio show. Just grow up already. That's one of my new years resolutions that I'm sticking to. Not putting up with any of these emotional cripples during this coming year. Get with it. So she called that hung up on. It's a matter of fact it'll be a market distinction for the rest of her life. And she's got to be a friend of her friends if she finds any. That Neo Rogers hung up on a rasson called her a bitch. Here's for a modern day, hello. Hey, Neo, welcome back. Thanks. I do want to have a little comment about while you were away and George was doing the show. Yeah. There were several times, believe it or not, during the course of the show that he was putting together the work. He came up with some stuff that was interesting whether he was ranching and raising about somebody or he had a good point to make. Every time I try to call in and get my two cents, I couldn't call in because unlike you, George never, ever, ever, ever announced his phone number from the air. That was never hairy line. He said you're full of cramps. I pump the numbers till I was bleeding. He said it was pumping it until it like split open. Well, let me tell you, they were at least three different days. It was one day that he was racking on J. Low, like there was no tomorrow. And I wanted to get a piece of that action. And then the other day he was talking about the Bible and all that. I'll tell you what next time George is on call him up in bitchy. He's still on call. He knows the number. Yeah, that's right. How did he get through the, oh, that's because I give the number so much more often. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line. See, that's how you do it. They started to tell us that. Oh, I'm not looking. I don't. These people don't have the capacity to discuss anything beyond this. And so therefore, now I did, I mean, there have been times in the past. I'll say, well, how did George do while I was gone? You know, I mean, this was just a vacation. It wasn't like being gone for the whole summer like a couple of years. I didn't come on here today and say, how did George do? We're not grading George yet until the rest of the audience comes back to people who tuned about. Then we take that pool and we wave it in this face and say, hey, there you go. Hot shot. They hate you. Or whatever. There's another guy that's just who cares. So we didn't give the numbers out. And this guy calls me to like bitchy. I like I like a little child. Like a little kid in a sandbox, snitching on George. He didn't give the numbers out enough. And he wanted to get a piece of that jail. Okay, we got a piece for you. You think fat ass, okay, is what we got. Just like she's got. And what a shock about the fact that her marriage to Ben Affleck has fallen through. J. Lo and Ben blow a Valentine's Day wedding is off. And right here in a goddamn star at the bottom of the page of the same story is a picture of Ben with his buddy Matt Damon with his armor on her shoulders saying, hey, don't that bitch. I'm here for you, pal. He's the one that got in between him. He's the one that stuck his ass. So in between. And so she may have the biggest ass, but maybe Ben decided she don't have the best ass. You think that's what it is? Because one thing about Ben Affleck, he knows his ass. My little little, this is five-city. The ring is on your tongue. You ain't in. Oh, that's the rejoin. Oh, and we want to apologize for him too. It's Friday, you best, too. Oh, the Affleck casting call. All right, Tom Broker. Oh, Broker. Affleck. Uh, again, Tom? Affleck. Uh, one more time, Tom. Ah, wah. I'm losing a second part. One more. Ah, wah. Next. My Tyson. My Tyson. Yes, my Tyson. Stop saying what I'm saying. I tell you I'm saying, Ablaq. Again, Ablaq. Again, Ablaq. Ablaq. Next. Jesse Jackson. Affleck. Ah, the Affleck. I guess you am sorry, but the duck is white. Next. Woody Allen. Just nuts to mean to duck the twacks. Stay to the script, Mr. Allen. It's crazy to insanity. Read the line, please. Why would it duck speak? Next. The great Sean Canary Cirque. And welcome, sir. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Sir, just read the line, please. Affleck. Excuse me, sir, again. Affleck. Sir, I'm sorry that second part of the line I don't. I'm simply flaying. Affleck. Next. Oh, God. I guess we got Gilbert Godfrey over here. All right. Give it to me, Gilbert. I'm black. I won't work time, Gilbert. I'm black. Well, Gilbert, I pretty much hate you. And I think you're terrible. But yeah, a close thing we got. You got the job. You think you think Gilbert's got that like, uh, head or dime wine that buzzed that's on it like in his throat? Yeah, that's Gilbert for it. Oh, speaking of Gilbert. 560, 560, pound 560 on a AT&T line. Here's a call. It'll be brief. It's from Hiley. Hello. No, I never got a real call from Hiley in 27 years. Here's a Daytona Beach, hello. Hi, New York. I've followed what you call amazing. There's a couple of things about bowl games. A couple things about them here. Never won the orange bowl. The fact that it doesn't even play the orange bowl anymore. Doesn't that seem to bother anybody or something? Doesn't bother me because I can't because nobody here cares about those teams anyway. I guess. What are much of people from USC and Iowa who are waiting for your planes to feel bad, but go back where you came from. We don't care about you. Other than that, just another thing that sticks me off. How about all these core perspectives like the sociators? Yeah. That's a little nauseating. Absolutely disgusting. They pull a weed wacker, and goose yourself bowel. I mean, who cares? It's ridiculous. But the good old days, and I just see the orange ball or fiesta ball whatever you see. I know that, I noticed that one of the bowl games, they had like a corporate sponsorship on the 25-year line. Usually if there's going to be something that's like a midfield, they had some cramp on the 25-year line. I don't know. How about the dolphins? Maybe that she can have the sponsor, maybe I hope that next year? OK, Pro Player Sounds Good. Oh, that's right. I forgot throughout the business. 560, 560, pound 560 on ACV just punt these numbers like I do, George. You'd make that other guy feel a lot better. You'd make him a lot happier and he could call and get a piece of jails as whatever he was looking for. Some segments that's all I did. Exactly, hey, I can relate to it. Yesterday was fine. Today is my second day back after a wonderful vacation, after being out of town a couple months and a second day the glorious gone. The old glory hole was gone. They sealed it up with cement. Or something that sounds like cement. Here's plantation, hello. Yes, sir. Hey, man, my first time calling you since you've been back welcome back. What do you mean since I've been back, there was only yesterday, so? Well, I didn't call yesterday. The Ivatory Center went away. Yeah. But it's good to have you back. Listen, speaking of J.Lo, you know what I often fantasize about? It's, I don't be clean. You have to hang up. But in the end, I'll over in the doggy style position. And seeing if her both are her cheeks could cover my whole face. That's what I often think about. See if her cheeks could cover my dog for that. Yeah, both of your cheeks could cover your posts. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm, file. Let's ask Ben if he knows anything about that. Ben? No. He don't know what about her ass. That whole thing is just so ludicrous. So ridiculous. Do you believe us yet? You believe us? No. They had the press. How about now? Here's a call from Miami, hello. When is this? Happy new year, my phone? Send you. That's it. That's his material. That's the guy. Here's Miami on seven. Our last call. We got seven minutes to go. Here's the last one. Be a happy day of our friend. Back to you. But George was great. And I should just chill out. Yeah. These George and Loan. Uh-huh. He's just wonderful. When you're not there, but of course you are. Yeah. You can get to the points. You're quit with a suck in George's ass and my ass. Let's say something meaningful. Get to the meat. Hey, hey, hey. Okay. That's better. What's wrong with that? Not the. Well, I wouldn't just say that at the beginning. Instead of sucking everybody's ass. Nobody likes a suck hole. Okay. It was a poor play. Nobody wants to all that verbal for play. A little regular for play. That's a different story. Rubble for play. Forget about it. I'll take. I'll take your main to the calls. We only got a few minutes to kill here. That's what they want. Now, that's what they're salivating for. These final few minutes here. An opportunity to express themselves. To kid on the air and like play that game that they want to play so desperately, so badly to validate themselves as human beings, to make the whole world feel as though they're getting up out of God. They have put even saying, look at me. Here I am. I'm alive. I'm me. I'm something. Yeah, you're something. All right. We know that. Here's Boca. Hello. Yes, sir. Follow you know, but I saw a load of the rings and George give me the worst advice in the world. Yeah. Well, sir. Hi, say this to you. I don't care about Lord of the Rings. I don't care about ringer round of collar. Ringer round of rosy. I don't care about Lord of the Rings. I don't care about wings and things. Rings and things. I don't care about rings. Rings are for like engaged in married people. And old fags, who were one of them, phony rings. You know, on a ring finger. You know what kind of the square ones? What do they call them? No, I don't know. Right. Yeah. Lord of the Rings. You know, you really did kill a Saudi's with that Lord of the Rings stuff. Who cares about Lord of the Rings? It came out. Why? Because it was December. And? And nothing. We didn't like maybe four or five in the end of Jones in the show. And the show of death. We talked about anything that came out. Yeah, I'm sure. Like that too. W to Q a m. Ninety enough. You are. Thanks, honey. W to Q a m. Look above you. Let's dedicate tonight's hurricane victory over Columbus state. I mean, Ohio state to the memory of our good friend, Sonny Hirsch. What do you say? Let's hear it. Oh, right. For Sonny. Good guy. He had a little thing. Little quaggle. But he was a great guy. We let Sonny a lot. W to Q a m. W to Q a m. Now, what do you, what do you pointy? Well, that was the guy. The, the punks. That's why you hung up. Well, you relax. Well, you just calm down. You're so, you're so uptight about this. It's just a radio be over in four and a half minutes too long. Don't you understand? Not going to change your life. It's certainly going to change my life. What all the money that I'll make and you think I give a flying crap about these assholes. I don't hear. Just turn them off and look at away the phone is ringing now, man. Like we're giving away $100 bills. W to Q a m. Can the water the rings take care of my m more problem? OK. I think that's where you'll find that ring. I think that's what he was talking about is the ring in your back. Film collar when you have hemorrhage. So you have to sit on the ring. Sometimes that's what Mo said and inflatable. How's the mobile come in? What should Neil do regarding mode to a 2003? Steel is here piece. 109 is in first place by pretty good margin. Stick by his guns ignoring 80. Rippin some mole. 56. But that's your as moved up. As a late edition in there. Kiss and make up 41 and make peace 34. So if he had those last two categories together, got 22.4% which means 76. Point to whatever percentage is not too positive. Yeah, he's going to take a lot more than just mentioned in my name once to make up for all the damage that he's tried to do this program into our lives. And you're a livelihood. It's set up and so on. Go to take a lot more than just coming on there because I happen to be in the studio one day and back in town for a couple months to say, Neil Rogers is next to whatever he said this morning, it started this whole similar route him. And we still hope he gets a big number in there because we'd like to make a bonus again sometime the overall bonus. Get a number you owe for WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. I know. See how slow these people are. Oh, I'm out of here. Okay. WQAM. You see how good it is with you. Especially got down here. That's why that's another reason that people hate it here. Your people. They're not mine. They're your people man. They're your people. No, no. It's greasy ass. My people don't have an accent. I'll send to WQAM. What is it? New Rogers. Yes, speaking. Yeah. Neil. WQAM. Go to King. See what I mean about how slow they are. Slow, slow as molasses. We're doing little screenless here trying to have even a little bit of fun but a little mini lightning ride of the other show and you still can't do it. Yes, still can't get the job done. Man is this place suck. God. I shouldn't know. I left here yesterday and I said to myself, this can't happen again and I was right. Yesterday was too good to be true. I thought to myself, if I could come in and we could have as much fun as we did yesterday every day and show it be as easy as rolling off a log. And the audience would be as responsive and have something to say. But what I didn't realize is they had some of the say yesterday that they've been holding up for like however long. You know what I mean? Right. And then that's it. They shot their wall. Here is that they shot their wild baby. Man, you can smell it all over town. They see do that or that dolphin fourth quarter again those last three minutes. WQAM. WQAM. Hey, Neily. Yes sir. Hey, how are you going? All right. I wanted to end this show on a good note. Yeah. I was listening to a ball game. Another game. Yeah. I got the leave though went to Notre Dame and then a team lost. Well that's another good reason we hate Notre Dame. I forgot about that. I know so much. I heard that. Delhover. He was announced in the game. Say, oh, kind of leave the team lost. I was like, hey. All right. Excellent. I haven't happy new year sir. Okay. And the text for the good news. Well I guess that'll put that kind of leaves a bit in her place. Oh, sorry. Sorry to our good friend. There was Fox News. Sorry, Heather. And I still would like to do it. So that's going to do it for us today. We hope that the canes. Oh, sir. Did you see that? That was pretty nifty. I like that myself. You know. Any garlic. So I'm trying to hit that. I can't do it when I didn't want to. Well, that's just the way a good time to say goodbye when that happens. Final score tonight. University of Miami. 170, 2,065,03. And Columbus State also known as Ohio State. Buckeyes. Oh, Symphony do it. Okay. The mad dog. Jim Ed is next. Then we got a whole bunch of football stuff with a lot of spots in there. Bye. Bye. Oh, I'm five six. The new QA and my own football game. Oh, my. Oh, my.