Good morning Neil. I hate screamers Greeners. Yeah, we're good one to talk bees. Yeah, we know what you're always sick you and you're Oh gosh, he said to me today. He was in it this morning. He said man. He's getting a really a source by heart spot He's always like two person none of our equipment works that I am surprised I did a show But I think the other should get give me a studio at BF Changs and Boko Absolutely and then she let me just Let me tell you this what I would try to do this morning before the show and that is if you like Our sales department wait till you really get in the middle of familiar with our engineering department Oh my god, I'm gonna fix it. We got fixes who's a great guy He's a picking his ass right now. Who fix it? Oh, yeah, well, he's fixing it Justin and nothing worse. He's adjusting his roiards and you notice how much better the sound of the station is every time he picks one I did it I did it I did a remote from the Bahamas on Friday and I swear to you that we couldn't get the camera We're because the Dildo here. I know you're self-floor all time. It was just kicking it already But don't I was there on Friday. Don't you recall? That's right, but you know the first did you know the first like hour that Nimrods here they forgot they were carrying a marlin's canes at the ovens on the same night And everybody went home to bed and forgot to put the switches back on and they couldn't get me on the air here from this end The Nimrods who are engineers out of coffee Yeah, yeah, yeah, and then I did a show from a cell phone and it sounded better than a com-rex It sounded better than the show that precedes you, but that goes without saying but anyway, so I get here Saturday I get into that too. I get no, I don't I get here Saturday afternoon and I see that the damn the signal from here As always everything here works fine because there's nobody here to dig around with it. You know, but I see the signal from there is not coming in So Sunday and what's the holiday weekend? So I called parents to give them plenty of time It was really pissed because he said the beast was just ready to pull out and And He said anyway, so I give him two days notice and I come in I get up this morning and Georgia's frantic are you there? Can you hear me and we go through an hour and a half a bull crap again? Thanks to fix it by the way for fixing it because Pricers are more today to me as no hot water and he hasn't showered since Thursday. Oh my god Can you imagine the stuff that's rotting inside of him right now? He's gone Puerto Rican on a screw Japanese. I just said he in a beast. There's starting to have the same aroma Oh my god, he's the breath is I call him how How I chose the same musky aroma. I got to go to bed and I'm not safe in my vehicle If you I want to ask you a question before you go what have you ever walked into a public restroom like in a restaurant wherever and The guy who is sitting there before you Didn't flush oh my god I wanted to do a header this weekend I was at a Bohemian buffet. I go into the I go into the restroom near the swimming pool to you know just go to bathroom real quick And I smelled the foulest cable ever in my life There were women that wouldn't even go in the women's room because the men's room was taken smoke on And it were kids like five ten yards away from the rest of the facility having like I swear to people having men and shyness to a dire we are people I think when you when you see it, you actually If you walk it and see it don't you feel compelled to like flush and make it go away I just when I see it I have a new I have a new fetish. It's gonna be my new past time I'm gonna go ride all public restrooms in town And if I find any logs floating I'm gonna make sure if I have to flush 20 times because I just feel better It's person in my life this morning I went into the third floor header here the dump is smelly hole after skipping leaves his toilet dump I swear to god I went to your back boys in your thunder wall I went into the morning There was three laws I should have said the on-son written on the walls Yeah, there was cable in the toilet in my voice case. It's called Schmitten Hey, my favorite sport by the way You know I went down yesterday rip-type brownings on soft beach. I love that. Have a great the great flood Thanks a lot Neil We get We Some more eat. The old dying in the Russian submarine. Russian submarines. Russians submarines. The old dying in the Russian submarines. Russians submarines. Russians submarine. As we die, we defame. With big mornas. And we came here the mother and man's life. The old dying in the Russian submarines. Russians submarines. Russians submarines. The Russian submarines. The old dying in the Russian submarines. Russians submarines.hasons. Russian submarine. Russians. favors. allow a coward. This sucks. We have to get clean potatoes. I'm gonna come and open blue with the light It's a blue blue And I'm crazy no no You know my shits up all the way The more crazy All by and all worships up all the way Workin' up all the way Workin' up all the way Workin' up all the way Workin' up all the way Workin' up all the way Workin' up all the way Workin' up all the way Workin' up all the way Workin' up all the way Ten-off six is five sixty-two W-m-happy-tuesday-two This is it We just drew the line of the sand as of this moment Right? Okay? I mean, not as of this moment But I guess it's early this morning When the mole-mice drew his on That was really bad I had to get a chance to hear him this morning The line probably had down there I'll send you tape Lots of problem, I'll pass you Lots of problems down there Down there Which leads me to our poll today Which we'll get to momentarily Neville and Zokaze marijuana for medical use We'll also get to that First I want to rip rich packed your anass What is wrong with that man? Is he just some kind of a suck hole? Yeah, or what? What a fawning piece About misfudge in the hero this morning Linking new sites, Maddrug creates an internet success That's success By richard packed her First of all, what else he got to do with the hero? Does he, is he like a stringer? Yeah He is? I guess all of a sudden He didn't really have any reporters anymore Remember that piece by Jim Daphini That they, how this used to be many many years ago Great paper, but we can't afford it anymore And they cost a visit to cost to that And all the cutbacks so now we really suck But we're doing the best we can't Remember that? So they don't really have many full-time people Work at the hero, which is one of the reasons you have to Crap excuses for a newspaper By the way Tom, Jekka, I'm into Rano So I'm out of touch again You know you haven't written a count If you look on the website for the Sun Sentinel There isn't one column for the month of August He skipped them, he just took it off Because I guess he was worn out from his tough month of July Out on the West Coast getting wind and dying and smoothed By the TV producers of new fall shows So August he just vanished There's not one column for Jekka In the entire month of August But I'm the one that's out of touch Rich packed her I hope he faxes you know, and tries to defend himself What a funny piece of crap About Miss Fudge Speaking of Miss Fudge All we can't long, she's been friendically reporting this on her website And yes, I do check the website Occasionally find something interesting I'm using Get rid of that stupid hat mad, okay, and by the way, the picture It looked like a real fruit cake You look natural What a pansy man Bodybuilder wore former Mr. Universe on loads on our old ABC holds interview Exclusive on the Fudge Report Former Mr. Universe Rick Wayne was received with media request Monday After the Dredge Report first revealed How the star bodybuilder has given ABC News an on-camera interview Detailing controversial comments allegedly made by Arnold Comments ABC News executives found too hot for air ready for that Yeah, why does he get a free pass that moron? Not that Nazi bastard why does he get a free pass? Ha ha ha ha Huh? They had a committee meeting I guess Wayne who is black told ABC News that Schwarzenegger made the comments Regarding South America's former apartheid system If you gave these blacks a country to run they would run it down to two of Schwarzenegger allegedly said Wayne who once planted right a book by a reference for Schwarzenegger The project was dropped after Schwarzenegger told me he would time up in court Is now a news publisher in St. Louis What is it? St. Louisia Santa Luchia He traveled a California for the interview sources close to Wayne explained He was completely forthcoming one well placed in side or tells drugs He laid it all on the line talked candidly about his time with Arnold And what he feels is Arnold's insensitivity on racial issues Maybe he's can do a Charlottom Heston Maybe The interview conducted in later August has ignited a heated debate with ABC News We still have plans to air it one ABC source planned late yesterday from New York But no date has been set one ABC executive who demanded anonymity said that it work was waiting for an opportunity To confront Schwarzenegger with Wayne's interview in a live setting Meanwhile Wayne is going to be considering other TV officers and then it says developing We need to be slaughtered out that crap stop doing that by the way Beast your killing poor for real. Why does he put him on there? How see how what the beast is a charity case. We feel sorry for him Isn't that really what I mean we don't dislike him or anything but we just feel sorry for him Okay, don't we? Don't you seriously don't I don't I don't when you got money when you look at him Don't you think in a backier mind or maybe even the frontier mind. She's I feel sorry for that little fat piece of crap I don't want you'll sorry for anyone with rich parents What does that mean? I got this for no matter how rich your parents are when you're in a goddamn huge piano case when you're in a fine box Who's fault to that it doesn't do you know good well, that's what I'm saying Some people are saying why the hell should we feel sorry for it? Is now problems of their own that way isn't it? I'm not supposed to feel sorry for Okay, here's George is pulled yesterday and by the way George deserves tremendous credit not for too much But especially came in yesterday on a holiday on Labor Day. Why did we do that to avoid you people out there? They they've punished me. He heard I was awful best in ealtaves that was the only alternative we had I mean Clarence any could have also played the audio tapes to the side effects of him tricking with a beast but we're not ready for that point Yeah after we get the license we knew them will play that But that was the only choice and I'm sure that probably a lot of people out there will call So we got to have heard the tapes of the beast in Clarence. You know I spoke as little as possible trust you will deal in out in out But George was under 64 votes. That's not bad for Labor Day. Okay George asked the American media is stupid 211. I like that all the live hoders for eval You're evil 149 in saying 105 whatever the Sienna understand this choice whatever they tell you they are In other words the media is always telling you your own opinion. That's a little joke there I see okay 63 for that. They're okay 58. Okay right. I don't know 23 and five said they're great And I wonder which those paper those assholes work at I wonder which TV station those schmowe's work at probably that the schilke's the raven on there So anyway Mr. I'd say is onos going to have it wasn't bad enough that we we interview that they rekindled again But all of his exploits his sexual stuff That wasn't bad enough but now comes these erases he has no chance he has two chances none and much less than on wouldn't you agree He will be on the pumping what about the pumping in California he's going to be governor of California Well, what are you about to buy going reduce that big budget of it where we haven't got to that yet, but I'm going to be governor of California and provide greatly this ship in California He'll pump it down he's going to pump it up from Sacramento. I mean it's it's really if you think about it seriously You will kill yourself there's no question about that so please don't do it if you really sit down and think you saw this this is really happening And there are people who are really supporting him and taking him seriously at that point you must blow your brains up 1013 at 560 WCM select. I said we draw the line we're off to the races now no more that summer dilly downing around Labor Day is coming gone right Yeah, whole bunch of people are back in town now after a summer screw in around about Turn the man that's about it. He needs to set your home fast fast cash home buyers buys houses fast hassle free fast cash home buyers buys houses in any condition Any location for any reason you need to set your house fast does your house maybe need a new roof flooring or any other repairs Well don't throw money down the toilet on cross labor pairs stop and call rod today at 1 866-785 fast for an obligation to hassle for your offer If fast cash home buyers to help you solve your house problems you have a vacant house if you're tentative dealing with a problem tenant Maybe you're going through a nasty smelly rotten divorce call fast cash home buyers Maybe you're one two or three payments behind or inherited a property just don't want call fast cash home buyers because they can get you out of your pickle call rod today at 1 866-785 fast And let fast cash home buyers give you peace of mind fast cash home buyers will buy your house today Another good part of this deal is you won't have to pay a single penny in real estate commissions either so call rod at 1 866-785 fast FAST for hassle free offer And let our friends at fast cash home buyer solve those house problems once and for all 1 866-785 FAST 9 9 10 9 How young is too young 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 15 10 10 Now aren't you embarrassed for rich pack today? You wrote such a ass sucking column? Discussing of a great and this man considers himself a journalist do something all he is is a but sucker I'm I'm gonna read it eventually pal have a wonderful day See that's good. He just tuned any probably let's do a Howard sperm or something He better not be he better be listening to Scott come on Scott You know we got to do that poll one day this week now that's cuts been on for a while that actually somebody knows he's on and he's kicking ass in spite of mo We under that poll like what do you know? I don't know how we exactly say that one Huh? What's your tune? No, no, no, no, not that about what people are listening to before this show. Oh, that would see what I'm saying Because we know are they listening to mo? No, no, what do we have like 8% or something the other 92% of audience hated him like poison? Was that it? Oh my god. mode. That's bad. That's bad 92% of this vast audience Maybe most of when it left that big That big those three big floating logs in a bowl Seriously, I mean I understand that maybe there are people who come from a tenth world countries where they're not really big on indoor plumbing But when you sit down there and do your duty to do your best to get it out of your system flush the name toilet, okay? And now I've had not won but two experiences like a recently here and I don't feel I just feel compelled it's a fetish Don't ask me why because I'm not into that That crap at all don't confuse me with Peter Clayton or would they be Clayton Thomas or with Peter Satera Less You see like it. I don't know how they be Clayton Thomas kind of on me. I don't know what he goes people no But at any rate Peter Clayton you would have loved he was he knew his crap He was a real kind of swear But I I feel compelled to get rid of that. I don't know why I just it shouldn't be there It's like bad for the public health. Don't you think? Absolutely if they're these enormous smelly and I and they're never like I don't know you you think what did these come from certainly not a human ass I mean for what what creature dropped these things? We're gonna hell or you order Ryan that when they've been in there for a while they get water logged Don't they're kidding like you know and they expand their labor They were just kicking things off here like it back to doing real shows again Don't start with all the gross stuff next you'll be into that eating ass Which I think is a good segue based when I went down to it One more reason why that's so gross and disgusting all you anal fixated people like clearance. Oh I don't care you how many times you do you bathe you shower you cleanse? What are those uh bucks? Okay, those are for Royads, but never the last yeah? No, no, no, but those are for Royads But they're also to make like your ass is antiseptic and lovely and Grootest-free is humanly possible and and even then even then It's still what it is it's still a Schmidt holder Well, not basically that's it You're colon and you're uh, they're just holding on or like you know They're just waiting to I'll make the next deposit like when you get your paycheck and you put in your wallet Well, I'm in your case because I'm sure you race to the bank But no, that's right. You don't have to get a payback because you get the right deposit maybe that's what somebody's animals need Direct deposit when they take a dump Maybe they're from Appalachia. I have actually I mean you know me I admit to all kinds of growth test things And I'll admit to this I have stood at a public bowl and Gone in there and seen just a grotesque and of course You know before we even go in there because they even smell it sure. Oh my god What kind of creature? What time to the spaceship plant? What kind of creatures been in here? And what is that what are those things? I don't know and I'll flush like this because sometimes It happens to be a bowl that doesn't have like the greatest suction you know I'm saying Yeah, and sometimes it's a resist you know they go like about halfway down. I hope they keep coming back You know they fight it and the but if you are persistent if you really are in a course Depending on a kind of bowl You have to wait long enough see the secret is this is good information for the audience the secret is to wait until the bully You hear the water stop flowing inside so that you know That's right that you follow and say oh, it's got a really large completely right That's right and then you get the maximum suction right Right, that's the one that's nuclear flushing sound just like that I think we need stronger turrets, you know I agree. Oh, I guess if you don't use it at all I'm gonna make a little bit yeah, you have to either push push the chain That's another interesting thing depending on where you go in the world like for example the toilets in my apartment here Yeah, they have the button on the side you know what I mean? Oh, yeah, they can get that I bring your pardon that's an option In America I've never seen an American he turrets with a button on a side yeah, you're fancy your homes I see well I have my fancy turrets and they got like a button on the side then in Europe a lot of them have Oh in Colone Germany and that place in the in the train station And it's called McLean And the sea capital seam a clean and it's a public restaurant And you got to pay to go either pee or take a dump. I'll all pay and of course it's a little cheaper to pee but never left right And When you get done and now some of them are automatic which I always worry about that you don't like it any airport a lot of them the Some places the or at the stadium I think too a P P part P P No, you can pee pee for a free no, but they they're automatic flush they're like on a timer right you see those in a lot of places But this one had a foot pedal Okay Like you're up against the wall and you're standing there and you're thinking well I'm not gonna if you have any software Spectre I'm not gonna leave this for the next poor bass you look at and try to dispense up and See it's got like a little foot pedal against the bass against the wall and You do a foot thing which forces you which means you can't do it while you're sitting there It forces you to get up you know what I'm saying and turn around now a lot of people don't want to get up because they're afraid They're gonna have to look at what they just left behind See what I'm saying I think everybody takes an inventory though No get out of here. Are you serious? I think yeah I think that's okay. Are you sure everybody takes an inventory and looks back to see what they left behind? Now to see if it's all you know clean and normal and it is all the right colors Oh my god, and if the corn kernels are right If I just did proper and there's a corn count that you have to do of course And then you know you got to check for blood watch after that dangerous tomato peel do by Oh What are we talking about here? It's not very appealing whatever it is. Oh, it's very appealing Now what I saw in those two bulls twice this is twice okay and very recent times in those bulls and I'm gonna tell you that people I do that they ought to be shot in the leg of the very least to wake their hands up Wake their hand up. Okay, so here's today's pool Because I do find I was done there for a week and of course I had to ranch I never told about the four more rats They found them I had a date in the traps not on the air though No, I did not four more so we got a family of five that we've killed so far and hopefully they ain't no mole No mole But it's just I mean spent a week there. I felt like I was like in prison on death row for 20 years That was one of the worst weeks I've ever experienced there and the heat and the humidity and now You know you're telling me that you're everybody is swimming to work everybody's flowing away You got the hurricane sitting out there in the Atlantic and Brian or crosses hypervettelating Get ready to like get everybody killed So that's my poll question today. What's the biggest problem with South Florida? The brutal summer heat humidity and rain Too many New Yorkers Too many Cubans Rudeness Too many old Jews Crooked politicians Absolutely nothing. It's paradise Too many blacks and too many red necks Have you been thing out? I think there might be a cub. We'll have to be fine. I maybe when we come back following the break Let's see. Let's look at that schedule here because we want to get everybody Acclamated the fact that we're like back to life again mad dog two to four the sacked and oh right then you got The humpers back in in town again nice going hopper Hank is doing a show at Shula's another tough assignment Four to six during another two and a half hours show and I's going hey Marlins our deck at six 30 that's your wild car leading Marlins at six 30 pregame 70 five power set pb park After the game is said he can join Mark or when I two to five at a morning preceding you know what You know speaking of you know what you there's so many guys out there would I male padded ball this millions and millions I wonder how many million people just in Florida at least Because God works opportunity many times in mysterious ways one of the gift he gives to man is that his hair starts fall now sometime in your 20s You see guys like even Tom Brady. I think is gonna lose it and they heard too If you like to look great if you like to get a full head of hair back again I'm not talking about dangerous pills with all those nasty side of Hesomite kid ya I'm not talking about a mouthy wig that looks like a musk right fell through your ceiling right on top of your head mole I'm not talking about any of this other crap We're talking about the great natural hairline system the most amazing piece you'll find anywhere in the world Charlie's been doing it for all kinds of people for over 35 years He's been on good morning America today show CBS He's as famous as it gets when it comes to her because he's the best and he continues off and you're right now the summer special hair system For only 549 bucks for first time customers if you already hammer her system you can say 50% on service and repair of all types of pieces Including shampoo and trim. I thought it was cute when he shampooed most musk right last week Give Charlie a try you got nothing to lose but that ugly shiny ball spot because if you travel one of his systems for 30 days Don't love the way it looks and feels and smells if you not get late like at least 20 30 times a week Charlie give your money back no problem whatsoever So call Charlie today and change your life forever and look better and younger than you dream than you dare dream you ever could again Call toll free 1-800-3212413 that's 1-800-3212413 or you can get more info on their website Charles alphari.com And local six systems portraitual pi sigiric In 1983 farewell was born in 1984 and Nightmare began In 2003 the two legends will need face to face Ready! First we kill the children! Versus Jason! Mood! Mood! Versus! Cuts! Cuts! Cuts! Cuts! Cuts! It's evil! Versus evil! Versus! Cuts! So well then, this holiday season, they meet again in the ring. It's Freddy Versus Jason Versus Rocky! But rock these guys will take it at peace! He's got knives and his fingers! He'll ruin your pretty face rock! No, no, Mickey! Then, summer 2004, Freddy Versus Jason Versus C biscuits! Then the following Thanksgiving, Freddy Versus Jason Versus Grey Versus Grey. Then, coming to pay per view, Christmas 2004, Freddy Versus Jason Versus the Olson Twizz. It's a grudge match in a cage suspended over the Rolls Bowl in beautiful Pasadena, California. Only on paper view, order today! Yeah, that's that one voice that airs down in an opera lot like... Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Let's come to the window. What is this picture here that we got? John Jarris and Bob Eisenberg with real hair. What is it? Let's hit the curly brought that by and little snapshot from the 70s, the good old days. From the 70s, where was this? Why 100? What? See, Bob Eisenberg was selling it and he's got a bathrobe on. And it was some sort of a... If you'll notice the other... There's somebody else with one too. Right, if you're out of here, it looks like he just pulled out. And also has a real... And also has a real... They're real, a smitten, you run on a space in the old bad hairpiece before we got him in touch with Charles Alfieri. What a silly con. Who knows people in the background? Uh, people. I see. Well, they work a while 100 so they're probably a bunch of asshole. Anyway, that's really great. Thanks a lot, Ray Perry, your hell of a guy. Ray must be cleaning out his desk, you know? It's current, Ray goes... It's curry. Okay, correct, you have a tooth. I thought you said Ray Perry. No. Well, like I said, kid Korean, cleaning out his desk because Power 96 is kicking ass, baby. Oh! Power whatever it is. I don't know. What is it? 96.5? That's... very good. You know, how many years it's been since I even punched it up onto my dial? About 30 minutes. At least, why not have it on old fart like me? Be listen to all that... The... Tunky Spik music and the shfarsist stuff. Anyway, that's catering priest promoted despite Cercelain's is the Dayton Daily News. Whoever fasses his desk priest stuff... is really very good, but it's always a lot... Must be somebody from Ohio. Must be. Because they're obsessed with this crap, and somebody on a west coast of Florida. Thank you very much by the way, keep it up. Keep them coming. A priest involved in the child abuse scam. Now, what do you think is more disgusting? Guys who dress up in... In the women's clothing, or guys who won't flush. Or both. Oh. Maybe they're the same people. Seriously, have you ever seen a guy wearing a Brian panties? Uh, no. Well, as a novelty thing, like maybe... No, no, no. I'm not talking about like in the Bob Eisenberg wearing a Brian panties in the picture with John Girus having just pulled out. No, I'm talking about like for real. Like, guys, I like to dress up. No, I... No, I will guarantee you I'll bet you Greg Reid's life on it. That we got people in the Saudi and skies who like to occasionally dress up in their wives or girlfriends clothing. They're probably one in minute. I find it very gay. The Zarr. No, not gay. No, not gay. Just the Zarr. I don't think most guys that dress like that are gay. See, now there you go again with your usual stereotype. Sure. With your Cuban homophobic. Uh, yeah, just me. A priest involved in its autonomy scandal of catering safe Charles. Butromio Perish was promoted to the Vatican's international diplomatic corps. Despite warnings about him by his successor at the parish, according to report by the Dallas morning news. This is the first time it can be shown that the Vatican has been found harboring an abuser in its ranks that Dallas paper said. The link between the priest and the Vatican is the current pastor of St. Charles, Monsignor Lawrence, Brezlin, no relation to Jimmy, who we called twice telling a Vatican official of the accusations against Monsignor Daniel Peter. For a second I thought it was Peter. Hmm. But it's Daniel. Peter. Peter who recently resigned as Vatican post in India was decided to say Charles the 1979 is first job as a priest. You know, some of those Indian people are really beautiful. They're can only problem is you can't get too close to him. He was that's bad. I shouldn't have said that, should I? That's all right. It is true. That made them pull to take some day. We already did that. Didn't we a long time ago about who smells worse? I don't recall. No, that was about who's farce smell worse. Oh, you remember that one? Yeah. That's bad. You can't do that. But is it Indians or Pakistanis? He was accused of a vow of using a female parish in the early 1980s when she was 14 and continuing for about a decade. The woman recently discovered that Peter been promoted to Vatican's number two diplomatic post in India. In January she contacted Mike Nellon's year of catering, who co-founded a local affiliate of horse to the faithful of Boston-based lay organizations that were responsible for these sex abuse scandals in the Roman Catholic Church. During a lawsuit, Peter took the Fifth Amendment on every question said Nellon, who was in the court file and Yadi Adiyani. How do you like that? So even if Vatican is pushing it up in the Shokinamana. Preached who served in the area accused of abuse. This is also in the Dayton, Daly News. But there seems to be enough a lot of this stuff in Ohio. Nine men including two from Dayton are alleging they were sexually abused as boys by a priest of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Cincinnati two decades ago. Abuse allegedly occurred while the priest, the Reverend David Kelly, an aurellation of the woman just off himself in England, was teaching at Cincinnati's elder high school living at the rectumary at St. Thorees, the little flower parish, which has an elementary school said Conrad Kirture, an aurellation to Adam Kirture, what's that kids name? I know he's mean, I know he's mean, I know he's mean, I'm just talking about Kirture. The mission attorney representing accuses Kelly, Tarreligian at elder from 74 to 84. And it goes on about Yadiyati, Yadiyati, Kelly remains a priest in good standing with the Archdiocese, but has been without an assignment from the church for a year. Kelly and church officials couldn't be reached for combat yesterday. And it goes on about their so-and-this one is so-and-ah-one. As more at this crap of these isolation, since keeps spilling on out. It keeps spilling out. Courtscore. And a lot of you morons out there keep subsidizing this crap. It goes largest closet, the world's biggest pedophilia closet. Oh no, no problem. We believe in the Mary and Mother and the Ghost and all this other crap. With all the chalkies and the crosses and the rosary beads and the... So forgive them. And what's the the mitre and the brother? All the trappings and the crappings. How is it possible that there can be so many millions and millions of stupid stupid idiotic sheep? How is that possible? Be evolution. God, it must be it. Oh look at this. According to Deuteronomy, God commands you to flush when you're done. Now, this is an interesting point. Okay. I want you to religion to stop there. Listen very carefully because you don't flush. You're going to grieve it and hell. And probably smell. I think that's your punishment. You're going to smell it forever. And also the toilet never flushes. It just keeps spilling up. Oh, just think about it. Get the swimming in it. It's a giant toilet. Do the rot. Oh, like sound Florida. How come that's not on our pool? Oh, that's a good one. I like that. The biggest problem is sound Florida. Get that on there, Eric. It's a giant toilet. It was a toilet. My bad. We left off. Not to see. We got too many old Jews, which is fine. Too many old people in jittering. Yeah. I mean that too. In general, because they're all obnoxious. So it's a toilet. It needs to be on there. Also, too many old people. The demographic down here is just so skewed. The median age is about 70 plus. Not 30 million. About 100. Medium age is death. According to do to ronomy 2312, that's a minute. Did you say do do ronomy? According to do do ronomy. Now, shall have a place also without the camp. Whether they're shall go forth abroad. What? What does that mean? Oh, the cycle of your cross dress. You might go abroad. Go forth abroad. Keep on reading. And now shall have paddle upon thy weapon. And it shall be when thou will ease thyself abroad. And she'll dig there with. And she'll turn back and cover that was coming from me. Oh, God. You must have rid this. Right. You know, the dogs that run away about five feet and kick up the dirt. Even they have more decor and then the people. That's right. Even you assholes out there to refuse to flush even a dogs got better manners. It may not always be very effective. But at least they make it an effort. That's right. They care. At least they tried. And 2314 for the Lord. God. In the midst of thy camp. To deliver thee and to give up thy enemies before the. And therefore shall thy camp be holy that he see no clean thing in thee. And turn away from me. Hey, Clarence. He says there shouldn't be no unclean thing in in thee. These are all that thing out of there. Okay. You idiot. Can you imagine the diseases that child's going to have before the years out? No. Before it's out. 10. 4. 1. 1. 10. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 2. 3. 1. 2. 1. 1. 2. 2. 1. 2. 2. 3. 4. 3. 2. 2. 2. 2. but it's not what I voted you know who that might be absolutely he thinks it's paradise thanks like to have a paradise at the crack tables see everything comes back to crap you know yeah just just like the equipment at qa and in fact it took for a lot of about five weeks to discover the five minutes of the first show uh... oh yeah that's right for five minutes five seconds the first day the guys gonna go on regular eight to ten and the damn yeah and the sky is falling and the transmitter goes out and there it is more that the great technical incompetence of qa well you know we can't control the weather yeah whatever you say course or you're in idiot ten forty two or five sixty you can control our your carpets looking smell and feel that's for damn sure i mean if your carpets i had just come and sense all the walk it around and dropping food and crap in the brick and tracking and stuff from outside it doesn't take too long before your carpets look and maybe even smell pretty bad kind of like what we're mentioning before if you want to do a spectacular job for yourself pick up the phone call dry concepts like i've been doing for well over twenty years because of the best in the world you can bet your just life on it though the best job you've ever seen in your life and i'd like concepts offer you an opportunity to say 15 percent on your next carpets cleaning and over give you the they give your written guaranteed price before they start the job soon after where i get ripped off and i can save even more than a usual price just called rye concepts toll free one eight hundred two four eight five five oh seven one and as to be put on their stand by list then dry concepts will call you next time they've got an opening in their schedule it's like when you fly stand by in a plane if you're available when they have an opening they'll not 15 percent off the price and you're in like flint so call dry concepts today after we put on their stand by list they might even have an opening for the same day that you'd be calling and they'll still give you 15 percent off the price of the job when they show up which will be right on time and you'll be amazed at how they can make your carpets look and smell and feel lemony fresh just like brand new column today toll free at one eight hundred two four eight five oh seven one one eight hundred two four eight five oh seven one or get more info about them on the web at drugconcepts dot com five local this is five six you're you under the back of the channel you too fast okay it's back that's right i guess good friend good guy Arnold Schwarzenegger is the colors from grand falls Canada hello I know that was wondering who's your idol Satan the devil say yes absolutely okay my second question is why are you running for governor right now every softened there is a window of opportunities with Satan can return and bring heaven and hell together and we're both of them for the next thousand years oh I didn't know that after I've won it could be the return of Satan Columbus Ohio with Arnold Schwarzenegger hello hi Arnold I was wondering can you stop tap okay wait here we'll be with together see a oh now you finish it the hell with that I was very difficult yeah I have no idea what she's talking about to be honest with you because I know what I am stupid the truth about Arnold Schwarzenegger thank you very much Larry thank you Arnold can 46 at five sixty double to kill a hundred and twenty three votes and they're already George honey like that oh we're not just turning the corner we're doing it at full throttle man we're just speeding around a corner they'll tip over hundred and twenty three votes already we just put this thing up there a few minutes ago I've heard man what's the biggest problem with soft photo we're asking today and of course there's one one who says nothing is paradise one come on there's gotta be somebody happy down there no no no no no no no no no no so many Cubans 47 rudeness 46 the brutal summer heat humidity in rain 15 too many New Yorkers is only got 12 no does that surprise you? no it doesn't are you eating something? yes what a slab I bet it's Howies too thanks Howies what is it for a I'm not gonna let you influence me because I got the nothing fatening. I got some strawberries and blackberries. Do you like blackberries? Yes, I do. I had never seen them down there. Do we have them in Florida? You gotta find them in season and publics, but they grow wild around the house and Carolina. Oh, so those toe stools. Yeah. Delicious. What do you want to do? Anyway, what brutal summer heat humidity in rain 15, 2 million New Yorkers 12, which I'm amazed at, how low that is, crooked politicians 9, 2 million old Jews 6, 2 million black people 3, it's a toilet just what honor, but it's already got 3. Absolutely nothing, it's paradise one more honor. What are you talking about? What are you talking about? What are you talking about? What are you talking about? What are you talking about? What are you talking about? What are you talking about? What are you talking about? What are you talking about? What are you talking about? What are you talking about? What are you talking about? What are you talking about? What are you talking about? What are you talking about? I don't even know if I want you to read it. It's depressing man. You realize how many right wing fascists come back. They're in charge of this country. Most of me. You know what's amazing is all these chicken hawks. It's so funny. There's so many more democratic war veterans. And there are Republicans. It's amazing. Right. None of them have served in the military yet. They're ready to go kick ass everywhere. They're ready for somebody else. They're okay. They're okay. And we continue having kids die every single day. Every day. Over there in that quick sand pit. Yes. Listen. You think Dean or Carrie has any shot in hell? Dean's going to kick pushes ass. And fact. I can't wait to see that. Wait. Listen. Wait. Didn't hear this. I just looked on Miss Fudge's report on her website. The latest poll this out. It's Bush against Hillary Bush 48. Hillary 41. Now she's that close. And you know how many people despise her like poison. Dean's going to wipe the floor. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. You'll see. I've put my fearless prediction down. Thank you. I think even Jimmy Dean could be the suspect. He starts showing up some of that free Jew food. Can you imagine? Everybody likes Jew food. I do. I'm eating them some now. What do you think? I'm trying to print it to download the story there and trying to like get the details. But of course on the Fudge report. It's and and here's this glowing blue. And I admit. See, I admit that I go on her for information. Sometimes he's got some good stuff. I don't have any problem with that. I don't really get a care where I get the stuff from. You know. I don't know. She's not interested in her husband. Where she's still alive. Yeah. Miss Fudge. Boy, what a screaming screaming. Closet. Faggot. You are. That's all I want to say to you because I know you're listening right now. You're a little condo on the beach. Okay. I hope you get a little bit down on our soft beach. Just use some protection. Miss Fudge. Because God only know. Can you imagine the stuff that's going to run on soft beach? Can you imagine? Where you fudge back? I'm going to talk to you about the stuff that's going to run on soft beach. I'll get to it. I want to get all these call in here. But it's just such a, such a suck job. You know, there's nothing in here in the least good critical. There's nothing in here questioning about what are all the lot of the crap that he puts on there, which it is crap. Just like the stuff about the cat and heresting, how he tried to spin and skew that, for all of his, the puppeteers that are manipulating his string, his G string. I heard that even at hat that he wears every none of this, like pops off right up in the ear. Yeah. Like that. Here's Pompano. Hello. How you doing, you know? We'd like to get Matt Dredge, no strings attached. Then you'd have the assur. Can I have something to the pole for, man? Go ahead. Please. Driver. How do we phrase that? Drivers. Driver holds drivers. Now are you not going to have a real weekend? Automobile drivers. Automobile drivers. I think I'm the one talking. They're not going to be in the morning. We just go on 95. How's that? No, drivers is good. I don't have to be in any public. You know that my seriously listen to me. My blood pressure since I got back here Saturday is 30 points lower. It's it's perfect. Then it was when I was down there just for one week. And the driving is a big part of it. I'm sure I've got to hear the thing is just close. I feel like you get to get out of here. You know, but still make your living and somewhat. Right. And plus I have no car here. I don't need a car. I can walk wherever I have to go. I can take this subway. No car, man. That's great. And then you come back here. You know, when you want to, if it's just little too cold up there, you know, but it's hell here. It's hell. The weather is a driver. Thank you. Like the Norwegian say, it's never too cold. They're just our people or sometimes underdress. Yeah. Have a great day, pal. Hang in there. Good luck. There's a guy to have to drive for a living. And I really, I come misery. Don't you? Oh, empathize with pride. I just, how do you do it? How do you do it? You people, I'm telling you. If you're listening in your car, a whole bunch of you. Because I know how many people in South Florida really can drive. But, for the man. Where's the get off the road? That's all. Just pull it over. And get out of there. Take the bus. I mean, you know, they, they made a big deal in Calaconia when he had those two stories in a very short period of time. Those old parts driving into the farmers market or whatever. It wasn't killing a bunch of people. But in South Florida, sometimes it didn't even make the news because it had a every single day. We got a bunch of old-farts in their jooken who's trying to create a drive through where there isn't one and there are not supposed to be one. You know? I mean, I don't know too many Chinese restaurants that have a drive through, but don't confuse these Bachelors. We had one here at a Petriol over the weekend, by the way. A drive through incident church in Queen. Ooh, what a combination that is in this town. Church in Queen streets in Toronto and they like drove into the, it was a limo guy, no less. Ooh, which is pretty unusual. Maybe his head gear was a little too tight. But limo guy just going too fast around the corner, my running into a pizza joint. Speaking of joint, I'll need to forget that Colin's story. I'm at 61 votes. What's the biggest problem with South Florida? 255, rudeness 31. Oh, brother. What a difference. Roode. Hustile. Angry. Nasty. Roode. The brutal summer he committed in rain 20. 20 New Yorker 17. Only 10.5%. Cricket politicians 13. It's a toilet. Nine. Well, flush it. What's the name of that thing we got? You can't use that code you can flush this? We have something like that, yeah. Oh, yeah, I got. Wouldn't that be great? It would be great if you could find it. See, I bet you have the only person who flush this. You can't flush this. That fits in in so many ways with my recent experiences. We also have flush. Oh, yeah. All about that has not effect. Good. Okay. Well, we have both come on. It's a toilet nine. Too many old Jews. 7. Boy. Another thing just changed on me again. Damn you. Too many black people for Georgia's idea. Although he didn't vote for that. So while you dark, he's not there. Don't get mad at George. He loves you. Too many red next four. Too many old people too. Absolutely nothing. It's paradise. Still has got to out of 174 votes. It's still got one. That's a booty. And drivers just went on there and immediately got one. Well, that's that's an o-brainer. That's easy. And we get a lot of votes because you're driving down or sex. Let's face it. I was just looking at the morning. Yeah. George coming to work this morning with all the rain and the water. The streets are like waterlogged and people acted on the ice. There either like a real bunch of assels, which they are. What's wrong with you? People, why don't you get it? And of course, there is nowhere. No place. I mean, if you're like 90 years old living in a condo like Ma. I mean, at least she'd read. And by the way, to my mother's neighbors, she's not running a limo service. Okay, she's 90, three years old. Go the seriously. I was there this last time. I'm glad that I slipped this back. My memory made her a brief recovery. She's telling me how some of her neighbors now, the new deal. How could you drive us to the dry cleaner? Could you drive us over to the back? I mean, the fact that she drives to the supermarket and back that's enough. Okay. And she admits it. She admits it. Which is about the only thing she admits because she's full of crap. But that's it. How do she in a position? If you ever would have been driving in a car, was she was driving a few Demonetrassinger? You did jump right out on the street. Keep it on the interstate. You know, of course, she don't get on there. Thank you. But she knows her limitations. Yeah. She'll occasionally like spin over to the Broward Mall. Go across to the new public. She's got over there in Hollywood or whatever. But very limited. You don't say him? Right. Good. Which is great. But she's not running a limousine service. Okay. Some of her neighbors. Sorry, this is our 30th Pride crown plane. I think so. They laugh. It's scarier because once her couples here, girls. Different kinds of ducks hatch. Also other kinds of ducks are not hard to catch. Or they lose them when they're cute. We can say, hey, he doesn't run away like that. Berge and I love that. But I'm the reason behind her. Then can I come after my brother orders? to imagine the kind of crap I could write a book just about those experiences. Well, there you go. Just about attempting to drive to carriage hills on stirring road in Hollywood once a week and taking your life in your hands Sure people who have been dead for five years. There's still behind the wheel and I guess their foot was stuck on the accelerator and it's just creeping along and maybe You some day it'll get out of your way, maybe not no Unacceptable, okay? Are you old Jews at carriage hills you're unacceptable and my mom ain't running a limister as leave her alone, all right? Hey, then I can't believe actually stuck up for her there. Well, that's cuz she won't do it for herself Okay, whatever you say whenever you say by the way, you want some of that bread and zucchini. Oh, don't ever make that again, ma Don't ever make that again or John's not gonna come there any more and eat and I certainly would ever come near that place And by the way, how do you like living there, ma? I own it 1057 and 560 I think she'd make a great bag lady. Don't you I think somebody to keep her company Yeah Boy, would they have some great stories to come as a win? They can not see that 2000 And I think a 2003 New Year Rogers into the summer currency I'll go in on right now at Halle, Pontiac GMC Get the lowest prices in town from Tom Laman and Joe Pareto. Do I sound like extra happy today? Yes, well, I have good reason it has something to do with my experience last night for this special promotion Every vehicle has been right down to the absolute rock bottom price In fact, I had to be playing at song that Rick and says like I love I like Chinese Plus gets your percent financing for 60 months on every 2003 Pontiac or GMC in stock Listen up by 2003 Pontiac son of fire for only 11,998 or full-size era for only 15,998 hurry and now because inventory is be limited It how it you can still do this and I have I don't think I let mod do it, but just about anybody else You can test drive any vehicle on lot for 24 hours. You can take it home Take it to work put in a microwave whatever you want to do with it. How it's also got an unbeatable selection of dependable certified pre-owned cars trucks and gas-guessling SUVs and if you have marginal credit have no fear just margin on the lot there because they want to make you a deal They don't want to be picky and send your ass away. Halle Pontiac GMC in the same location They've been making phenomenal unbeatable deals and treating people right for over 35 years 134.01.06. He highway that's US one across from the falls open every day seven days a week The only day in your lifetime it closed is Christmas day for the goi For more information call the Neil Deal hotline toll free one triple eight five three four forty two eleven That's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven. No forget all these great Neil Deal subject to credit approval talked to Tom and Joe and all of the people at Halle for details Halle Pontiac GMC they're not bushman. You when they say we are professional grade Scheduled I show pride kayak I indication give a to I show pride Your ideas stretch yours with little clashes to vote stealing why You a your We're here to live our own with magnitude, but you're both for the courtesy, fluttering sway, getting both, thus way to fight, to let the sea, you're numbering, turning onto sea, you took it up the farthest land, and played me broken heart, and we're both for half a turn, to float. It's 11 or two. It's stuck that last baby down. Maybe that last touchy roll please. Get out of my face. Get out of my view. I don't want to see it. I don't want the next person to have to see it. To see how I'm really a good Samaritan, and it's by the fact that so many people think I'm a good Samaritan. I'm a good Joe. 277 votes on a poll. What's I added two more by the way? I hope Eric isn't put out when the Eric by the way is doing a phenomenal job. Yes, he is. It took Beenerbline. I know his bad experiences we had with him, to finally wake it to shake Eric up, plus the fact you'd trust him out last time. Did he? No. No, you just give him a good talk into. A good dressing down. But I, like I emailed him the stories for this morning for our website, and he had him on every before he can say Greg Zamoron, who is great. 277 votes. What's the big, oh my other two? Two crowded. Somebody facts me both of those two crowded and I'm using both of this person's suggestions. Too many illegals illegal aliens. Right? Okay. Who we talked about? Patients? Anybody illegal aliens illegal alien? No, no. I don't sell it at the defensive Cuban stuff again. I would have wet, wet, wet back stuff. I just want to be honest with you. How about Nick or Rob Wins? How about the Colombians? All the way. Do like Colombians. So here's the whole story, by the way, I never got to the thing. Too many Cuban 64, rudeness 36, the brutal summer he committed in rain 26. Too many New Yorkers only 21. Crooked politicians 18. It's a toilet was a late edition. It's got 16 hours. You can smell it. Watch it. Too many old Jews, a too many black people six. Although at least the one good thing is we do have a lot of fried chicken and a lot of melons, so far, thanks to the climate. Too many red next five. Too many old people for what about chitlins? What about it? Absolutely nothing wrong. It's paradise too. Too. A pair. Out of now 21 18 votes. In fact, even drivers just disappeared that with full. Too many old people for drivers for absolutely nothing. It's paradise. Absolutely. So maybe that's why most audiences so small. There's only one person out there in a whole town that agrees with his bull crab. Have a nice day everybody. In paradise. I'm QAM. Oh, you may. I'm so old and decrepit. And my numbers are so bad. Yeah, I'm all we hate you. You know what? More gives us every day. All the crap you can unwrap. That's what it gives us. Bush. This is the whole story that I just printed out from my good close personal friend, Miss Fudge. Bush 48%. I wouldn't have, you know, something I would invite him. Cause I always got his own show and he's on an all 50 states and he's got 18 million hits every hour. But I'd like to invite him to come out of the closet and show someday. Wouldn't that be great on his show? No, I'm this show. It's like OJ. You know, because we have OJ in candle. And I told, uh, said many a time if he wants to call in the show and confess because we all know he done it. Uh, I put him on here. Sure. Remember that you'll fade it golf term. Of course we do. Well, and they wanted me to put him on here. I said, no, the only way I'll put that murdering bastard OJ on is if he wants to call in confess to doing it. And the same with Miss Fudge if she wants to come on here and come out of a closet and admit that she's a self hating right wing. Fag, I'll be glad to put her on here. I think that I booked to rub a little bit because you know that she's listening. Hang on every word here. And when I said that this story wouldn't print out low and behold, I go to that. But I boom, here it is. As a presidential candidate, Senator Hillary Clinton, the trans more democratic votes than any other candidate. But still trails president Bush 48 to 41. But it's interesting because that means he's got less than 50% even against her. And she's not even running. What does that tell you? Hmm. If Democrats nominate Senator John Kerry who looks a little scary, here's the president of the 45 to 36% against Vermont Governor Howard Dean. He leads 45 to 34. But keep in mind that the still millions of people don't know Howard Dean from Jimmy Dean. From James Dean, right? Right. The National Telephone Survey of 1499 likely voters was conducted by Rasmussen reports August 29, on September 1. March of Sample Year is about the hustle minus 3. At a Senator Clinton would reinforce the divide between investor and non-investors that has been growing in recent years. America's investor class would vote for Bush over Clinton 453 to 35 meaning people loaded with cash. Non-investors, which is like your average ordinary shucks like George, non-investors prefer Clinton 46 to 42%. That represents an etsywing of 22% in points. So if we can get all the slutpers out there to vote? While the investor class gap is larger for Senator Clinton, it exists for all Democratic candidates. It goes down and I don't want to read the whole thing. Probably should put this on the website. I don't want to bug your act. Hey, I put it on here. I'll email the Tumbring of the next break. He'll do anything since you've pitched him out. I'd, and threaten to take away his retina. While Bush leads against individual Democrats, wait till you hear this. This is thrilling. This gives us hope. Because overall poll numbers are slipped against stage in the niric Democrat. Meaning anybody, Joe Smith, from the street, any of the dog catcher. The president is now tied 42 to 42%. How do you like that? Oh, right. Yeah. I'm not going to go to president led 40 to 41% gets in there. See if things ain't going to good. There are people dying kids dying all the way in Afghanistan and Iraq every single day. And the lies, you know, just keep him in more and more. And now he's saying he's taking credit for the economic rebound. And just because the market went up a little bit. What rebound, right? What's he talking about? The discrepancy between polls comparing Bush to a generic Democrat and those suggesting specific alternatives to resolve the several factors. First is generic ballot, enables Democrats to envision their ideal candidate as the president's opponent. Yeah, it's a sentiment so on. It's a second, the name recognition for individual Democratic candidates. Other than swivelry is very low. Well, that's what I just got through saying. Most people don't know from Howard Dean, right? Right. In John Kerry. I'd mention that most Americans would know that difference between Bob Kerry, who of course is Senator from Nebraska. And John Kerry from Massachusetts. How many people do you think in this country know the difference unless they live in those states? Bob, third man. Right, because you American public generally dumb, uneducated. They're busy watching American idol. They don't know from anything that's happening in the system. And then they wonder, gee, how come all the rich people are getting the breaks? How come all of our kids are dying? How come NASA's making human sacrifices of these astronauts? Stuff like that. To try to cut corners. Oh, yeah, would you like to go up into space? We're cutting a few corners. It really makes you wish that that lands. What was his name from, in stink? Oh, bass. Yeah. Oh, god. I mean, I don't wish any physical harm to anybody, but. But what would it be nice to see him go up in one of those deals? Oh, oh. Now, which one was he supposed to go on? It wasn't the last one. He was supposed to go up with the Russians. Oh, well, or he didn't really trust them. They're crap to get. They're track records better and are. But we're yeah, I was just going to say we're now positioned to be talking to Americans. Anyway, so there you go. There's the deal. He'll be doing very well. Now, what is it got any other stuff on here? Bush 48. Now, let's just got those. Well, three and then the generic one. Pretty interesting article. I'll put it on the, I have air put it on there. Post-taste. Well, me. Okay, to it. Still haven't gotten it. And you notice Rich Packard who faxes they show every single day, basically. Pretty damn near. Now, I know why Paul Harvey Jr. hates him like poison. Rich Packard writes this puff piece in a harrow this morning. Or yesterday about Miss Fudge. Now, how to be today, right? It says posted on Monday, September 1, but it's from today's paper. Or maybe the heralds screwed up their website is one of the worst of any. Any major market newspapers. It's just awful. And it's showing how embarrassed they are. It had very jackass working there. If you try to like do a search for very jackass, it comes back and it says, Who? Miami Beach, hello. Yeah, you want this a problem with the city. Okay. How come your whisper in again, sir? How come you're doing it for? And you know who that is? That's the same guy that calls online. That's the same schvarts, sir. Which I've never realized until right now. He's about two or three of those different chronics. It's the same guy. Because he usually just whispers, but this time he tipped his head. You know what I'm saying? He gave away a little bit too much. You idiot. You jackass. You're a part of the problem with South Florida's assholes like you. Too many chronics, too many losers. Too many jackass is too many mentally defective. That's the problem. And believe me, and this pull is proven that there is a problem, such as my imagination. I mean, nobody really voluntarily wants to, you know, freeze their ass off and a snow and a sleet and the ice and that crap butt. But millions of people do when you want to know why? Because it's not there. Yeah. That's why I'm here right now, because I like it here number one and number two. It's not being near. And I'm not making that up about my blood pressure. My blood pressure is 105 over 65. For an old bag like me, can you even begin to believe that? For a fat old bag. Right. So what's wrong with dressing up in a bron panties anyway? I just bag. I don't understand that. I beg your pardon. It's not your bag. You said, Faggan, if that's your bag. I've somebody left it in the bag and it means you're somewhere. Yeah. Somebody actually left the green bron panties in a bag. It wasn't a female. I believe me unless she was like in a wrong joint. Did it fit you? It was lovely. The comfort level is just so you feel so free. You feel so free. I don't put the panties on backwards. I think though. Oh. No, but it makes it that finesse de breeze. Thanks for a nice quickier emergency release when after one of the kid. Hello, my cup right off over. Exactly. And doesn't it make you ever, I'm sure you have being a man of the arts like you are. Listen to me. Like you're watching movies and you see these depictions of what I was like back in the olden days, the Romans and the Geeks. And they used to wear all of that. I mean the tights and the Romeo and Juliet with the right. Right. And then there was something else when I was just going to use the Zam Romeo and Juliet. And he's got, I don't care how much he had the hats for Juliet. But how they ever do it with all that clothing on. Well, the cotton piece is easy access. But all the other hard piece. Don't just remember. I thought that was only a clockwork orange. You have to be careful. You say that. Don't you remember they all had their decorative cod pieces. Yes. But the cod piece didn't just, I mean was that just like a ziplin to me. Yes. I'm listening. They're wearing the cod piece with the tights, right? You remember the movie. Yes. The tights have a split in them and on a night. They have a split. Listen. Oh, my parents just take a note. I'm not joking here. They have a split in them and your package hangs out of the slit. The cod piece covers your package so that you can go to the bathroom easily. And then you just, you just unsearch one corner of the cod piece and flaps open and you do your business. I see. Well, I feel so much better. Yeah. Because I used to think they had to like just shimmy and shake in like a little. Oh, that stuff just to do anything. Now, sorry. It's like the Mormons with that damn magic underwear. I know that they ever do it. It's got a lot of it. And then the fact that the Mormons, they have all of those kids. So they must, what is the willows away as in swinging and sway it? They're that opening. Here's the fact that says I voted for drivers for sure. When is WQ? I'm going to take that a pick of Mo off. It's horrible. Oh, we're never going to. In first it's not QM. It's our website. Feels like it's going to jump out and bite. I have a suggestion for new bit. The title is the Phil Collins song. And is no Mo. No Mo. Oh. Well, that sounds interesting. Good. No. Done it. Yeah, would they get that out of you? From a chronic faction name, Eddie. Why is it that somebody guys named Eddie are assholes? Have you ever noticed that? I have. I just noted. I just mentioned it in passing. 11 14 already at 5 60 WQ. No forget we're back to like real business here now. The summer the parties over baby. No more screwing around. We're getting back to really being a radio stationer. Or, in fact, some either. Magdog at two. The Humper is back in town at Shula's from four. It's still 6 30. Marlins on deck 6 30. Pirates in the Marlins at PP Park. What are they? Wild card deleting Marlins by game. What are how to get? They love it at home. Cookin. Any case follows the game and Joe Mark overnight. Even with my cool out, there's still one. Honey like that to it. I know you're following. Huh? If you're underpaid, overworked under appreciated like Scott, how'd you like to have a new high-pain career before the end of the year? Pick up the phone call our close personal buddies at Fast Train. 1 8 6 6 fast train. They'll get you on the right track to like a real life and a big fat paycheck. Fast train can every train in certified before years end. The demand for computer professionals continues to grow and there's no better time than right now to obtain a new high-pain career. Fast train offers you job placement assistance, convenient day-eving weekend schedules. With six locations, there is bound to be a fast train nearby you. Fast train offers you financial assistance to those who qualify. So, call them right now if you're really sick and tired of your frustrated working for a crappy job, a crappy boss and a really mediocre paycheck. Get yourself some education in a real job or real career. Call tool free 1 8 6 6 fast train. That's 1 8 6 fast train. Now that they're around, there's no excuses. No, no, no. To stay in the dead and job. Check them out of the web at fasttrained.com and call them toll free. There's no obligation to answer all your questions. 1 8 6 6 fast train. 1 8 6 fast train. 1 8 6 fast train. 2 8 6 train. 2 8 6 train. Page from the audio diary of Asson Kutcher. Dear Dutary. Very clever. I'm checking in from the basement of aging actors Timmy Moore. Who might happen to be softland? And I have been for like over three whole months. Dutary, she's at all lady from the Indiesy Proposal movie. Remember, she was married to the guy by my weed from Woody. I said, Woody. Dude. I wish my name was Woody. But then again, no, because then people would laugh when I said it. I said, go for the exit and go to the dirty room. Yes, mother. That's that old lady I was talking about. GI King. She likes it when I call her mother. As a matter of fact, she makes me call that especially when we're sweating the oldies. If you know what I mean, she may be like 50 years older than me. But her can is like a bionic woman can. I think why because she bought it at the new bud store. I still do it. We're not the toy, right? All right. She's got more plastic parts than a table. Anyways, I got to wrap this up because if she calls me again, and Adam Gulp stares, I don't get any loving from her age. And I'm in for like two solid hours. I'm just gonna go get my Nicole and Skateboard. Adam and Gulp. All right, all right. I'll check it again, Dutary. Ran down, got a gulp. There's a close my eyes and pretend I'm with someone from my own century. Ashton out dude. This has been another page from the audio diary of us can put you. Ever see him in the do the do do do do do do do do do do do do. Together. Same guy. 11, 19 at 5, 60 WCM here annoys me. I don't know what it is. He don't look bad, but he's got like a woman's body number one. He's a strange shape and he's just annoying. He's a gruddy man. And now he's everywhere. You know? Yeah. And then Chris facts. It says, have you seen the flaming Alice Rand fell on the national news? Oh, thank goodness. No talking up Arnold is a great governor for the state of California. No, I'm not. Also I cut the Mr. Ego show, but this might Chris must be a real talk show. Groupy anybody listens. Oh, God. He claims that he beat Randy Rhodes in the radio rating month after month. First of all, isn't Randy on in the afternoon? I don't know. I assume she was lucky. Secondly, she's not in the same market anyway. She's basically her station is a Palm Beach station that she's on, right? Right? Thirdly, he don't beat anybody. I mean, he's you can barely even find him. What is the hell does he know about radio ratings? They don't even subscribe to it. They can't even afford to. He's on a make believe by it on your by your way on your station. Mr. Ego. Uh, it says I know that's he would never loving a respectable Christian man. Oh, yeah. Cox, I'll voice to you. Also, it says he's the Schmidt-Less than the throwless hot Florida thing. I've been to other states. It's not a cloudy left log. Well, I'm just made to say that while I haven't counted in Florida, it's a Toronto thing here of late. It's everywhere. It's everywhere. It is everywhere. Oh, God. It is everywhere. No matter where you look, there's another big pile of it. Here's a fact that says I took a drive down to the keys this weekend. That's a good poll question for our leader on the week. What is kinky or eating ash or dressing up a woman's clothing? Okay. Now, you see, there's a long pause there. Which one is kinky? He can't say kinky, it's common. It's pretty common all right. And you're not using the word in the same way that you are. It's a real common thing. We could have poll more than 50% of this audience does. More than 50% of this audience eats ash. Yes. And what? 62% dresses up a woman's clothing. So there you go. All right. I took it right out of the keys this weekend. Had an excellent time says Johnny. It wasn't till I got back north of the Pometre Expressway. I remembered the asshole drivers in this area. Please explain the listeners. The left lane. I've done this so many times. Left lane on any highways for the fast drivers and passing. Not daydreaming under the freaking speed limit. You know, I consider it a bus dog. Good. I could like first of vessel in my brain screaming. I want to do any good. It often seems to be some refuelier in an old rusted piece of crab that believes because there's an open spot he is entitled to put his dumbass in it. Even if happened to be the left lane as in the no-go nowhere fast. Please straighten out these assholes once and for all. Love you Johnny. P.S. Don't retire. County the minutes Johnny. Not today. I'm counting the minutes. Although I don't know what it is. I guess I'm in a good mood. Is that it? Maybe. Because I'm not there. Number one. And number two recent developments in my life. And number three. Plus the fact that now we have to be in a good mood because we're just, we see this is the only show you'll here on this station. Where anybody admits that we've been faking it all summer long. Yeah. It would be like after all those years if your wife said to you, you admit as you was faking those orgasms. The four times you did it. And the same thing here. We admit that we just did the best we could to fake our way through. We realized there was we're talking like ourselves and nobody there. So what's the turn? Right. Why watch the gut when you just you just try to entertain the masses a little bit and then get back to like when the life comes back. And keep in mind, even though Labor Day is coming gone yesterday. In spite of that. The real crowd and come back to like Thanksgiving time, December, you know January, February. And as soon as a passover and Easter coming gone, they're gone. They're out. 272 votes on a pool. What's the biggest problem with South Florida? Too many Cubans 77. Roomness 43. The brutal summer he humidity in rain 34. Crooked politicians is tied with too many yorkers 25. It's a toilet 19. Too many old people 12. Too many old Jews 9. Too many blacks 9. Too many red next 6. Driver 6. Absolutely nothing. It's paradise all the way up to straight. Oh, it's here it. Too crowded 3. And too many illegal aliens only has one. How do you like that? That's interesting. It just went on there. It just went on there recently, but it's only got one. So in other words, they're not concerned about so much illegal aliens. They're concerned about the ones they wish would drive food. What back ones? Here's a conference for another day. Hello. Pretty good sir. I need to talk about the nightline that was only a week with. I don't watch nightline, but I have. Well, Ashcroft's new uh, uh, a vicinity program where they're prosecuting uh, in this particular case a movie maker from Pittsburgh who made a porno with some clowns in or something. Yeah. And he was just coming around. And then they had Ashcroft's movement spokesman, a close cropped hair, German guy name, a snickle group. All right. And with it, you understand the stop. Oh, keep track. I'm everywhere. Yes. It had to take you back 50 years if you watched this show because there's guy and they kept asking, they got to kept kept kept. I'm, well, where are you going to draw the line? Where is it going to be? Condor Lisa? What? Where are you going to draw the guy kept going? Well, this is a horrible problem. And then they switched to the prosecutor who was like another, you know, but you know, you know, ask him. You're all pissed. Because, oh, this is a terrible problem. And he goes, well, there's supposedly going to do this country right now. They're going to, this is like, this is probably the, the nature domestic story that that's happening right now. Right. That these people are, you know, they kept, the cop will kept saying, well, where's the line? Where's the line? Now, this is a film with clowns in it or this is that, where are you guys going to, oh, there's a community standards and they use it all this family value, it's not sense. And, and the, how they prosecute is actually go out there country wide with hitsquads, do this kind of stuff. Uh-huh. I didn't know if you noticed this or anybody talked about it, but it was a chilling, chilling program. Well, under the Patriot Act, if you look at anybody cross-eyed, any right when you're cross-eyed, they can put you away, and they don't have to tell anybody where you are, and if you're ever getting out. Yeah. But they keep saying, well, this will never happen, and they're not going to be free from this. Right, right. And where we're, you know, we're compassionate, or we don't, we don't, we don't, you know, I squelp us a whirlpool of the land where we're alive. It's a lot of gray area, especially when it comes to free speech. Ever since 9-11, they just make it up as they go along. And they're all really excuse. Speaking of which, the other thing I wanted to ask you about, last year at this time Bush went to the United Nations and self-ingave a speech. Right. And he said, well, we know all these things about Iraq. We know where all these things we can't tell you it was as part of intelligence. Right. But we know all these things. Now that we're happy to stick a month later in March, and now it's six months after that, where are all these things? We're any of these things. How about the match that Colin Powell was holding up and insisting everybody, this is where they are. We know that they're there, yadayani. Where's all the crap? Yeah. Those are like three or two baby milk factories. They must have found that along with the roadmap to peace in the Middle East that seemed to hit a couple of bumpy spots. But we're how these people can. We're anything. I mean, it's like the fur. We're just to anything, to play anything. Exactly. Right. And here I'm looking at the circle and the actual post this morning up here. Netholen's okay's marijuana for medical use. As the rest of the world continues becoming more progressive, more open minded, more realistic, more compassionate, and we had a bunch of Nazis running America. Well, what about the, they just cure the guys part with his own stem cells? Right. And so we don't want to do that because we don't want to, you know, we don't want to piss off those, those, those, religionists. They're, if you guys own it now, this is not even from another person. His own stem cells cured is hard. Yeah. They want to block stem cell research because of some nonsense. And Chris Reeves had to go to Italy to try to, you know, get some help. Well, in the old, lucky like to walk again sometime in his lifetime. Keep up the good side, man. Thanks a lot, Pally. Thank you. 28 past 11 at 5, 60 WKM down with bush. No bush, man. That's it. No bush. I told you that long time ago, you wouldn't listen to me. That's right. Shave it off. We'll shit. Shame on you, man. Shame on you. See, I was in such a good mood. I'm thinking of it. Using open, you know, the VIP sportsbook dot, common soft floor is best sportsbook. You know, this is the time of the year that all the sportsbooks do their big solid dance, the big pony show and dog and make misleading offers to you. But did you know that 99% of these bookies are located in the jungles of Costa Rica? You might never even see those folks again. So this year, move up in class, protect yourself by doing business with VIP sportsbook.com. I said this year, make the switch to VIP sportsbook.com to the oldest, the largest sportsbook in the highly progressive and reliable Netherlands. 100% legal in license two. Listen to me and call VIP sportsbook.com now at 1-866. VIP bets to the best in town. Don't listen to some of the punks we got on a year because they just they would know their ask from your elbow. Sign up right now. You can bet on all south photo football and basketball teams. Juice free all year long. You want to bet on the dolphins? It's 100-100. You want to bet on the hercunes? It's 100-100. So forget about that vigorous. Forget about Avvagoda. Also, if you get a 20% cash bonus, not some funny money, nice play bonus. VIP sportsbook.com online or call them tool free at 1-866. VIP bets. That phone number again is 866 VIP bets. Tell me, heard about it on the world flaming the largest show on QAM. VIP sportsbook.com where you be the VIP column now. 1-866 VIP bet. Buy and local. Here sports radio 560 QAM. Up the button. I get on the phone. I got the monitor. Who's that a problem or why? He was for overpower when he heard about the U.S. He was just back to Crawford Ranch. Priorities from birth eventually he'll deal with this thing. Left to fishing. Who's just gonna take off all the time that he can when the problem's not. He's taking time off man while the teller is fought. And other plans can get you to. Who's just working on a 10-WOW. Who will know where. Who's just live on their everyday. They're saying no to boost. It's 1132 to a 560 W. You have another negative story coming out of a bank there. Yeah, by the way something. Yes, the girls there. Oh, that's interesting because once again I guess this is the new deal. Whenever Doreen, whenever she finally gets done and he finishes servicing that bitch, then he takes the van out and does these van hits for our best of meal stuff. So Miguel is there at the Shell Station corner of 27th Avenue. It's one of the world's people in South Bay. They're always belly-acorners central. Whatever you would call that. There is in the Gables. Shell Station corner 27th Avenue. Best in the year 2002 in 2003 CDs. The Mohour David of Keychain. Do we have any more to mad dog ones or not? Yes. Yes. No, I'm just going to relax when you come down. We came back for the story. So Miguel is there now from one. From now until whenever you're out, leave now. So whatever. So in the Gables, so on you know, speaking in Lace people, where would I know? See George, where would you that you raised only 40 bucks? Oh, that was it to Bill Siles. Yeah, 30. 30. Somebody's a man. Nobody there. It's someone you got made semiches for us? He's not doing here. Who are you? Carbom hits near Baghdad police station. They go to check the place. They're a wrecking member of police personnel killed in blast. A carbom exploded day in the morning. You're a Baghdad police station. Worked at surrender going training for the country's new police force. A US military representative said the blast kill in a racket is grabbed as police personnel. Whatever that means. This representative didn't say the victim was a police man. Some injuries also reported. Amulets is rushed to the scene as well as US forces who cordoned off the area in western Baghdad. Video showing on Arabic language TV network, L.J. zero showed a fire and thick black smoke rising from the scene. How come I don't see that on my TV? It probably because I'm watching the city pulse. A police official said they facility is still laying down. Especially before the state of the state would loot dogs. Oh, that asshole. That but sucking asshole that bush looking jerk loot dogs. You're an idiot, Lou. You suck. Man, if I tell you one thing. If his brain was as big as his ego, he'd have something. What a jerk. Have you ever watched him? Yeah, nothing if I can help it. Right. Hey, man. Oh, and by the way, guess who's dead? I give up. He's still wearing a George Washington wig. Louis Rukhazi. That was the big cool that they made after they kicked his old asshole PBS. Who? So see it. Louis Rukhazi at a financial guru that boring old guy. It looks like he looks like Amis is grand pop. The bad news is Amis is back this morning. He's still dead. Louis Rukhazi. He sits there like he's motionless. His face is like the ghost of Rukhazi. And he's wearing a George Washington powdered wig. You know how like the British, the jurists do in Britain? Yes, the terrorist. The bad rest there is where it was the old powdered wigs because there are a bunch of Stagey old farts who are still in an astonished way. There are kings and queens and princes and princes and all this other crap. What a colloquial garbage. The only thing we got left to do here, the only work we have left in Canada is getting that old bitch off the currency. Oh, man. They want to put a queen on the currency. How about Harvey Firestein? Or you? Or me? It could put me on the currency. That'd be good for a few yucks. I'm not. I'm a hell of a lot of the younger and lovely are the nettle, bitch. That old smelly son. Netherlands, okay. Marijuana for medical use. First to make drug available through pharmacies. The Netherlands yesterday became the world's first country to make cannabis available as a prescription drug in pharmacies to treat cancer, HIV and multiple sclerosis patients that help ministry and answer them. You said that's an Amsterdam, which has made it come back by the way the green light is on and you can still go there. I mean, they don't want you. I mean, I'm so tired of how come you don't want to answer them, you're I love it. Especially compared to South Florida, compared almost anywhere in the US. The Netherlands is making the drug widely available to chronic lesal patients amid pressure on countries such as Britain, Canada, Australia and the US. To relax restrictions on its supplies and medicine. Yeah, hold your breath while the DEA is busy raiding legal places in California where they're growing a pot for disparate people who are sick. That way you see, I mean, the differences are so stark and so glaring. Are they American people read that stupid? That they don't understand the difference between like real life and being living as an oppressed piece of crap, being treated like garbage, like like about your lemons. On to Ottawa is a limited use of marijuana for medical purposes, granting medical exemptions to about 500 patients. While it conducts drugs to examine the drug's therapeutic of benefits. Dux doctors will be allowed to prescribe marriage or we need a treat chronic pain, nausea and loss of appetite, and cancer and HIV patients to alleviate MS sufferers spasm pains, and reduce physical or verbal ticks and people suffering from Tourette syndrome, God dammit. From September 1, 2003 pharmacies can provide medical cannabis to patients with prescription from a doctor. Cannabis has a beneficial effect for many patients in health ministry said, How do you like this? This is the National Health Ministry of the Netherlands, saying making that statement. The Netherlands, where prostitutes in the sale of cameras and coffee shops are regulated by the government, has the history of pioneering social reforms. It was also the first company legalized youth in Asia. There's a lot of youth in Asia, probably too many of them. Two companies in the Netherlands have been given licensed system growth special strains of cannabis in lifestyle conditions to several of the health ministry, which in turn packages the drugs is applied to a pharmacies. You got that? I got it. The companies supplied to the health ministry in the name turn package and send it along with the pharmacies. As well as pharmacies, any hospitals and foreign doctors will be allowed to dispense five grand doses of SIMSIMM-18 medical marijuana For 66 bucks at tub and a more potent bedrock can at 105 and you also get a picture of a varny flint cell in bedrock. What? And there's a picture of it right here. There's the tub. Yeah. Cannabis floss. It says to be sure and floss after you chew this. They're not supposed to chew it. You idiot. Cannabis floss. Vand vaneterre. Look at that. It's in Dutch. SIM-18-5 gram. How do you like them apples? There's the real world and then there's George Bush's version of what used to be the United States. That's the difference. The real world and what used to be a great country, but now George Bush is turning into a repressive, fascist piece of crap. And he'll not see state. The neocons might ask, Neonatis is what they are. That's the real good correct way man. And how does misfudge feel of what a good girlfriend the misculture? Concerting with a bunch of Neonatis who'd like to put your ass in an oven right now. They love to put your faggotty ass in a guy they're not right now. Who'd end you kidden misfudge? Yeah. Well, what's just like with David Brock? Once they're through using your ass and what's they've squeezed all of the propaganda benefit out of your ass? They'd like to march you right into a goddamn oven, Pronto, Conto. Okay. What a disgrace. What an embarrassment. The Alice ran tells the misfudges that at least David Brock saw the light. Maybe you know better late than everything how that goes. Right. And Rich Pack. I noticed there's still no facts from Rich Pack here from the Packter factor. What time's he's you're going to be on? And speaking of big shots, Bill O'Roye, the show show up in the numbers. Oh, there's radio show in South Florida has still has a zero. Now I'm the only one that's telling you that because all of these other people, you know what the problem is in America? Oh. No, no, I mean, out of many. Never went down to it. Too many suckups. Yeah, I mean, you were asking me yesterday and you're pull about the media. Too many suckups. Everybody wants to write it. I like this Rich Packter thing. It's a puff piece. Where's the meat? Like Clara Peller would say you idiot. Where's the freaking beef? You suckling no wonder Paul Harvey Jr. Wishes you would cook a wicked death. My life and law. This is for 255. You're way too way. Me on God. The temperature is zero. It is cold. It is so freaking cold. And I cringe every time the wind blows. In my pants, something is shrinking. I'm so cold, I can't let sing. Let's be cause it's zero baby. And I cannot feel my toes. There's a feeling in my fingers. And my pride with parts of arms. Oh, my nose is above you for. Where's the cloud? Every time that I call. In my hands I'm blue. They are turning home. They might have you dead. My thoughts. Let's be cause it's zero baby. I can barely move my mouth. Oh, my nose. I'm a red heart, I'm thin, I'm thin. But first I need to be all the arms. Yes, I need to be all the arms. That's because it's zero. Oh, I'm pretty funny. I've got the crap over you don't step on me again. Although I still like and request. Especially that he ruled that ugly grotesque thing. It's his melanoma. That more on his whole. I'd like to do to and re-came. 14 to 0.563. 35 votes on a pool. What's the biggest problem with South Florida asking them. Boy, oh boy, there's so many. Where do we begin? There's 90. Ateba. Ateba. How many Cubans? 90. The brutal summer he committed in rain. 38. See, that doesn't do as well as in my. And then in the fall and in the spring. It's like most of it. In fact, I keep thinking about the last two winners there. They sucked. See, where time is when it's supposed to be in South Florida. Like it is right here in Toronto right now. And a temperature is a zero. No, the temperature is 20, which is 68. We're going to have like 75. They're 24. 75 Fahrenheit. What's not polite? Nothing. Anyway, the brutal summer he did. This thing is changing again. I hate that Eric. 38. Crooked politicians 33. Too many New Yorkers. 27. I don't know. Why? Consider what I said. 23. Too many old people 16. Too many black people 12. Too many sportsman. Too many old. That's why. Oh, why? Oh, I like Calcicki better. Stuck him and people are uptight and drunk. They're not friendly. I'll take him. I'll loosen himself. They're just not friendly and stuck on him. But in both in Scandinavia, there's so many like beautiful white people. Too many old Jews 10. Too many Red Next 8. Drivers 8. I thought that once they're at the end of the list. Too many. Too crowded 8. Too many illegal alien 6. Absolutely nothing out of 336 votes. Five out of 336. That's 1.4% Who say this is paradise. Like Moe. You don't know. That's probably Moe's audience. Same crowd. Same much of Nippwich. Yeah. And no sense. He just got there a little bit. I don't know. Give these people time to get there. This is the problem. You guys, you know, but Miguel, it takes people our audience a while to get there. Like most of the rodents take an hour to get there. And it's probably raining and just there. Oh, is it? That's right. It's crappy. And people got their orders out. It takes a lot of her robots to get there for their kayak. Miguel is in the QA in vain. You'll spot him right at the Shell Station on the corner. 27th Avenue is one in the Gables. Grove. Whatever. Well, somebody called the corrected. It's a girl because it's east. Right? Well, whatever. They know where it is. The Gables, the Grove, whatever. The Graibles. The difference being that there's a few more dark people in the Grove and a few more Queens, okay? By the way, I decided something. I hate to say this. But the article by Rich Pactor, which I am going to get to, but we see we're not doing that one or two comedy, but see more stuff than Wednesday. We're not trying to figure out why through. I admit it. It was a crotch. And we worked well. It was fine. I loved leaning on it. I don't have a lot of complaints about it. I don't think it was four hours of it every day. Oh, God's good to me. All right. Ha ha ha ha. Hey, listen, now that they've got this new attitude on this radio station, who like with Hank, Hank, where's about how many hours a month does Hank work? About 30 minutes. Oh, month. That's like an average of one a day. You know, when you take away holidays and vacations and ball games and all of that, you're the, the, the, the, the, Dave wants that show out of these things. He works. About 30 minutes. How is it a month? And this is the new deal. So we work less. We work less. Get paid a lot more. So as long as the revenue keeps coming as long as the spots is still there, what the week here, you know, in fact, five to eight in a morning would be a really good spot for a wake up with a smile on your face a few lands. Lots cheaper than that silly old man in his bag. Linking new sites, misdraged creates an internet success, right? Where's, where, where'd we had a fact from rich yet today? Oh, no. We don't like him no more. I mean, I'm not saying he had to do a sliced job on his guy, but why doesn't have to be a suck up? You know, why is everything in local papers have to be dealt with on a puppies and a suck up? Jesus. Rich, you idiot. So what I was starting to say is I didn't want to say this, but I can't stand. But you're not going to believe what I'm going to tell you. I'm bracing myself. One thing I cannot stand is this is accumulated over all my experiences my travels. I cannot stand. Faggot's. Oh my god. I'm not, I'm not talking about key people, okay? Because they would be bad because that would mean I would hate myself. No, I just, I just, I'm a fighter. I mean, people are, huh? Flamers, you talk about that. I can't, I'm not just talking about the way that they, not not that. Because people are, most of them can't help that. Right. They're not like Fiki Carlisle out there who goes out of her way to be a flaming silly obnoxious queen. I'm not talking that. I'm just talking about people who are just out of control, flaming queens. You don't want to talk about what I do. I can't deal with that. They're, I can't stand them. I don't want to be around them. I don't want to be near them. And even if they look good, which they almost never do, but even if they did, I wouldn't touch him with your hand or Tom or whatever. I just can't deal with it. There are no. I really don't. I don't like Faggot's. And they're, they're bad for all the rest of us, like me and a few of the others and I believe we said, I don't want to mention no names because they're some of in the closet. Right. By clearance. I just thought I would say that because it, not going to do any good. It's not going to change anybody's behavior, but she's just, I mean, pushy obnoxious Faggot's who just are. Right. How to control always like in heat, like a butterfly. Don't want to be around those people. Don't want to be near them. That's why like, you know, these, these, these pride parades, like the big one I had here, like several weeks ago. I don't want to see it. Now maybe 90% of the people in there are like very respectable fine decent. And I'm not talking to get about the affectations that they have no control over. But I'm talking about the real, you know what I mean. I don't want to dwell on those people. Yeah, right. Linking new sites, Matt Rush creates an internet success rights rich factor. He used to be a good friend of this program, up until this morning. Matt Rush internet personalities, a self-styled secret of truth, specifically of hidden and obscure truths. Yeah, like the misinformation you printed about this show and a whole cathartes, a harice episode that he breathlessly put on there and not too many about a month ago. Total bull crap. And he knew it because he was listening to God damn show. If there's a drug brand, he'd like to convey it so the relentless rumpled, ever vigilant newsman. So about the thing about how we killed the Sodom skids that are the first time, remember that? Uh-huh. Were they dead then? No. And chemical alley. Chemical alley who died about 40. How many times did he die before he finally got his ass in a ground? About 30, man. The truth is a little less dramatic rights richy factor. From his Miami Beach condo, George monitors television news channels and websites on three computers set up in his home orifice. Using Windows XP and other office shelf software, he updates his website, director port.com several times a day. Contributors to traditional print and broadcast media sometimes derisively refer to drugs who get national notoriety for his posting during the Clinton Lewinsky affair as a gossip manga or worse. Yeah, worse. But drugs 36 has turned drugs report.com into quite a tidy enterprise. By his own estimate to for, see, here you go. Nobody, I don't care who it is. Unless they've got a mammoth ego. A gigantic ego much larger than their penis. Talks about, you know, what way to near this number? By his own estimate to former convenience or clerk rights about 1.2 million year, including revenue from his nationally, syndicated Sunday night radio show with yours locally on WIOD. Now, do you know what I'm talking about? I do. Nobody unless they've just got a big fat pompous ego says, oh, well, here's how much I mean, if somebody asked me how much I make, I say, Nanya has an onion business. And by the way, Matt, it's more than you do. His internet site is mainly a portal in index of news stories that appear on newspaper and wire service websites. He writes catchy headlines for his top links, on med and by his own stories based on tips from his virtual network of internet informants, many employed by mainstream print and broadcast outlets. He's also a screaming faggot. No, doesn't say that. Should. Much of his transformation during the Clinton impeachment investigation came from leaks from journalists and political operatives. So what does that make, drugs? A screaming faggot. A self-hating right-wing piece of crap. That doesn't say that either, but it should. I'm a new man, and not a journalist. He said in a recent interview, not a fiber of this or that. Oh, he's a cyber something. He's a cyber flamer. Since his site is primarily composed of links to stories on other sites and is a weblog, commonly called a blog, how about a blogger? Nope, sounds too much like Booger, he said. Oh, oh, I mentioned that's something you know something about. Yeah, Booger. How about Booger? Yeah. I've actually noticed a lot about that. Don't you think? Uh-huh. Yeah. You buggering idiot. Grudge describes his own politics as libertarian with a small L. Though his part is a catalyst in what's called the vast right-wing conspiracy that precipitated the impeachment and he's brought him a dedicated right-of-center following which he continues to cultivate since he's a self-hating fag right-wing fag. Doesn't say that, but it should. See, there's like you left out of here, Bridgepactor. Make believe, uh, journalist, what? I don't even understand what this is. I thought Bridgepactor was like a record promoter or something. He's a Jew. Anything he can. He's just a little bit of this and a little bit of that. He's just like, what is that all about? I bet you're much packed there left those logs in the toilet. Because Booger sure some crap on his article. And that goes out about his nationwide radio son-in-it-radio show and the radio show is a news talk program is dreamed. WIT program director, the anxious Peter Boulder said, oh, he started to quote that as, oh, what is that said, yeah? And judging by the show's ratings, it's a listeners delight as well. George also feels in front of Lee for Tampa's Todd Smith, who show also wears on WIOD. You know, it's really interesting for a guy that calls and fixes us all the time, or she packed her that this is nothing but a pup piece for a misdragion IOD. He has such positive energy, Booger said, we always look forward to him coming to the WIOD studios. George also did a weekly show for Fox on TV last year, but at end of that three year, though still based in California at that time he said, California, he said Fox insisted the show originate from its newer studios. He acquiesced, but book frequent layovers in South Florida and we located here in time to celebrate New Year's Eve 2000. He avoids most investment in banks as money he said, because he doesn't know how long his sight and his reign were last. Oh, several more days. Stop third man. What happens if everyone changes charges for content he has since already started, who will be left to link to? Yeah, that'll be a problem for us too if we can put a link on there. Well, our website got a business. Oh, because that's not how we make our livelihood. And of course, Eric, it's just he'll make any money just to leave her alone. My life and love. This is for three of my six years. One day, two a half. Hey, I'm from out, you'll be on our Russian laden. And I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from jewels. I'm listening to the new rock. I'm gonna use the hour. Take a hand. Oh, rock. Rectom. Whoa, you Perry. It's hard. That one. spotlight. Try out. Watch for woofig. Oh, the chubby. Rust the ground. Yeah, this gets the bad way. This thing is the latest thing. But get yourself a vessel, Vee. Those handful rides can lead. This thing from out of the way. And it's up to people seem to like. You know you may even find. Do the right thing and reach out. This thing from out of the way. Yeah, this thing. This thing. Yep, from out of the group cage. Yeah, this thing. Welcome. This thing. Yeah, this thing from out of the way. Let me follow. Let's ride, ride. Let's ride it. Let's ride it. Let's ride it. Come on in five, sixty, double to cry. Oh, I discovered I got a anonymous fast who likes to dress up and leave his Brian panties. Bob, we're both our corporate chief engineer. Can you do that? Can you imagine that? Can you see that? Can you visualize that lovely green bra and those fashionable lace panties? Man, what a sight. Like a ballet, like a ballerina, to white green. That's a good question. You'll have to ask old Bob. Remember Bob Green? What's the biggest problem with soft photo? That's our poll question on neorodgers.com. There's another one. You know, something? There's some other ones we could have put on there. But I guess it would be like piling on. Right. Miss George lives here. O.J. lives here. See what I'm saying? Sure. Could have put that punch on it. But we won't. There we piling on. Too many Cubans, 97. A lot of people out there. A little frustrated with all the no-spigeting lays crowd. And what that crowd, you know, they're always screaming. The Latin Grammys. How did that work out? Was that over with? I had no idea. Come on. You are watching Channel 4 and up, Mr. No, I'm not. You're going to get it. You're going to get it. You don't know what a Latin Grammys is or was or like that? No. None of the above. Well, but Channel 4 was promoting the like the living crap out of it for days. It's a place I can recommend. No. Is that maybe that didn't look good? I think it's great. It was a good idea. You gave me to put that into the DCS. Boy, it's a two-bed. You don't have a lot of good stuff in your DCS. Like I have here and you're not getting this one by the way. No chance. All right. No. It's just not going to work out because I'm just not going to be gone from here that long. You know, I'll be there a few days here and come on. Come on. You're going to the wrong impression. It doesn't make a difference to yours. It's not like you only have one up there. I don't understand. You have more than one hard drive. I have more than one hard drive. You have more than one hard drive. You have your primary and your backup. All they have to do is switch out either one of them. Everything that you have is still already in there and here for that matter. Are you sure? Are you sure? They just update each other. Yeah. Well, I'll think about it. I much rather would give you guys a lot more work down there. Got to. Yes. That the lot in Grammys are tomorrow night. All right. Let's hear it for Scott. Oh, Scott Junior. By the way, see now we have a problem again. Come on. I finished the Carlos problem. No, we had to get rid of Beenerboy because we have two people with the same name. Yeah. Yeah. And they're just confusing. So we have freaky Carlos out of the front desk and he's never going to leave because he got pictures of Greg with every female in the building. So he's never going to leave. And then we had the Beenerboy Carlos and of course he's gone. We have another Carlos still over here in programming. Oh, yeah. Carlos Vigiri. Take carry. Whatever it hell his name is. Al Sigiri. Mary. Right. Quite a judge. I hear he's Cuban and he's hairy. But in any way, so we got three Carlos's away to my. But I'm talking about people who are like known to be honest. They don't know from Carlos Al Vigiri. Right. And then we got to Scott. Scott for real. What's everybody knows now and loves. Who's the real hood and a real pervert. And we like that. And then we got Scott Jr. There who's like, you know, you're a place Beenerboy. Other Scott Scott Jr. No way. I don't want to say other Scott. Just like that. I'll be Chuck Rapp. I mean, I was I think that I think that. Yeah. Contributed to his problems. You don't know. Which I don't want to get in any details. What is problem is worth. He just had some personal problems that like overwhelmed the whole situation. And we gave him about a bunch of chances. I'm 30 man. But then I was there. We just said no, mole. You know. And now were you told him that day when I said. No, no, no. That was great. That was outstanding. We could do that again in the millionaires. No, no, no, no. No, no, no. Oh. No, no. No, no. No. Ha ha ha ha. Oh. I loved it. It was a beautiful thing. Okay. Let's quit screwing around here. Okay. Let's do a talk show for a couple of days. Okay. Those years are got a lot of stuff. You're a rich, back to the rich sense of facts that apologize for this ass sucking college. Oh, no, and he never will. Because that's how fortify a bunch of phony's man. There are too many phony's too many butt likers too many people. I'm not too many clings on. You know, tingleberry. That's no. Yeah. That's what the fix it said this morning. He said, quick pick it up. I might tingleberry is okay. Who was saying that the beast? Oh, well, one of them, or both of them, of course, the beast will agree with whatever Scott says, you know, because the beast is just a suck up. That's what turns said. Here's a call from my any, hello. Ritter. Oh, there he is in my name. Oh, as he couldn't get through our lines, he's retired. How about returning to the magic room and leaving a few floated. I put the rest of the world. Okay, to see what you really all about. Here's a call from Val Harbor. Hello. Hey, New, I do love your show, New York. Yes, you are called for a product for the poll because I don't have the, uh, chronic. Yes. No, I'm not a chronic guy. Okay. And I know I was just talking all out. Okay. I don't have a computer, New. And I heard that for a fact, uh, we Cubans are, are the problem here in South Florida. And the reason why you don't have the reason. Is the reason there is because if we have us here, driving will be better. Oh, the old Jews. You know, well, also, George, they mentioned to you, New York, that being a Cuban and eating ass, uh, it goes hand in hand. Hand in land. Right. Hand in hand. You are on a serious note. Uh, I didn't know Dwight Loverdale was Cuban. Huh? Or Ann Bishop. I think, uh, Dwight's, uh, half a recon. And in closing, African. Um, he said, he said, I have for Connecticut. Have a great day, Palicadada here. Done. What you were had, Jesus. And that was excellent, George. He's a half for Connecticut. That is a rock standing. I love it. That's what a George is best lines of all time. Too bad. What's his name? He probably snorted. I know I said, what's his name? Did I mention him? No name. No. And I stab it. See, I do the thing. I know where to end right off the bed. You got to let go. Push it over to you. Always push and push and push it to the other. That's what I was talking about. He was pushing it in his direction. Although he wasn't a plane. He actually was like, Krilling. What's the biggest problem? So, you know, it's amazing. If the audience only had any idea that's all, I call him on Sunday. Okay. We always, it's a holiday weekend. I didn't want to bother him. But I knew I had to get it all to somebody to get the wheels in motion. Very slow. That place, especially in holidays, because we had a technical look with a connection up here. Okay. I'm mad in, of course. I'm going to be a little bit more careful. And finally, Clarence calls back and leaves me a message about how he's, he just, he just, the beast just pulled out and how could they write it up? You know, that's all he talks about. Is his inter- Electrical activities with the beast, man. And this is our program director. And you wonder why we're up again it. For all wonders why to hell. This is the most, see, this is a place. I don't want to get, I got off on a tangent's earphone. But this radio station is a place that succeeds tremendously, not be caused of itself, but in spite of itself. That's the amazing part. We could host a sales department, the engineering department, the management which believe me, you want to hear about Greg's read. I mean, it's just astonishing shocking. But it's nice to know the kid curious cleaning out his desk. I wonder if he's got those naked pictures of Anna's squeak in that gigantic ass used to, rape about. I'll be right back. He gets upset when I talk about that. No, he doesn't. I can't carry. We like John Geras. Yes, we like Maddie Bell, a little bit. I like Maddie Bell, you know, like because you got a personal ass to grind. Now he's talking about he's okay plus he's a little Jew. Plus he's short, so you ought to relate to him. That's right. Part of that story. Tony, the tiger. I'll tell you who we really like a lot. Troy Straffer, man. Yeah, man. Yeah, we got some nice people in the sales department like Anna. Madam's a nice guy, a little boring. But Troy Straffer, now there is, you know, I almost start thinking that I'm not racist. No, no, when Troy comes in. Because he's a pretty dark, you know, he is. He's a real African American. He's all African, whatever. He's all African. He's deep. He's a really, that's what Clarence said about the beast. But that's a good guy Troy Straffer. What? Didn't he wear number 23, maybe Scott would know. I don't think so though. I'm the dolphins. He doesn't know. Mark Higgs was 22. Huh? Behoo? No. Not the who. What language is he speaking into? Who? He's from Jersey. He don't know from dolphins. Oh, they from the dolphins. Okay, he's probably one of those jet fans. I hope not. Because if you turn out to be a jet fan, we're going to throw your ass on the mohawed David and show. No, sir. Thank God. Maybe a giant fan? No, sir. And when you got a dolphin fan, come on, spill it. Come on. Well, let's hear it. Don't be such a pussy. Okay. If you're going to have a gun cancer. You're what? Oh, yeah. You're what? I did not even on the air. Personally, he's too afraid to tell us to admit. I mean, even more admitted than David, nobody was listening was a jet. All right. He was 23. There you go. Once again. There you go. Come through. What a memory. You know, seriously, I'm not joking about this. You hear me say it a million times. I'll say it again. If my mind could trap the important things. I was like, I strive desperately to remember. You know, like, like, where I just put my glasses or anything. Sure. Life would be so pleasant. But my mind is just, it's saturated when you're going to be in old far like me. There's no room left to be in, you know? And as a result, my mind is loaded with all these obscure things. Like, try Stratford's uniform number with a dolphin. The Omar's junior wins by 10 lengths with a horse called Chocco. So that he's all part. Ray Cruck wins with a horse called the Happy Trip by 15 lines. So Jackson Hardness Raceway. I remember these things like they were yesterday. And then, and each, see, I'm not really that keen on how I know that most of the brain is not functioning. We still haven't developed a good chunk of the brain. Never played in most of our management. But the fact is that whatever part of my brain is working, it's loaded with crap. Maybe that's why. Maybe there's a liberal thing there that forces me when I see a public toilet where somebody is forgotten to flush. I just feel like I'm responsible for getting rid of the crap in the world. You don't say, you're just a good guy. How many of the people do you think would stand there? I mean, I can walk right out. You know, I do. But I want to get rid of it. And I certainly don't want to sit down there and do anything. I don't want to see the marriage of the turd. No, no, no. You're at, I don't want to know about it. No, that's dangerous. I mean, they might not be from the same family. You know, might be incestuous or something or whatever. It could cause a chemical reaction. You turn. Fumminus passed no. The beast is down to 254. Now, I will say this. He was down to 26. He started this thing at 284 balance for life last year. And he lost the. What was it? 58 pounds. And now if you go back to the 284, he's lost. I'm good. I'm not good. But 54 because he went. I know it's interesting. He went off and he was desperate to get back on it because he knows that it. We're going to keep him alive. And you can do the same thing because everybody in there, brother now is fat. I think George and Scott there and who else and Scott for real. How many not fat people do we have it in the middle? And Greg. Right. The stuff looks pretty good. By the way, the stuff. He's not fat. And that's it. John Jarris has got a little punch. Oh, maybe he's skinny too. Very punk. Sure. But everybody out. Ray Perry's got a public. Right? A little bit. Yeah. How did it? A fat world. It's getting fatter by the men. And not say if you don't care how you look. That's one thing. But if you're out of shape, it's bad for your health. And you become diabetic. And then you can't eat most of the stuff you love like me. And then you die. That's the way it works. Balance for life is the answer. A lot of you folks are looking for because they do all the figuring out for you. You don't have to worry about what can I buy in the store because you don't buy anything in the store. They do all the figuring. There's no cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no calorie counting, no carbohydrate counting. They deliver right here, dole. A little black sack all your food for the entire day's in there every day. Three gourmambles. Two delicious snacks. It's all in there. And you get to choose between two alternatives for each meal and snack every day. It's run a program. You fill out your little menu. You fancy back to them once a week. That's it. And then just grab that sack grab your sack. It's six in an AM. Let balance for life. I hope you lose that way once and for all if you're frustrated. If you try it every other weight loss program out of the sun. If you've been ripped off for a $0. $0. $0. And you're still fat in other shape. Here could be the answer you're looking for. Call balance for life today and check this out. Call 9-54. 5-6-8-32-29. 5-6-8-32-29. You'll start seeing results within just days on that scale. Or check them out of the way. But balance for life. 5-6-5-6-6-5-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6 And finally, Superstar of the Porn Industry, Larry Flint. Welcome to you all. Now, let's play. Who wants to be California's next governor? Here's your first question. Hands on those buses. In good luck. Question number one. What is the capital of California? Auto-bop would be cool for an egg on- Oh sorry. Larry? Not only is it the capital of California, but it's the porn capital of the world Los Angeles. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Sign. No. Gary. Hashanah no fool. Where you buzzed in? What you talking about, Regis? Let's move on to questions too. Dylan, spell, California. Gary? What? Where you buzzed in again? Huh? I just went to my probation officer yesterday and I'm clean. I ain't buzzing on nothing. Oh. T-E-R-M-I-N-A-T-O-R. You just spell, Terminator. Correct. And it's now playing at the theater near you. Where you C-A-L? Good. I-F-O-R-N-I. You're almost home. C-A-T-E. Well, Larry, you just spelled California. Oh, I'm like a governor. That's what we're changing the name too. Well, on right hand, question number three. Hands on the buzzers, and good luck. According to the most recently adopted California text code, what is the maximum amount of non-reported income that can be itemized on a Dinden Form 17D without incurring a penalty? Arnold, breach. I would like to use my phone a friend and call my wife Maria. Time's sorry, Arnold. You have no more phone a friend's left. Vama, you see, she handles the checkbook. Larry, Texas, who pays Texas? If I'm elected, nobody's gonna have to pay a damn dime! I see. Gary. Now, Ray just haven't worked as a security guard over the Fresno Mall since 84. And this dude might create when he's got to be in pay me under the table. You know, but I promise if I'm elected governor, I'll make enough money to know what the hell you talking about. Ha ha ha, Coleman's getting paid under the table. Carful, you don't bump your head down there. Huh? Now, I know you just didn't make a joke about me being short. What are you going to do about a little money? At least I don't sound like some Australian kangaroo. I'm from Austria, you will run it, mid-Jig. You know, if I was a slow damn busy proof-reading a sub-temperature of us, for amazing, I'd get out of this wheelchair and shut your mouth up! What you talking about Larry Flint? I would like to take both of you and twist you into a stool. Oh, you're not going to do that. You're going to do that. You're going to do that. Oh, what do you know? It looks like we're out of time. Be sure to join us again for another exciting episode of Who wants to be the governor of California. I'm waiting for you. We're out of here, orange and orange. Oh, we're going to John Hinkley Jr. wants to... He wants to out. He wants to unsupervised visits in the answer. Will be no chance. Do you think there's any chance? No. Damn all it better not be. Here's a lady in Hailea, hello. Hello? Yes, ma'am. Hi, how are you? Great, how are you doing? It's great, a good. Neil, I just wanted to, because I haven't been able to get a hold of you lately. I just wanted to welcome you back. I'm glad you're back. It's nice to hear your voice. And please tell Jorge not to take over again. Okay, don't take over again, Jorge. Okay, and you know what? Mofo's gotta go. Okay. Okay, I don't think we'll take it. I don't think we'll take it. I don't think we'll take it. I like her. She was very good, even though she hates you. But, oh, she don't hate you. She just doesn't take over again. Okay. Maybe that doesn't mean don't do the show again, although I think it might. But, uh, don't take over yet. We're gonna do that poll in a few days. Once we get to a whole lot of inspaming, once people are back from their summer trip late. And we'll take the poll and see, I thought you did a fine job this summer. I didn't hear too many minutes, maybe. Not third man. It's all I heard, but I didn't hear like a whole lot of complaints. You know, everybody's pretty happy. Had some of the people looking, you're asking, because they know you're into that. Saying, you're like that Teddy guy, mine, George kicked ass this summer. Kick that him. And saved one ass saved the life right there in the studio. And then we'd Scott, the real Scott. Both of them, actually. Oh, and also Scott Junior? Sure. He said, it's quite a being a jet span, huh? He's not. I don't believe him, because if he was going to answer the question, honestly, he would immediately have said, I like the red skins, or I like his something. See, but he's not going to do these equivocating. I know, Clarence's favorite team is, no, I see, we're not talking about clearance. I know what his team is. It's the butt team. No, the Packers. The Packers, yeah. See, the guys doing stick now, because you won't give us an honest answer. Shame on you. This is not a good way of not getting them off on the right foot. We like the truth, I'm going to show you what it hurts. You want this embarrassing like being a jet span. Hey, Mo, his family attends the dolphin home games with a green and white painted on their posts. Is that incredible or what? And the fact that people are actually seeing what's painted on their posts at the game, that's kind of embarrassing, too. What's the biggest problem with South Florida, or last today? I think the number one problem is that Scott Junior won't tell us what football team he likes. I like the Patriots, I say, proudly on the faded Patriots who went to learn O in the year. Give it up. Scott, yeah, give it up, Scott. He's not going to say it. They must be something right. All right, all right. How about the Titans? Maybe later. I got news for it. Just continue. I'll show you. There won't be any later for you, sweetheart. What's the biggest problem with South Florida? Too many Cubans, 112. Look at that. It's double the next category. Are you impressed? Except with that little lady in Highly, she was great. Huh? Oh, yes, you like her, because you don't like you. Well, that's just the way it is. You just a heart-ass. Yeah. Ruedness 60. The brutal summer heat humidity in rain, 44, and I apologize to folks down there for the fact that you're all over the place waiting in boots up to your ass. And it's sunny and beautiful here. What's the temperature to run right now, George? Oh, and the good news is October 2nd, Mark that in the counter. Okay. Ernie Eves, the right wing asshole, a premier of Ontario of this province. It's an off to the election October the 2nd. He's going to get his ass booted out. Oh, yeah, let's hear it. Bye-bye, Ernie Eves. See, God created an Adam and Eve. Not Ernie and Eves. He's got to go. Ponte and he will. He's going to get his ass booted out. And what I just say? I don't know. Come on, get with it. I'll go with this. Ernie Eves, between you and Mr. Becouse of India, they don't want to tell the odds about the patriots and you interrupted. Oh. What's the biggest problem with South Florida? Too many Cubans won 12, Ruedness 60, the brutal summer of stuff 46, Crooked politicians 41, too many New Yorkers 37, it's a toilet 28. Man, somebody flush it. Please, shove all that stuff in the Everglades. Too many old people 19, do like they do in Amsterdam, just shove it all in the canals. That's what they have that beautiful brown water. They do. The canals are brown. But at least they don't have things floating around the toilet. Although I did have that lovely split level toilet in the first department. Yeah, it's a little hard job. I want to talk about that. I think that had to be. And I find out that that's a fairly common place in certain parts of Europe. They have the split level toilet, where you make you a deposit to kind of like hangs there on the ledge hanging out for a while. And then as you when you flush it, the water supposedly shows it all down toward the front. Not the rear, see what I'm saying? Right. For the front of the board is like the opening. And then everything is supposed to go by by. Well, it's a great concept. Too many old people 19, uh, two crowded 17. That was the late edition. Too crowded. Too many black people 17. Too many illegal alien 16. Too many old Jews. 12. Oh, I. Drivers 10. Drivers not to a nearly as well. Even over time we do one of those shows they call named bitchenameo. And but that means that even though that's annoying, it's not in the same category. Not as it's not as bad. Absolutely nothing. It's paradise is really moving up fast. Now it's got. Yeah. Aren't you impressed? Of course, that's out of 437. That's only 2%. And too many red next eight. I guess we're going to talk about the other parts of Florida. Too many red next would be maybe number one top five. Because that's all Florida basically is. Outside of South Florida. And not that we don't have plenty there. You got your P-Rine and you got your a Davy and you got your, you know, plantation acres. We got a few red next out by me. But generally speaking, it's uh, I don't know. Do any Americans left down there? No. And if anybody, if I ever come there again and somebody has one of those bumper stickers. Well, why is America leaving? Please bring the flag. Oh, Jesus. Right off the bat when you see that, you know, red neck, red necky man, red necky. Hate you Cubans and him Jews and fags and combs and, uh, Oh, man, red necky. I'm not really big on red next, you know. No, you ever noticed that. Yeah, it's a pattern. But I was hiding it. 26 past noon. We got the mad dog at two or back to a real schedule today. We're like, almost to be a radio station today. Thanks again, if I could close personal buddy fix it, who's one of the few real engineers I've ever met in all the years of it in this business. He's, if you notice that, how he, yeah, he's great. He cares. He cares, but not only is he care, but he knows what he's doing. I know that's a really revolutionary concept in that place. But here's an engineer who not only talks to good game about well, let me see if I can do something, but what he does, he fixes it. He wants what we call him fix it. Jim Boris Yeltson. I'm trying to think because he did work at IOD, right? Not well, I was there. Oh no, he like I said, I, boy, that's the goes way back. He and I go back to INZ. That's what it was. The INZ in Z todays because I had the feeling, now he didn't have the big screwdriver in his pocket. That was Steve, what's his name? Ziggy Steve Ziggler. He had something big in his pocket, big Mac. No. 27 past noon at 560 WQM VIP Sportsburg.com is big. It's the biggest support supports of Arkansas Florida. You know, this time of the year we got how many sportsbooks advertise an estate should but put me. Everyone who claims to be the biggest, the best they give you all kinds of big song events. They've got some of the underlings on the station doing their spots. 99% of these bookies are in the jungles of Costa Rica. You might turn your body over to them and never see them again. This year, move up and clash to VIP Sportsburg.com. It's the oldest, the largest sportsbook in the prestigious Radical Netherlands. 100% legal and license to have no fears. So, call VIP Sportsburg.com right now at 1-86-6 VIP Betts because it's South Florida's best sportsburg. Don't settle for a second Betts or TURD or fourth or anything like that. Sign up right now. You can bet all the South Florida football and basketball teams. Juice free all year long and God in South Florida everybody would love to be juice free. What about under dolphins? It's 100-100. The dolphins. Remember Mark Higgs used to be 22 in Troy Stratford, 23? You want to bet the hurricanes? It's 100-100. So, forget about the big. Also, I'm up to get a 20% cash bonus, not some funny money match play bonus. Even the prestigious Dave Higgs knows that these people are the best in his plunger. You know where that aren't you? Yes, I am. Plungess his guts out his wife is psychotic about it. Come some forget about bread money. He don't have two nickels to rub together. VIPs? I beg of her? She works. And now you know why? VIPsportsport.com, check them online or call them at 1-86-6 VIP Betts. And full member again is 1-86-6 VIP Betts. Tell me about it. And the most prestigious managers you're here on QOM. VIPsportsport.com, they be the best. Where you always are the VIPs. We're sports-win-U-5-C-C. QAM. Stand cool, ladies. How? You never know when the power might go. No, stand in a public mirror. This is the worst power out in American history. And we're not batteries. We're going to do. We're going to do. Introducing the Hummer TH3 solar powered vibrator. Oh, that's it. That's it. That's it. I need more power. Then you should get the Hummer TH4. Who clear powered Kickstarter remote control vibrator? Hummer, alternative energy vibrators. They won't leave you. 232-5-60, WQM happy Tuesday to September 2. We got a Zillion... See, now I was going to be between now and to a clock take a million calls and look at that. Now I realize they got impatient because I've been rambling. Which is fine? That's okay. Say, lovey. But just like I was going to take a billion calls and I was one call on the board. That's pretty sad. 5-6-705-60. On a AT&T Verizon Wireless Line. Anybody call in and say that they wear brown guys, Bras and Patti? No. No. I think that's a really interesting question. Which do you find more objectionable, eating ass? But like you said, the Cubans will put us out of business on that. Why should nobody ask? Only 10% of our audiences, Cuban. Yeah. And more than half of that. So in other words, you think that more than 10% of the guys will listen to the show, dress up and Bras and Patti's... No, that's the show. It's my thing. That's that's your comment. Oh, you're talking about the dressing up, and I'm talking about eating ass. Does anybody have any idea what this man is talking about? Yeah. At the Shell Station on a corner of 27th Avenue, S1, you'll find the lovely Miguel and the Cuban van right now with all the best in the merchandise and the mohawdibited and Jimand, it's keychains. That's in the Gables of the Grove, which are really a perfume we have so far. 240. Do we really? Yeah. That's not too bad. He's been there what about now? Let's go now, right? I think. Huh? That's not great, but it's in the Gables. Do we have any audience in the Gables? Oh, see that's the problem. We haven't since the alien thing, man. That's why it's America. We do as well as we do in the numbers. Because since the alien thing, how many holios have we got left listening? About 30, man. That's it. They hate us. We got that nice leading highly. She was a holiette. Very nice one too. That hits you. Probably a recon. Ah, geez. Here we go again. Here we go again. When that lovely lady died, what's the first thing George says about Silia Cruz? Is an alien? Probably really a recon. She was. Every. Every aspect that you don't like is a recon. That's that. It's just because we don't even have to ask. Oh, that are a beiner. Here's a call from Miami Beach, hello. Yeah, they sent all the Cuban here. They sent one of our all-time favorites. Yeah, it's Dr. K. 80. That's how how far it goes back. Holy Toledo is Rick Weaver would save here. I was there. I was there the day that you declared to be a. But I don't. But I don't. December 17th, 1976. I came out of the closet and I was listening to that. I'll be then probably felt right off the guy named Sheer. There's an ID noise to vote. We have too many crooked politicians or too many Cuban. But anyway, the crooked politicians are mostly Cuban. So I voted for too many Cuban. Pretty sure to be too many right winged Cubans because there's a lot of normal Cuban Americans. That's your large. That's a good thing. You're getting the same by you. Just crack his knuckles. Did you hear that? Yeah. Yeah. That's how sharp my ears are. I just heard George crack his knuckles in a back while I was. I'm the lady from the high alley of that call and don't like George. That's his wife. Hey, listen, his wife has never said anything that nice about him. What that lady said. Believe me. Well, anyway, I'm listening. And I wish they'd since she trapped him into that arm line of kid. But anyway. And you put me to listen to more too, but I couldn't take it. That's a loony. I don't blame you. No, no, no. Oh, let me go. I stick to your real fetus. Bye bye. I'm even urged. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. What's the biggest problem with South Florida on our prestigious pool? 452 votes. See, we need to see some evidence that, you know, like the town is back, the audience has backed it. That there is serious about putting all of that crap behind it because Labor Day has to be the dividing line. You'd think kids back in school this week, right? Party's over. Just like that one awful spot that I got because Troy Stratford is much as we like a number 23 is too lazy to write us any new copy for balance for life. Oh, summers over. Party in an and it's dated September 9th 2002. 2002. And he gives me the copy like in a middle of July. And that was you always say in a middle of July and Florida. Oh, the summers over. No more barbecues. Sounds good to me. Yeah, but of course that would have something to do with credibility, which is not not in our vocabulary. A QAM. 2002. 2002. In the early 1962, the brutal summer heat humidity, the rain, the oceans in the streets, 47. Crooked politicians, 43. 2002. 2009. It's a toilet, 29. 2002. 2002. 2002. 2000. 2000. 2000. 2000. 2000. 2000. 2000. 2000. Nothing. 2000. 2000. 2000. 2000. 2000. 2000. 2000. 2000. I'm not talking about how about Miramar now. There's no white people in Miramar. No, are there? Nope, just that one chronic that's always affecting that melt content. What else is name? Somebody in Miramar. I don't know. I know. Content. You know what I'm talking about? The gun not. Don't get it. It's the squeeze in the right now. And it's piece two. He's squeeze in his piece. Here's a call from Miami. Buenos dias. Why are you so miserable? Oh, God. Himmai. Why are you still there after a hundred years? Go away already. Okay. Go away. Come back on another rainy day, which will probably be tomorrow. He'll be back. The number that's a guy. This is this guy is like four different chronics. It's the same freaking guy. A new level of obsession. Oh my god. This guy makes Eddie that any guy. I meant palin and a win significance. Even that laughing. Hi. You know, makes him pale. Like I said. We were doing screenless and he called yesterday and said the effort on the air. Really? Yeah. This this this is not case or your Gilbert. Oh, nice. Lovely. Nice. Go on. Gilbert. You jack as you civil in. You invacil. You miss fit. When your co-bottle glasses and your retard personality. We hate you. Gilbert. Like poison. We're gonna send you to Rick Riley's house. He's gonna spank you every day. Which he probably would enjoy. I like that. He would enjoy being touched by anything alive. Rotons and sex anything. Even who is gonna get west now. He probably reaches our mouth for the skaters just just like have contact with something living. If it wasn't alive. Ever see him in quasi-motor together. Here's my any bonus deus. John Bob. Uh huh. Boring those guys are so boring now. Four lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yes what's the pool? I'm bigger perton. What's the pool? Which asshole I called it? It was the most defensive. I think you're it. What's the pool? I see what I mean about these people. I think that one to two our heads are real promise. I think we're developing something there. Don't you? Absolutely. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. And you wonder why I did that seven months without no calls? No, I don't. I mean I'm talking to the audience. Oh Scott by the way is a jet span. Because it doesn't make any difference what you say now because there's no way. I mean I thought about it for about a few seconds. I thought to myself, there's no way anybody in the world would be embarrassed to ashamed to admit in sound flow to what team what football team he was a fan of unless it was the jet speed. No that's on that motivation. What is the motivation? He's a prick. He doesn't answer a question. A straight question. Oh you mean Scott that used to work on his show? That's him. Oh. I vaguely remember him. Oh the Johnny Carson if Ab Calarais maybe the steady slim. Where did you have that? I read it in the toilet. Jerry is from the one month long. Did you know there's a place just 60 under the earth where you go when you die? Regicate. No. I picked it up in the toilet. Here's what you'll find in the toilet. This week. Princess died gave birth to a 65 half show horse. John had these come back in a spaceship with a super new diet. Bird is dating Johnny Hingley to make war and jealous. I'm sleeping with Joan Collins and I don't even know where did we death? Is the toilet. But national toilet put a quarter in the slot and we like the world for you. Prop 43 and the reason I play this I want to talk about toilets. Since it fits right in with what we've been talking about over here before that. Here's a fact. Markies was 21. Well who what running back was 22? Price ran for was 23. I would swear to Markies was 22. I'm now used to go to all of those games. But it goes to show you my Alzheimer's kicking in. Higgy was 21. Who the hell was 22? I Will find out somebody will know. Anyway, Scott likes the stealers. No worries. I'm very Oh my god. I freaking stealers. They need Franco Harris back and at more on Terry Brandt Shaw. God, give his at you know how much I would pay just so never have to see Terry Brandt Shaw and TV again. If you want to look up dumb American now, just if you look up an addiction to his pictures 20 Nathan was 22. Tony Nathan absolutely correct. That first you have a fan. On other as you knew that? Somebody called in told you that you are you really are full of crap. You are I'm like I think he's like a counter spies. What he is you I mean I said you up by the counter and spying it. He's for real's plan. He's the he's the a stooge a sabotwah. Exactly. He's an Ojan sabotour. At any rate you write Tony Nathan was 22. Higgy was 21 is now when I said before Higgy. No, Mark Higgs was 21. At least I got fresh red for his number. Right. Who the hell gives a crap about Mark Higgs? He was okay with he was you know. One of those typical I mean he went ain't no Ricky Williams. Ricky Williams Ricky Williams come on it's almost that time baby. Ricky Williams. Dolphins get off to a big start this weekend. There's open a season against a girls team. The Houston Texans Uh-oh, it'll be the same big that every year same thing would be like 3-0 or 4-1 something like that and then Then the bottom will fall out that'll be it Let's see now this oh I'm so glad you sent me this back. It says I don't know who has less of a life the idiots Organized this flash mob or the idiots working security who are jumping through hoops to shoot it down when I was in Amsterdam in the international hero tribune or maybe in the brick papers. I was reading about this flash mob crap Yeah, I never heard of it until right now. What's that all about oh you never heard of this? Nope. This is the new craze You know like we used to have hula hoops and then we had the right other crap now the new deal is well Let me just read the story alright Police tort random act of group silliness. That's a good way of putting it. Would watch this this is the Sun Sentinel Well, at least they got a little bit of hope Song rasp mills which has 26 million visitors here and we have no idea why Apparently had a problem with the crowd of on center the nominee of the crowd was not turned in man certain night that's what it says of 30 a group of mostly 20 somethings who communicated via the internet of course The meeting and greeting plays a very asshole every misfit in the world We're attempting to pull off south photos first flash mob The idea to assemble quickly at a predetermined location commit a random act of silliness and leave a be Worldard crowd behind that's what this flash mob is all about what you never heard of no, do they flash? No, no, no, that's not that kind of flash that's all because you're a pervert. Yeah, no, they just they just show up They communicate on cell phones and you say oh, we're gonna show up at the song last at that three 15 and like a whole bunch of these Assils just show up and they wave their arms. They're running around and then they leave. Oh, there's no new to the involved flash mob sprouted two months ago in New York and the trend has become compared to the harmless fun of Streeking in the 70s and phone booth stuffing in the 50s as in stuff it A police broke up together in front of the cheesecake factory in the oasis portion of the mall The wife of the organizer was hauled away from the scene the squirt dropped them all ground as no rest were made unfortunately But your assholes a sawgrass mills official left quickly without commenting saying he would return but he did not he didn't The episode an attempted synchronized activity that could rival the bank robbery scene in the movie oceans 11 went down this way and it's got a whole chronology 710 PM a maintenance worker near the cheesecake factory. Let's have a visit or listen them the walkie talkie police are saying We told her if he goes off he'll be if it goes off he'll be arrested 713 police and most security established their president of the cheesecake factory in election two minutes behind schedule Erics wife holding a dollar bills as let's do this in most in front of a group of ventures a man approaches her to trade bills But two officers generally so I guess what they were gonna do is They're supposed to made a 713 in front of the cheesecake factory have a dollar bill with a word mob paper clip to it and exchange bills with other flash mobbers After five minutes they agreed to drop the bills and leave that that was the deal Now this Like like the caller who called earlier who is very serious and rightfully so about about bush about the war about the lies about politics I mean granted, okay, life is short have a good time screw your brains out, but but to be wasting time with cocka like this With mob and it's not just an American thing the brits were doing this too, but I guess it started in New York and it was the bridge, you know Being a bunch of monkey seam monkey do crap Is that pathetic or what flash mobbing great? Thank you the wording and you want to know why that's the American fucking way exactly the silly It is the more ancillors and of course 20 something's there you go it figures I mean is it the same people that haven't even got any idea what they'll you know what's up and what's down? I have no life organ Jack Horowitz of Tamberx spending the usual half hour Saturday night will wait outside the cheesecake factory What he says I didn't know what that was going on needed the cheesecake factory workers and other on workers in Tampa last week a flash mob appeared at a mall and saying take me out to the ball game near a statue of a baseball player You ready for that? I think I think America's lost it. I think that's what's going on here I think they've just absolutely freaking lost it Where the hell is taking me out to the ball game is that anything? Various versions of it. I'm sure it is what we have the original Harry carry version Oh, but we also have We have that So anyway, that's so that's a deal and many Apple as flash mobbers all paid their cell phone ring tone at the same time While one person conducted They played their cell phone ring tone. I'm beside myself Eric said that recent local stories about flash mob is including Saturdays mentioned in the Miami paper the one would go down to the west bar I'm all tipped off the establishment which threatened to certainly conduct charges Saturday evening Sograss Mills approached summarize offices for ass assistance With all the attention you'd expect security to fight out or sit next time you won't go down like this. Who is this Eric guy? Does it say the name of the gun Eric Rudolph the egg? No no sir. I could be Eric is the activities organized but of course it doesn't I don't think it says the name And his wife and a bunch of other assholes you're a bunch of morons. Okay. I realize it's boring down here, but get a freaking life okay Good god almighty now if it was going to be a mutt like what I thought it was going to be Yeah, I can there we're going to go streaking now. Now if there's nothing erotic there's nothing interesting They're how boring it's just an opportunity for a group of people to gather and do some stupid thing and then run off either for a couple Idiotic it's just for stupid stupid people. That's all There you go. I mean baseball you realize is very boring and so here's something new exciting even more boring Here's a call from a lady in Pembroke pine so hello. Hello Neil yes I mean here's a go you helped me lose weight when you We're talking to our inside yes, big right and I've been struggling with my weight up and down I've just didn't follow the actin because I wanted something sweet and I just recently went to a doctor and he recommended a simple diet and I just had a share it with you and Your um let's know because I felt like you shared your back and with me and I was a happy well It's this really simple it's no sugar weater flour basically going back to to base Just eating vegetable fruits protein some dairy in the morning And I have my husband and I have lost a ton of weight and we feel so much better I just feel like the you've said it before the the company about their the food companies are just Durgging us with sugar every pie sugar and they sneak it in there two foods foods that have no business having sugar Food that don't need any sugar to make them taste better They're loaded with sugar like like pasta sauces all kinds of crap right and I just felt like I didn't even realize it I thought I was just addicted I thought I had a emotional problem or psychological problem I went to my doctor asking Maybe I need a hypnosis or a therapist and he said no it's just the what what you're eating is making you crave more All I wanted to do was go get a milkshake or go get Ben and Jerry's cookie though. I agree and meanwhile all it was is that I had just had to switch from From sugar to eating fruits and vegetables and protein and I There you go. I got some beautiful blackberry strawberries and raspberries my refrigerator right now. Oh It's delicious. I go if I want to if I want something sweet I go have some pineapple There you go Is it like this country is just Is being sucked in like it was with tobacco ever oh Have tobacco like absolutely just so we can make money for all the big companies that that's what that's what we're here for Don't you understand so they can fleece every dime out of our wallets? They don't give a crap what they do with us whether it's prescription drugs whether it's food No matter what it is. They're just raping the public and pillaging and squeeze whatever they can get out of us Well, I just wanted to share this with you and and you're listening maybe I can back to you or email you this simple way of eating There are all their problems will be solved as far as weight and if it's actually temperature To chill past a line of me 305 650 O198 okay, all right. Thanks for you. Thank you and keep it up. Okay, bye 189 I got 29 ago. You know I looked up that I don't remember where the whole was but there was a thing somewhere on the internet about your height Yeah, and gender and heart um what your weight should be and I put in five nine and it came back 120 9 to 160 that chart is way off Everybody's up in norms about that chart. Yeah. Yeah. Can you see me at 129 pounds? I look like I just left Auschwitz. I mean 129 according to the chart. I should weigh negative Well, don't you yeah, you're pretty negative Don't necessarily a hundred and twenty nine to 160 all depending on your name and your ass At five six and I'm like normal Your how much? 150 well, no, I don't I don't I don't get it because I should really weigh about a one 60 Okay, I'm five nine I tower over you over mid just like you and Maddie Bell But but no, seriously, one 60 would be my ideal weight and right now 180 nine So it's not like it's not like there's no light at the end of the tunnel. That's 29 pounds away And all the way there lost again since I came back here even also only been three days We'll also plus the last few days. I was there when after eight that 20 pounds of bacon that kind of helped Situation but anyway for getting about that for a moment here. The although really when you do a lot of Does help on a scale eventually Especially for you 20 pounds of bacon. Thank you very much. How he's but don't ever do that to me again Never wasn't there fault it was mine It was yours was your fault mine Go because you let me take that whole gigantic Thing I had the do with it you grabbed it your own day of self your damn right now All I want I looked in that gigantic how he's box all I wanted was like a little one of those little tin foil Rapping it's got like six seven slices of bacon in it right and instead Here's a box with my name on so like I said it's always fault. No, my name was on it. No, said Neil I mean you have to eat it. Here's about 7,000 slices of bacon and they're all real real fatty Just dripping with bacon grease mmm Dealish I love bacon boy. I'm not making it no mole. You're not making bacon bacon. It's it's not that's not good for you It's bad Anything that's like fried like that is greasy. Oh my god, just hear your kishki's out and I told I don't want to get grap But wow that I have a couple of days from that bacon Although I will say this with all the grease everything just slides up what do you want it to or not? You know just stand up Oh, did I do that? So speaking of toilets yeah, no, no, I have a toilet problem on my house I've talked about this before and never got no ass assistance from anybody Because it's one thing to just be sloppy and to be careless and more on and just you know do your business And then just get up and walk away without flushing which I did tell I also long grow But my uncle read my my father's brother who was the red sheep of the family and every now and then being Then heard a well he would show up at our house when we lived in Rochester and he would he would just hang out for Well because he was like a deadbeat. Okay, I skybed a deadbeat and so anyway He I guess used to live out in a country a lot or whatever He just didn't think too much about flushing You know well then he must not have thought much about wipe and either Geez don't worry smell like that. I was just a kid wonder what that was what's that smell? Oh, that's uncle read It's getting kind of red But anyway, so I you know that that was my first exposure to that but in my house and my in my bathroom the toilet is Maybe it's out in the acres. This is not like real heavy duty a water pressure heavy duty water pressure I say I know where you're going and so I'll do my thing. No, I I just get tired of having a flush Me four times that every time but many many times very often It's a freshly when you got that IBS you got all of the folders in there. Then it's really hard for the Just isn't sufficient water pressure there to go in and doubts suck it down here and when you've got to stand something I mean unlike you I don't want to stand up and look at what I've left I wanted to be gone. I just want to sit there reach back flush the magic twanger and that's it It's not the water pressure because the pressure comes from your toilet tank So you just need a different toilet Well, thanks. Are you serious? That's what I was trying to say I want a different toilet. Oh, no, it's the water pressure That's only like if you're in a public restroom where they don't have a tank where it's just coming straight out of the road You know what I'm talking about The pressure and the flush ability of a toilet That's that's a selling point when you go to the plumbing shows because they do have them that's a selling point for toilets is the you know How fast they process Well they process the matter Yeah, yeah, you're never done a The matter my band some toilets are better processing matter than others I see Anyway, we're gonna talk about toilets in the one to two hours. Better than that crap. We were with right Plain last period the matter and the splatter I see and does it matter or are you splattered? Fuck at the end of five sixty WQM I know you've heard me talk for a long time about lamina Serus and how laminated wood flooring from lamina Serus is the easy the smart The low maintenance alternative to very very beautiful but expensive natural wood flooring lamina Serus is the best place to find laminaated wood flooring from peridor pergo Wilson art Uniform and quits that they've got all the top names all installed by pergo sir to find installers Here's another reason why I ought to be calling lamina Serus their prices are so low they'll floor Right now you can get there some as special for just 1995 bucks that is positively correct just $1995 gets you up to $380 square feet of beautiful lamina wood flooring it is positively Too good to be true but it is and lamina Serus will match any legitimate but not for two for a free in homestimate No obligation call lamina Serus toll free and tell them that cranky old Neil for did you call 1 877 777 3336 What could be easy? They give you free carpet disposal free furniture moving at 25 Year's and Eons of beautiful easy care Laminate wood flooring call lamina Serus 2 day toll free 1 877 777 3336 Okay, this guy's around and when I'm up in Valkyrie take a slap in all women with paint and lips around the pole I listen to the Neil Rogers one to two Roger's Aaron balance one to two hours Whoa Box from the director of ambush makeover. It's ambush proctologist Surprise hey, what are you doing? Pugger off what's going on? Hey put my pants back on crack the foil Whoa ambush proctologist a real pain in the ass Hey come back you love your glove inside Now case you missed the beginning of that bet it went new on hoax See that was it well, no, it was my bad. I had a plot thunk as I was dealing and plus we got kind of a little bit the shorter breaks and we're out of practice for the one to do our So it's good we started with like a technical screw up on my part. Don't kill practice. Yeah, I admit when I screw up bad See unlike a Scott there's Scott Junior who's like, you know, Steve is fan. Nobody's perfect What I know I wouldn't admit it either There are certain teams that if you're a fan would like say to Cleveland Browns, but anybody say that No, of course not no mole. I mean, I used to be over like when it was really a real Cleveland Browns Jimmy Brown Bobby Mitchell Fudge Brown milk plum fudge brown fudge pack 500 here's somebody Francis and this is a good point. I would agree with this The flash mob thing maybe silly. No, not maybe it is but the fact that they were gonna wear rest of them is scary Ashcroff would be pro and that's right. I mean, it's harmless. It's stupid but it's harmless They're not like doing you know as long as they're not interfering with anybody's business, right? Right only there for a couple of minutes. They're just being assholes See I think I know that call me crazy You're crazy. I think that you're entitled to be an asshole if you want to be as long as you're liquid anybody's business life right? Or whatever Right if you want to reduce silly crap then go ahead do so at least it keeps them off the streets You know, I mean, they're probably something to be said for this. Okay. Let's hear about toilets Wait What 500 dollars Well, that's not too bad. Not at all for now on a half over there in no speaking in lace town in the gables or the girl We're gonna have a look at this not great So let's see 500 so that's another 260 is 18720 so if we could get another 280 which I doubt this hour Then we get us to 19000 for the best of a Neo4man and per rest your great cause and good stuff to best We didn't even have one out last year because the Miguel was too lazy and so was George and it blame in each other For what reason and maybe I was to I don't know we just we didn't get around what it was it's right built milk You know there's no use in arguing over a spilled milk, but it's Miguel's fault 18720 so it's got two years worth of really great stuff on there You know, just by the way I played zero before that then we could bet you want to why played it because you have it right excellent And I can find it That's not here and you got the more Howard David and keychain which you have there. I can't play anything from a cuz I don't have one See I didn't I didn't bring either keychain up here. You want to know why There you go Reason I didn't bring because I figured you know going through customs is probably not a good idea to have any kind of a device It's got like a button on it You don't say and a lot like a battery Battery in a button not a good combination on a plane so I yeah, I figured you can play it there Be something useful to do Okay, that's enough. I think So Miguel is at the shell station right now. Are you dating people you always belly? Oh, you always go to brown or you always go to brown You always running around in Okay, they're you can't get any more data. She's then he is right today. That's to me is like the epitome of the day county I'll just about when you say sure That's like a heart of the day county the corner the shell station in the corner 27th Avenue S1 the geables are the growth But I mean you want to call it. I think hell is a good term for it. That's okay That's right by where I used to live when I was a refugee now 27 Avenue But to show you how little time I've spent in date in many many years 27 have let's see now Douglas is what pretty something three second 37 Pretty good. That's not bad. Burr is 40 it's right correct Burr you get down to what 27th is like there's another name for that, isn't it? What's the June 36 is with June 36 42 It is yes The June is 42 are you sure have a new pause and 20 Nathan was 22 And choice track for now. Well, right now where's all the toilet the bull calls here? I'm looking for some help here seriously That is not a joke You've got a fact you sent me on toilets I'm sure that there must be some people out there that have the same problem and have gone out and bought the because that you can get the And it also saves a lot of water allegedly and that's the deal by the way What's it with why some toilets have more pressure than others is because some are more conservative towards water and also try to be quieter The quieter the toilet and the less water that it uses to conserve water the less Flasherability you have Well, my name is quiet the You can go away down there. Yeah, that's seriously It's a horrible thing. I mean, it's a pain and he has plus mine also I guess mine is one of those water conserving ones because it takes forever to fill back up again, right now And you just stay in here instead of and what I'll do is I like You know, I'll just close the top and go in and take my shower and it come back out and I hope I don't forget and do it again Especially if they'd made Coming a day. Oh, you you don't want to like I mean nobody nobody's that much of a slob that they want to leave a load in there It's one thing to leave a load in the dryer and a washer, but to leave a load in the bowl. No, that it's not good If you're not called style because you're old you might remember the old fashion toilets were loud and they would Suck you right in there. They would suck passing airplanes into it. No, I will say this to ones like we have there The the handle handle on the side with no bowl those aren't so much loud, but they're really they suck Yeah, they really suck. I mean if you got a thing in there like fat boy you must have really the industrial ones I want to hold that in the house, but but you can get those that's what I'm trying to say if we get any Crappier from the audience Here's Miami Beach where they know their crap. Hello. Good morning. Yeah, sir I have a poem with toilet books as a day. I move here everywhere. I'm gonna see your first movement I got a travel with that little pump, you know to clean up All right, did you see the toilet in Holland where to have the little plateau or everything stays for a while? No, the shelf yeah the display What any much disgusting thing You're you know your your power. Yeah, you do the first and then you realize that you know Some of it decided to go away and some of it decided to hang around a little while long and if you leave it for a while You know, you know, they're permanently anyway Oh, yeah, I'm going back to Amsterdam in November for a week great You're there great to have you back George. Have a good one You guys thank you folks. Hi, do it. Yeah, I would do it now. I would do it now. Child All of us. I mean's it tagging. Hello. Let's see since you're talking about toilets Can you play that bit turd talk that would fit right in here? Well And here's what it says what is this? This is a great cartoon Mm-hmm. It's a picture of looking through the rear view Look through the rear window of a south load a car and near the hands you don't see anybody just the hands reaching up on the top of the steering wheel And there is the antenna with a little bit of the flower little flower on the antenna Says the average dude driving through a hell and Dale. Oh, yeah And talk about detail. They even got the only forget turd talk. How like this isn't this is look okay. So, you know We got people like John Ascrop who think that the breast on statues are obscene So I'm sure that he thinks that to talk about ball movements. I mean, it's just a crappy part of life. That's all But if you have any kind of self respect you want to have a toilet that works man You want to leave there and you know you want to have that room anaceptic for whoever is else going to use it And you're dog like runs in you don't want them to like have a look on their push like geez you leave that here If it's your high dog, you're trying to especially he didn't been good one to talk. You know sometimes you'll lead skid marks In your underwear and your bowl. Oh, yes. I want to toilet with enough suction that one flush will even suck those out of there Now that's a good point. There are times when you have to flush again Especially if like here when on the day when my maid is coming No, I don't want to be no It's one thing to be a hotty now that don't bother me. I don't want to be a potty Messer, you know, yeah. I want people to think that when I go it's like Anna set the man It's as clean as like you know the vacuum That man don't poop in here Oh If they only knew here's Miami. Hello Hey, oh my any, yes, sir. Hey George. Hey basically our toilets the The top bowl off you're to go in and made it Use 1.5 gallons to the three and that's your big problem But the other thing you need to do is go to on people and you have a pepper has a power flush For the uses compressor Yeah, baby one press that you know Now you're talking now we are talking. Hey just sucks that thing that in fact if you're doing there you never see him no mole If we put most peace in there, probably wouldn't see it no mole Okay pal thanks. I think he just digots sucked out of the turlin The power flush is he serious? I think so why would he make a thing like that? I mean you I would be able to install you have to get a plummer You know, I mean I'm like I'm gonna start installing turlist. It's one thing for me to like flush your way further people What they look behind I'm not gonna start being like I don't want to get that much into it so to speak I don't want to get that deeply into it But sure they have that if they have the badeumatic they must have the power here's the call from the redlands It's toilet talk it says hello. Hello. Yes, sir I'm just saying that when I have trouble with my toilet closed down We just you know we go up on the roof and in a rude road or rude or doubt And it's the vent you know that actually lets the air pressure you know suck through so that it goes down easier The vent on your roof. Yeah, you know where there's a vent you know the ghost your toilet right? Yeah, they mean the vent right the answer calling on my anaccharine Yeah, it slows it way down, you know, so that when that gets cleaned out then there's no vacuum, you know, so that you let it flow Well, who do you call the clean out your your vents my wife calls me? Well, I ain't that's nice, but I ain't gonna call it I'm a man any bummered probably do that. I don't root a rotor router Okay, thanks a baling good day. Thanks a lot when it's out clean it out. He just goes up there and sucks it out. He said with a snake Five six seven oh, man It's been a long time since I've had to use a plunger, you know, oh, in fact, you know, I don't want to go into it Go the last time I had to use the plunger was back remember when my septic tank Yeah, that was the last rotor router episode When my septic tank, in fact, make a note in a buddy year remind me if I'm still alive remind me to get there Deceptic tanks sucked out. All right No, you can just rush them. There's nothing. There's nothing worse than walking into your shower And I've got a beautiful stall shower, you know, I know where this is going oh, yeah, yeah on a floor Oh, no, it's it's the old brick and so it's back at your routine, you know, oh, no, it's coming back We're trying to say goodbye and you're coming back for another visit but encore present hey, oh, man The curtain I ran edge shower. I held a long time and took the lice on the drain-o in the I mean everything a shower curtain call Prisco Slicked it up to make sure everything will slide out of there. We will fast Well, that's all the trouble. That's what the clearance says he does every time he hops in the old shower Raccoon when it does grease it and grease it out What's the biggest problem? It's out for what are we asked on our poll today on prestigious neo-roggies.com Too many Cubans 137. We're gonna do something about that. I would say to somebody here yesterday I was saying if if Castro croaked tomorrow and through some miracle a democratic government in suit which wouldn't have but if it did How many of these soft photo hysterical Cubans are always screaming? Fidale how many do you think we'll go back? exaggeration maybe about 10 To that backwoods banana boat place. Yeah, I mean, it's just it's the crepant. It's it's dressed. It's like an 18th More company now. Hey, what it used to be? Exactly no more than hotels Too many Cubans 137. Ruedenus 69. Ruedenus is just is see until you go someplace else like here where the people are so life You don't realize just how rude the people there are nasty the brutal summer heat humidity in rain 50 cooking politicians 48 too many New Yorkers 43 that's lined up there a little bit Too many New Yorkers in the wrong the wrong ones is a lot of nice people in the York one of they come and down It's a toilet 38 too many illegal aliens 26 Too crowded 24 Too many old people 22 too many black people 19 too many suppose Too many old Jews 15 Rivers 13 absolutely nothing. It's paradise 11 that's 2.1% out of five five hundred and 22 votes 11 say Oh, it's paradise we agree with old mo and too many red next to only eight So I was wrong you were right Want to see red next man just just take a trip across the alley. Yeah, you know what is it's kind of like we have the Berlin wall But nights on official you know, we're just going to wall and as real huh just know what the West poem Wow, but it what do you mean just know how about pojokino cachobi Palm Beach counties got plenty of red next man Plenty 14 at 560 WQM if you're underpaid overworked if you're under appreciated all of these things or some or whatever How'd you like to get rid of that job? How'd you like to get a real life and a real career which makes you some serious money? That's right and you can do it before the end of the year call our friends at fast train two day at one eight six six Fast train They can have you trained and certified like I said before the new year the demand for computer professionals is continuing the world like topsy And there's no better time than right now as I speak to get you a new high paying career Fast train offers you job placement assistance convenient day eating weekend schedules and with six locations now Including two in Tampa where there's a lot of red next. There's about to be a fast train right by you In fact in Tampa there's almost nothing but red next fast train offers financial assistance to the so qualifies well So call fast train today toll free one 866 fast train That's one eight six six fast train. Oh, excuse to stay in the dead and job one more day Say goodbye to your boss to that asshole and say hello to a new career by checking out fast train on the web a fast train Comment and calling them toll free one 866 fast train My Hello You spot your war it's time for church on the show that gets to what's really deep down inside of you and now here's your host's colon core wallets Good evening. I'm colon core wallets your host and welcome to turd talk The loaf lines are already lit up so let's just get right down to the phones Let's see who's on number two. It's Steve Steve you're on the air. I Coin I'm a first time caller who all right. We got a little something for you Steve hang on So what's on your mind well? I just wanted to let you know how much the wife and I enjoy the show and Hold on let me get to paper here. Okay, I'm back. So your wife loves the show. That's great tell me Steve You're wiping right now on you. Yes, I am okay. When you wipe do you prefer a forward stroke or a backwards stroke? I think I prefer a forward stroke is a matter of fact the wife is just saying oh, oh Oh, what's the man it? I think I just ripped the paper oh, oh, okay. How well did you get to wipe? Well, I got it pretty good. Okay. Do you feel any pressure under your fingernails? Yes, I do oh boy remain calm. You're having what we call a push through did you get any penetration? I think so okay. Just do as I say and everything's gonna be okay now is there any clothing on the bathroom floor? You want to look for something dot color. Okay. Let me see now pull your finger out nice and slow So you don't get a flicking effect. Okay. Okay. Did you finger out Steve? Yes. Now the first thing you want to ask yourself As you look at your finger is has anybody in the house really made you mad today? No, they haven't okay. Go ahead wipe it off Steve Thank you colon keep up the good work. Well, you are welcome and thanks for listening That's all the time we have for now until the next turn talk. I'm colon corn walls This has been turned tough the shield it gets down to what you're really made up One nineteen at five sixty wq. I'm now let's see line seven it says has the answer to my problems Hello, bro, I'd deal yes, sir. Hey, how you doing pretty good. I got your answers. Okay What you want is a total toilet POCO what is a total total? total. It may not affect your business land or its Japanese technology but they are the best focus on the market In fact with their demonstrated they will take probably a hundred green army men and the bag of Mega Marble and fluff them down in one shot. Oh right excellent. It's TOTO total TOTO is it's not a not a chief item but it's excellent and What they do they use a little bit of head pressure they'll put in extra water in the tank I like that head pressure. Yeah, I don't think you might and they're all of that they'll only take one point six gallons of water on the flush But the extra water in the tank is that they'll create some head pressure and push everything out nice and clean All right, thanks a lot, pal. Okay. You have a good day. You too, see a total I'm searching for it you and Judy Garland Yeah, you can remember that that was heavily featured in the Wizard of Oz Oh the total toilet Hey listen, I'm serious about this. I don't everyone I have to go through that again I'm gonna have it done while I'm away. I don't know I don't ever want to have to go through that two and it's like Laura's welcome and a one and a two and a three How many damn times can you have flush before you get rid of all that third man no way Do you plus it's a time waste? Do you know when you got a bowl that takes so long to fill back up again? I mean granted this may be kind of a schmitty conversation, but it's it's what we like it or not it's there and then you go in a way No more Here's market another happy It says happy power flush customer hello Hi, Colin. Yes, sir. How you doing? Spastic. I didn't splash the colon. I just put one in yesterday Yeah, you can flush your laundry down that bad boy really I wouldn't sit on in flush though. I think it might If there was that little face between the seed and the actual bowl there I think it would just kind of pull you down in there, but wouldn't be seen no more It's all built into the tank. It's just like putting any other one and you got the water line and two big old nuts down there on the bottom You grab all of them and tighten them up and you're ready to go a couple of other So another if it install yourself real easy Would you get a home depot? Who cares I mean this so maybe I'll scared or that's the way my attic. I don't care Maybe take fat boy with him. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. I don't you maybe you go to the uh when I was what did he call the power flush I'm writing these down. I got the total toilet and the old power flush. You ought to know because I just you know did a search for Toyota toilet and yeah, there's a a world of toilets. You didn't know existed out there. Wow So you need to go online and just oh and do a little bit of research Because it's right off my vacuum I mean there's some there's some designs But I don't think I'm gonna be installing myself. Plus I'm not gonna be there. I don't have my handyman Is he how you doing as he oh, he's okay. He had little thing Is he okay? He had little thing. He's okay But I'll have him installed. No, he'll he won't be off too bad anyway regarding the fascinating topic of toilet says this facts are here Josh When I was in Israel, I noticed the toilet thanks for position and we're above the actual toilet about five to six feet off the ground Now when you flush one of these personal and beauty is you actually had a move your feet out of the way because the force at which the water came crashing into the bowl Would always splash a little over the side I was wondering why they put the tank so high and it could only come up with three hypothetical conclusions One water person Israel sucks two Jewish people are really full of Schmidt. Yes. I'm Jewish. She says three no toilet plungers And it's really he can't use him on the Sabbath. That's a possibility. You know, oh It says that in the Quran You know, yeah, well, I mean they're trying to like you know suck up a little bit You don't have to play comedy bits with the tev material pouring out of the facts machine Says Josh also a possible Easter egg on the best of meal CD on the Fox News Heather song right after it says clapping Relips like and cold is roast beef you could hear a quick noise I've never noticed to be for listening to him's crappy signal. Thank you Josh I'm gonna listen that very carefully over and over again at the unexpected version once the show's over That is a part of the song that that's there, but there are there is a needs to rag on there. There is yeah Are you serious I'm serious? Are we supposed to find it you're the same way you find the regular Easter just supposed to come across it No, you're not that's not how you find the regular Easter eggs you go online and you look under movies and Easter at that crap You're like you're gonna discover you're gonna stumble on of that yeah, okay movies You will all you have to do is put the CD in and let it play all the way through and you'll stumble right over it Okay 567.0560. It's toilet talk on the truth. It was just you know appropriate right after labor day pound five 60 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line Here's Miami Lakes hello Oh my god, we got all your people worked up today to a friendly man Sweet 1 24 560 WQAM 567.05 so in other words what when I what do I look under? I do a search for what toilets? I just put a total of toilet in there and I got potty mouth Toto when I got a lot of other plumbing distributors that had varieties all these different varieties of toilets for you I'll be damn what a what a pleasure that would be How about the quality of my life a tenfold Here's a call from us. I'm on a wrong line There's Miami hello. No good afternoon. Yes, sir. Hey, just beware if you happen to buy one of those I am with loss my cape You're almost lost his wife taint taint Yeah, I see 567.0560 pound five 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line back home. I'll say Here's a call from beautiful sunrise hello sunrise God in it and push long on what do you mean nothing push I push five oh long on here's another toilet call from Miami hello Miami what is this yeah? How are you doing? Okay? You don't need all that stuff in the back of the tank or inside the tank you have something called a ball cock Yes, and what happens is it's not filling up the tank bar enough? I've changed that thing my mother's always leading me those Do have chains that ball cock more times than you can say it How do you do that it depends on the bulk Well, why is George? I mean George is like laughing is there about like a little school child is because you keep saying ball cock That's what it is Change as many well how how do you adjust it? You take the ball in your hand shut up George. This is important stuff Yes, it should tell you how to adjust the problem okay, well as soon as I get home I'm gonna go out and get new ball cock I don't know why you find you somebody must say you're better up here. Both houses Parents must be standing right close on your ass or something Be sure to down this morning So you just I don't I don't believe that I don't know No, I said that there's just too simple fun. It's just it just isn't sucking hard enough And when it knows I believe me I know when you don't suck hard enough You don't get the job done. Okay, so that's that's the problem man when it doubts send that stuff out Get rid of it Send it on long vacation somewhere send it to some tenth work send it to Costa Rico. Okay Now they got that they got the beautiful rain for a sentence like a Nicaragua when a people in place were sure okay Or one twenty seven at five sixty don't you can argue what that's right. Sorry Sorry about that audio a professional who he was on the ear down there audio Jews castes If you need to set your home fast fast cash home buyers buys houses fast hassle free fast cash home buyers buys houses in any Conditioning location for any reason you need to set your house fast. Maybe your house needs a new roof Flooring any other repairs or maybe a new turlet don't throw money away and costly repair stop and call rod today at One eight six six seven eight five fast for no obligation hassle free offer at fast cash home buyers They can help you solve those house problems. You have a vacant house Or maybe you're tidied dealing with a problem tended Maybe you're going to an early nasty divorce can they possibly be any other kind call fast cash home buyers Or maybe you're one two or three payments behind you inherited a property. You don't want and want to unload Fast cash home buyers can help call rod today at one eight six six seven eight five fast and let fast cash home buyers Give you peace of mind fast cash home buyers will buy your house today. You won't have to pay a single dime in real estate commissions So call rod at one eight six six 785 fast FAST for a hassle free offer on my fast cash home buyers saw those house problems 1 866 785 fast My And look all This is for 23.05 6 You Yeah I urge everyone to complain to the station coming up tonight Uninside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story They were already famous in their native Bahamas, but that didn't stop America from destroying their credibility By playing the living shit out of their song They were Bahamas Yeah, I'm on we are glad you like the music Tonight inside the behind unveils our documentary from the year 2000 in which Bahamas lead vocalist Isaiah Taylor was taken across America to see the effect as song was having a mination Specifically the effect that was having untied asked white people everywhere To begin at a pebble beach golf course with three of them white us guys imaginable shook their booties while waiting to be Oh Here's some Mec daddy Who at the dog out Whoa Please don't make me watch the city more man we then showed the Bahaman leader to a church social in alliance the braska with a gals We're really mixing it up Make it stop man, but we didn't make it stop Not until we visited the activity room in a senior citizen center in Riverside, California We One Pingo Who let the dog go Oh I am in pain man Please take me back with the Bahamas man Hey, they can have to flee the country because your dumbass song is getting overplayed The Bahamas ain't a bad place to go It's a big juicy shopping with luggage show business tonight on inside the behind 133 at five sixty w come the man dog coming up at two the humper from shool is back in town is for the second We got a marlins of the pirates from pp park tonight big game George will be pleased to hear agents says police did their best for man wearing bomb the pizza guy Yeah, that's what they said and then media is still saying was he a robber was he a victim? The And FBI agents says there was little police in e-re pencil when you could have done the save of man who said he was forced to rob a bank by somebody who strapped explosives to his body Brian Douglas Wells 46 was copters they would obama test was neck detonated while he and police were waiting for the bomb squad to arrive As he said in ground well said why is nobody trying to get this thing off of me? I don't have a lot of time Wells described someone arming the device strapping it to him He pulled a key out to start at a time or heard the thing ticking when he did it. It's gonna go off. I'm not lying minutes later Not seconds, but minutes later. They explosive detonated Sounds like they did the best job. They possibly could have done it Sounds like it to me And by the way it also says guess what she still did yeah 5607050 so what's your favorite the total toilet the power flush the outhouse or just maybe a nice warm spot in the backyard Here's a call from Miami when it's starting What is it? The LADY and Florida some LADY and Florida female and Florida hello Oh, hi, I think this is hello hi Yes, man, where are you calling from from a crazy place in Florida? From this is Mary and I've called you work from Rochester, but not the same Rochester and from Pennsylvania Oh well, what can I tell you? Same age here month and all that good stuff and like young guys and stuff But anyway, I just wanted to talk about the toilet and some fish and some broth Okay, in that order not necessarily Go right ahead, but well, I suppose wondered why I have that memory it's been a Been here in a memory yeah memory too that's it I came to your outway I have that memory of where people didn't flush their toilets and like it's like a go in their house Is it what this? I can tell you what it is in fact this this is the word the letters are just arranged differently in this For right four letters I mean I can't get rid of it and I'm worried about you're talking about it I'm not going to tell you Go ahead and talk about some fleets like you like blueberry for I can cover like a couple months ago To buy frozen blueberry blueberries and put The fun the almond and it's like eating a popsicle Splanda Oh, splendid yeah, no, I do that. I already do that. Oh, yeah, I'm a head I slice up my strawberries and my blueberries and my blackberries which I love and I put the sweeten your on him I have washed them off real good. I put sweeten your on him. It's a delish Yeah, but I like if you eat them frozen you have that like wonderful like long lasting It lingers yeah, for lingers Anything? Okay, and then I'm gonna tell you about These broth and stuff. I'm real confused about guys that like bra's and Ladies close No, I know they're not gay and I think well some are probably but most of them are not I believe well I'm into it. I like the idea. I think it's cute. I like to hang around because men are nicer Like they don't have all these weird hang-ups And especially if they like that but I don't know anybody but does that except one guy and he's like a big long guy He's real burly and he's real cool and I don't really Yeah, those are generally the ones that do it the big macho guys like football players and you know when nobody's looking I got that nice lace panties and brai yeah, do you know any inside information or does anybody out there? Can we talk about that some well maybe we'll find out we don't have much time today Maybe tomorrow we'll learn some inside investigative reporting Can I just say I love you? I do know that it was a lovely queen plan around the amends room go ahead I can only talk today to the call to talk to you because you had me laughing so hard you were an excellent Barricle you are the funny and I know funny people I mean in the world I know funny people too But even people especially lately. Well you have a great thanks We are thanks for the memories. I love you. Say bye bye. Thanks for the memories 5 6 7 0 5 16. Oh, this day has been almost too good. You know it almost No, seriously for the first day after a long Labor Day holiday weekend and after the official end of the summer even What's not on the calendar, but you know what I'm saying I do a shocker a pleasant shocker I want the reason this pleasant is because you're there and I'm here Yeah, well, I mean not pleasant for you necessarily well, let's see what the temperature is here right now It's a 22 which is 72 It's a sunny. I don't see no clouds in the sky. It's beauty is how do you like that beautiful sunny in 72 Oh, from midday it's pleasant And down there what is it about 95 in a shade plus it's raining and pouring and just the windy and lightning Ooh By the way, George Corso nice job on getting this thing all straight enough Clear it's next time we have a problem like that of any kind call up fix it get his number get his shoe size call up fix it And if he's not thick and dingo buries out of his butt that's interesting. Maybe he and the mokin have like a dingo burry off Okay, huh we have the beast be the judge that's the least we can do to him to pay him back For screwing around with our emotions the last year or so 560 50560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon marvelous line. We're talking about how to get a better flush Here's the call from dear field hello Yeah, yes, sir Can you put this on your I want to your buttons For the movie cool hand loop what we have here is a failure to communicate? I think we had that somewhere don't we George? I wish we don't maybe somewhere now we got a somewhere if we don't have it I know they haven't any other from the sports nerds have the nirks I've heard them play it on Hank show or somewhere I will level dig it out Okay, thanks don't forget pal when it's out dig it out Yeah, you think you got the message went and doubt dig it out. That's what I'm talking about with Jimmy Elson Fix it that's what he's trying to do when we'll also they're trying to dig it out 560 5056 he course he does look a little on the CD side anyway fix the donning. Yeah, he does If you catch my drift. I do What's the biggest problem in soft Florida? I was gonna say the QM signal should have been on there too Too many Cubans 149. Oh, that's nobody's gonna touch that nope Ruedness 74 the brutal summer heat humidity and rain 52 Crooked politicians 51 too many New Yorkers 48 It's a It's a toilet. I just had a stop because we've been talking so much about toilets and I thought oh now I know where to go if I might a toilet 37 people say South Florida's it and that was very late edition to want it. It's too crowded 34 Too crowded nice planning down there okay on you politicians you ask holes Out there by me and I think that's one of the reasons people are gonna get an effect to Would rat coolans and possums and stuff is because they're every inch of land Now there's another another house and other something right Ain't nowhere to hide nowhere to run Too many illegal aliens 28 too many old people 26 too many black people 20 too many old Jews 16 Drivers too many of the bad drivers 15 Absolutely nothing. It's paradise 12. That's 2% out of 572 12 out of nearly 600 not too good. I mean 98% say Problems and too many redness still only eight You know how long it's how many hours has been only about eight? Here's a facts from Jay who says I'm leaving Friday for Buffalo and a purchase tickets for the game against you beloved patriots Even though you're from the Buffalo area question. I'm not from the Buffalo area. I'm from Rochester I don't want to go through that again. Okay, like after explained why I'm a fan of whatever team What was that? I was wondering if you're gonna make the short trip from Toronto to Orchard Park to see them lose No, no, we see the bills lose no they'll get their ass kicked the end like we did twice last year I'm especially excited about the Tim Horton peanut donut and sub from John and Mary's Can you play the Buffalo bills fights on actually might since thanks Jay. I'm happy you got out We all don't have the finances to do the same well, you know, I do Well, I give him a little shot just because he gave me a shot for being a Patriots fan Okay, and I became a Patriots fan before Tom Brady arrived on a scene. Okay, blood so was a quarterback I became a Patriots fan because they were exciting and that all fans are boring and frustrating and the fans generally speaking are a bunch of assholes In fact all the south photo sports fans a very big percentage. I mean, there's a few that are like real sports fans Understand the games that are really like a loyal fans in a restaurant like a bunch of more I don't even understand the games And what are the panthers gonna do without big number eight this year? Uh-oh, what are they gonna be rooting for can we think of anything? No, I guess maybe for the end of the game And maybe maybe some of them freak crapping drop it in between periods when they had the little that little blimp that goes by Drop it on them freebies and little kids are like killing each other and jumping to fall over the adults and that and practically killing you in the aisle for like a stupid t-shirt or some crap I have a good idea what I'm gonna do in the hockey games is like take a sack of Like you know athletic like t-shirts All right, so all you ask was just sit down. I'll throw you a t-shirt from like 10 feet away just sit down. No kill us up here That's all cut the crap open. It's free One in fact the most embarrassing thing was when it would be between periods one one time I saw rumor in the crowd reaching for one of those damn t-shirts 142 is five 60 WQM halbs. I'll tell you one thing summers over no more barbecue's no It says nine Two Two thousand and two try we love you number 23 But get serious anyway if you want to lose weight like the beast is doing and many many many others too I should point out balance for lack of be the answer because you know, especially for people don't have a lot of time to go shopping And you certainly don't want to be counting calconic calories for get about that how can you even be accurate on that right? Warren or if you check the label and you're doing the current a good carves thing. It's a pain in the ass That's why it's so easy with balance for lack because they do all day fingering and figuring for you They deliver right to your doorstep at work or home wherever you want them to deliver three gourmet meals and two delicious snacks and a little black sack and in your sack There's plenty of food to keep you satisfied. Don't get patty and think this is like one of those other weight programs Where they give you enough for a pigeon they give you a plenty of delicious fresh food with the best ingredients nothing froze No, are added. There's no crap. All you do is fill out your menu once a week. You have two choices for each meal. I've been in a Toronto program And that's it and like magic there's the sack at your door every morning in a waitress pours off your body So if you're frustrated trying to lose weight as in other ways here could be the answer even search and for for a long time Let balance for life take care of all those problems if you're out of shape The tharject diabetic around the verge called balance for life today nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine Mission the beast name and they'll fall over laughing that's nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty Nine you'll start seeing results on that scale in no time at all or check them on the web at balance for life.com The greatest in the land and everybody thinks they're great Cause they really are the Buffalo bills on an apple. What see what I mean? So just sing a little when you say buffalo And here that buffalo bells buffalo bells The greatest even that history of the human race Santa Buffalo bells Integrated Since lies bread and can't be Yeah, there you go and you and your chance up that red next up. Listen at banjo Holy sweet god listen at when you say buffalo bills it don't sound so red necky do it Everybody sing along now. How you feel fair? Here we go Well the Buffalo bills are the best team they have the best record of the last five years We can't wait to do Super Bowl four times which is what I can say for this that comes up and Fizzier and they're at the greatest like they really like their uniforms They sure is hell beat the heck out of having a fish on the helmet because they're down Buffalo whole bills the best football team What I ever seen in the history of my life they are the Buffalo bills the Buffalo bills The whole Jim Kelly the greatest quarterback of the league Yeah, everybody that buffalo bills They're the Buffalo bills and they've been around Morgan and the stinkin rotten fish well, and our Buffalo bills What would you have to have as a pedophile below or a fish on 28 to five 60 prediction by the way The bills will suck again this year. Here's a factor of Zali who's a a fact. I mean a game man Who says today show is great bomb movements in toilet talk that's great stuff Also guys who dressed in drag are more common than you think I believe that a lot of straight guys Super elected dress and feel like a woman inside school by the way I really hate Queenie Faggs too. I like men and want to be with a real man not a man that acts like a woman I do like that says Zoli and North Miami who's a real screamer. I mean a real man man's man five six like ultra-five 60 pound five 60 in the Into the universe here's a call from Kendall hello Yes, sir. How are you pretty good just before the break? I mean just after your break, you know, they put on a commercial with that goalie doing some Spot for somebody who I don't know was yeah, but how does anybody high have this guy to do a spot for him? Because soon as I hear his voice I turn it off. Yeah, I can't listen to him in the morning What do you must have come back to after the spot thank goodness? Yeah, I'm going to answer this either not with ties. Why would anybody do I? I don't know. I do remember you bring back vivid horrible memories of the first day We were on a year a QAM down on the second floor net building and I heard him doing a spot for a restaurant that is now Coincidentally out of business and I thought to myself are is this serious? Is this like a real spot? I mean are they really paying for somebody with us for a man or a modern night guilty, but I will anyway But it's a bird coming over with how we have this rest and yeah It's an excellent question. I would best again see if I can get an answer. Okay Don't you think that's a good question that he's asking what I'm sorry to hear oh no I don't just pretend you didn't hear a damn thing. I understand just pretend you weren't listening. I like to get a lot. Okay. Well, that's fine What five to do is have an 0.5 60 pound 560 I mean a hundred Miguel lineup. There's he gone he's gone in 500 What do you mean he's gone a 500 we had 500 now we're go and Any luck see I You know I love Miguel you know that but but this is this is not a good deal Because unless we give a time that he plans on being there. It's okay if he you know get a ride It's a good point. There has to be the departure time because people are gonna not go to wherever to hell They're not gonna drive for 20 minutes I mean how many people are living within a close distance where he was That's it. They're all about to businesses. It's a commercial district just so You know people are gonna get in their car and go there Unless he gives some idea of how long he's gonna be there and then if it's dead we can always say well Miguel just left But just to get up and leave you know Maybe there was some hot the couple that came and he wanted to go chase them and do them in alleyway. I don't know maybe a couple of something 5605 so we got 500 bucks. That's I don't know. That's not paid impressive, but it's the cables So we got 18,720 and here I was thinking we can go over 19 today, but we won't That's okay tomorrow. He'll be at a more logistically acceptable place Right sure Here's a call from North Miami Beach, hello. You know, yes, sir speaking of toilets. Yes, the The calcium and the water gets in and clogs those little jets where the water comes out at the top of the bowl Right under the rim and sometimes every so it may be every few years You have to go in there and have somebody clean those so that they that's where the water should stay Close to clean out your jets Right in my turn Thanks, pal. Okay, maybe I have room or come over and go clean out my toilet Hey, and I did tell you did I totally excited newsman. I was there about he actually paid me the 13 bucks from that Lottery ticket yeah from a year ago You're not you're not you just you should be like jumping up and down. It's like a freaking miracle. Yeah If you play very man, it's on where I mean he wasn't too Magnanimous about I mean he reached in there and after the four months flew out it was you know Kind of touching go 152 at 560 WCM the mad dog the amazing gym man is coming along you two were back to normal folks You know just no comedy, but I mean not the whole hour Except I went to we're never gonna drop that the hump hour the bit. I love the hump hour Like sometimes a couple hours ain't bad When you got up this morning and took a deep breath What were you inhaling what were you breathing if you're sick and tired of the schmutz the molds for us? That's particles and all the other crap in your ear if you have a mold problem call this number 1 866 542 4995 that's the number four clean air restoration These guys we know how to get your ear clean if you have respiratory problems or allergies call 1 866 542 4995 right now You spent hundreds of thousands of dollars on your home, but not a dime to ensure that the area Breathing is clean as make too much sense to me the ear full system on your air conditioning system is there to protect the AC Coals it's not there to filter the air that you breathe and it doesn't there Hepafilter air handling system take out almost all airborne Particular including molds for that competition they produce micro toxins animal dander dust mites insecticide dust Yee cells skin flakes building material dust all of that schmutz Clean air restoration is less than ensure their employees have been in the business for over 25 years Right now clean air restoration has a special needle deal for you for just 1995 the conduct of visual mold assessment your house the inspect your AC unit your AC air ducts your home interior and your Attic to from now that can suggest way you might need to make the owner home cleaner and safer and a lot to help you to breathe Clean air restoration handles mold related insurance claims commercial and residential projects too So improve the quality your life by improving the quality of the air that you're breathing Mighty important call right now toll free one eight six six five four two forty nine ninety five or clean air restoration Making your air fit to breathe Nice action news reveals who else is running for California governor What are your qualifications it's is Uncompromising and rude How would you balance the budget taxes spending reductions something very close to definitely along those lines? What do you think about the other candidates see candidate make me want a vomit in terror? That's tonight on action If you're elected, would you decrease your beer consumption? Maybe have a very short attention span 157 at five sixty w qa and we're gonna keep in our IP a lot in California I still can't get over I have to keep pinching myself pigeon it yeah To believe that there are people I mean like Siri like George Schultle Okay, so I think to be a right wing of fascist like George Schultle But it's another thing to like prop up this moron is in basult and say oh here He's a very socially conscious guy and all of these things. You know God forbid that budget deficit. Is he got any plans for that? No what about the Prop 52 what about affirmative action? No he hasn't we haven't thought about that yet But he just decided to run the other day. I mean what is that anybody could say that He just made up his mind okay for what reason anybody know no because he can just like Homer Simpson said because he can and nobody can do nothing about it What's the biggest problem with soft photo rest in on the argyrs.com today? Now you think we're gonna get 600 votes? Sure, what five more huh? Yeah, I would like to do that during the show on our first day after like the holiday would be nice nice 600 and some five ninety six we need four four more in the two minutes. Can we do it? Sure we can Top on air baby on the argyrs.com put us over the top biggest problem in soft photo too many Cubans 154 Well, let me just say this to you if you don't like humans don't move to the county. Yeah, there's a tip don't move to Pembroke pines right where else uh Well, what you saw I mean give us no You just want to know how come he's a Pittsburgh snealer fan and his friend go here and here is still alive That's right. They look how you're set and and West Broward By the way, is Franco here still alive? Franco American. Yes, he is. Is Franco American? Hate the stealers why despise the stealers. Well, as a brown spanned in my youth, you know stealers were a very uh, I'm not just rival Too many Cubans 154. Rude in 77 Crooked politicians 55 brutal summer heat humidity rain all these all these things 52 too many Yorkers 51 Too crowded 38 Too damn crowded man. It's a toilet 37 Too many illegal aliens 31 well if it's a toilet just got signed in squats on good to me Too many old people 28 too many black people 20. Come on. He's suppose driver 17 too many old Jews 16 Absolutely nothing. It's paradise 12 2% 12 out of 596. Oh, by the way, we didn't make our 600 here. What do you got? I'm not lie. Just reloaded. It'll it'll be I'm reloaded. I'm not leaving it. Oh, we get the 600 or more oh 603 and too many red next only eight Eight snow red in that coming up next we got these sophisticated Jim Edditch from what's in the marketplace Michigan Solon or Ohio get out of here man. Solon picked Joe Marth Jr My Rogers is my lover