The act is set on this propaganda. The act is set on this propaganda. The act is set on this propaganda. The act is set on this propaganda. The act is set on this propaganda. From the director of Master and Commander. After all, the prize is on our Russell Crowe. When Arnold Schwarzenegger star in... I'm Mrs. Catecchio. Master and Commander. I never would have the cause. I'm the victim! I'm the applause! Who's the name of the media? I'll be back. Master and Commander! They need to take off that's a prize. I hate to do it, but this is our only choice. After the Levis del Baby. 10-1-5-60 WQM-Happy Thursday 2-A-Man. It is a great day. You believe me? Yeah. It is a great day. Sure is. Especially now that I got all that inside poop on Scoran. And she's even a bigger slope than I ever dreamed she was. Oh, brother. What are you telling me? See you next time in a parking lot on your hands and knees. I'm serious. Any guys out there that haven't gotten any in a long time? No problem at all. He's just hands up in the other room. There you go. The beast would... You would consult with that bitch. With that slut? These are the beggars' can't be chosen. Oh, man. That has got to be the most disgusting thought. Oh, brother. Just think about one thing. Roll. Okay. Just think about him penetrating every orphan her. And then just keep that in mind. Roll. Roll. Before the... Kuddy started hopping off her onto your fat tubby body. Booty kuddies. Oh, man. Booty. Recto kuddies. Those are the worst. Anyways, big end of kuddies. We can't break the tie. And at one category there and yesterday's pool. I thought for sure by now. We'd break that damn tie. You know what? Can't do it. 156 votes. By the way, I want you to know a speaker of the reason I played the media sick in the knees held badly. Yeah. We have at least one more dead American soldier, possibly at least two and maybe more than that. How do you know that? Well, because just buried in the middle of the store and watched in times about Iraqi demonstrating against terrorism is a... It's buried in the store. It's as in... It's like about four paragraphs down. In the meantime, a US Army spokesman says US soldier was killed accidentally at a camp in the city of Ramadi, 90 miles west of Baghdad. And they said two military vehicles were set on the far but no immediate information on casualties. So there's at least one more dead and there's another one missing. There was in a quick blurb on CNN. But on none of the websites is there anything about this story. No. And I mean, while we're worried about Trista and what the hell's the asshole's name? I don't know. Trista and Ryan are worried about their wedding. No. In American soldiers, they've reduced it to the point now. Just like in Vietnam, you won't not only don't want to see the caskets. But now we have American casualties. We just don't talk about no. That's right. Because it's the holiday season in its bad news. We don't want no bad news. Do we go to the holidays? Get everybody depressed. So we're kind of like sanitizing this grotesque blood bath. This quagmar that we're in over there in Iraq. But I just not talking about it. And like I said before, you people in the media man, you make me sick to my stomach. You ought to be... Everyone ought to be keen on your ass. You ought to be out on the street. What your hand out with a tin cup. Just like Scurran ought to be out there. She ought to be out of B.A. Bag Lady. I think she is. Don't you think she looks like a bag lady. He last time I was there, man. I said, man, you look like you're in the bag lady. Or she's grabbing bags. Good. Got all my... She's grabbing everybody's bag. Roooo! If I can hear the choice, I got a brand new bag. Roooo! Troo! If this audience had any idea of the truth behind these little things that we dropped in there, you know? Little things we dropped in like... I'm so sorry. Like that. When it was so we got more red dead soldiers, but you won't hear about it in the mainstream media because we're more important fish to fry. You can poke and fish. And it ain't right. Right. Anyway, let me see if we broke that tie on there. I'm stalling around, but we still can't do it. 15008 votes is pretty hefty number out on a poll. One other show on WDQMD, listen to most other than Neil, other than... Oh God. Mad dog, can't touch the mad dog. Oh Ryan's by a mile. Even Secretary would be embarrassed. 644 votes, 40%. Listen to the mad dog more than any other show on his station next to this. None, 413, 27.3%. The Humper, nice job Humper did well, 157? Do you unmarked it astonishingly well, I think Joe voted several times. You call that a penis? What's on a man? About 30 men. Although... You call that a penis? That's what Square Encented Troy, which is why he's out for a while. Joe and Mark 137, that's a lot better than we thought they would do, isn't it? Yeah, it is. Joe rose 97, not too bad. Considering he just came back out of nowhere, here a couple of weeks ago. Mo and Gildi and the big... Our tie for a very near the bottom. 36 votes each, we can't break the tie. Out of 1515 votes, their neck and neck nose nose, we can't separate Mo from the big... Oh! And maybe he can't last with 29 because we only have 29 degenerate gamblers in the Saudi. Which is very close to... About 30 men? So there you go. We like any care a lot, but it's show is terminal. So anyway, there is why we're the deal. A speaker of terminal before I get into anything else I have a warning for the Saudis. This is maybe the most important thing I've ever told you fat people out there. Especially the ones with sensitive stomachs like me. Oh, seriously. I was gonna come on here when I wanted to strip my first bites of this stuff. Yes, that's not man. This is great. I'm gonna go on a give rate. No, you know how it goes? Yeah. I'm gonna give a review. I'm gonna talk about this stuff until I'm blue in the face. I'm just in a way. I'm blue. Black and blue. This is the worst crap for you. I hope Dr. Acquins is spinning in his grave. I hope he's listening right now, down under. Maybe this is why God punished you, Dr. Vaabin. He's a fat nasty, slip and fall in New York. Fell on your head and now you're dead. There is a product now. I was in the drugstore. If in of course, that's fat people were always looking for something. You know, you have the lights right here. And I've already told you to pass as much as I love the lights. There's some of their products I can't eat because it's got maltatholum stuff like that. And I have stomachs that sensitive to stuff like that. It makes me just, that brains out here and teed. Make no mistake about it. I'll make this shit. Oh boy. Some always on the lookout for some kind of a snack. Something that satisfy your sweet tooth. That won't do that. So I see that or stir several days ago. There's these new slim card, low carb, whatever it is, and I bought one and had it. It was not too bad. And it didn't send my blood sugar scar rocketing and didn't make me crap my brains up. And then I saw next to it. Dr. Atkins indulged. Now originally Atkins had those advantage bars, which tasted like, Oh man. I mean, your dog and pussycat wouldn't have gotten anywhere near that. Even Scran wouldn't have touched it. And she'll touch just about anything. But now there's the new Atkins indulged bar. And this one is called Carmel Not Two. So I went online to those search for Atkins products in Canada. And I ordered three boxes. They're 15 to a box. Because they sounded great. Rich, Carmel, and New Get Candy bars bursting with peanuts. New Get. Yeah. New Get with peanuts. You call that a peanuts? The original low carb lifeline it says. It's got the Atkins symbol. They're 2G, meaning even though it says 17 grams of carbs per 1D little bars. It's only really effective two grams, which are full of crap. It's a lie. But anyway, you people at the Atkins Center in New York. I hope that somebody's listening. Man, you people ought to be, you ought to go to hell. You ought to die in hell. So I ate three of these. Now if you saw the size of my say they're like about, Let me take one out. And don't let me eat it. They're small. They're like about a turd. They're about the turd size of like a regular candy bar. Or no, I'll say half. They're like half the size of a Snickers bar. Not the big jargana exercise king size. You know, your regular Snickers bar. They're half that size. So last night is kind of a dinner replacement. I ate three. And I thought I'm going to go on here until everybody how fantastic the R. These are. Hope the lights has got them and all of this other stuff. And I'm going to tell you within a half an hour 45 minutes. I'll make this shit. I'll make this shit. And I thought, well, wait a minute here. Hold on to the sides of the bowl. And I look on the back of the box. Now see, when I ordered this, there was no warning. There was no like big, uh, scum and crossbow. There was no big picture of an ass with like a skull and crossbow. No, you don't what I mean. There should be a picture of your ass. What a skull and crossbow. It's like, oh, this is giving you old sorrows. Lots of tourists. So I look on the back and I'm looking for what is in this stuff. And I see maltotoll and I thought, uh, oh, uh, oh. And I'm reading the, and it says in small print that you need to mount Palomar telescope to read on the back. It says indulged wisely for those sensitive to sugar alcohol. And they're like, so they're sensitive to sugar alcohols and they're laxative effects. When the consumption of water to the servings today, which means of course, I'll make this shit. Your brains out. I mean for two and a half hours. And then even a little residual effect this morning. I'll make a shawl, man. Those people out there who've ever had like a head of take like a very a man or those who take like a blooper and I'm just for like a hobby. You have never had a cleansing like this. Oh, my god, almighty. So I'm warning you, please. Now there are a lot of people out there who don't have that sensitivity and more power to it. Right. Because I never even heard that before sugar alcohols. Did you ever heard that before? No. Which is code for maltotoll and sorbetoll and schmitted all as in you'll smid it all out. Whatever's in your body, it'll be all gone. We'll look on the bright side. In fact, this morning, I finally had the dry schmits to just kind of look how wet it fart was, you know, you, you know, or let it in your own with the stew it right. But God, so you're not looking, looking on the bright side of life. You probably lost like five pounds. No, I did not. No, I didn't. Got a half of pound. Oh, brother. That's not my idea of how to lose weight. Believe you may. I had to do that again. Believe you may. You people at Atkins, you ought to be in jail. You're died as fine. See, Dr. Bob, once he died, they started patchking around with his crap. He would never have approved this. That was something to make some money off it. I mean, I'm telling you right now, this was the worst thing I've ever had. I, you know, I've had some of that stuff before in a similar experience, but not like this. This was like the end of the world. This was like my, all my, how long do they see your colonis? How many feet? About 30 man. Oh, no, more than that. They said, like, about a hundred miles long your colonis. That's a lot of tight. If I stretched it out here, I could stretch it all away to Rochester right across the lake. And every inch of my colon man was just like rolling and boiling and, and, and sitting there, you're sitting there on the bowl, just grimacing. And you can hear the, Gurgling. I thought the Gurgling man was like caught inside of my body. You can hear that Gurgling sound like a witch's cauldron. You know what I mean? Sure. Like Tabitha on passions was sure enough another witch's brew. So now he said again, you people at the Atkins Center, you need some very serious, uh, help some ass assistants. And that's what I need today. Some ass assistants as in like a good rest. Probably like freak you Carlos would say out there at the front. That's his, uh, back though needs a rest. And screw in the word is out on you honey. Your out of the closet sweetheart. Can you even begin to imagine that? Then I start thinking back about Roy Foster and all the stories we used to hear. Roll! You know the sad part of it is that we're all true. Let me tell you if you look up the word slot in the dictionary, you'll find screw in when Next to it. You're a disgrace. You're the kind of person that we set out there. This is our sales manager. This is somebody that we're proud of. This is someone who represents WQAM. Screw in when it. You bitch, uh, is matter of fact. Now I know I always wondered who that was about that drop in. Yeah. You bitch. You slot you war. Now we know. Oh, brother. I'm trying not, I'm trying not to conjure up any images of what I heard about in my mind. What you told me about? Who? Josh? 10 13. Ha ha ha ha ha. He wouldn't touch your new. He wouldn't touch your. He wouldn't touch you with the V-tand. Or tongue. In fact, when you start hearing the gagging sounds that'll be Josh Pukin and his guts, I'll just start to think about it. Just start to, uh, drop an image of it in his mind. Oh, man. God, I mean, even the maggots are run away from that bitch. 10 13 at 5 60 WQ, of course. We don't want to rip her too much because now I'll be the next one suspended. Remember what happened on the hump right? You want to rip her too much because they're Greg's personal close friends. I can't tell you how close. 10 13 at 5 60 WQ, imagine Todd Drex body on your front lawn. Would like 75 bullet holes in it. Well, imagine this on your next mortgage. Imagine zero closing costs on your next mortgage. Zero application fee. Zero credit bureau fee. Zero discounted point. It's the last mortgage you'll ever need. And we're talking, of course, about the revolutionary. Only one mortgage from our good friends at financial group. Now with an unbelievably low interest rate of just 1.95% which means. If you have yourself a $200,000 loan, you pay only 738 bucks a month. Once you refinance, you get a new home mortgage from financial group. Let me say it very clearly. Listen up, you'll never pay closing costs again. So column today, one eight had been nine four o'clock grab yourself real financing power. With that low rate mortgage you can move you next property without further cost to expense. It's the only one mortgage from financial group for details call 1-800-94000. It's a whole new way to buy and also you pay zero underwriting fee. Zero dock fee. Zero prepended penalty. Zero closing costs even when you moved to another property. So get yourself financing. It's just 1.95% call 1-800-94000 and never pay closing costs again. 1-800-940LA and DB sure mentioned Todd Drex name. They'll chuckle during the holiday season. Equal housing lender restrictions apply rates of you change monthly 5.19 APR. My high-five low-ball. This is for 205 cities. Wait a second. You bet you struck your horse. Screw that. You think black men are some words of rage. A big black man. You don't think black men are generally strong. You've been all about it, darling. This is a giant crossing show. That's not a good bill, right? It's for a friend of your ass and guy. You watch better tonight. You know, you're being tight. Something's still right. What? Screw it. You'll be the big yabang tonight. Yes. I'll smack your head and bruise up your body the way you lie. Screw it. Screw it. You get barboned, your dogs and straw. It's a crazy running, too cold and you know hair if it's wrong. You thought that you'd lie. You just feel better. The terms of it you ain't lying. You know how to do it right. You've got to take with those kisses. Roll. Rourke. Can I take in, of course, right here on issue yesterday, as happens once or While by luck I got it right about the Michael Jackson thing. As opposed to a lot of the other hysterical people in a media who jumped to conclusions. Oh, Michael Jackson. The whole story is blown out of the water with his memo. It's a bombshell from what tells that website, the ABC offshoot thing. What they call it? I don't know. Shotgun up your answer, something like that. It's a real dope for the defense. Yeah, right. Well, guess what? Now we find out that the Jackson's staffer was at the Accuses interview. Canovel, what an novelty, huh? A little intimidation fact ago, which actually we're talking about moments ago on CNN. I'm certainly not news network, where they still are probably going to tell you about the latest American casualty's in Iraq. When child welfare workers interviewed in February, the boy who now accuses Michael Jackson to sexually abusing him. The boy denied he'd been molested by the pop icon as mother had said nothing improper occurred. But, but, there's a big butt. Back to him. Always stick him right there in your face. Sources close to the prosecution told CNN there was a Jackson employee nearby, to release part of the interview by child welfare agency workers and the sources said, the employees presence had an intimidating effect. To say there was intimidation going on is an understatement one source said. The presence of someone connected to the Jackson may have had a chilling effect in the boy's story one in experts said, the implied message to the child is, I'm here to prevent you from saying anything bad about Michael Jackson. So, Dr. Astrid Higore, child abuse expert, who has the LA-based violence intervention program. How do you like that, Maffles? So, before you get all looked up about the headline, and before you assholes in the martins at the media start, oh yeah, this memo, this blows it all the water. The motion of which if they would just read the name and choir, what about all that boy, Hanky, Panky and Vegas at the Maragin, is Villaraja? Never say it even got to that part yet. Yeah. There's so anxious to like cover this up because, well, he's an icon, he's the king of pop. He's a freaking pedophile, okay? He's a child molester, period, end of discussion, throw his ass in jail and throw away the key. Christ, you know, we got a lot of votes on the poll already, haven't even given an idea. Plus, I got two more off for it, but let's take somebody important calls first. WQA, I'm at Concentre, hello. Hey, New York morning. Yes, sir, where does too? Hi, you're home. No, you know who that is? No. I guarantee that's a fat boys former neighbor. Oh God. You wanted to watch that? Yeah, because he knows you want to see me any of the facts that he lies in, because it always has his name on it, Dave. So I dropped that, Dave. We hate you. WQA, and hello. WQA and hello in Panko. Important call on. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, why don't you retire, asshole? Okay, I'll retire my asshole after I take another atkins bar. 5 6 7 0 5 60. See, it's always the same stuff at the beginning. Nothing ever creative. It's the retired guy or this poor potato. It's the guy who, uh, miserable son of a bitch. And then we got, uh, a fat boys neighbor now, the ex neighbor. Great. Who's just frustrated as hell, because he knows that he can't get his facts as through to me. So it's his, he's got a reach out and touch me. WQA and line six is always bad. See what I'm saying? WQA and hello. Who did you hire? Ha ha ha. Okay. Well, I gave you a shot. Here's today's pool of the 9 11. What news event of the past 50 years had the most significant to you. Other than 9 11, which obviously would win by million miles, what news event of the past 50 years had the most significant to you. The JFK assassination, the RFK assassination, the Martin Luther King assassination, the Warren Vietnam, Watergate, slash Nixon resigns. By the way, Nixon said Reagan was an asshole. And when Nixon says you're an asshole, boy, that's really that's the ultimate indictment. That's like if Mo call somebody an asshole. Absolutely. The Clinton impeachment George W. Bush deals the 2000 election, the alien sag and I've added two more than our on the re. Okay. And I'm sure the audience will have some or not, as a case, maybe. Elvis Croaks on the crap or crap or crap or. Okay. Right. Got that. Elvis Croaks on the crap or John Lennon murdered. Right. Okay. Well, there's a couple of more need to be on there. And let's not narrow down. I'll also far George W. Bush deals the 2000 election 29 are saying that of the first 56 quick votes. JFK assassination 10, the alien sag a five for alien, alien, alien, uh, Eto. Watergate Nixon resignation for Vietnam more three, Martin Luther King assassination three, Clinton impeachment two and RFK assassination none. Well, all this, of course, also has to do with your age. Because when we see the past 50 years that precedes many people in our audience, even George and Josh by a few years. So what do you think about that media blowing up this damn store when it come to fight out that it's all a bunch of bullcraft that they were, uh, intimidating and, you know, somebody really wanted them to say standing over their shoulder like probably with a shotgun. Oh, and speaking of pedophiles just goes to show you America never made a pedophile they didn't love. Come back Roman Polanski we love you. Empathaled singer, Arch Kelly wins bigger the music awards. Are you ready for that? Yeah. Our investing or arch Kelly who faces multiple child pornography charges in two US states was one of the big winners last night at the Billboard Music Awards, which honor the years top selling our teeth. Kelly picked up four prizes as the Destiny's child singer Beyonce Knowles, who's enjoying massive solo success outside the popular female trio. Destiny's time. Canadian country pop singer Shania Twain, rapper 50 cent who he says a kill to people and hip hop trio little John and the East Side boys each to come three prizes. The awards were headed out during a ceremony at the MGM, Grand Gardener Reena Las Vegas. I love the MGM, Grand. Kelly was named Hot 100 Producer, R&B producer, Hot 100 Songwriter and R&B Songwriter. Both performed at the event both Kelly and Beyonce as did Twain and other assaches ever visits, No doubt. Uh, Foo fighters or I love the Foo fighters and pink. Not too crazy about pink or I know doubt. Why not? Why do you like pink? She's pink. Fag. Okay. Anyway, that's just a race. Once again, we love the pedophile, our Kelly Man. Let's salute him. Let's salute him. How about your Italy Lewis? Yeah. There you go. Well, he married her. He married her. She was like 14 years old. Yeah, that's kosher in the song. And he was like related. He was like a kissing cousin or something. What the hell was the relationship something? Cousins. Yeah. That's what the, that's what the, that's what the Scuano is saying. She and, or kissing cousins only complexion been changed to protect her ass or Jerry comes from that. Okay. Stand your Scuano. Okay. You're disgusting and grow. Tess. Talk about sleeping with a freaking enemy. I think we'll go all this. This is five, six years. You're one of what was in the past. You can. You can. He's back. In jail, reasoning is classic. It's for his latest release. It's Langamel, live from the Paragobadou. Amin' old drunk cowboy. Where I can't see the lines. That's far away from the room. The room. The room. The room. I've been found. I found my penis. I'll be sober. I have the shoes. I have a stomach. It's made for your own. Oh. Having stolen me. Having stolen me. I got my food hash candy goes away. Mактер, my green underwear. Underwear is now low in I'm Jewish, I'm America, oh, confine Mixing booze, legs of pro I'm also big star, I'm just a lost good Frankie Oh, that's all Glen Campbell, I'm on a down similar line of fluid It said his asshole far That's just how much I hate Dichmann died Yes, Glen Campbell, recently is old-time greatest it's From the Maricopa tubes of the animal we're ever sing-registered F-32 at 5.60 W-A-M 118 votes are ready on a pool Under the 911 what news have ended last 50 years has had the most significance to you George W. Bush deals the 2000 election 56 JFK assassination 25 yet no more 15 Watergate slash nicks and resignations 6 Aliensaga 6 Footen and P-5 Martin Luther King assassination for RK assassination won Elvis crooks on a crapper and Jellon murdered none yet They just went on there just top time I've had them atkins of bars that was thinking about Elvis a lot Let's see two suggestions for your pull to the operation desert storm This is Alex O'Oceens usually sends bad choices Operation desert storm? No, do you think? No, no And the Iran countries with Ali North No I mean obviously something that people think about but those that's the most significant news of end of the past 50 years You haven't even stand under the bed too long 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Launcher we have many other good ones WQA in Shooters won WQA in Hey, I like to see you in the police speaking Hey Niel just my Uh Well I was talking about last week you read an article From the Democratic Party famous average guy would donate two dollars That's a major contributor for donate a dollar Well does that make the major difference? No I didn't mean any article from the Democratic Party last week Uh, Verizon Jones WQA in hello A Niel how about it with the Berlin Wall came down Berlin Wall comes down that bad Okay Thank you sir were you there no Berlin Wall comes down Okay Oh I guess it's significant How about also if we're going to put that on there how about The uh Break up of the Soviet Union Right the end of the cold words how do you want to put that no not the end of the cold war the Uh The the Soviet collapse of the Soviet Union okay How's that sounds good collapse of the Soviet Union Some of just like that Okay, well we got to have a like about a hundred categories on here Cause it's only one pool today and we want to give her air or something and do besides eat It is a holiday's and by the way Eric if you want to stay really close to home Press them and act in zindulls bars trust me when I tell you Anybody out there was having a little bit of trouble on a crap or who's little on the bond upside maybe had a little bit too much cheese Here's the answer for an act in zindulls bars It'll keep you really busy WQAM Yes Yes How you do sir Okay I'm doing pretty good By the way, you know Elvis Presley did die on the toilet but that only proves that pop kills Right Okay sir Oh, I said that was it Yeah, I do it once for one of our bits do them Pop kills Judy Garland, Lenny Bruce Elvis Presley they all died while sitting on the toilet Remember Pop kills Stay off the pot I don't think so I don't think so Not lately Anyway, 69 children abuse they got a lot of more well not a lot It's more nasty anti-catlet abuse stories Well the first one really isn't about sex abuse it's about a part-time prison date on a beach Who's being charged with making obscene phone calls to a 70 year old arm on beach woman 60 year old Stanley Stanizuski who worked as a helper priest at several Catholic churches in the Dicis of Orlando He's unaware of any charges that the calls were made as a joke and that he was Ha ha ha Under the influence of medication Sounds like rush Maybe that's what he was under the influence of The woman who asked their name not be released as the calls were enough to quote Scare the heck out of her Stanizuski says he apologizes for language use he still can civilisms have to be able to function as a priest He says I've done nothing to her it was on the phone The Dicis has removed the man's faculties and asked that he leave but a spokeswoman says We can't make him leave I got a paper jam I'm not jamming it Okay 69 children views darts dices and the arse dices of St. Paul and Minneapolis 33 Roman Catholic priest allegedly molested 69 children over the past 50 years church official said yesterday It also said we did not make up that number So what they said the arse dices became the fourth of six Minnesota diacese to make public details of sex abuse of the miners reports from four dices And the first public accounting of sexual abuse revealed that 208 children in Minnesota could have been molested by 90 Catholic priests I thought it was just like one or two here and there this is just in Minnesota Just in minisota Yeah But I thought it was just a couple of insolites Oh, here's a gym again with his five words on a page he actually got to about ten or fifteen Neil Armstrong and that one's some small step Oh, how do we want to say that? Dad walks out of the man on the moon Man on the caca moon, okay man on the moon Since I don't know how significant it's now. I was nine at the time in a truest special says Jim that explains a lot of things Jim about your recent facts As all this for given please come home five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT and T and Verizon wireless line George W Bush deals that two thousand elections got seventy five He may be up to the races, you know it Jf K assassination 29 The Vietnam more seventeen alienito is got nine poor little alienito make sure he gets his unhappy meal that they will you please So we'd big now he's up to eight what just happened there. I always still got nine couldn't impeachment nine watergate slash Nixon resignations seven Martin Luther King assassination five tell them murder three RK assassination one Elvis Croaks on a crap or one Clutch of the Soviet Union one Berlin wall comes down is got the big so far, but it'll get something you think Okay, I think W. I am Line six. How come he always comes out of line six magic Is that what is he made this magic tricks Not as made tricks of scoena or you're into that well I could only tell you to fool all brother You folks out there would like to be probably elected or stay inside the rest of your life WQAN I'm about the tragic breakup of Millie Vanille. Yeah, that was one of them that could definitely get a lot of votes right WQAN hello yes, sir Yeah, I want to put us on vote in go ahead. I like to put a vote in for the The anniversary of the Barbie doll anniversary of the Barbie doll anniversary of the Barbie doll certainly is definitely a G. I Joe and speak out a GI Joe don't forget to check out our website near Rogers.com See these people that are very amusing they would say had some good material would be good, but they don't but that's okay We understand how they's your under lot of stress We got the make believe the GI joke George W Bush the GI joke doll from Mad magazine and we also have my favorite of all time out of care What you say president mode bush Moved In of course, what are needs of command to win ship and if there's anybody including me who hadn't completely checked out the WMD weapon of mass destruction countdown you got listening to the audio because I hadn't really courses lips move and he You know Yeah, the old chunk chimps at a long but There's a lot of stuff on there. I hadn't heard before because I'm almost forever You know, yeah, it's slow, but we do have the ability here in these two years To put it on the earth. I thought you said it was all distorted and crappy sounding we trouble shot it Oh, great This is real ongoing countdown two Evil people We fight evil Evil weapons New killer weapons New killer bomb. There you go Okay, that's enough. I already had problems with the other round. I'm here in him starting to just gag up just a little bit Your support radio five six Tell introduce is the sunny party since our Saudi friends were upset with the old parties in all blondes named Barney are Jewish So the good picture is a dead tell redesign her to make party Saudi friendly because you know the Sardies are I for a Like us and I'm nothing to do with my level and nothing to do with my little So to cater to our Saudi friend by sliding our tongue further at their smelly hole meet out of a barbie She comes complete with a sand display that lets you bury her up to her neck with Gfell to obey For major offenses and our kid will yank your head off with a jay To behind the realistic home Vanard cancel separately the no longer Jewish. However barbie now he's a blink bar between it was Jewish You can kill as big tell if as well It's 1046 at five 50 see to get caught about the barbie doll that's smart ass. I call the few minutes ago We got a barbie doll bit psychic. We got it. Maybe he was psychic 203 votes on the polemica to be the result so well because I'm sure we're gonna at least two three more right That we might actually want to put on there if not I got a pile here all the way to the ceiling We got piles Every those icons bars trust me again don't indulge in those end-olds unless you want to stay real close to home For hours and days and weeks to come WQM line ones working hello Yeah, sir. What's the odds of like gore running with a team with that be like the knees him? What's the odds of gore running with Dean? Not yet none none Little swim Zero I Bob don't retire. Okay. No. I'm on a retired retired You're also no matter when we get a really great innovative guy like to retire guy then you get a whole bunch of Week indicators which we already had one today week you're gonna do something do it original number one and do it well Don't like just rip off but never happens. Something that's clever Something that clever does it right or you miserable now. Let's see we got The medical man and miserable old son or bitch. That's that same guy line six right don't forget how to touch the bro Which I think is the same guy is only like three colors Nothing we know to all of the shows not just this one is only like three colors. It is to a whole bunch of different voices And then this Paul Harvey Jr WQM WQM Yeah, what place of both yes, sir? It's a rising call the internet boom The rise and fall of the internet boom. Okay Now that we're doing everybody loses their ass is what he's talking about some of us can relate to that Right Mitch right Mitch. Hurst how do we want to say rise and fall of the internet boom to be a bubble bursting Internet bubble bursts. That's good internet bubble bursts I'm just right on the while I'm writing these down because you're writing them down Even an error can be between the bites of pastramy sandwiches this morning if you're the head pastramy in Orlando It's safe, but they have pastramy with like Swiss cheese Fives and not only that. I guess there's no uh on a Rubin sandwich. There's no cheese is there on a Rubin you better There is Sure corn beef cheese sour crowd and that's where I'll then I'm trying to think why in a kosher deli with a Rubin sandwich and answer is they wouldn't right like a good Rubin sandwich effect I think I just answered my lunch problems right now although probably should be in real light today You know it just take the bread up if you tuned in late Let me say it again the addkins and dolls bars they taste great. I mean that thing was so it was you know what it is You know the expression too good to be true that was it because one thing I guarantee you I'll make a sh** Oh man it'll make you wish that that hole was never invented If you catch my drip. I'll make a sh** and then summon and some So don't indulge what I'm got three boxes of these I just like give my to the homeless Strip her her Maybe some of them are bound up spare some change you missed here. No, but how about a nice indulge bar Hey, oh, man. I got a monthly street. Yeah, we'll get him. I'll you know something. I think I just solved the problem again the homeless off the street Jamal and indulge bar Well, we've been waiting almost hotel restrooms man McDonald's woo we indulge have four or five WCOM QAM sound down the door and other what about? Yes, sir. I was open you could have played something to me. Yeah The Democrats you guys have been screaming about the electorate the Democracy the electorate everything Democrats you guys have been screaming about what does that mean? Well, all the Democrats are screaming about how the electorate should decide the election and how bush to all the presidency But before one before even one primary Who came out or go or I should say came out and endorse being without any electorate deciding anything and he Think about it. I think you're quoting from David Broder's column. Did you read it this morning because it sounds like you ripped it off? I think what I'm calling you guys much in hypocrite. Yeah So, aha, there we go. It's one of your people again. Speak speak speak. Not see She's five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and horizon Think right about it. Oh, he's the fascista Look at Ron who got Ron that to that's one of them little core of circle guys WQAM What's that how did I punch that one up WQAM? Hello? Hello, yes, sir. Good morning. How you doing great? Did you watch those musical work last night? No, I did not but I watched that crap Well, I'll tell you what you know the hilted and richy Lina richy's daughter. Yeah, they came out there and the hilt and daughter said to richy's daughter Listen watch your mouth Well, she turned around and she dropped the BS bomb first And apparently they blew they they blocked her they blew this yeah because then she came out with the BS and the F All right Clear a stay I mean it my wife and I looked at each other with oh my god This was a channel seven like I wow Isn't awesome thing. Well, thank God. It was on channel seven because it's kind of perverse anyway Thanks. Thanks for the good news. How come we haven't heard about that? We just did no by me before that I don't Media's too busy with Michael But I know the media's not all that business. That was yesterday They were busy when they were trying to like exonerate him. Oh, here's this dry here's the real memo of the century here's the real smoking gun and reverse area In fact, that's the website smoking gun.com. Yes, and a lot of other very naive people picked up on it and splattered it all over their website and their full of crap as usual So when American kids are dying in Iraq for no good reason at all. That's not news, but if you know we have some stupid ass memo that was like Coerced by Jackson's Ontervisor Goofballs. Well, that had to big news story, man From the center. I'm gagging from that. That can's where I think I'm gonna sue Dr. Bob in the grave Postymously around some people get in a ward postymously how about if I just sue his ass? Postymously post jackass? You grave robber you murderer, man. Oh, oh, see that. Oh, no listen to that my whole insights is gonna take me days before we cover from those indulge bars From that multitalled insurber talk. Why can't they make something that tastes good without sugar without artificial swaners? Why can't they just make something that tastes good about a bunch of crap in it? It's gonna make you crap Huh, haven't you always wondered that I sure is how have? No, something with a little bit of taste like screw-in back to him for example not that much taste Nobody true. I aren't No QA But these people are so slow. It's just it's scary. You know, WQA and hello WQA and hello Yes, sir. Hey, I got a question for you see I can go through a thousand to get one doesn't bother me. Yes, sir Long time ago. We used to own your Ferrari You had the red Ferrari remember that yeah, which George worked for you at that time? No, he wasn't Why does that matter what did George have to do? No, I think quick funny story. I guess whoever Would you produce right that time you had lent them the Ferrari and Where I used to live he started dating the squirrel in my neighborhood and She had a boyfriend They could walk story short he ended up chasing your Ferrari with this cat in it in a little Toyota Surstell all around the neighborhood was pretty funny. What would it be chasing it around the neighborhood? What is it? The boy from came home and whoever the cat was I don't know who was In your car talking with her she got out he took off and he started chasing them And That's it the end well, what's the end of the story so what happened? No, I wasn't okay with George Yeah, it was George yeah 567 I was the 60 It's one of the rare moments actually wish I was there. I must be missing out on the good stuff I must have come in the last 24 hours. I wish it wasn't me if somebody died in heaven This good crappy yesterday 567 0560 pound five 60 on the AT&T And Verizon wireless line boy where would this time be without me? WQAM hello Yes, sir. Hey I heard that on a fox last night, too You heard what speak up sir. Come on. All right. I'm sorry. She was cursed on a fox last night Yeah, through the F bomb and the F bomb twice. Oh, no, and I was worried you attracted the Georgia role. No, are you? No, yes, he said you're not as tough 567 0560 pound five where does that 50 F bomb? I think it's a boy don't tell me I never put that in here. That would be bad. I don't have a word No, the F bomb that time Jones won I don't know you're talking about oh, to how do you don't to the tune of sex bomb by time Jones F bomb F bomb oh, yeah, I got I'll find it to your your way out of touch Apparently 567 0560 how's that pull coming other than 911 which news of end of the past 50 years has had the most significance to you George W. Bush deals the 2011 JFK assassination 42 word Vietnam 22 Ali on saga 13 Clinton impeachment 11 watergate slash Nixon reservations seven John 11 murdered six collapse of the Soviet Union six Martin Luther King assassinated six Elvis Croaks on a crap or five Brother and wall comes tumbling down three RFK assassination one and the internet bubble bursts one And I didn't hear what he wasn't mature. Hey, mate, by the way, thanks for all the tremendous help The apple 262 2AM Maybe you love my jockey shorts whole winkle jay moose he conquered television He conquered movies well sort of and now he's conquering the world of heavy metal It's full winkle sings as he I Yes, America's favorite moves pays tribute to America's favorite reality TV dad as he has worn in Bowling Cole sings as he featuring such Hitler banging classics as four mooses Game all gathered in the matter Just like we did But today's a golden writing picture When a classic cartoon character meets a classic rocker who's become a living cartoon You get go and cool sings as he with songs it be cool you to hear like I need to Oh and you want to come home with this CD It's oh wrinkle sings Best of all you don't need a permit to hunt down this collection make up moose called your local record store and pick up a copy to day 11560 WKM we got the mad dog at two the highly popular the wildly popular and humanity All right, then you got the hopper it for would be no cooking five Perk who not line from Tony Romas it's 70 got your college bowl preview whatever it is in nine o'clock nine to ten Any K attend you a Mark overnight Set in the newspaper in a box score from last night's Panther Bruins game. Oh, which I did see a part of it 17,000 some odd said there were 17,000 odd people there because it wanted to goose up that attendance Which that made the Toronto sun yesterday in the sports pages about the fact that they were given away four tickets to each season ticket order to try to impress your equipment was pretty embarrassing I saw that game on TV now granted it was the Panther telecast they had rumor and Denise with their bottle heads But if there were 17,000 people or that my name is Ish Kibbillow, Kater is no chance Maybe somebody was there will call and tell us how many really were there. It didn't look like it was empty But it sure is how about no 17,000 people So maybe they just counted the four thousand free cheese and ticket order that to give away you think for that they offered to give away Huh They're just counted everybody about three times you're not full on anybody Allen It's very sad situation actually played pretty good especially the overtime, but There, you know, what can I say have a one and six games? Here's one for the pool. Arnold elected governor of California. Thank you so much. How could we forget that because that was like at a finding moment in American history I said that at the time and I'll say it again. It was like at a finding moment in American history just like when I ate that indulge bar It was a defining moment my history In fact, I thought I was gonna be history after eight like the second or third one Jesus God I can't I can't impress upon you enough don't even touch it because the bad part of it is they taste good and they're smaller like little You know how you have like those little the bags of miniature candy bars Right like I'm talking about In the hollowing yeah, I like in the drugstore and you got like many milky ways or many sneakers for us They're just a little bit bigger than that You're gonna eat like two or three or four of them. You know if it's gonna be placed a meal and then you're gonna Just end it all WQAM WQAM Yeah, the vacancy bars the problem with fact guys like you is you're not problem with assholes like you is that you can't Put a lid on okay. I'm not interested in hearing from some skinny love punk this guy probably weighs 400 pounds that's another way of the cruddics No No, what a giveaway very perspicacious George Bring it on baby bring on that holiday cheer from soft fluid export it we can handle it Got the paycheck a day early this time all I can say that is nice going parents Oh, yeah, here's an excellent one from Louis the Marylle boat lift. I can't we forget all the Over the long I think I want to change my vote the Marylle boat lift all you marry a leaked those man Some nice people are came in during the Marylle boat lift Much as scumbags to his castred speaking of my atkins experience Come like a gigantic animal to the island you know, he just kind of like Yeah, put an animal tube there There was governor Bob as much as I like him now, but he was down there welcoming everybody and with open arms and legs come on in And Jimmy Carter the same thing 5 6 7 and I never forget I don't want to tell us to are you gonna but the people from the INS I had on my show and WS news that night doing the Reagan years And again during the break the guys as you've got to just accept it Florida We've decided that Florida is gonna be the dumping ground for rather Caribbean for all the illegals as said why He told me that right to my push That they had decided the I the immigration people at Florida was just gonna be the dumping run This is where like you know a lot with the course Texas in California where all the Mexicans the veners come in So good luck to us let's see David Mimey says due to my age I had to say the first space shuttle crash was most significant to me the Challenger crashes The Challenger blows up say it however you want, okay, okay, wasn't that the Challenger with the school teacher? Yes, yes, thanks David Oh, we got some activities going on. Do they right? Yeah, look for the QM pan 4 to 6 this afternoon at the 7 11 Oh, man, by the way, you're pickle legs you can make a donation to a band of perescue At the 7 11 at 44 51 D.D. Boulevard just north of Griffin road spin the QM wheel for those usual very low budget prizes and They will have all of the best of meal stuff there too and also the Joe Mark toy drive at all of these things To how they's we have as of yesterday 45,580 bucks for a band of perescue We got to get over 50 grand today's already December the 11 get with it Also 79 tonight Josh Cortis will be a Tony Romans for her cool hotline located Ludlem Road US one and Coral cables Does that mean you're getting paid extra for that? Probably not oh I guess yes it does make out just say well, why would you don't don't say probably not don't ever say that say you know what you say? That's right absolutely or otherwise I'm not showing And then you can be the next one suspended. We were I want to be honest with the audience we're operating we kind of a skeleton crew at QAM Because everybody's on the suspended list. They're dropping faster than they can be replaced It would be like if you went to colder to bet you know on a race And you find out that 90% of the jockey's have been suspended and like you know There's only like about five jockey's so we have like a limited number of horses or maybe they have to write a couple sides That'll during the race, you know Like in a Roman chariot Same thing at QAM man. We got a growing suspension list because It was for the holidays because we got a lot of people who just ain't behaving there miss behaving these days Of course some of maybe miss behaving for a long time in order mean bro Bitch miserable nasty hateful of notches lying bitch I bet you she's done OJ I'm notcha anything and if not she's probably got like a life size replica Don't you think yeah if anybody's got an OJ blowup doll that's screw in and The water not see a barzard on weekends Pippity QAM Neo yes sir. How are you my friend? I'm great To the here listen up. I got the same experience now with those bars, but with even the metric bars the pros Yeah, I've heard my god that Niagara fall My god wow I hate it anyway get rid of George's advice Yeah Oh man everybody's in the holidays spirit Oh, I love it. I just love it. I really do I've taken such a different tack on life such I have such a different take on everything It's just so damn amusing me the the misery the hate the suffering I understand a lot of people wish that you were someplace else not necessarily here where I am But like I'll just about any place else I can relate to that. I think they wish they worse some one else or some one else and also someplace else But of course look at the marion you'll discover that you're you and that's probably one of the reasons that you were there 567 056 the pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line George W Booster's the 2000 election has got 130 votes. I think Mario Bolif is gonna start moving up that list fast. How could we have forgotten? WQAM WQAM My my my my my I got a name Rodriguez but he's only 12 years old. Yeah, it's a very uncommon name right yeah, but these guys were very upset because he said that These guys Thanks for the good news and Felicia and Navidad 560 560 pound 560 on a AT&T Verizon wireless line. Don't let me forget to play a lot of alien bits again Do they don't forget in order of the Morris greasy ass and laser and that it got some a spoko And also don't forget yes, I'm the baby Jesus I didn't know your name was Brian I thought I was Boko Brian was the baby Jesus and when I heard that one thing this morning I knew he was I heard that I knew he was the baby Jesus. Oh Look at this It says I'm also on no carb diet to South Beach one have lost almost 20 pounds in zagas and you're killing me Because I can eat chocolate and but the following bar so my question is if I'm at work Should I eat the following oh, it's PR Ralph oh This must be part of that Puerto Rican cuisine we asked him about Says PS if you want pastels I bring somebody when you're in town and whatever no thanks A carb or right sugar free chocolate almond bar now he faxed me the ingredients on here and guess what the second one is Guess what the second ingredient is that begins with an M and N's in an L I give it 45 guesses Multitall It'll make a shit It'll make a shit Ralph might be immune being reconned all is that it? Well, no, and it all depends if you have a some people can eat that stuff and I'm jealous of them Sentitive stomach at eat that what do they call begin on this box? It's called sugar alcohols which I have no idea what the hell that's supposed to mean But that multitall or sorbitall man This is like a fricking h bomb entered your pussy In fact, that's probably the only thing that hasn't entered the scrantz pussy at is an h bomb We're sports radio 560 suing uam And now it's time for another edition of Professor Moe Hi, I'm boys and girls In fact, the one not a liquor fine notification today. We're good. Hello in about a Roma therapy now if my illness Great assistant will give me a hand My Still the press not that out of there. Oh, I'm over to doing I know who's behind this This People say been people Special to the is there anything Okay The My finger But two of the boys and girls out there and they've hit smells like pizza It smells like don't do They're gonna get those and fill and start smelling like pizza Why does it smell like my ass all morning for that you're not a I ain't called pizza for breakfast Now, oh, may you have done it, may I? I'm gonna pass out If I have to get the ring in Listen, you want to smell my feet and stand it now That's what I would say smell my finger Give a smell of women Yeah, but not let the ones back in my day Back in the roads and the rain forest running up there Cracked to the armpits 11 17 and 5 60 WQAM Here's a fact that says for our poll how about princess Diana's death Miss ladies princess I were begging please pop a rotsie's come in helping you You got a crush into a wall No rich guy for you Princess I Princess I She's really going into a tunnel Hello No, this obviously is from a lady into her. This was a very significant event Yeah, I do for this a huh? I think it's worthy For some people she was worthy princess that I would do about two seconds of our time times up bet some people right up Like her I'll tell you what you're the of talking about Statement by the Humane Society of the US and response device president Cheney shooting spree. Oh, yeah at a pencil when you can't hunting facility wait to hear this Mondays hunting trip to Pennsylvania by vice president Dick Cheney in which he reportedly shot more than 70 stock peasants and an unknown number of Mallard ducks at an exclusive private club Praise places a spotlight on an increasingly popular and deplorable form of hunting in which birds are pin-reared and released to be shot in large numbers by patrons The ethics of these hunts are to be called in question by rank and file sportsmen who on animals in their native habitat and don't shoot confinder Penbrate animals that can escape like I told you before the show today is called shooting fish in a barrel is what it's called real hunters would like to shoot those people the Pittsburgh Post Gazette reported Monday that 500 farm raised peasants were released Sunday morning at the rolling rock club in ligandier township for the benefit of Cheney's 10 person hunting party The group killed at least 417 of the birds illustrating the unsporting nature of canned hunts The party also shot an unknown number of captive mallards in the afternoon This wasn't a hunting ground. It was an open air abitore on the vice president should be ashamed to have patronized this operation and And slaughtered so many animals states weighing picell senior vice president the human society of the west if the vice president and his friends wanted to sharpen their shooting skills They could have shot skit or play not reserved to the slaughter of more than 400 creatures planted right in front of them as animated targets Have you liked that you know happen to know skit and clay and they're both nice guys. They don't deserve any shots How about skit or Davis okay So there you go there's your macho vice president and his entourage your misfits I guess they're just getting ready to sharpen up their skills for the big final blow out You know I'm saying Speak of that Bobby Brown. I see this this is a news story. No, but it's on the scene in a website And I noticed that the same people that were hyperventilating about the the incorrect Michael Jackson story yesterday About the shoot him up a dot com whatever it was They don't they have a corrected it from smoking gun dot com. I have bothered corrected As much and her girlfriend Lynn they have a corrected it on their websites it seems to me since someone you put a big headline on there And blasted all over the place about oh here's the here's the memo that blows that all the charges out of the water And it turns out to be quite to the contrary up nothing of the sword But it's always that way Like I want to you know the so-and-so was an ax murder when they put it on a front page of the paper and then I stay if you look on page two underneath where it has the Were these subscription information little tiny print correction now yesterday the Harold said they ought to oh it's big enough people making bad mistakes You people are channeled for your much of losers. We know that except for our friends over there. Do we have any Bob Soper right anybody else? Okay back to you now that's it So they report a couple days you go remember we have was it Monday or Tuesday whatever day we had the Ruth came in at the uptown theater that they're demolishing here in Toronto and again for whatever reason The media around the country made a new manga story which I guess it was a slow day Well channel forward ports. I have it on very good a 30-mile-one personal spy report channel forward ported that the Reason the roof of the uptown theater here in Toronto cave didn't a one person died and over 14 others injured was because of all the snow on the roof That the pressure of the snow from the big snowstorms over the weekend the roof came in There's only one problem with that as well as the channel for did it snow here in Toronto over the weekend was there a flake as snow The only flakes are a channel for the newsroom making up stories as they go along and bellishing stuff It didn't snow at all here. That storm went nowhere near here It went south of New York state it went across the Pennsylvania area and through a filet of anywhere Went up New England up these coast It was nowhere near here assholes a channel for so it's amazing that all of that snow could have come from nowhere Maybe Santa dropped it off the slate snowware It was snow where on the roof, but the uptown theater in Toronto that the roof came in they were demolishing the building You morons you but again, this is what the American public is getting the spoon fed every day Bullcraft man. It's done like the taste of it. Yeah God, I could have made a whole bunch of takeout meals for yesterday Bobby Chow and Charles with the chatterie Bobby Brown charged with batter all He stole square's batteries Or can you imagine she's probably still got that big one at broad. It's just like Roy's as per lettuce Singer Bobby Brown was charged with battery yesterday after weekend all the case with his wife singer Whitney Houston In which he allegedly threatened to be her ass authority said I think she's got to come and I think you're right I think a lot of people would like to beat her ass Brought a pair with his attorney before a judge. Yes, they have no nephew with the techers and a court solicitor He would charge with one kind of battery under George's domestic violence law and released He must return to I mean this is a news story that Bobby Brown beat up Whitney Houston for crying out loud That's that's a news story I just pass along because they're hyperventilating about that as well. You know I mean by hyperventilating Like that 5670560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line anybody called me this host a real A crowd of the Panther game life right now Well, why not I bet it's online. I always we always get great information online. I'm W to Q a M yeah, I can't talk to you. Yes, sir speaking. Yeah, you know looking at the Paper today like the New York. I don't know if you saw the cover of the New York post No, I'm trying to avoid it. Yeah, I know me too I can't help but I sit next to people read myth, but Notice that it has the the big story of course the that wedding You know the the bachelor wedding right you know just more about the spoon feeding of American public you know it has nothing to do. I guess with the fact that Rupert Murdoch owns the post right oh not at all and you know on their website I'm looking at it right now on the website They always have two of the headline from the sports and then they have the front page There's Matt there's Tristan Ryan's Jackie wedding spookle and then the pet at panic about Andy put in the Yankees Gonna lose them those are the two flashing headlines me while we had another American die in the rack And maybe more maybe more than one and it's not in there anywhere right and all the Halbert and contracts and everything like that Right, you know, and I call to talk about how the times hates the common man and everything and you know Today the New York Times has a story about How's the story about you know the what's trying to seek help for a bus all the companies that all the countries that were bored from From I'm trying to write You know He's on the street. I want to hear that we stuck it up your bubble. Would you please help us out? Yeah, exactly Yesterday was a healthro Peltro's wedding right however the post I mean doesn't even the type tickle our fancy I could give a crap list. Oh, yeah, I could really care too Well, I'm one good thing to do with a post man. It's good. It's good at a bottom of the bird cage better in the herd of the Suncennel Everybody got that. All right later Here's a guy in New York calling or reading a New York post all around him Which is nothing wrong with a good tabloid a problem is the word good doesn't fit in with a tabloid because it's Rupert Murdoch more of that fox right wing propaganda in New York compost Yeah, the New York I like that the New York compost Maybe I could have wiped my ass with that last night, but you could have made a lot of it many many times I can't even begin to tell you think I'm exaggerating when I just already began to tell me The then same have I yeah, let me start again. All right, in fact. I got a whole box full sitting here Let's see I had three top so that means I got a dozen matter of fact go and get something here's the sound Here's the sound of all these little bars Either live on the olds bars and the sad part of his day we they they taste not good. They're great You know how usually when you wouldn't know because you don't even the stuff because you're not fat I like that one guy was ripping us fat folks and he's right, but The fact is most of them have kind of like a Chucky tate not chalky, but like I don't like an artificial taste of the chocolate You know, I mean I said we'll throw the free crap. They came in oh But these tasted like the MS man like the real thing like I was like a Snickers bar like a like an old Henry This loaded with penis peanuts and Man, oh man about a 45 to our minute weight Do you imagine if you run out of paper? Yeah Cute Hey There you go, that's the meat and potatoes that he arrived to share right there. Now he's what you know, he just know that he's one of our chronics now. Oh yeah, because somebody that obsessed would never just disappear. No, just because we know his name where he works. Right, no, that wouldn't do it. No. So he's got like a new method now. So he must be one of the real ultra chronics. Probably the one that does the miserable son of a bitch. Probably that one. Yeah, that was bring guy. He's probably three of them. Oh, at least. High payments to Halle Burton for fuel and Iraq. The US government is paying the Halle Burton company and average of two dollars and sixty four cents a gallon to import gasoline and other fuel to Iraq from Kuwait. You know, Iraq, way to were like waiting online for four hours for gas right more than twice. What others are paying you a trucking Kuwait if you will government document show. Halle Burton, which has the exclusive US contract to import fuel into Iraq subcontrast to work to a Kuwaiti firm government official said, but Halle Burton gets 26 cents a gallon for its overhead and fee according to documents from the Army Corps of Engineers. The cost of the imported fuel first came to public attention on October and two senior Democrats in Congress criticized Halle Burton. The huge Houston based oilfield services company for inflating gasoline prices at a great cost to American taxpayers. At the time it was estimated the Halle Burton would charging the US government Iraq's oil for food program and average of about a buck sixty pounds for fuel available for 71 cents wholesale. But a breakdown of fuel costs contained in the Army Corps documents recently provided democratic congressional investigators and share with the New York Times shows that Halle Burton is charging two dollars and sixty four cents for a gallon of fuel. It imports from Kuwait in a buck twenty four per gallon from fuel from Turkey. There you go. When it out, gouge him out. How's that pull coming? The 2000 election may not be exceeded by anybody. Out of the 911 what the news events of the past fifty years had a most significant to you. What news event? George W. Bush deals the 2000 election 148. The JFK assassination sixty four. Vietnam more thirty two. Collapse of the Soviet Union in fifteen. The alien saga fifteen. Pint and peachman fourteen. John Lennon gets murdered thirteen. Berlin wall comes tumbling down twelve. Watergate slash Nixon resignation nine. Martin Luther King assassinations eight. Aliah. What is it? Elvis crap. Crap on a croaker. Eight. Didn't he crap on the croaker? The Mary of Bolif is got only six so far. I know that was a late edition but I can't believe that. I'm not supposed to say it for Mary of the Mary of the Leet does. It's a very important thing. In an at bubble burst three, Challenger explodes three. RFK assassination appear and Arnold Schwarzenegger becomes Governor of California. He's got two out of 354 votes. Governor California. Like I said, that was the delineating moment. That's where we do the line in the sand and said at this point we understand that the dumbing down of America is complete. Hey job. Oh look at that. And that's right on that somebody must have been psychic. Facing me this in because my next story is a peel court rejects Governor's request to remove the Shivow judge. An unknown vehicle crashed through the tall steel gates of the governor's mansion in Tallahassee last night because no one no injuries was a little bit better. Governor Jeb Bush was not at home at the time of vehicle crashed to one gate and fled to another gate shortly after 7 p.m. His wife Columbabush was at home but heard nothing as the incident unfolded official said she was probably packing up a lot of them good imported goods for Christmas gifts. You think? I know. The vehicle initially entered the grounds that the mansion to a gate on first avenue crossed the lawn and crashed through a second gate and fled on Duvall Street. Investigators said the vehicle believed to be some sort of truck. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Well as being sought by police and sheriff deputies called a new F-sistee investigation. Some sort of truck. That's good. I'm glad to run on top of it. Speaking of Governor Bush. The umptious one. The religious one. The fanatical one. The holier than thou one. The goodly two shoes one. And appeal score yesterday refused Governor Bush's request to disqualify St. Peter's Berg judge from hearing me a constitutional challenge to Terry's law. In a ruling last month, Circuit Judge W. Douglas Barrett said that the newly passed law that allows Bush to keep Terry Shival alive of the feeding tube is depriving the brain damage woman of her constitutional right to privacy. In other words, leave that family alone and let him do their thing. Remove the tube. Bush said the judge's comments made him an advocate and the governor's attorney as Beard to remove himself from the case when Beard didn't Bush appealed. In a five-page decision to three judge panel of the second district Court of Appeals and Beard statements are not caused to remove him. Some of Beard's comments, the panel said correctly reflect the law. While others were recitations of holdings by the appeals court itself, which has made several rulings in the Shival case over seven years. One of those appealing appeal rulings are firm to lower courts decision to be removed. But of course, you're born again in a governor, pollier than now. He's got a stick is nose in there and get the legislative pass and emergency law, Terry's law. So we can keep this woman alive. There's no hope. None. Zero. Simply do not. Less than none. But he's got a stick is nose in there. When once he gets to that side of the screw-and-sroom to check on that fetus, speak it of fetus. Yes. Thank you. Are you a potato pancake sir? No, but I reformacy subsequently through force. Yeah. Thank you, Ira. You mean corkeys did not come through for us today? No, I was a holiday. How was it? Potato pancakes? No. Shame on you, corkeys. Maybe maybe many other. Oh look what's on CNN again. The school looked upon them. They all feel like they were criminals for some reason. They're all just why was I unreasonably searched? Now I hope you're watching right now on CNN because there's a white kid. And I'm also not seen this about a million times and you'll notice there's a whole bunch of white kids. But now Jesse Jackson, the stick is nose in there and it's a racial playing. Oh and look at that. There's a cemetery with some shfarts on there on CNN. The individuals that were subject to this unreasonable search and see. It's a racial thing. I mean, I'm all with him as far as being, well, here's the real story. 17 Stratford High School students are sitting suing the city of Goose Creek South Carolina and the Berkeley County School District and federal court, alleging police and school officials terrorized them in a drug-rail last month and they are absolutely... Absolutely correct. Folks. Individuals named in the well-off sentence, the police chief and this one and that one. The suit also aims the city of Goose Creek. It's police department and the Berkeley County School District Ed Defendants. School officials decline to come and details a lawsuit both express regret about the incident right. The November 5th on my birthday, no less. November 5th, raid by police and school officials has created a national firestorm in part because it was caught on video tape by the school and made available to a local TV reporter. And we're watching it right now. Although they are patting down a couple of black, got teenage kids. See that? Yeah. Maybe they have that one. He thinks he's got a nice ass. I don't know. The guy. Standard officials have said they had reasonably drugs being sold at the hallway before passes started, but no drugs were found in a raid. I think it's a racial thing. Some strafford students were arrested on drug-related charges earlier this year in the lawsuit, the 17 students asked for an unspecified amount of money for damages and in injunction against another such raid. They also asked for a declaration that their constitutional rights have been violated, which of course goes without saying even a mow-run can tell that. Absolutely. The suit charges the students' fourth and 14th amendments were violated. The suit also levels charges of assault, battery, and false arrest. They said even Bobby Browner being burst by this. The school district and police department of McCrakken burst responsibility for what happened the suit said in part because they failed to train and supervised their employees part of the raid. Who'd have this McCrakken? He's the principal. Do you or Bill Kraken? Oh, it. Remember Jimmy Krakorn? Yeah. Kim. The suit also says McCrakorn has made clear that the raid will be in his the standard policy for a threat for administration. Are you ready for that? I'm ready. He has made clear that the raid will be in his the standard policy for a threat for administration when contacted last Friday McCrakken said he hadn't received any information about the lawsuit, even if I had I can't comment he said. And the best news of all guests who's there, I just already told you. Guess who's there, stick it as no sin to it. Jesse. Yeah, Jesse. The Reverend Jesse Jackson, they South Carolina native, travel the low country this week and not as planned for a December 16 rally to protest the drug raid. You go, Jesse. You go, man. Maybe can impregnate a few South Carolina and women while he's there too. What tells Ron, which Jesse run again, he can be the new father of our country. See, that's why we got so many white folks. George Washington was a white guy, right? Thomas Jefferson. He impregnated them slaves. Made them all white. He could be the godfather of the country. In fact, Thomas Jefferson got a bit of Michael Jackson's father, you think? Before he turned quite so white. 100 in fit. Now, how's the burial boat lived? Only got seven? That is really only seven say the burial boat lived is the most significant event. News of it or the past 50 years to that net is almost enough to make me say. But not quite. But not quite. My life and love. This is for 205. 60. In the way. Oh yeah. I don't have a penis. Well, congratulations, get a light. 29. On we ride. He's going to take us somewhere. He says, he's the one with the two first names. It's we ride. We're totally out here. We're here with our. Hey, Montenegro. Yeah. It smells like powdered pigs here. Bread that counts as, oh, I smell funny. What's this old white boy tired doing here? I'm raising pigs ears. This one here at Hall Skater Day. Oh, well, that life-sized longjockey's tattoo. I think I'll have to ask him first. He has to ask him. You understand, he's real. Oh, God, don't you smell like hot baloney. I smell like a man. Who's that? You have the change in the basement. That's my retired sister who's my mom too. When I came for there for. I, oh, that's not your business. Fine. Okay, now let's get rid of that hat. That's screening. Hey, everybody. I'm a moron. Don't touch my hat. I keep my brains in there. Oh, hey. I agree to let you see she's in here to harm my city. Just don't touch me. Don't worry, honey. But they're not in to pairs. But you have to get out of those. Well, I get sick of them clothes. Okay. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Don't worry, honey. Get the garden hose. What was the last one you came during the where-toby? About 30 days ago. He's growing. My true brother. His ball. I make it for me. I'm not going to pay for it. I mean, I want to watch it. We're high for till be key tonight after a special monster ball's garage. Prop 46 had five 60. I say 1246 and give it as a newfoundland somewhere. 14 till noon is what it is. Give her take. I say 70560 pound five 60 on the AT&T. I don't know if we really have that many more for the pole that we're going to get. I think we got most of the major events. Right. And. Yeah. So you put that 911 thing on the other than the 911. I think that GW Bush thing would have beat that too. No. All right. No way. Just take a no chance. Telling you. Do you believe that Josh? No, I don't. No, no, we don't believe you. See, even Josh has got the call. Yes, to say. Only one way to find out. See, you don't have like another quizling there like a beiner boy. I'll please please one as if back stabbing sack of crap. And I was on the building. Hey, what are your world man? No, where's people that you rest you for under the overpass and over the European past one of your people. No, who is it? I don't know. Democratic presidential hopeful, Wesley Clark tried to use his biography to connect with voters. Just as Bill Clinton did 92. No coincidence, by the way, he's the Clinton's hand pick guy. He's starring a 17 minute campaign film that chronicles his Arkansas upbringing and decorated military career. The film American son was produced by Linda Bloodworth Thomason, the same filmmaker who produced several such pieces for Clinton, including the celebrated 92 convention film The Man from Hope. Hope Arkansas. Bloodworth Thomason, old Clinton friend also produced the TV series designing women, evening shade and hearts of fire. The Clark film covers his childhood as schooling at West Point as service as NATO Supreme Allied Commander supporters attending an AIS or something I think Clark and when he election. You lie? Why? I see tremendous similarities between West Clark and white Eisenhower, the difference being the Clark actually can speak and can pronounce words properly and to make some better belly for glory because Eisenhower is like a grizzle wolf fart. He wanted to be a sturdy he was old. I'm telling you, I'm not saying that I'm a band in the Dean bandwagon, but I'm just saying I really think West Clark can win. And this business of our wildest not a real democrat, well Eisenhower didn't know what party was in there. Republicans made it when offering couldn't refuse, I guess. And he said, okay, why not? Support is attending in New York fundraiser for Clark this week. We're going to preview the film. Then it'll be headed up to supporters of 500 house parties across the country December 18, which is a week from today. Chris Lahain, a Clark campaign spokesman said the film may run on TV stations in the future. The film is just one more example of how the Clark campaign is embracing the retired General similarities with Clinton, dozens of former Clinton staffers are working on Clark's campaign, and the two men's early lives have striking parallels. Both are Arkansas natives who were raised as backdies by the mothers after their fathers die while they were young, both go by last names of their adopted fathers, and learn in adulthood about brothers they had never met. Both earned road scholarships to study at Oxford University in the late 1960s. How do you like that? I like it. Lots of similarities there only Clark don't speak with the kind like a southern withdrawal. And you don't have like one tent the personality of Clinton, not even close. But he's okay. We might warm up him a little bit, right? They'll take him. They'll take him to the open form. That's what I'm saying. I mean, Dean is the man right now, but leave it open for us. As it turns into a mess, let's call on West. I like West less. Mother of three gets for us. I don't know what to say about this. Maybe you do. Mother of three gets four years in prison for sex with teenage boy. Amy Dwayne, the 37 year old mother of three chilled, more than sentenced to four years in prison yesterday. For having sex with a 13 year old boy in supply, alcohol, or the teens are like worth homer. But that's story. Yeah, that's a little young. No, no, no, no, no, no. Not saying it was acceptable by, I mean, four years in prison. What would you show? Shortly before this, I don't know. Shortly before the sentence in Dwayne told Palm Beach County circuit judge Jack Cook. I'm so, so sorry. Dwayne could have spent a maximum of 16 and a half years in prison under state guidelines, and addition to victims mother would ask the judge to give Dwayne the maximum for abusing with trust the neighborhood children and their parents, and lying about the relationship more than year before she was arrested. Cook ordered the four-year term, added five years of probation and told Dwayne, she was free to spend the holidays with her firefighter, hubby, and children told January 5 when she's to report to state prison officials. Dwayne told Dwayne, a little reaction of the sentence was handed down. Last month Dwayne pleaded guilty to a single count of Ludmel civil's battery and I missed a minute as counts as sale of booze to persons under 21, as part of the plea deal, prosecutors agreed to drop a second count of Ludmel civil's battery. A Dwayne friend, Deborah Farve, 39 and a minute she also had a sexual encounter with a teenager in a bedroom in a dead Dwayne's home, in a bedroom. The two women regularly supply booth in neighborhood junior high school students would stop by Dwayne's opinion drive home according to court records. When Palm Beach County Sheriff's detective's arrested both women in May, Farve is a girl's squad where just to our wild date worked as a data entry processor and elementary school. Farve is pretty guilty to all the charges without a plea deal in place. She faces five and a half to 15 and two thirds years in prison under state sensing guidelines for the single felony count of unlawful sexual activity in four counts of sale of out-called a prison under 21, sensing for a far-worldly February 13. So in other words, you don't think that four years in prison is a little bit over the top? She could have gone for 16 and a half years as the max. She's 37, she had sex with a 13 year old boy, she was passing booze amount of teenagers and she's going to get four years in jail. Well, I think the end of the thing she wasn't supplying him with that wicked weed man, she gets like a 20 to 30 easy. Maybe life, good as is the kiddo beyond almost 18, but time she comes out. Oh man, that is bad. 5605, 560, on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. What would be the appropriate sentence? I don't know, therapy. No jail. Suspended to sentence. Proof of a criminal. See, I just don't, I mean, granted what he did was grow to be successful, but on the other hand, four years in jail. See what I'm saying? Yeah, but does that double standard again? What do you mean? I've been a guy with a 13 year old girl in life. Life is long for man. And violent rape all the way through it. WDQAM. It smells like juice, you. WDQAM, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Can I read you something real quick on Neil Bush? Go ahead. This is out of the week magazine. Says a president Bush's brother admitted to having sex with a string of women, law, and a business trip to English. How many had that long time ago, sir? Thank you. How many had that long time ago? I did. Ages ago, like two, three weeks ago. But thanks anyway, pal. He did know that we're talking about it. What? He didn't know that we're prostitutes. Anyway, let's see. Scott, till 2pm, what does this mean? I don't understand what this addition means to our best of things. I don't know, just read it as is. It says, Scott, until 2pm, at the shell gas station on Sheridan Street, just west of I-95, some of what he's there now. Or on his way, or going to be there. Yeah. Well, that's like by your house, right? The shell gas station on Sheridan Street, just west of I-95, look for the QM fan. Scott's going to be at a Scott Junior with our best of the Emerson Dice of Accepting Toys for the Jo and Mark Toy Drive. And then later on, 46 this afternoon, the van will be at 7-11 at 44-51 Baby, blah blah blah blah blah. You're going to get a whole bunch of pickle eggs and then sausages, man. Oh, man. Just stick your hand in that big jar and pull a good one out. You must not have been in the 7-11 in a while. In fact, if you close your eyes, yeah. What do you mean by that? They've really come a long way. I'm not just joking around like that. Are you like so defensive about 7-11? You got something going on with somebody at 7-11? I wish. Boy, I wish. Look for the QM fan today, 46-7-11. Located at 44-51 Baby, blah blah blah blah. Just know the Griffin Road. Spin the wheel for prize. I'm assuming we get a list of that one? Or assuming. And then 7-9 o'clock tonight, Josh Cortis will be at Tony Romans for her King Hotline. You can warn Josh about working on his show. I guess he's already been warned. Located at Ludlam Road in US-1 at Kroll Gables. And like I said, till 2 o'clock, Scott is in a few in Van Let's raise a few hundred bucks today again. We'll certainly get over the 46-1000 dollar mark. For sure, won't we? Yeah. Because going into today, we had 40,000, 580, which means we need 420 a day. With all of these damn appearances, we do that like fall on our bed in the morning, right? I would thank. Right. WQA, I'm hello. Hi Neil. Yes, man. Hi. Our first lady of the day. Let's hear it. Oh, I'm late. Um, I have two things to say. Okay. Actually, I'm more, but I'm restraining myself. Um, first is I just wanted you to know that in certain boss and medical centers, there's a name for what's alien you after your indulged virus. It's called RBF, which stands for Rectal Blowout Syndrome. Rectal Blowout. When and out, I blew it out. I just have to say, all right, you're correct. And, um, B, I have a theory about your declining, um, hits on your website. Yeah. I believe that there are maybe more people like me who do to the blooming income and the incredible drop in the unemployment rate. Um, I have a work in two years. Oh, no. And, um, I had to sell my computer to keep the car from being reserved and possibly also by some food. So I can no longer go to your website. And I can't cast any votes, which I'd like to vote for Vietnam if that's possible. Okay. And, um, maybe that's why, um, not so many people can visit your website anymore. Maybe they all had a seller computers for the holidays. Yeah. You'd like gifts, could be. I can't even buy my grandchildren and gifts this year. A Georgia, I'll be out. Oh, you want it? Sure. Isn't he sweet? No, you want it. I mean, thanks a lot. Relax, we're not hanging there. Okay, thanks. Have a great holiday in spite of it. You too. 11. 10. 26. George, what a help you. I'll buy the way to a Texan and mail. I think it was younger, cuter, willing maybe, and if you were like 13, she might help you out. Ah, she's not that tight. Oh, no, seriously. I don't think about that. We should take a poll on that tomorrow in the first hour for part of the show. I already smith can Mr.acken get it again. Do you really think that she deserves jail time for that? No. Uh, kids said she was pretty good. Now see, that was bad. You shouldn't have said that. Well, they don't put his name in there. He's a minor. Four minutes told noon at five, 60 WCM. Shelly blooms is pretty good. That's why they've been around so long. Shelly blooms fashion coders. They've been doing it right for the guys to sell photo for 40 long, amazing years in the same world famous location. 26. 15 Northwest Fifth Avenue right in the heart of the Miami Fashion District. At Shelly blooms, you'll always find fine men's clothing. They got it all for you. They got suits. Sportcodes, slacks, dress, sports shirts, ties. One of the biggest selection of designers shoes anywhere in the universe. Shelly's got a tad in Slack Super 120s and 15 Colors, 26 Bugs. Georgio are money suits that you have to pay 1395 to 5095 any ever place else or only 795 bucks. At Shelly blooms fashion coders. Shelly even offers a fantastic selection of a tad in suit starting in just 125 bucks each. Three ingredients are wider still there. Go on strong after 40 years service selection price. They are unbeatable and shelly guarantees it'll never change. The selection is fantastic. All the versions are always free. And with thousands of suits in stock up to size 70. Fat boy, you're sure to find what you need. So stock overstanding and extending at the malls and make the trip to Shelly blooms. In a heart of the fashion district, open Monday through Saturday 9.30 to 6. If you have questions you want to compare prices, give Shelly a call. It's 305-5735890. That's 305-5735890. Shelly blooms. No matter where you live, no matter where you hang it in out. Shelly blooms fashion coders is well worth your trip. 5-506-5735890. Shelly! This is Dick Kenny. I'd like to relax by having very Magdalene massage my balls while listening to the meal rotters while the one hour of the day. Okay. This old man Dick Cheney, he had an geo-pasty, had a heart attack, had a whack on him a full stone. Next time he's not coming home. Hey, cheers to July, happy new year. But let's go another one. This time with the president's heart. This bit with his name's Bush. He's a hemorrhoid in the tush. He picked the guy who would die. So we be alone. There's nothing in his empty tone. Yeah, hold on. Double through the 5-60WQM436 votes on a poll. Not too shabby, man. We'll go from the bottom up. Which other than 9-11, what of news have ended in the past 50 years? Has the most significance to you? Princess Die dies. None. You think that it the fucking empelists that were like saying a prayer, hoping that she would die even if I'm not suggesting, of course, that it was a plot that she was a saint. No, of course not. Who would say something? If it was like going die die in you. Did I get it? No, that was jupe prayers. Princess Die dies. None. Arms, roach, and bigger becomes Governor California too. Our FK assassination 3, internet bubble bursts. Six. Elvis Crokes on the old crap or nine. I'm a T.H.M. At some of the Mackins bars. I don't know he didn't even have him then. But if he would've. In fact, maybe if he would've eaten him, he wouldn't have a strain so much. You ever looked up the definition of hemorrhides in the dictionary? Oh no. And one of the definitions I've read, which I always find most amusing is, straining at stool. Okay. Straining at stool. Okay. Okay. I want to get two grandfathers. They have to see get all of said about ex-contour activity. But just it just sounds so. I know what they're trying to say, but it's just straining at stool. In other words, you're squeezing too hard, baby. But you have a calendar. You know, what are those? You're swinging? Right. Well, you might as well as, uh, but I won't get something you've worth while done. If you're sitting on it a long time, there might be pennies in there. Elvis Crokes on a crap or nine. The first thing I'm thinking is assassination nine. Watergate slash Nixon resignation ten. The Mario Bolif is up to ten. The reason I just never got more votes here to people over the voted for you or they are. They moved it. They left town. They moved it. Yeah. That's 23 years ago, tip. Well, what about some of the other stuff? How about these assassinations? We're like, uh, maybe we're big national news. Not a local, uh, you know, give me a freaking break. How about alienito? What I was big national news to never should have been. And recent. It was a kidnapping of a little kid. By the Miami family, Mary a Bolif 10, a Challenger explodes 12. Well, it welcomes down 14. John Lennon gets murdered 14. Uh, Clinton impeachment 17, Ali on sagas 17, collapsed of the Soviet Union 20. War in Vietnam 39, the JFK assassination 82. And George W. Bush steals the election of 2000 and, uh, 2000. Absolutely. 176. In other words, he you can't touch it. It's in a league of its own, but Josh and I are correct if we would have put nine eleven on there. It would have been no contest. There's only one way to know for sure. In other words, you want to put that on there now. Oh, whatever. I really don't. Okay. It's just a more for Eric, but if Eric don't mind, all he's got to do is take a couple of words off and add that one thing on there. Okay. Take the four or three or whatever towards in a number and a comma. As you listen, call him up and tell him. He'll be pissed off and he's got to put nine eleven on there. That's all. This nine low. Okay. And we'll see. I mean, it'll do well. I think it'll come in second. It will probably tell you about swan. You're, you're, you're, you're, goo, down to him and kindle your butt lucky your groupy, your sicker fan. He'll probably vote 300 times though. Okay. He George was right. Yeah. George knows his craft man. That said, it must be that. If I'm right, it's, uh, because of him. See, how many got an excuse? I'm no fool. Oh, I guess what people have to flu. Oh. That's one of the major major stories. It's a big story. No. Of course it's not a big story. Every year, this time, people get to flu. People die from the flu every single year. Our people swaning and falling on the ground from the flu everywhere. Oh. Oh, I'm like a major massive epidemic. This pandemic they've been warning us. No. No. But that's all they can talk about. And of course, now, like I told you yesterday, the American, the CDC is running out of vaccine because they got everybody whipped up to such a frenzy. He went through the end flu shots. Uh, now doesn't this make you feel confident. Remember they were talking about after nine, love it about a, uh, a, a, that, theological attack? Remember that? Yeah. And it was going to be smallpox. It was going to be whatever. Antracks. And they made all those billions of doses of smallpox vaccine. Well, it really gives a lot of confidence to see their, how they're dealing with something as mundane as the flu, which is exactly like, uh, you know, a pandemic. Like I said, but they ran and they're running out. Uh, a vaccine. And so they're having to buy that very, very dangerous European vaccine. Even us made by the same manufacturers, like all the drugs are here in Canada. If it's not made in USA, it must be really dangerous. Almost as made in China because they're those common to serve good buddies. And by the way, you ask us on Taiwan better shut up. Or else five six seven. Five 60 pound five 60 on the AT and T and Verizon wireless line. W to Q a and hello. Hello Q a sir. Hello. Speak to me. Yes. Yeah. I'd like to talk about a two, uh, domestic terrorism thing. And the other one was the Alperpine era building. That was a big story. And the other one that I'd like to ask you, uh, whatever happened when the, with, uh, the poisoning of the Tylenol pills, did that cause sweat under the car was pretty well. No, they arrested some asshole for doing that. Five six seven, oh five 60, did they screw that up? I think they swept the town on the right of the carpet. I found a couple of the other days. Matter of fact, that's just drank. They were pretty good. Yeah. Coding. I think that's probably a pretty good piece of advice. He'd like a whole bunch of Swiss cheese before you. Because Swiss cheese don't have like any carbs. Okay. So he'd like a whole bunch of Swiss cheese. In fact, maybe some French onion soup would be good for us. The only problem is that the onion soup is hazytic. It's very acidy. If you, you like that, right? Of course. A lot of the thick layer of cheese. Oh, that's one of my favorite. So good. But the only problem is that, let that see that. That's like a primer. And it gets your stomach girdling already before you eat the Atkins in Dull's bar. I'm serious. If you're one of the people who doesn't have any sensitivity to multiple or the, this is the greatest thing. If you're a fat piece of crap like me, you'll love these. Just mind your mind, you. But if you have any kind of sensitivity, when it does, watch out. I'm just don't tell anybody I didn't warn you. Okay. I'm warning you loud and queer. Right here. WQAM. Hello. Value. Okay. Someday I will and you will too. Probably first. WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. How are you talking about the full earlier today about the Asadog and Jim Rose. Yeah. No, Jim Rose. No, Jim Rose not on the poll sir. Jim Rose. Jim Rose not on this radio station. Thank God. He's an old growing five year old child. No, but I'm, I think he's probably four. He's probably four football fans. He really stuck mad dogs. That's a little too much. Yeah. Because he hardly knows anything about faith. Follow. Yeah. When you ask, I think everybody loves the mad dog. You're just the chronic asshole or your voice is just like, you know, when you hear somebody fart, that's that guy again. Same old thing. Same sound. Just another O'sha on Provocanture. Everybody loves the mad dog. Right. No, I'm going to stick about it. If you don't like him, that's just something about you. Not about him. There ain't nobody. Don't love the mad dog. Am I right? Yes. Right, Mo. Absolutely. You want to kill him, Mo? No, no, no. You want to kill him. You want to kill him, Mo? Mark Morgan line. Now, if you're not quick, see you're going to have to work out after we train the audience now. I'm going to scream. If you're not quick, you lose. I don't have time to dittle around. How to tell you to kill him. Hi, Lars. Hello? Yes, sir. Neil, I like to add one to your pose. That's the great one, Reverend Jones came up there. Now he's talking to a tin can. I love it. Or through somebody's can. Rectome, probably his own. See, now you don't like him. I'm going to you very real hard ass. Yeah. When I look at that, Eric, you know, you're the best Eric. I keep practicing in my email. You're Molly's million and I apologize for that, Eric. But it's just, I'm not doing intentionally. There's just a lot of important crap. I like to get out through to the 10 people that we're at our website. So I'm blowing him up last two days with a whole bunch of extra stories more of the usual. But these handle it is probably handling it right now. The baloney. What news have ended the past 50 years has had the most significance to you. Now let's see. We got the, uh, is it on there? 9, 11's already got 3. See? Yeah. It's going to move up there, but it'll never be well. No. I mean, a bush will never, what? It'll never catch bush. You're wrong. Okay. It's going to zoom on by like the bush muster is standing. Still like he's in the prone position and don't forget to check out the WMD countdown. I should be promoting that. I hell of a lot more. I only discovered that by accident this morning because I haven't looked at it for a long time and I think either. And I clicked on it wouldn't I see. I keep my speakers turned off on my computer because otherwise every time it reboots it. It really really like makes a click on here. I know what it's like. Well, I want everybody to hear it. Maybe they don't know what I'm talking about. Makes that clicking sound. Come on. You can do it. I guess I'm clicked refresh and set a way in and around. There we go. Here it. Nope. How come I didn't do it? Mm. How come I didn't make an o click in sound? Because I want to make my speaker died. Oh, no. I guess I just did it again. I heard it. I heard it. How about if I click on the WMD countdown? One moment please. I just want just for amusement. Okay. I love that the mad magazine George Bush G.I.J. Our A-Wall president, baby. And I love even more president mode bush in the commander-in-ship. But what's that up to? I'm a good person. The mode bush that make an excellent t-shirt. That would make good. I think we ought to make those next year for our best of campaign. Here comes the WMD countdown. See, here you go. We need to go. People do work. We need to be able to work. We need to be able to work. He's just a vehicle. We need to be able to be during the world. We need to be able to be able to be able to be able to. We need to be able to be able to work. People like when you ask those right. That's a beautiful thing. But, what's up with the storm now? Just for the hell of a just to make up for that few moments when it didn't It's quick and I crazy. So check out the WMD countdown by all means. You'll see 9-11 is going to pass bush like I said like he ain't even on a railroad tracks yet. 12 minutes past noon. At 5-60, speaking of the railroad tracks, how'd you like the next time you hop on Amtrak? See Todd Dress body line there, pro on the tracks. Just as you went by. Huh? See the aftermath of that splatter on the track. That'd be a beautiful thing. And on your next mortgage just imagine these things imagine zero closing call. Zero application fee. Zero credit bureau fee. Zero discounted points. It's the last mortgage you'll ever need. I guarantee that the Revolutionary only one mortgage from financial group. Now within interest rate it just 1.95%. Which translate to this if you have a $200,000 example. Your payments are a mere 738 bucks a month. And once you be fine answer get you that new home mortgage from financial group. Here's one of the best parts of the whole deal. You'll never pay closing cost again. Come on more information call them toll free. 1-800-940-0. Grab yourself real financing power with the low rate mortgage you can move the next property without any further cost to expense the only one mortgage from financial group. It's a whole new way to buy. You pay zero underwriting fee. Zero dock fee. Zero prepim and peddley. And zero closing cost even when you move to another property. So get yourself fine answer get just 1.95% and never ever pay closing cost again. Get all the info by making a toll free call you'll be glad you did. Call financial group at 1-800-940-0. L-E-N-D either an equal housing lender. Restrictions do apply rates up to change monthly. 5.19 APR. We're supposed to be in 5.60. You a-M. I'm dying on the hands. Oh. I really do believe I've got you. You're fair. I really am a platform-smels for you. Running down a TV just don't stand in my way. Because now I've got you gone. I'll be around and do where you come from. Have a need and a thing for two days. I tried what rice and chicken broth. The nothing seems to work. My hammer-royed to swollen. The feel I've been playing. I think I've lost some of my calling And I'm ready to go by some depends. Because I have tried. You're moldy, yeah. Still have diarrhea. I've got the rice. Yes, I'll charge you a birthday. Oh, it's too late. 127. 16WQM. And in a laugh and matter, I'll tell you that right now. And if there wasn't a god, I guarantee there'd be no such things as constipation or diarrhea. Believe you me. Okay, here's the deal. And so far, you're very smug, I'm sure, because 911 is moving up very slowly. You do understand because nobody can change their vote. So people were sitting at their PCs and they were a visitor at home or in their pub tent or in the car while we're supposed to be driving. Those people are can't change their vote. Oh, we could reset it. No, and how would that? I'll give you a handy crap. I've got, I've got to be one leftover. What news have ended in the past 50 years has had a most significant studio during WBB deals with 2,000 election 1951. JFK assassination 85, Warren Vietnam 44. That should have more. Collapse of the Soviet Union in 21, Clinton impeachment 17, the alien sagas 17, John Lennon gets murdered 17. 164 are the Chounder Explodes. Berlin welcomes down 14, Martin Luther King assassination in 11, Mary Alboa, Liff to 11. 911's got 10. It's only been on there a few seconds. I've heard a man. Right, got 10 already. Watergate, Sise Nixon resignation 10. Elvis Crokes on a crap or nine. Internet bubble burst 7. Our own Schwarzenegger becomes Governor of California 3. RFK assassination 3. And Princess died dies. Go find a got one vote. Final. Out of 467 was probably the alien who facts this thing. Here's a facts that says I won't say I dislike mad. Well, this is so sad. I won't say I just like mad dog, but his political views are just to the right of a Tillahon. He's a real right-wing boy, loves the Bushman. And of course, but that's not just him. 99% of the jokes, especially the white ones, are good old Republican boys and a geo-Jim Bunny and all of those guys. Was your white all of these people? Who was the Ashfartor from? What was he from? That resigned from the Congress. What the hell was his name? What are all these ex-jucks? Men are all Republican. And of course, Jack Kemp. I'll read he's a lot more moderate than most Steve Lager. There's a good example. Right-wing fanatic. That's the goes with the territory. They're brainwashed into that. And of course, they have to take that political stance because what else people are going to say about a bunch of guys that take showers together. Right? So it's a cover up. You're gay. Yeah, that's right. So it's a cover up. They have to be like a homophobic. But I mean, she's dead. He doesn't do a political show. Thank God. Can you imagine that? No. The man dog on politics. I can't even begin to imagine that. Let me see. How's that 911 doing? 11? Are you having for 911? If you have to physically push it up there, you're good at it. No, I'm not. I'm not going to touch it there. I'm not going to touch it. It's touching it. No, I'm not. I am touching this matter of fact. Squared squirt. No, nothing's happening. Oh, it isn't. Look at this. Please excuse my ignorance as this. Thanks. But who the hell is Reverend Jones beside an obsessed chronic? And what's this in the program? It's signed of Cess chronic. And if you look at the printing out here, if you know, it's a, hey, just another one of the crowd, Pally, just another one of our obsessed chronic. So which we have many. About 30,000. Right. Oh, brother. Oh, guess what? What? We have事情 Arlam. It's a function that has been being presented within five two years in reality, In Am 맞 fünf threeolic. We don't work on numbers of officers or bookrooms on making ironplaats and bur transparent. So, let me mean, I don't think he is coming back? Oh, my God, how did he say so? So he's actually staying up by a full night. One of the three men that we loved who lives in the sense of nature is no, like Dunkirk, New York. The prime contracts were set to be advertised last Friday, but were delayed while high-level policy decisions took place, a further delay was announced yesterday after earlier promises of release Monday and Tuesday. The Adrely Director of Defense Procurement at the Pentagon attributed to the later questions being addressed by Procurement experts since he hoped the contracts would be advertised within the next few days. The 26 contracts are funded by money appropriated from the US Congress and cover electricity, publications, public buildings, transportation, public works, security and justice. It's another thing that they can accomplish by not letting Germany and France and Canada and some of the other countries that had some common sense by not letting them a bit on these. Is that means more money for the American companies because they won't have no more competition, see? Let's competition for their good friends in high places would a big box. That's what it's all about. And then he's got the nerve to get on the phone. All the presidents working in the phones today would Germany and the France trying to get some cash out of these people to help the Iraq reconstruction. Right. It's called pulling back with one hand and pushing with the other. It's like when Mom says, oh my God, you're getting so fat and then she shoves all that food in front of your face at the dinner table. Can you understand? Like my mother, the same thing. Oh my gosh, why didn't you try to lose them? And then she starts shoving like 16 different courses in front of your face. Same old crap. Just pull them back with the other. Kind of like Wallie Hennessy and the Stretched Pomp and O Park. How we do what at 9 11. Think on our 14. You'll see by the time I sit my ass down here 7 30 or 7 45 tomorrow morning and you and I start to evacuate. You'll see. All right. And you'll see 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. How Scott threw it out there at the QM fan and he reports you? Oh no update. Yeah. He just got there. I don't even know when I held he got there. Just kind of like an afterthought. I guess he likes being out there and doing something. I just walked parade his ass around before he gets suspended. Well, he's got, look, everybody's got to get suspended at least once by Greg Reed. So he can walk around flexing his muscle. I'm Greg Reed. I'm the general manager. Nobody fs with me. Well that's not what I heard. Scott will be till 2 p.m. at the QM fan. The shell of gas station on Sheridan Street just west of I-95. But our best in the Ill Merchandized. Let's go. Let's get with it. Is it raining day again? Not that I see. No, see. Not like yesterday was the end of the world. And we still did almost 600 bucks yesterday. I wouldn't do bad. Unbelievable. Even though we almost got rained out, we didn't expect to get squat. And thanks in large parts of some very nice ladies who came by and wrote out $100 check 140 bucks for a band of Parisq. Thank you ladies. They cared about the sender very bad. Yeah, actually we did get 600 bucks, sister. Did we? Well, how can we just tell me that now, Josh? Well, the show ended when we look at it. That is it. George probably told you to do that to make me look bad. That's right. 25. Why just want to get the right total? Those peaches total. 45,640 car. Let's bring back Calcio. No, it could. Those are the days from those green house. You on days of W.I.O.D. When we used to have like real fund raises going on. We used to raise 150 grand man or man. We were the crap load of money in this town. I really liked the options department. The whole station was behind it. That was right. But it was involved in the fill head is thing. You know, we're going to show it. Yeah, he did. Rick and sons had their thing. The goddess had that. Oh, it's bigger than the goddess. You know, I haven't played it all today yet. Wait till you're there. Brandy. Lights. What? Are you looking to meet? No. Don't you like that? Where the hell that come from? Brandy. Lights. I'm a Wendy. What? Are you looking to meet? No. I can't tell you. It's a secret between me and Boker Brian. I see. 5.6. 7.5. 5.6. The only AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. Those are the days. You're right. I mean, no. We're like trend water now. Especially after for well-gotch McCann. Man, we were like, you know, the station was floundering. Thanks mostly to Moe. Absolutely. And like, and then they brought in for well. And all of a sudden, how many times did I say it on a year? About 30 man. And he like, he brought us back. The great white hope. All of a sudden he would be vitalized. W.K. We had some energy and excitement. The audience was foaming at them out. But we looked like that all the time. And then once he got smidkin, which, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I said the better. Believe me, it wasn't the one side to deal. I wish him all the luck in the world. But he has this habit of getting his aspired. You know what I mean? Yeah. But anyway, at that point, we were really like on, you can see it in the members too. We're on the verge of going through the roof. And all of a sudden, we're on a verge of like falling through the floor. We could get like you can smell it. It's either most bag or something. You can smell it. I can smell all the way up here. By the way, it's not like crazy over the weekend. And they've moved caped in. Not what a bunch of, I heard that. It just made me want to cry. The answer was a channel for all the snow on the roof of the building from the big storms over the weekend, caused the roof to collapse at the uptown theater in Toronto. Again, what the was that snow here, you moron, you jackasses. And not guys said before, this is what the media is. I don't see anybody corrected a Michael Jackson this theory about that, uh, about that memo. I don't see any corrections on some of the websites today so far. This show is the only place and see an end of their credit all of the not talking about enough. Certainly not on balance with what they had yesterday. Like, oh, this is the end of it. Just throw it all out for get about it. No way. No way. He's going to get off the hook this time. That woman who's getting the four years in jail with a 13 year old. Believe me, that kid was at least before years two old for Michael. Yeah. Right. Right. I mean, he's in there with like nine and 10, 11 year old kids in Vegas feeding them booze and cigarettes. And God only knows what else to do with them. I'll have a pretty good imagination. And all these apologists and all this spin going on. See, there is no news in American anymore. It's all spin right. It's not just that Fox is everywhere. It's all spin all day. It's like a goddamn dryer that just won't want shut off or washing machine that's stuck in a spin cycle to all spin all the time. Even even the Jews with their drails this high opportunity to look what they're doing. They're spinning it. 27 past 11 if you're passed noon. I can't get the time right today. That's because everything like yesterday is going by so fast. You think it's the ad can stuff? That's it. Before the show yesterday, maybe my second powers maybe I knew I was going to get like all wound up like a dravel. If you're here, uh, can't be wound up because they're in enough of it to make like a bun. Isn't that what Mitch Lewis used to have yet a ponytail, though it can look like a bun like my grandma. Anyway, here's the answer to get your hair back. Chuck Alfieri, forget about these other fakers that have come down to pack these Johnny come late. Charlie's been around for over 25 years and the reason he's been in business so long is because the smart guys know that the best look in System in the world is Charlie's natural hairline system. It looks like real honest to good is here growing out of your scalp as opposed to straw. And I give you so many examples man. Sam Donaldson looks like crap. Best percentage. Good guy looks like crap. No bad guy. Absolutely. And looks like crap. But I must grab look. So if you want to look better when younger than you ever dreamed you could again. Carl Chuck Alfieri does no obligation. He'll bring your ass in there. Sit you down and he'll show you just how much better and younger you can look. And you got the 30 day guarantee after 30 days if you don't look and feel a hell of a lot better. If you're not in all kinds of action, you get your money back. You got nothing loose but that shiny ugly balls but that makes you look so old. And speaking of so old, be sure to mention my name. Mitch and he'll ride you when you call. Get an extra 2 and a box off the already low price. Charles Alfieri a great place to get your hair back for the new year. Give yourself a gift. 1-800-3-2-1-24-13-2-3 number to call 1-800-3-2-1-24-13 or log on to Charlie's website at Charlesoffiori.com. Actually, Trace Bradford would say Charles Alfieri but he ain't here today. I'm riding low. This is for 20 or 5 seconds. Can we? Yeah. This is a hell of a... I've got a driving volume. I'm going to go in to the court. I'm feeling it. I'm feeling it. I'm feeling it. I'm feeling it. I'm feeling it. I'm feeling it. I'm feeling it. I'm feeling it. I'm feeling it. I'm feeling it. I'm feeling it. I'm feeling it. I'm feeling it. I'm feeling it. I'm feeling it. I'm feeling it. I'm feeling it. I'm feeling it. I'm feeling it. I'm feeling it. I'm feeling it. I'm feeling it. I'm feeling it. I'm feeling it. I'm feeling it. I'm feeling it. I'm feeling it. I'm feeling it. I'm feeling it. I'm feeling it. I'm feeling it. I am feeling it. You've seen that feeling I'm feeling it. I'm feeling it. I'm feeling it. I'm feeling it. I'm feeling it myself. I'm feeling it. I'm feeling it. I'm feeling it. I'm feeling it. I'm feeling it. I'm feeling it. I'm feeling it. I'm feeling it. I'm feeling it. I'm a little bit of a little bit of a turn on any show. My feet and my money to fill in the case. Two journalists and two soldiers entered in Grinney to attack me of Baghdad. One of the journalists was Michael Weissko, a time magazine. He's in satisfactory condition. He's going to be okay. You know Michael Weissko from the line? No. You don't? No. Good writer. Time magazine, injured. Grinney to attack in Baghdad. While I'm glad that they found time and are busy a day to have Wolf's bloodscree gone here. Think pencil on the news. Because generally speaking we have fluff and you know, weddings from the bachelor and a bachelor right all of his cockarise they say in Yugoslavia. Have you mentioned how ugly she is yet? How ugly how how ugly he is. Oh, I don't know what he looks like. Oh man. You know what he looks like? What I dropped into bulls last night for hours. That's what he looks like. Crap. Europe's foreign affairs chief adding his voice today to criticism of Washington called he was decision to bar opponents of the way in Iraq from reconstruction contracts. Gratudus and unhelpful when unity is needed. UN Secretary General Kofi and an echoed that team telling reporters in Berlin the decision was unfortunate and not unifying at a time when diplomats were seeking to rebuild international consensus on Iraq. President Bush responds that countries would send troops to Russia be entitled to share in the exchange of the country. And the country is a little bit more than a million dollars in American finance. We're construction projects. While other nations are shut out. But Bush's policy effectively excludes Russia, France, Germany and Canada as well as many others. But the president said he still hope those countries would agree to forgive Iraq's crushing dead burden. There you go. Please help us out. We're going to stick our foot up your ass. But please help us out. Will you? Right. Speaking of, oh and look at this, you're right. David Miami. How could I forget Hurricane Andrew? And of course probably most of those people have moved away too. But that needs to be on air. Okay. I'm out of touch David, you're right. I'm too moved to the base of the Army. I'm out of a weekend because I moved to Kaven 1. They moved to Paibero Paiets. Hurricane Andrew belongs under certainly on our poll today of the past of the years. The most significant news event. Here's one not quite a significant but we talked about it before. A defensive turning asked for a probation today for that preacher and his brother convicted of beating boy with a tree branch for goofing off at a summer program. And that's true from the other day. Yes, I do. Seeking the lightest sentence possible from the jury. Attorney Carlos Garcia argued that 23 year old twins Joshua and Caleb Thompson deserve a second chance. Prosecutors haven't said what sentence they'll seek. Possible punishments range up to life in prison. A little bit over the top. The Thompson's were found guilty Wednesday of felony injury and aggravated assault in the beating of 11 year old Bible student Louis Guerrero last summer. Prosecutors said Guerrero was so badly injured that he spent a week in intensive care and needed a blood transfusion. Guerrero now 12 flashed a big smile when he walked out of court with his family Wednesday. Several church members left in tears. The boys mother Norma Aralayan. Though a said she knew brothers of he found guilty. It hurts me very much with the my sons. He said the brothers father Hank Thompson who used to play for the Giants third base. These the fundamentalist capital city Baptist church were Joshua Thompson. Minister to Spanish speaking members. During closing arguments went through the Thompson attorneys described them as cookie cutter all American men who didn't intend to inflict serious injuries. Prosecutors Beth Tae and called the Thompson brothers, Cowards and bullies and said the beating was a cool calculated violent act against state defenseless little boy. Nice going Beth you go Beth. And Beth still got a hold of a shirt and baby by the way. Insurance of our way to go off the edge of the cliff. Don't do it, Sheridan. Please. Now how's that the 9 11 doing on the pool just out of spite for you? Look at that. You're ready to force place for 32. Got a long way to go. You might be right. It'll come in second. No, I will give you my reasons. What news event of the past 50 years had the most significance to you. I'll just read the top five. George W. Bush deals the 2000 election 198. JFK assassination 87. Vietnam war 46 9 11 32. Collector the Soviet Union 26. Those are the top five. And I'm 11 is come out of nowhere. Me just it's an old brainer. If it doesn't come out on top there's something desperately wrong. No, this crowd. You for your probably already talked to Aaron put the fix in. That's right. W to Q a and hello. Find a call. W to Q a and hello. Yeah, it was for me. 5 670 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Oh, this one's for me. This is my favorite line. Line 9 Q a and hello. I hate cigarettes. Oh, great. Dump it. Brilliant. Is that good? Oh. Anderson more content. That was him again. That was the breather. Very. I'm telling you right now. That's Eddie. No doubt. This is his new deal. Okay, because there's nobody anywhere crazy enough is Eddie. Eddie. That's him. You're in. W to Q a and hello. Yes. The way I got the. Yeah, we know what she's got. In fact, she's probably got some disease. They haven't discovered yet. I think that was Eddie was that any. I think that was Troy doing a voice. 5 670 560 pound 560 on the AT&T or maybe it was. We'll. We'll. We'll work faster. Relations to Bud Foster by the way. Sorry, but. W to Q a and hello. Yeah. How you doing today? Pretty good sir. All right. Yeah. I'm just calling. I moved up to see bring quarter, which was a really a bad mistake. Terrible mistake. I know, but hey, when when I'm poppy is cheap. I do. I do. I can't catch you. Show. Don't. And that's about it. And just to say, hey, you're. Fresh. I'm going to what's up here. Amen. Well, I'm. We're. We're. We're. We're. We're. I'm not. Bye. Good luck. He moved to see bring Florida. Boy, it's one of a few places you can move through from. We're going to be like. Uh, wish you would never love to. Right. Seabring. Have we been there? Oh, sure. I've been through there real fast. Right. Exactly. Got to take it because it's not. Yeah. Is that one of the places you go through if you go like to Tampa on 27. Jeff, like, uh, what are some of the other little towns you go through? About. No, no, no. I love when you go West alligator alley. Okay. You're you're confused, man. Macley's not on 27. A mockley is down there on the other about what else is up there. No, don't. Don't eat. It's over on a West coast. It's by sorry soda man and Brandon. That's the name of the. You have a place to take a Monday. It's a good thing that you spend most of your time in North Carolina in Montana because you sure don't know your Florida geography man. No, I stay out there. You probably even spent no time in two egg. Yeah. You ever been to there? No. Stop like. No, no, seriously. There's a stoplight. It's even smaller than Pahoki. Two egg. Yeah. Panama City intersection. Anyway, you're in your three year thrombie off because you don't know the answer to the question. All the great little towns where the house a map. You got a map somewhere. Yeah, do on the internet. Go flow or die. You get a Florida map and then when we come back, I want to check out some of them a little town. No, because because you go through, you have to slow down through some of them towns. They got like a wind these in the McDonald's and they'll have like a very queen. Right. That's clear. Because you're talking about like when you go on the alley to go West. Like if you're going over to Fort Myers and Naples, go up. And then you get them immaculate and what's the other one? There's some other where you get on the US 20 62 and take that strawberry shortcut. You're going to get around man. How about that SUV this weekend is you're going to Georgia's going to be off next week. I know that great city about swan is hard a lot. But I'm going to be out of the swamp. Are you going to be gone? No, no. I won't be going into the swamp, which is where those places are. Why is she like seabree? No, actually, Georgia's going to be touring the state of Florida in this SUV. Without the rest of the families just taking off. He's been like, you know, a family weight life. Think about things. You just don't all the great places you've missed all the little times. And Pat, oh, Avan. Avan calling. One of the places Avan and they got a restaurant. They were German restaurant in Avan. I bet you're so many decided so that I'm talking about. Maybe it's still out there. But it was in a hit like a buffet. They had like a German buffet once upon a time. And it was pretty good. Are you sure? But in Avan right up there by the old lake. 1242 at 5.60. If anybody QM have you ever tasted one of those meal replacements? Oh, man. Check out how much sugar they have and how much they'll make you like sit on that pot. Now there's a great product that tastes great as sugar free. I sure wish I had some here. They sent a whole bunch of it for me. But unfortunately, the wrong place. They sent it right there to you. And to rest time by the kids. Truly the best tasting meal replacement drink ever formulated for people with diabetes and for people who are looking for a reduced sugar intake. Pat Slob's like me. It's sweetened with splendor brand sucralose. So there's no nasty aftertaste like a year with a drink that you saccharine or aspirate and an indirect diabetic is complete a balanced nutritional supplement that provides fiber and the oxygen slides the low insaturated fat and cholesterol. And it's also gluten free lactose free and it won't make you spend one extra minute on the old pie. An 8 ounce can provides 237 calories of deliciously healthy nutrition that's internationally recommended by doctors and dietitians. So don't sacrifice proper nutrition when you're short on time. Try an erect diabetic once you'll never go back to what ever used before. The makers of an erect diabetic are so sure you're going to love it. They're giving away free samples just for the asking. Go to their website at www.enterrexdiabedict.com. That's ENTER Enter diabetic. What I say? Interrex ENTER ESdiabedict.com. All in word. Or call them 1-866-3683739. Until that old diabetic kneels sent you for the delicious one, ENT-E-R-E-X Let's Oh, Thanks To The News, The White Rzig said With Now spent Tokyo's April, 2013, It holds me so tight like handcuffs at night Walk around in the woods underway In the office there's a guy named Melvin He pretends that I am a peeperine Just say how you behave will save Whoa man, just listen until the work is out of town Later on in the world, we can pray Slight my daughter, but I'm so high-shaped I join the parade, walking around in waves underwear Lights to clean the woods, and said Give that permission Where it holds, still panty holds Walk around in waves underwear Walk around in waves underwear Rock walking around in waves underwear Walk around in waves underwear Clock 48 or 5, 6, do W3, one of the things I despise I love the internet, don't give me wrong one of things I hate about it I don't want to buy a map, I just want to see one If you want to print out a calendar for the next year You know, it's like only a fall, but you want to see a calendar for the next year Where to buy next year's calendar And eventually you can find one, well I don't have time to dig around You got one? Yeah, who maps, which is where you should always go Oh, yeah, I got it Avon Park Lake, Wales, more Haven Lake, Place, Belgrade, which is not actually on in 27, but it's right there Clueiston, there you go Being city, I'm on, I've never seen anything right I'm going up 27 with my government being city I'm following the road, being city, I'm looking at it right now South of the lake Being city, Oki Lanza Give out a hair I'm sure these are just like gas stations with post offices in it Lake Harbor See these are the moon places I have These must be placed on like even a stop sign Where station where stop light, well it's just like, you know, like a little Or a little bit, a little blip on a map, or like four five miles Avon Park, man, that's where it's at, there's a, I'm telling you There's a place called German, right now, why would you think it'd be a German restaurant, Avon Park? Philadelphia, there's a place called Hooker Point Oh, that's for you, right South of the lake, no, not my bag I don't buy it And there's a place they can name it for screw-in, what's the point? Sugarton, Shawty, never heard of it Okay, that's enough Here's the fact that I had to vote for the JFK Association It's the most significant, I want to homity the other list of events Whatever occurred had the assassination not happened Or the culprits caught in fried Seems like half of those listed 12, five, good point Excellent point Speaking of aneptitude Trying to cut down on clutter, clerks that are federal Courthouse accidentally destroyed search warrants In a case that university is south-floated Professor charged with aiding terrorists The mistake was discovered last week when attorneys for Samuel, Orion, Orion requested copies Documents contained affidated from federal agencies Supported 1995 searches of L. Orion's home And offices were wronged thousands of documents Shredded sometime between 1998 and 2002 US District Judge Thomas McCool told a fence In the case of attorneys, Linda Marrano and William Mopper The United States federal prosecutors and FBI The search filed for their copies Mopper said Tuesday he's researching how the absence of Original documents could affect the case US attorney Paul Peressa, the document destruction should not affect The office's ability to prosecute Ready for that? Oh, while we don't have that documents We can find a copy somewhere Most disgusting story, one of many way And then I saw their pictures on TV this month And I was just saying about it, of course, because that would be bad But it sure brings back memories of that scumbag Bitch Susan Smith and South Carolina her Clinton Illinois A woman or boyfriend were charged with first of Emerdry yesterday in the deaths of her three children Who drowned when their car plunged into a lake in September And what initially looked like a tragic accident Do you what county sheriff Roger Massey said authorities know what The motive was, but wouldn't provide details Do we know what the details are? No, by saw report on the news And what they saying? That these asshole stood around and jumping up and down like Like they couldn't get to their kids even though they were only in four feet of water And just let them drown But that doesn't have the motive No, no, that The sheriff would also not say what the two did to make the car slide off A boat rampicment lake killing the six year old a three year old On top of her inside of them to say the car went in head first Which is like they should both be forced to go head first Like in the lake Michigan would be good Maurice Lagron Jr and Amanda Hamm were each charged with nine counts of first to be murder Massey said the girl was arrested Tuesday and the motel to the single was their port Hamm was arrested in Bloomington The two suspects were on the lake shore September 2nd when rescuers arrived at the scene Hamm cried hysterically as rescuers tried to free the children Massey had first said that this would be investigators in action With the two weeks he's there calling them the incident Lagron initially would charge with the UI the charge was dropped last month Massey said Wednesday investigators don't believe drugs or booze were a factor Clinton's a town of 7500 about 140 miles southwest of Chicago Susan Smith part two holding this case two scumbags involved in And we do we have to have a debate about them this reminds me of the lead boyed Malvo all over again Oh, he was insane. He'd know right our difference between right and wrong bull crab Fry his ass right now Let's see here's what it says are you thinking of Shelley Suzanne It's just worth a big one parking lake wheels first time I asked directions while traveling up highway 27 I was told by the owner of the citrus candies door to go slap you done the pass the blanket Let me look for the sign that you're not highway right past slag slag 2 done the I always slap through done the No, I tried to slap it so there go. I don't think that's the name of Shelley Suzanne that don't sound like two German to me But I mean, yeah, I mean, this is a long time ago a cool zag you go. So probably it's been a hundred different things since then Kary asked FEC to block the NRA channel always like that John Kerry a little bit not too much a little bit Democratic presidential hopeful John Kerry doesn't want to tune in a national rifle association channel anytime soon The Massachusetts senator sent FEC chair will may 11 L and Y and travel out of Tuesday asking the commission to block any attempt by the NRA to get a media exemption to campaign finance rules The gunwrites lobby is considering acquiring a TV or radio outlet and seeking the same exemption from campaign finance rules that news organizations have If the group on a media exemption will be free to say whatever it held wanted about candidates at any time and spend unlimited amounts doing so We urge you to prevent the NRA from hijacking America's airwaves with the gun lobbies money carries letters said if the NRA has something to say it can play by the rules Just like the millions of people in America who do every day The NRA financed in part with corporate money is banned by the campaign finance law for money ads identifying Fittible candidates close to election in states where they're on a ballot it contends the rules Finally free speech rights and his month several group says using Supreme Court to strike them down God forbid that's all we need man Jesus Christ five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T Verizon world is not without even looking I bet you nine 11 and third place already it is News of end of the past fifty years that had the most significant steel George W. Bush deals the 2000 election 2012 JFK assassination 93 nine eleven fifty two. It's got a long way to go. It'll get there Warren Vietnam 49 collapse of a sub Union 29 and look what's right after that let it out John and a murder 19 for the murder John and 19 for the a child to explode I mean John Lundon's murder was that that significant to us to me. Oh I mean what was wasn't a happy day No, but just imagine Todd Dreck being in that spot 1256 at five sixty WQ I'm at said most wonderful time of the year. That's what Jimmy Stewart always said they show me yet they will I don't know probably At any rate it's wonderful for a lot of people all and gifts and everything all the parties and getting together with a family But a lot of people hate the crowded malls they hate the long wedges your lines the crazy parking Hassels and of course all the traffic to so make your gift giving a little bit easier this year for you and your loved ones They give to to get from dollar mattress call them now toll free at 1 800 Mappers and give the gift of you taking you four year in and you're out and night in and night out to dollar My Chris is about gifts to the gets in any denomination of brand new bed for the master bedroom makes a perfect gift. They'll both enjoy for years It dial a mattress no phony promises no bait and swish just great unbeatable discount presses every day on the brand names You know trust and love now including Stearns and Foster The automatically Chris has got the guarantee low as presses on Stearns and Foster he would when you called out a mattress at 1 800 Macris you picked the day in time for delivery any to our window seven days week from eight in the morning till ten night When's convenient for you and they show up even a beast is on a bad wagon now. He recently got a great mattress King Coral I think it was from dollar mattress and he's a happy camper still fat as a pig on a sales practice is fantastic service Every day low prices same day delivery and free setup and we'll all make it so civil to see by dollar mattress is ranked number of own own customers satisfaction So to the smart thing right now called dollar mattress you'll be sleeping like a baby in no time at all call 1 800 macros 1 800 m a t t r e s or you'll find them online at macris.com happy holidays from our dear friends at dial a macris My my my my little this is for trivial high-citches You ain't not just the one to two hour it's a phenomenon After years of failed attempted mergers with cable news channels Disney owned ABC has decided to launch their own 24 hour news channel Here's what it may sound like Good evening this is almost reporting from Orlando our top story this evening nine people were injured when they fell off the And it's something else In other news 4,000 people experience explosive diarrhea involving while disembarking the Whoop Better go over to sports here's the thing Gosh, wait my god, but my two okay, then good job there Rayman What's the national weather picture standing by and me ABC weather center here is uncle with us Back together boss Do the weather tell you vacation most I don't want to do any weather don't answer Sorry, I'm sorry we don't have time we interrupt this weather report to take you live Why rock and special course for the Donald Duck Donald's can you hear me I Can you do it? I think I'm having some problems with the satellite can you be more clear I'm not getting the Donald No, no, no, don't have your front Oh, my duck is going on I can't understand the word he's saying Anyway, you are more weather ball going hand here we up There's a storm coming in Orlando it looks like the weekend him shot the weekend in Shut up Well, have more news after this Oh, thank you, lord man, I say I got some good news. I'm trying to be a good day What? And if you wouldn't have said, what the hell was that? I never would have realized it. Okay. Oh, low. Huh? What you talking about? I'm talking about something I wouldn't have played in just one second as soon as it accused of that. I thought I had lost forever and I was really pissed off that you know what it is. All right. It's a good day. Oh, right. Thanks a lot. Thanks. Good. If I look lost this, I'd have had a retired. I found out. Can't believe a language I hear home to you, Reeve. Every other word is a mercenary. And used to be that cable was a horror on earth. But now the networks let their antiscurrence. There's a way that decides to visit Santa Fe. All the dialogue and things, profal of tea. Where we like a sailor on a pre-name cast. Words are whole of words that ask. Welcome. If my man's bomb call will it be. Before they drop the F on the vertigee. If my man's bomb there's no tail and wham. They'll drop one of the U.T.L. All right. Thank the Lord. I found that. Now, I guess they didn't have an F bomb on a sage bomb on that billboard music troll last night. We didn't see it. Neither. You see it, John? No, I didn't get the chance. Not of us saw it. What do we mean? Didn't get the chance. You don't want to see that crap. Why don't you just say it's how well I could have done it. I think it's a chance. Go panter these clowns out there. These lifeless idiots who watch some crap like that just because it's on TV. Right. That's right. It's on TV. So you've got to watch it. Who wants to see a bunch of garbage like that with our Kelly and all the other pedophiles get on them awards. Screw him. Screw him in a goddamn moment. Motorcycling road and on. Jack asked. So anyway, there was evidently a big contract with Tomson. There we had a spy report on that and we didn't see it. Now, how come the same people there were so pissed off had Bono? What, what network was that on last night? Where was it on? Do we know? But you know. No idea. That. Box that thought? Oh, and so. Oh, that's right. It was on channel 7. It was on Fox. Now we know why the same people are after Bono for doing the F bomb. Now we know why they're not going to go after. Because it was on Fox. And Fox sounds like. Shlocks. Yeah. Rocks, socks, faggles and locks. Knocks. School hard knocks. Your mother socks. Wally Cox. 560560 pound. 560 chicken pots. 560. What is it? 560 pound. 560 on the 18 team for us. We're almost like. I don't think we got any more choices for this pool here. But that's okay. Now are we out of a, it'd be a call or should I? Would be bad. Come on. WQ AM. We get it. We have underwell theory. Excellent. David Samson calling. Nice going David. Maybe you best. We're off to a good hour. That was beautiful. Good. If you case you couldn't hear him. We did it. Sett again. We did it. We did it. We did it. That was him. I know what was him. By the way, here we're at those day van boring things on your spots. Where do you place? You never go to put anybody in the seats with that. And speak to anybody in the seats. We still. And we had one person called in who was at the ruins. Panther game last night with an honest analization of how many asses were in the seats. Even though it was for free tickets per person. Crap. To try to impress Gary Bettman. You think he was impressed? No. No. And like I said before, it was a sarcastic piece about that in the Toronto Sun yesterday. Isn't who to how are you people kidn't huh? I think they're like 24 through 25th and attendance in the entirely. And I don't play anybody for not going. I mean, they've got a tie, but in the last six games, they're 03 and 03. And the reason that Rick Dudley is still the coach. In fact, two days ago, oh, Rick Dudley says he might stay on his coach. And you want to know why? Because they don't want to spend money bringing Larry Robinson or like a real coach. So it's strictly low ball. That's what you're going to get to low rent. This drink because they're crying poor mouth, man. And even though they were at the Brow County Commission approved the refinancing of the macaroon. They're still going to try to like, you know, cuck here, cuck there. And then they'll they'll hope for the best hope for a salary. Get there all printing water now until the lack of next season. And then I hope the thickness still survive. Hey, by the way, the beast just called. He was at the game and said there's no more than about 12,000. Okay, well, that's exactly what I said before. Because I saw some of it on TV. I got a pretty good idea because I've been in a renaissance day one. Thank you, beast. By the way, you're still a fan slum. But I'm sure he's enjoying his great new bed. He said he'd like to do screw-in on that great new King coil. True. Oh, but you got a long line of funny, a beast. Perfect. Your line up at the door. True. He's in a renaissance day. I think all those homeless voice people are out there waiting. And she'd take them all on. Whenever he's something if she could take on the entire dolphin team after they lose to the Eagles one day night. And then trying like booster spurts up a little bit. So maybe 12,000 people there were it was the paper. I got it. What does it say? It said 17 something. Okay. And I know we knew it was going to be a bogus number. Because they were gooseen that up 17,465. If there were 17,465 people in there, then Bernie Cousars are rocket scientists. Okay. Oh, we bought the Panthers. I'll never forget that day. You were there that day, right? Oh, yeah, sure. When he opened it or went, Tee he. Like a little girl. Tee he. We bought the Panthers. Tee he. And he's he's greeted me in a hallway there like my long lost best friend. I never bet I mean, I know what he looks like because God who could miss a face like that. But I never saw the guy before my life in person. And he's shaken my hand and squeezing it out in a hallway like I'm his long lost best buddy. Because him and Alan Cohen just bought the Panthers. He's the face man. I got news for it. Now he's the spaceman. Not the face man because they shot his ass right at our space right to your reenus. He's long gone. And he's probably happy about it. Who now wants to be the face man for an organization like that that's trying to like pull a fast When they're last night with about 10 or 12,000 people in there. Oh, we got 17,465. Hey, Mr. Commissioner, you impressed? No. Anybody buy in it? No. Does anybody read it here? No. WQM. Well, I'm working. Hello. QM. Go on. Yes sir. Who's that woman in the witch's outfit on your website? That's your way, man. Hi, sir. Oh. Oh. Oh. I'm glad he mentioned that though because if anybody wants to see who we're talking about, there's another reason to go to our website. This is a little Halloween, you though. In fact, she prefers a Halloween. To a point. It was the picture of her right under that. In fact, when you finish with the weapons and mass destruction countdown, and I think it's kind of appropriate to. There she is with her big pointy hat, the wicked witch of the south. But I'd big crucifix around her neck there to try to keep away the vampires from biting her. It says it may be Halloween, but this is not a costume. That's for damn sure. Witch rhymes with bitch. In fact, if you look behind her on that picture on the wall, that's her studio on the wall. You see the picture of the QM sales department. What's left of it? And you just barely see Adam. Who's a really good guy. He's one of the few good people we ever had in the sales. Good guy. Can't sell with the crap. He's a good guy. And then you see Frank, the virally departed. Is that Frank in the middle there? Frank's in the middle. How come he's not next to out? Old picture. Frank's next out on our wall map here. I'm looking at your wall map. Scrunch. Sprint your eyes. Squint. What are you talking about? I'm looking at the wall map. He's not next to out. And fat boy. Jeff high aka fat boy's neighbor keeps calling us every day. Dave, we're going to get you Dave. You asshole. Dave Friedman. And then there's screw-in. Standard with her. Striped shirt. Just kind of the same structure. We're in prison and believe me. She belongs there. Oh, for worse. Did you probably have a good time in there? She wants to go to the men's prison. Draw. By the way, if anybody wants to get a whole of Troy's Bradford today, he will not be in the day. QAM. And we didn't get a memo that said don't talk about it. Unlike the previous suspension a week or two ago, right? Correct. We're not talking about it. Okay. Troy's Bradford a lot. Troy's a good guy. Well, what? To it. I saw maybe I had a few too many. I don't know if the deal is. We're not going to discuss it on here. Well, until we get a memo, this is go ahead. Troy. Because I don't want to get suspended right before my vacation. All quite frankly, it would be a good idea to cut like kind of extend my vacation a little bit. Bill and for a lot of the day, all the one who doesn't hate George says there's no way you're thinking about Shelley Suzanne. Although it does have a bit of a very in appearance. It's very upscale restaurant. Golden spoon. Mobile award winner. Best restaurants in America list with incredible cuisine. And very attentive service. Maybe that is the place. They're located in Lake Wales. No, this was not in Lake Wales. Suffice it to say there ain't no buffet. Now this was an Avon Park Bill. Avon Park. Somebody must know. So thanks to the beast who gives us the real story. There, the emmises, opposed to all the lies, the bull crab, all these phony attendance numbers. Not just from the panthers, but the interleague. Every organization phoning up the numbers is if it's going to make a difference. It doesn't bring in a dime. You could say that it was 80,000 people. Is it bringing a dime? No. No. Nothing. A shackle nothing. So, quote it a bull crab. And, by the way, nothing I'm at. What the hell is all the obsession with hockey anyway, you know what? Watch it. Okay, calm down. Lisa, Minnesota night. Any interest? No. Okay, here's the deal. Till two o'clock this hour. Scott is in the, I wasn't asking you. You're such a sour push anyway. I'm just talking in general among the hockey fans out there. Lisa, Minnesota is the credit or a certain other winning streak. No, it's just panthers host Montreal. When that game was it on a tomorrow? Saturday? It couldn't be tomorrow. They don't play on Friday ever. Scott, it'd be on Saturday in it. Let me take a peek. It's like Friday. It's like Friday. They always play on a Friday, December 12th. Canadians had to panthers tomorrow night. There would be about 10,000 for that to be a few frogs. Well, I sure noticed when the Bruins tied to game there and I sure had to go. It sounded like 80% of those 12,000 people were Bruins fans. Oh, no. One of the beast was there last night. Well, I slower one. My slow. Yes, I am. It's because you're fat. I'm slow and fat. Like the beast. Speaking of a cube-back and a frogs and whatnot. Tony Kubak? Finally saw a frog tag yesterday. Yeah, one. One. That's one too many. And I guarantee one thing if they're from Quebec. They're ugly. Okay, we got to report from Scott who's out there in a QMP. I'm sure we do, Josh. Don't we? Yeah, but only 20 bucks for. Ah! 20 bucks! Maybe if it started raining. Yeah, maybe if it starts raining. Get them out of the shopping malls. 45,665. It's not even worth the gas money for the 20 bucks for the van out there. Yeah, the worst part is they gave them 17 and he threw in three. Oh. A slipper like him out of throw in three bucks. Reimbursed and George, you can. Oh, yeah, well. Scott will be there. It'll two o'clock in the weekend. We got another hour to go on 20 bucks. It's not what it. And that's not going to get the job done folks. He's at the Shell gas station on Sheridan Street just west of 95. Just keep in mind, passions and Sheridan, the lovely Sheridan that lets you know where it is. And then the QMP and later today 4-6 will be at the 7-11 at 45-51. David Boulevard just know the Griffin Road. Spend the deal for prizes. The yellow sloppy in a face if he's there wise enough about that stupid deal. And those crappy prizes. And then, 79 and I Josh Cortos will be a Tony Romans for Hurricane Hotline. Love the road in US-1 and Kroll Gables. That is not Kroll Gables. Who wrote this? Hmm. Scott Kroll Gables. It's South Miami. I know because guess who used to work at Ludlam Road in US-1. Which is the Dixie Highway, by the way. You'd say South Miami. Right. That's for WNWS used to be. I want to school at South Miami. That's South Miami. South Miami. You write up the road from, what's the, uh, rib place? Shorties? Shorties? Shorties? Right out from shorties. And that's the reason they built a metro rail server by the GDT. Shorties. All the politicians. So anyway, Josh will be there tonight, 79. And of course we'll have all of our best in the American S. You can bring your toys for Joe Mars Toy Drive. And we got to get some action going on this hour at that QAM van Wood Scott around going to be really pissed off. That's 20 bucks again. That's a really spiffy, uh, shell station, by the way. Right. That's a good location. It's right by the interstate. There's about 10 people. It's being English and Hollywood that are left. You can hop off and write back on the highway there. You can stop by and see our old friends at the Cox Broadcasting. Their building is right down to Hershey Highway there on the street on that side road. But that's what that doctor sent me that time down the end of the road. Twenty right that. So that low rent district, uh, Indigent clinic to give my blood test number. Twenty then yes. Yeah. Yeah. That was my mother. His doctor or his assistant doctor who just came in off the banana boat. No speaker in glaze. Yeah. He thought I was a deadbie. The freak clinic. So he sent me down to the freak deadbeat clinic there. And I said, I don't think so. I think I'm leaving here now. 114 at 5. 60 WQAM. One big good thing about you to write spot. Yeah. What the problem is I'm not trying to get ahead of myself. Well, start. No, I can't. I can't because I don't have the right copy out here. I've got, I've got, I've got, what I got is I got spots piled up in front of me. What I usually do when it comes time for the break. I'll take this spot and I'll put it in front of me. Yeah. Sponsored before you're eyes. But I have the whole hour spots. Not that I'm going to hurry to get this over. You do understand folks. Not that we want to get there. A lot of here and just go home. I am home. Right. 115 already at 5.60 QM. Here's some big news for you. Halle. Pottie at GMC is now auto city party at GMC of Pinecrest. Expect the same great deal deals and customer satisfaction request them to when it used to be Halle. Of course, we're 100 years. Right now it auto city of Pinecrest. It's the end of the year. Climbing. Climbing. 2000 and 3000 stock. Take advantage of 0% financing for the 72 months or save up to 9 grand with rebates and incentives. Which should all you lease customers ask auto city of Pinecrest about their lease pull ahead early termination program when it does pull it out. There's even more great deal deals have the new auto city party at GMC of Pinecrest. For a limited time, just sign and drive home. Your brand new GMC Sierra with absolutely positively. Absolutely. No money down. It's the brand new auto city party at GMC of Pinecrest and you'll find it. 134.1 South Tixie Highway. That's US when across from the falls open every day. If you want more info on the special deals, call that Neil Rogers Neil Deal hotline tool free. And one tri bel 8 534 42 11. That's one tri bel 8 534 42 11 keep in mind. All offers sub to credit. The proposal to folks at auto city party at port details. The brand new and exciting and thrilling auto city party at GMC of Pinecrest. Who give you low prices without any high pressure. My. And local. This is for trail by city. You. You. Yeah. It's the wonderful world of science with Professor Mo. Hello there boys and girls. Today we're going to line about an invisible sub to incident. And it's not that the door flows and juices. They're not the worry about it. As a matter of fact, did it. It's right. That's right boys and girls. It's a noble guest named Furr and Ray Noble and his orchestra. Now who are Kevin straightaway? I get low. Why? Tell me what a surprise. Uh. Pray tell. What brings you here? I want to lean about. It's a noble gashimal on. Now he holds this to. That one in my pants. No. No. It's not going to happen. You're going to my home. Thank you. You're going to. That's. That's. You're going to. That's. You're going to. I got out of here. You little fish in before. I got something for you. What do you got there? The potatoes. But what? You can make a battery out of a potato. A battery out of a potato. Yeah. I pulled on your ticket. No. No. Don't worry. I think I'm some kind of a roe. My. And you can start. All right. There. Now what are your. What. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. Twenty past one at five sixty. Come here. Now we're. We got these people all whipped up about Shelley. So's. Apparently. Because it says here's the site. They got their own website. Shelley. Suzanne dot com has to be the restaurant. He was talking about says the fact. There ain't nothing else up there. Slap. You. I don't think so. I think this was in that. Well, it's a long time ago. I mean, the odds of anything still be an error. I'm like, including people. It was not in Lake Wales. It was an avon park. I'll bet your life on it. Okay. And it was kind of like a. But very in village. One of those kind of places like. But not that. But similar. I'm. I'm telling you right now. Okay. I believe you. Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on the AT and team. Verizon wireless. I got a great article. I'm going to read. Very short. And then by Angie. Who? She's the state coordinator for Wisconsin and the state international. Protection of human rights should be high sturdy. It's a good article. But I want to take a lot of good calls first. You'll see. I like the new format a lot. And of course we're finding it. But I like the fact. And of course Josh likes it because you don't have to answer the phones and talk to the assholes. But he looked out. Well, no. It's good because I mean, you've got to be paid. You've got to be paid a lot of money to talk to assholes every day. And I'm paid a lot of money. So I don't mind talking to assholes for a. If I go people ask me what I do for the thing. I said I talked to assholes for four hours every day. So that sounds interesting. I kind of said no, but the money's good. Well, look at that tuna concerns. And I got that right on here in my pile. I got piles of tuna, man. Don't need it. Federal warning on tuna plan. I just mentioned that. We make them say, having a chicken tuna salad. Let's try and see the salinity more. And spitting it right out. Nothing safe to even. Especially I just threw out those actin bars. Three blocks. Yeah. I just did. I should have launched. I could do a lot of the garbage bag. But I won't. I just don't know how good they were. I'd rather go get a Snickers bar. Okay. So it's got some calories and carbs in it, but they're not going to kill me. At least it's not going to make me crap my brains out for hours. Dr. Rackens, I hope you're spinning your grave like a Dravelin. Honika time. Okay. Shame on your people. WQA and hello. But tell me all this about tower. Isn't Lake Wills. What is it called? It's called a box tower. Beos. Box tower. And did you remember yesterday, right? Yeah. It's a village. I think with a big tower. Okay. That's a lot, pal. Good luck. Box tower. It's in Lake Wills. I don't know. Like I said, it's a long time ago, but I don't think so. Well Lake Wills is one of them little towns. Probably right side by each by Avon Park, right? I guess. I get that map back out. Who do you want to drive on? You wish 27 anyway. You've got to be crazy to drive on that thing. You've got to be nuts. I wouldn't have gone both. We were going to a funeral. Oh. I got me out of a ticket though. That more hit. The fact you were going to a funeral? Yeah. Because if you're speeding through more Haven. You're going to be going to a funeral. It's a lot better. If you're going to be going to a funeral. It was more Howard Davidson. They're probably giving you a few bucks. WCWM. The famous line nine. Hello. Yeah. A pretty big a fly. The check in the mail block is beautiful. I only put the hat. Okay. WCWM. Hello. WCWM. WCWM. WCWM. Only once. No. No. No. They burned Dave. What's his name again? Fievement. WCWM. Hello. Yeah. I was in Lake Wales. Not Avaun Park. I'm a cigar. Yeah. Believe you, I know. But I don't think that was the restaurant. Yes. Of course. That is the one. Yes. I told you it was in Lake Wales. It is Lake Wales. That's what I said. Thanks a lot. Okay. Bye bye. Bye bye. It was I told you Lake Wales. And you're saying, no. I've been here for a while. You can't say that. I've been here for a while. I've been here for a while. About third man. Lake Wales, baby. Who cares about them? Horsen buggy, flunky places, man. Lake Wales. What kind of a person lives in Lake Wales, huh? Oh, you know the answer to that word. No, I was serious. Like, what kind of a person lives in Canada, when New York? Ew, girl. You know, not Canada, they will, baby. It's an A. Okay. By the way, I'm getting some bad reports about Rochester. I don't think I'm going back. Have you ever heard of that? Like what? Like it's getting a lot like Detroit. You know what I mean? No. Like even at noon, it's dark outside. You might say, 7.05.60. Don't say that at an Akai line line. I'll call back again. W to Q. W to Q A, and not there. Q A, and hello. Hey. Where you going? Yes, sir. How do you know prejudice, too? You know what? Our Kelly's a best. What do you say? What is the best? Our Kelly's a best. You put down our Kelly's better than you. Our Kelly. What the hell are you talking about? You jackass. Our Kelly's the best. And by the way, quit talking with your mouthful. Okay. He's probably got something from our Kelly in his post. And by the way, you call that a penis? 560. 560. 560. 560 on a AT&T. And Verizon. And this is great. This is now like a new gathering place for all the malcontents. We had a lot on it for a long time. But now we got it totally so now. We just expanded. Right. We're branching out, baby. We're spreading our wings in our leg. Right. Airbeam, miss it. Airbeam, Malchooian. Especially at this time here because the living and breathing people just haven't even either busy doing stuff. Right. You'd think. So now we've got a place for you to come and roost and just spread your, uh, lay your eggs. W W Q A M. Yeah. People are dying over the feeds and you try and you say freaking cats and dogs. W Q A M. Hello. Yeah. They're getting into the n- Speaking. Speaking. Yes sir. How are you doing Neil? I'm doing okay. How are you doing? All right. Good. Listen. All right. Are you going to watch the new Tom Wellington flick? The new one? The new Tom Wellington flick? No. You know, they got from small though. No, I'm not. Why not? I don't care about smallville. No, I'm burning out on that crap. Okay. And he's okay. But enough is enough. Oh, you got tired of it? I'm tired of the whole thing. The stories are just the same thing every week. It's just a different version of the same story every week. Boring. Well, I'm with him. Okay. And just my put off good. 567.0560. Pound 560 on a AT&T line. Here's that pull coming. We're getting there. What news have ended the past 50 years has had the most significance to you. George W. Bush deals the 2000 election to 26. JFK has national nation 98 to 911, which we had in very, very late because George insisted 84. Well, speaking 84, what about runway 84? You're right there? No. That's a good place. Been from my friend Derek will achieve there some time with your whole family. All right. If you look at a nice, you give them like that. If you push your nose out to the side a little bit. Oh, I see. And they give you tons of food. That's a great place. 911's got a 4V at 9152 collapse of the Soviet Union 31. John Lennon and murder 19 also with 19, the Challenger explodes. The Aliens saga 18. Clinton and Pitchman 17. Berlin welcomes down 16. Hurricane Andrew, which was not on their way of apologize. 15. Great. Very old boat lift also got on late 13 to be doing better. Martin Luther King assassination 12. 10 for Elvis Crokes on a crap or 10 for the Internet bubble burst. 10 for Watergate Nixon resigns. 6 for Arnold Schwarzenegger becomes Governor of California. 4 for Princess Dye Dye Dianu, 4 for that. And 3 for the Bobby Kennedy assassination of the 660 to be votes. See, why is it? I don't know what that's all about. Why? So few people feel that was significant because that was like the end. That was the third in the line of 60s assassinations. And that was really during the 60s. That was the end. Yeah. I'm telling you right now. Yeah, but it was the 60s. I see. Well, what about? I'm not going to go into it. There's no reasoning with the hard ass spit. Gwavalovanspick. That's right. 20 and act to one. I'll tell you one thing. You don't have to be a genius to figure out why Brandy is still around 25 years in South Florida because they do it right. Nobody else gives you the kind of great prices on Brand name merchandise and the kind of personal service that you always have been getting from Brandy's, which is why people have shop in there. All the top names in the shoe business they got him rock ports, echo, mafisto, timbre and Clark's SDS floor shop. And no matter what your foot size is, they can handle it for it because they got men size 6 to 15, 15 even Tom won't catch up there. Women's five to 12 and what's from the very narrow to the very wide. And of course, so like I said, they give you personal service to make sure you get a perfect fit each and every time you stick your foot inside their door. Brandy shoes, you'll find them at 12. The New York Federal Highway in Palpatre Beach, open Monday through Saturday 9. The Line Sunday's 10 to 5. All this week, at Brandy's shoes, men's rock port pro walkers, only 48. 90. You can also save up to 57% on other select rock port styles. So be sure and stop in this week at Brandy's, or check them out on their website. Brandysshoes.com, and trust ratfords has had our friends at Brandys Tube, but he ate here today. The Line Sunday's 10 to 5. The Line Sunday's 10 to 5. The Line Sunday's 10 to 5. The Line Sunday's 10 to 5. Let's come along and dream. No, here's the door that makes you from WQA. Right now. Oh, what you, like a very much. As here is the King. I know I haven't been around much for a while, but I want you all to know what up here and rocker roll hit him. I'll be a thinker to be a Christmas. And I could give y'all a special Christmas message. I'll be as a de-piece. Like, how about a little please let the heck on by. Thank you, I don't want. Well, like I will soon. Christmas is a time of hoot, time of joy, but time of love and I sure would love it. Take slice that feature you got there. Okay. What would one? Oh yeah, Christmas. Christmas to me means family. Family means friends. The friends means getting together. And getting together means dating. All passing at the time of day, which is a place. All like it. I remember. Not the thing we'll say to you right now. You know, I may be a big star. Maybe too big. But I know about it so big. You can't reach out to help in the hand. Or would you hand me a help with those mashed potatoes over there? Which is a place like that. Thank you very much. Now like I will find anybody so big he can't stoop to help a friend and do you know what the holiday season? I'll speak to the season. We won't pass me that self-sugar when you get the chance. Okay. Yeah, just so screw the color that's right on the table. Like, I don't know. So this Christmas, why don't y'all take a tip from old Aos? No, no, no. Leave those stick to it. If I'd worry, I don't want to make it. Don't appreciate it, Mikey. I want you to remember for all part of God's great big family. And you know God made man into his own image. And look at the mirror. I'd have to say God must be a big, big, simple girl. You know what I mean? I like it here. But I especially want y'all to remember this one last thing. And y'all that whom was Christmas stringing that popcorn up on the free. So you have a big, big bowl for the candy extra butter. No, no, no, no, no. I like it here. Like it. Like it. I like it. Yeah, they just had a headline on the story they're doing about the Democratic nomination about Gorsh, the Librum and I'm thinking of myself three years too late. Yeah. Now he gets to know he rises up, you know, that's Gour. Anyway, Andy, Andy, I, Angie Huggis, who? Angie Huggis. She's these take coordinator for Wisconsin-Amness, the International She Rights. Uh, this was yesterday, so she said today which was yesterday's International Human Rights Day. This is a day we can reflect back on the long and rugged journey from where we came to where we are and where we're heading. Today we ask how fine is the line between protecting our rights and freedoms and security? If our country wants to export democracy, it must be done with moral leadership and in accordance with international law, but the highest priority should be the protective human rights both abroad and right here at home. If we're to set a standard and demand transparency in accountability by others, we must be willing to do nothing less than the same ourselves. We do what I remember that what we do under others can be done onto us. So let's reflect on how we're doing. One violation of basic human rights is to arrest innocent people in order to extract their course information from them regarding a family member. When people across America hear about this action taken in countries with this but rulers, they're outraged and raged and rightly so. Is that Abraham Al-Duri? That was the story I told you missed on 60 minutes? Yes. Is the former Vice Chairman of the Iraqi Revolutionary Command Council, his wife and daughter were recently taken into custody by US-led coalition officials who were not giving out any details as to why or what the legal basis was for their arrest. There also reports that US forces are arresting relatives of fugitives to interrogate them on the whereabouts of family members. A murderous will be equally as outraged and raged out that this is becoming an approved and come intact to use by our own country, Will there be the same widespread condemnation as when other countries do this or will there be silence and excuses as justification for the action? One of our prized and valued rights is our first amendment which guarantees the freedom of speech and of the press and was symbol peaceably, This also is reflected in Article 19 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, which is everyone has the right to freedom of opinion and expression. President Bush tells us we're bringing freedom to the Iraqi people at the same time US military officials in Iraq are closing down TV stations. This not only has happened in Mosul where the military commander stated he knew it was an act of blatant censorship, but also very recently and bad dad. While legislators debated French versus freedom fries and repeatedly debated amendment to ban this equation of the US flag, they've disacquated the fourth and fifth amendments to the US Constitution by approving the USA Patriot Act. We can no longer be complacent regarding our human rights or bill rights in our freedoms with passage of the Patriot Act, the cornerstones of our judicial system innocent, proven guilty and guilty on a reasonable doubt of infotainment. Now you can be presumed guilty until you prove yourself innocent. When we look at other judicial systems around the world we're outraged at this concept or presumed guilty upon arrest and before trial. What we never thought could happen is now legal right here in our own country. A person can be held in committacato, a person can be held indefinitely without charge, a person no longer has the right to contact family or an attorney, how can a person help to prove his innocence under these conditions? There are reasons for our laws for our rules for rules of war and for international laws, these reasons include the protection of innocent civilians and times of conflict and protective human rights. It takes courage to put human dignity in human worth first, but we are up to the challenge human rights need not be the sacrificial lamb human rights don't have to be the casualty of war. Angie, who gets nice going, Angie? Unfortunately she's far into a windstorm in our own way. We're sleeping in the dark. Oh speaking of we're sleeping in the dark, please told us stop giving out pamphlet. Pittsburgh. Well those Catholics, man, he sure got problems then you got really big problems up the old. You can't hear the problem. Oh that's right, well that's good, I'm going to be the problem. A Roman Catholic Dicees in Western Pennsylvania is ordered a priest to stop distributing an anti-gaseic pamphlet that says, it borders on the pornographic. How do you like that? Digital fact in the church. The Reverend John Ness Bella, who works at the Prince of Peace Parish in Northern Cambrian the Al-Tulajan's on Dicees, said yesterday that he had stopped distributing medical consequences of what homosexuals do. But Ness Bella says the seven-page documents supports the church's stance against same-sex marriage by detailing claims about the negative medical consequences of gay sex acts. Gay, wait till you're with the co-author is the co-sponsor. Okay, pamphlet is authored by Paul Cameron. A sociologist who cheers the family research institute in Colorado, who is a right-wing lunatic who used to be a Mr. Ego show about every five minutes. One of the top homophobes in the world. A graphically describes various gay sex acts in refers to Cameron's own so-called research, news paper articles, medical journals and governments statistics. Cameron concludes that homosexuals are sexually troubled people engaging in dangerous activities. Sister Mary Parks. No relationship or marriage marriage. A spokesman for the Dicees that covers West Central Pennsylvania said the pamphlet borders on the pornographic. The bishop was concerned that the explicit nature of the material might lead us to become part of the problem, rather than part of the court's court's court's solutions, she said. Cameron's work has been criticized by gay rights activists and scientists, Gregory Herrick, a professor on an expert on hate crimes and sexual prejudice at the University of California Davis, and Cameron Twister misunderstands others' research and uses poor methods to do his own surveys. Cameron said he was stunned by the ICC's actions. The language in the pamphlet is all clinically said. It's more strionally written to be sure it is after all an informational or propaganda piece written for an intelligent reader. Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, and as Bella says, I just believe that the medical consequences of homosexuality are so serious and horrific that somebody has to say something about it. Paul Cameron, man. Like that. Gates. What's that Fred Phelps from case? Right. The one that attends all the gay funerals. There's this another one for you. What a hate monger. No. Yeah. So how are we doing out there at the QM fan Josh? Haven't got another update for a long time. Come on. Now you people out there. We got 20 minutes to go. And Scott's been out there since whenever he showed up. He'll be there. Go to a clock and we only had 20 bucks. Yeah. Funny bucks. Christ on many where we can find that on the floor out in the hallway. Yeah. We can. See you. Well, somebody probably already beat you to it. I was telling you that's pathetic. Twenty dollars. What are best in the emergency nice in a good location. A few events out there at the shell gas station on Sherwood and Street. Just west of I. Ninety five. And I'm going to tell you right now. If we don't get another twenty. I'm not leaving. I'm staying on the year. Okay. Actually, I got a better idea. I just want you up tomorrow. That's a truth. If we don't get at least twenty bucks more, which is an asking for much. That's pretty pathetic still forty bucks. Well, I better drive out there right now. That by two o'clock. And I'm not coming into my own. It's all yours. I'm just talking to make it there by two. I'm just talking about it. Yeah. But 20 till two at five sixty wqm a e f. Tarot out of repair our new sponsor bars on the arirgis show. We're glad to have him. E f. Tarot out of repair is located at fifty eighty three north federal highway. Just a mile and a half north of Sample Road in Pompano Beach. At E f. Tarot out of repair experience the difference that experience makes. All the e f mechanics are certified technicians who we know there's stuff. Curl with all latest technology and a most of them have been with the E f team from almost twenty years. In fact, the E f team combined is that over two hundred years of experience in doing it right. No job is to bigger to small E f from a blown fuse to a blown engine from a seventy three to a to an o four Bentley E f. Tarot out of repair do it all. All jobs are meticulously double check for accuracy by the shop foreman. And every car is clean upon completion of the work E f on his most extended warranties to. And they offer you a wideway service on most repairs as well. E f. Tarot out of repair fifty eighty three north federal highway in Pompano Beach. Call nine five four four two six ninety nine twenty six. That's nine five four four two six ninety nine twenty six. And when you call these folks ask about their ninety they same as cash. No interest credit card to E f. Tarot out of repair. National recognizes one of the most successful automotive repair facilities in the entire US. U.S. A. E F. There motto is nobody cares more and nobody will work harder to earn your business. We're supposed to be a five six. You a. M. Child should have and should never be left alone with its tickle me jacko from sick on the street. Just hold tickle me jacko's string and hearing say. And every kid whose sleeps with tickle me jacko has a chance to score a 10 billion dollar jackpot. Pickle me jacko from the makers of Daniel be jacko by me off bigger and burdened earnings varied in message to his dream house. You ready bird tickle me jacko from sickle me street. I'll be able to let all boys are us K Y toys and unsafe waste stories one forty six at five sixty WM here's a facts are appreciate mark says you probably knew this all right. No I did not. But since Dr. Rackens death the whole atkins enterprise is basically shifted from a medical based organization to a pure cash machine. I got to write can's always try to make money nothing more with that but he was a practicing position to just before the buyouts mentioned in this article which he has a chance to his medical clinic shot at stores all together now it's nothing but a marketing marketing. I'm not knocking. There are products he says but the direction of the enterprise is not the same moment unless there's a while we got that horrible stuff that I just shook in and through in the trash. Three boxes of it. And I'll say again if you don't have like some kind of a stomach problem with that stuff if you're not allergic to those sugar alcohols like it says in very tiny print on the back of the box then have a good time with it they taste great. Probably not going to kill you. But I don't feel just I had that experience but I also feel like I don't know a little off today you know what I mean no. You know what I'm talking about when you feel a little bit off like light headed like your life like that. And not just like all there you know what I'm saying like it. Listen it was a dynamic. Your test experience man. For everyone. Let me ask you this. Yeah how are we doing out there at the show station we got next to twenty bucks. He said there were a group of people he's going to call me back. So he's got a group of people that are taking up a collection to see if we can come up with the 20. I'm not implying that. There were six people at three bucks of peace that's 18. They might be there to rob him. That could be it. I doubt it. You know he's only got twenty bucks because he sure don't have that of his own. Well that's a good side. That means maybe I'll show up tomorrow. We'll see. Anyway federal warning on tuna plants. Be kind of eaten bad stuff. The federation. I never been able to understand but they always say well certain things are bad for infants or bad for pregnant women. Well if they're bad for anybody isn't it kind of logical that they're probably not that great for everybody else too. What would think? Yeah. I mean that's a little bit too logical probably. The federal government plans to warn pregnant women nursing mothers and even those thinking of getting pregnant, to limit their consumption of tuna as part of a broad advisory concerning the dangers of eating fish and shellfish with elevated levels of harmful mercury. A graft advisory from the FDA and the EPA, Caussons women have child bearing age as well as young children to limit their intake of tuna and other fish and shellfish to 12 ounces a week. The equivalent of two three modest meals. Among sea food tuna rags second one to shrimp and popularity in the US did you know that? No, it doesn't. First it's cheap. Right. Comments. And we're not talking about necessarily like gourmet tuna. We're talking about like canned tuna as well. Right. The government is also advising consumers to mix the types of fish they eat and not to eat any one kind of fish or shellfish more than once a week. Huh. The FDA had previously worn pregnant women against eating shark, swordfish, king, makrull, holy, makrull and tilefish. What the hell is a tilefish? I thought I knew my fish but I guess I don't. You better learn your fish, Mr. Cause you should unknown. Right? Absolutely correct. Because they contain unusually high levels of mercury but until now the agency hasn't directly addressed concerns about tuna, Richard warnings for so long to segment of the population. The advisory notes that mercury levels in tuna vary in that tuna states and can't alwa court tuna, generally contain higher levels of mercury than canned light tuna. So you can get like cancer light. The document advises pregnant nursing women. You can safely include tuna's part of your weekly fish consumption. But like I said, don't eat anyone kind of fish yourself. Is more than once a week. This is a bunch of crap. You know what? It's a bunch of crap. Do you believe it? No way. That's a pile of crap. The states are peeing court in Frankfurt and Tucky. Blocked a smoking band that was said to take effect last night in midnight in bars and restaurants in Lexington, the hub of the tobacco growing country. Well, they probably pissed off about that when you think. I think. Even a horses aren't too happy. The justice is also said they settle repealed by opponents of a trial judge is ruling that the law, the first by any city in the state's constitutional court said a hearing from arts ten. Earlier whens day the state court of appeals refused to grant a temporary injunction, a three judge panel said opponents of the election team ordinance mainly in organization to bar arrest owners failed to show how immediate enforcement were caused in a reprobable injury. The organization then asked the Supreme Court for a stay. The smoking band, which is drawn national attention because of tobacco's prominence in Kentucky history, was enacted by the Lexington Fayette Urban County Council's a pubic health measure. So they're thinking about it. And I think somebody in tobacco grows and make the courts an offer to the capital fuse. Do you understand? Smoke of a kegata. That's what Fay Wayne said. Mary and what the whole thing. What was his real last name? I don't know. Oh, Connor. Mary and Carl. Carl. Carl. And Carol too. Oh, seriously. What was his name? Mary and Anderson. Mary and Mary and Barry. Smoke and Figata. Mary. All right. 152 at five 60. WQM. If you want to give your home a new style of the solidest season here's a great way to do it. We've placed that terrible carpeting call our friends at Laminance. Our us. This is the smart, the easy low maintenance alternative to expensive natural wood flooring. Laminance or rush is the best place to find Laminated wood flooring from Pirator. Purgle Wilson art, Unifluen Quixthep and all other floorings installed by Progosetified Installers too. Here's another reason to call Laminance or Iced Air Press are so low to the floor. Right now get their holiday special for just 1495 bucks. That is correct. Just 1495 gets you up to 295 square feet of beautiful Laminated wood flooring. It is positively underlight and Laminance or us will match any legitimate written offer to you can't beat them. For a free and homestimate column toll free at 1-877-777-3336 they make it so easy you can't possibly say no. They offer your free carpet disposal, fee furniture moving in a 25 year warranty. So this holiday season give your home a gift a brand new style with beautiful Laminate wood flooring. Tell that Neal tweeted call Laminance or us toll free at 1-877-777-73336. Got an inch and then a lead ball. People are waiting for them long-end calls. But I don't think that that's the way to go. I say we did finally point out more. We're sending it to you, darling. We're going to go home. Cook you up here, sign code for Laminate. We feed you, try and chew it down a phone call. It's time to deal finally, boy, now, go! Yeah, let's get it over with already. Okay, we got more important fish to fry like that hot tuna. Don't be too much tuna, man. I'm telling you right now, I warned you. Don't say it in the morning. You don't be in and I'll be in the Madgons bars either. Oh, God, those endolged. Because it will encourage your income. Then you'll be sorry. You'll be sitting on that pot during a holiday. That's not a good time to be doing. No time is a good time for it. But that's just not good. Let's take a look at 9-11 as moving to see. I thought it was in tech. It was techie to put it on in the first place. Why would you say that? I don't know because it's obviously the correct answer. We're like, don't want to keep being reminded of it. No, obviously the correct answer, even though it's terrible tragedy. Why do you say that? It's moved from nowhere to second place. Back to you can say Troy's trapper name here today. I think the one that's in the next day. Right, Troy's trapper name here today. Troy's trapper name here today. Troy's trapper name here. See it's our main second place. What's the past 50? What news have ended in the past 50 years? Had the most significance to you. If I was him, I'd go in there and I'd just beat the crap out of Greg. You know, no, you think that would be good? I'd pay to watch that. I'd like to see him and Joe Rose come in here and just each one get on one side. Just pound some sense in his thick skull. Troy's double your boy. I'd say of course they just cover near us anyway. We can't tell you what to call about. George W. Bush deals 2000 election 237. That's been way out in front. But we put 911 on there because originally we said in the poll other than 911 and George said, Oh, you'll see Bush the election will still win. Okay. 911 has gone from nowhere to 106. Strauss second place. Got a long way to go. Admit. JFK assassination 99. Vietnam more 54. Collapse of the Soviet Union 31. Hurricane Andrew 25. And again, we were very late on that. I apologize profusely. The challenge rate explodes 22. The alien saga 20. How soon they forget? The John Lennon murder. Still 19. Clinton impeachment 17. The Berlin wall comes down 16. Martin Luther King's assassination 13. Mary Alboatly 13. Mary Alito's. Elvis Crochson a crap or 11. Internet bubble burst 11. Watergate Nixon resignation 10. Neil Eats those atkins bar at I'm sorry. Our source neighbor becomes Governor of California six princess died dies for an RK assassination for out of 718 votes. You'll see when we sit down and I'm just I'll bet your Greg's life on it right now. How's that? Okay. Fact out through an abonus. I bet your Greg and most life on it. Absolutely. Okay. Now that might that might temper the way some people vote. Don't hold back. Okay. How do we do out there at the van? I'm going to call him back. He hasn't called me yet. How many? 22 seconds. You better hurry up. I'm Josh better hurry. Make that call. Or else George is it. It's all his tomorrow. And you're. No, I'm going to make it. If he didn't get another 20. I'll put it in there. Oh really? Yeah. It's worth an amazing. I wish we had more time because I got some good bedtime stories and we wasted a lot of time. But idiot calls. But we're going to do that every day anyway. Was the airplanes in better Brazilian? You ready for that? Okay. As Americans prepare to celebrate the centennial of the right brothers first light a whole country is cringing and what believes to be a historical injustice against one of his most beloved heroes. There's a lot of Italians in Brazil. Probably inherited from that because the Italians always say they invented everything. And ready anyone. What is it? You ready for this? Five hundred and three dollars. I'm going to eat it. Oh, this is how it's to hate you George. Ask anyone in Brazil to put in the airplane. They'll say Alberto Santos do Monday. Five foot four inch bomby van who was well known for his aerial prowess as he was for his dandy-ish dress and high society life in Bellapock, Paris. As Paul Hoffman recounts in his Santos du Mont-Vagrefi wings of madness, the eccentric president was the first and only person to want a personal flying machine that could take him just about anywhere he want to go. And in fact, from the sounds of it, I don't think he needed the plane. You catch my drip? No, what do you mean by that? Look for who I'm van four to six this afternoon is the 7.11 44.51. And David Boulevard, how much did we get? Five, five, oh three. Five, oh three. Five, oh three. And then of course, the Josh will be 7.9 at Tony Romas Hurricane Hotline. Love them, Lord, and you, us one. In South Miami, let's get it right then. Bye, bye, bye. The weather's so unclicated, you ain't at Miami for another day. Throw. Do you want to take a down on it?