See ya, howie! Why don't you go back to Canada, you too fast! Okay! We need again if we don't want to tell From the bush for tell Then let the service win We need to support the port We need to support the port! Then do blinds or coal It was our doom But the bombs dropped from the stars Come far away Hey, go to the checkered place Maybe we should obtain a tension A little bit more To the bats we just we've known I've tried to catch the cologne But I'm afraid that the lawn won't be the most We need again With our home that I've been Yes! Civil rights will be restored On sunny day No! We need again If we don't want to tell From the bush for tell That the service win We need to support the port We need again With our home And what's the situation We need to support the port On sunny day That's one way to unlock the port 902 and 560WQM happy Thursday 2 Is it Thursday already? Wow, I like these short weeks I'm going to get sick a lot more You know how many times have been sick this year? I'm going to play that all day I love that Yeah, over and fact I'm going to be a lot of people We've got a lot of lessons to the trends We've got lessons to the trends I'm going to be a lot of people It's going to be weekman We're going to have bad numbers I can't speak for anybody I'm going through the roof He's got the people that hate all the rest of us Except the man dog So, the man dog should do pretty good In fact, I still think it's a good name for a show I like that Don't they do that? I'm going to tell you some other station I'm going to work this morning I'm going to tell people why don't I? Because otherwise I can't pitch about stuff Like this crappy old computer We're going to do a new computer I'm buying it If you want stuff that works in this studio I got to buy it Or somebody's going to do it Hey, there's my good friend, Muff, I'm buying a new computer I'm going to do a new computer I'm going to do a show for him If I told him once, I told him about 30 minutes I'm going to do a show for him I'm going to do a show for him I love that thing Anyway, George Ta-Ta took kind of a marginal poll yesterday Which I thought was in very poor taste I'm going to keep it light This is all a warm movie to these people What? It's like a video game It's not a warm movie, it's a video game It's just entertainment now See how many people died of that market in a rack yesterday It was in first of pentagon Can't we ever admit anything? I think it's not a real thing I think it's a real thing I think it's a real thing I think it's a real thing I think it's a real thing I think it's a real thing I think it's a real thing I think it's a real thing I think it's a real thing I think it's a real thing I think it's a real thing I think it's a real thing I think it's a real thing I think it's a real thing I think it's a real thing I think it's a real thing I think it's a real thing I think it's a real thing I think it's a real thing I think it's a real thing I think it's a real thing I think it's a real thing I think it's a real thing I think it's a real thing I think it's a real thing I think it's a real thing I think it's a real thing I think it's a real thing I think it's a real thing I think it's a real thing I think it's a real thing I think it's a real thing I think it's a real thing I think it's a real thing I think it's a real thing I think it's a real thing I think it's a real thing I think it's a real thing I think it's a real thing I think it's a real thing I think it's a real thing I think it's a real thing I think it's a real thing I think it's a real thing I think it's a real thing I think it's a real thing I think it's a real thing I think it's a real thing I think it's a real thing I think it's a real thing I think it's a real thing I think it's a real thing I think it's a real thing I think it's a real thing I think it's a real thing I think it's a real thing It's your favorite warmal because of wars on everybody's mind That's just the attitude that I'm running into It's entertainment to these people WQAM Hi Meal Yes sir This is you I think it sounds like Neil to me Sounds like Neil to me Sounds like me Hey What's up Richie have in there Holla Both the pork chops on a daily basis Yeah I love the planet This globe is getting in there in the earth Okay thanks Ted That was Ted Jr. That was good That's right Richie have in a restaurant piece I have to play that Bob Prince Richie have in her cut Of course I've played it probably too many times Bob Birdman Anyway George had a lot of votes on a poll yesterday I did Bob Birdman What's he had over 1000,000 in the eye I think because I could look at it more than that now But you know what's I printed out that's you Yeah You printed something out? Yeah Hey like I said I'm getting a new computer from here And I bought this one right after four years ago But after a while they like die like us You know they're dying over here on computer How many years ago last legs? Interesting How many years ago? Bob Birdman I think that's why they made this computer About 30 years ago And amazingly love up in Toronto Everything works like instant I mean computer The predator everything like clockwork And then it's simply line here It's because of the QAM factor Because the beesleys are cheap and if we want anything good Neals got a dig into its fat pockets Just like I gave Carlos the nice bonus check this morning That's more you know that's more than he makes here Like six months He's still thinking huh? He's still thinking huh? He's still thinking huh? He's still thinking huh? He's still thinking huh? He's still thinking huh? He's still thinking huh? He's still thinking huh? He's still thinking huh? He's still thinking huh? He's still thinking huh? He's still thinking huh? He's still thinking huh? He's still thinking huh? He's still thinking huh? He's still thinking huh? He's still thinking huh? It's incredible WQIM? He'll? Yes sir Hey whatever happened to Yolvin Yolvin did he assist y'all? I think he's death a donut shop Yeah, the smear would direct you then huh? What is it? What is it? You know? What was he babbling about? Hey there a good shape today The worst getting to a man the work coverage is getting to him They can't take it anymore Any mole? Maybe mole is getting to him You know how many listeners he's got But third man Anyway, nine minutes past nine Why am I stuck on it? But third man I love that that's got to be And you know how long we had that before you finally took that clip out of there Huh? No sure so much of we had it like 15, 18, 21 But third man Before that we just went Huh? We talked about it We didn't think it was clean Why did you say something? Without readjust talk Oh yeah, what the hell was that? Dixie uh, what was it? Dixie Normus Yeah, Dixie Normus I'm gonna tell you what Hershey's coming back to the morning show I heard that coming to work this morning I want to turn him on and go back home I want to go to the hospital immediately For my purple vein I was squeezed my purple vein a couple of times I was so sad just to see if I was really hearing that Dixie Normus Was that exact who would add swishy voice? Who was that? That was the worst bit The worst attempted humor And the thing about oh how to beat And a good was just not a shot at the poor beast Always go test by the way But he sure losing that weight man He's losing it slowly but surely Real slowly and don't call him surely Certainly How about Dixie? Normus But anyway, just a little shot at him And that's course because of the, yeah, I'm always just He's into what with everybody He's just into what with everybody And I noticed this morning people in the hallway Pointing in there He's in there Running, running down the hall He's in there You know, that's how he like I he he used to do this Because I'm not usually here He used to put his piece He's a piece, he walked out of the building With it still on his head Now he just rested on the chair And there I hope your rose don't sit on Later on do like a little Of course he could make it smell any worse And then they found your fart machine under the chair That was bad Yeah Zionians have any idea what I'm talking about Oh, that's okay A little encohared I got purple skin Because doctors down here are assholes Don't, don't, don't go to the Twenty doctors down here Unless you find one good one I got one Now I got a couple That I would trust With somebody's life I got the rest of them for get about it And you know, so they prescribed the O Applibex and aspirin and this And your blood gets so thin Like if you if you walk into the wall All of a sudden like a half a gallon just spurt out You could paint the whole guy they'm all with it Bloody bastards 11 past nine It's five sixty WCUAM Ball game tomorrow How do you like that we get out of here early It a lot Huh? We get out of here about 11 About thirty men Fifty tomorrow morning Isn't that great? Sure, sure We got a big go, what is it? Yeah, I love those marbles Ed noon All that ripping you've done Or the hell they be planned tomorrow Who cares? Exactly Hey, I'll tell you where you ought to be Not playing but eating the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet Man, what a great place There are three of them for you Sunrise, North Miami Beach And the newest one in Pembroke Pines Start your mouth watering experience With six different suits and then sample Dozens of second-long trace In fact last time Ozenamil Coast not only other couple of dozen I think they're about thirty men Different enthrased to choose from Oriental surf and turf on a weekend New York Strip State made a word in the gourmet center A sizzling Asian grill with teriyaki steak And shrimp chicken seafood handcar Prime rib And the Emerald Coast doesn't have any crappin or food No MSG, no garbage, no or what's that stuff they use? A cornstarch Oh, bad for ya And they only do the cooking in all cholesterol Free oils too At the Emerald Coast The buffet features a full salad bar A new sushi bar fresh room cocktail And their famous lobster fest is back featuring Love to thermators and lobster bisc Bring a big healthy appetite or a crowbar Or both Because you want to shove a little bit of dessert in your pants They got pies and cakes, pastries, ice cream With all your favorite toppings and fresh fruit at the dessert bar At the Emerald Coast Don't forget three locations And sunrise the original soft photo location Pine Island of 44th Street There are columns out of just north of 163 North Miami Beach And at the intersection of the flamingo and pemberc roads And prestigious pemberc pines Emerald Coast accept reservations Take out and live re-releable as well Callum at nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two Nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two Four real feast any time it's the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet We're supposed to be in five six six You a M Now are the ladies or the ladies show The program director and the operations manager So excited to see me in the flesh that they're in here The break ends and I'm like You're like that So anyway, Dixie Normus is going to be Data and clear as is what I heard in the morning show this point Please bring back Ron Hersey we do yourselves a favor. Hey Ken nice to see Ken Maldon out there Wandering right on hallway Huh? No great to see all these people briefly Ha ha ha ha ha Pinellas minister accused of explicit web acts with citrus team Can we get going on a show? What are they doing in here to cut him to the mommers down? I mean that's embarrassing isn't it? No. That's me five here. Transit eleven thirty Oh, all those numbers. I don't think they want to hear these The ones today at least we don't. Oh, it's going to be bad. Whatever. Going to be bad. Most going to have a big one He's going to have a gigantic one I'm that's my prediction he's moving up in the world. He's the man. Motor man no question about it Here's a call from Miami who's a big mommet fan hello Thank God you're here. Coach. How about mode? Not see that was his material. I love the way they do that. They blurred it out and then you hear the click God. How about hanging around for just a half a second so I'll give you chance to rip somebody else You know you suck by the way George. Yeah, you know many people told me that But here's a George is pull from yesterday. What's your favorite war movie saving private Ryan 154 Full metal jacket 144 a pocket looks that those are the only two that were in contention pretty good contest there huh? I don't think I saw either one of them a pocket looks now 80 patten 69 Dr. Strange love 57 out there's a that should add more votes in that Huh? Or how I learned to love the bomb? Platoon 52 didn't see that Kelly's heroes 44 How about Hogan's heroes bridge an opportunity for 22 votes with Alex. Alex. Alliginus right short memories boy. Well, it's that's a little too old for your crowd. The dirty dozen and mash each head 41 black hog down 38 wasn't Josh Hartman And then act black hog down I didn't see it. The guy in the big he is. Is it huh? That Owen Wilson guy with the big nasty gnarly. Oh, I can't watch that. Stalard 17. How many votes they had? About 33. The Patriot 19 heartbreak bridge 16 glory hole a glory head 16 directora tourist 16. The big red one had 16. I've seen a few of those thus boot and guns and everyone had 14 apiece I don't want to read the whole list because rest of anything under well we'll do double digits all squad on a western friend in midway each head 11 Oh, from here to attorney the only head nine that whoa Frankie Panky's going to be upset about that in a war picture That Elm Artina was in you realize that he's one of the few people that was in all three movies And all three godfather. That's right. I've been think about Connie was in all three. Yeah, Elm Artina was in all three. What's that was the name of the singer was his name? Tony Bennett. No, I'm talking about the anti-fantane Johnny Fontaine. He was in all three and how many other people? Because they killed someone in the end Michael Michael of course Michael Corleoni Kate Kate was in all three. Kate. Take. Yeah. I'm thinking not too many. Well, I'll not see everybody else. And I want to about tesio. No tesio wasn't in the third one. So he wanted too much money. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, that's right. I forgot about see how to sign out a mine can't do it, pal. Can't do it, Sally. In fact, that was funny when what's his name when Tom Hagen come out and said hi, pal. That should have been a to the re-clear right there that they weren't going for that ride. Testio. What am I talking about? Clements of course he disappeared. Right. Fat Clementsa Tom Hagen. He wanted too much money. Robert Duval. Marlon Brando. He was so they couldn't get him out of the bed. Yeah. Oh, you know something we got it now. The tabloid just came in. Wait till you see this picture. I mean, I realize the audience don't tell them. Oh, don't tell me. We don't have the one with the Marlon Brando picture. Oh, no. Oh, Jesus. We do have the one that says Prince Charles's gay shocking church from dies video. That'll have to do for now. But when Johnny Cash is dying. Oh, he said. In fact, your honey word days, the predicting that Johnny Cash is going to live. But I can't find the Marlon Brando thing. Oh, he's got away. 4,500 pounds easy. They couldn't lift him out of his chair with a crane with a crane. By the way, in case you wonder if you're missing any important stuff in the war, a Navy captain Frank Thorpe who is a coalition spokesperson here. And I just some more puff pieces and more interviews with the people, some of these personal stories, you know, they're just filling up hours and hours and hours with the stuff. And I just love when they go to the parents of the POW things like that. They say, well, how do you feel about this? Well, at that point, it would be a quarter ought to be shot. You know, I think we ought to have a special lot. It says any reporter who behaves like that ought to be shot on a spot. We give him a freebie, you know. Just like the Catholic priest, they got one freebie. Don't we think don't you think that all the parents ought to get one freebie to free or they get one? And why don't I? Of course, the Catholic priest don't kid just one past they get about 30 minutes. So he was that story I just had about the Penelis minister accused of explicit web acts with Cypress teenager. This just came in somebody sent it to us. A Penelis Park minister was arrested yesterday on charges he enticed a 15 year old homo sassagirl to engage in sexually explicit activities with him by a home computer authorities say. Ralph Wayne Vanderpool 58 was arrested in jailed in Penelis County after investigation by the Cypress County Sheriff's Office and the FDLE. Investigators told he said his county chronicle that Vanderpool lured the team to the making pornographic videos of herself and sending him via the via the internet sounds like George. Vanderpool volunteers as a minister at the first Baptist Church of Penelis Park detectives began their investigation in February when the girls mother found pornographic images of her daughter on the family computer. She told police they met in June 2002 in an online game room. Wow, on Wednesday authorities arrested the priest on charges of luring a child or a gauge in sexual activity through a computer service and encouraging sexual performance by a child. How old was she? 15 years old. George and that's old enough. He was later released on 7000 dollars bottom of the Piniis County jail was said no information on his legal representation. 30s are considered there might be more victims. How many I think there might be? Not turned man. Just a wild guess in my part I could be running on the attend to exaggerate. Here's today's poll on the Roger show. We don't want to get two more intensive. If there's anything going on, I got a lot of store. Oh, you know who died? I give up. Come on. Daniel Patrick Moynihan. He's right. Yeah. He was a strange guy. Did you know that? Don't you remember what he looked like? No. He looked like a lip problem. He was always the way he spoke. There was something wrong with his lips. Even worse than Tristrafford. Cancer? No, I don't mean that. I'm not talking about an illness. But there was just he was just a head. I don't know. Don't remember. It looked like he always had like a lot of chapstick on, which maybe that tells you something. But he was like a curmudgeon. He was a very strange dude. Former Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan in New York City, Shusha and Bobe Kim and A Conoclasticsy, there you go. A Conoclastics scholar politician and sur 4 terms that he was said a diet yesterday at 76. The New York Democrat former U.N. Ambassador Ben and Il Healthy was hospitalized in January for an intestinal disorder and again soon for a back injury. But his latest set back was an infection after emergency epidemic. March 11 at the Washington Hospital Center. He was succeeded in a Senate by. By Guess who? I gave him a quad pepper. And then the earth state. Oh, you see, this is a man who knows nothing. And you see the state politicians. I know something about that. And the earth state Senate. Yeah. Who is it? Who are the two senators from the earth state? Tuck humor. There's one who's there. Like I said, succeeded by Hillary Clinton. Thank you. Carlos. Okay. Carlos had a. Yeah. Boy, I tell you George. He's got a lot of obscure information. But when it comes out of the needy grid, he can tell you stuff that happened 500 years ago. Right. But anything now, see, that's what happens too much bad. We'd like normal can't, you know, really affect your mind. Tell you, like I can tell all those horse races from 1961. Yeah. Francis, so here with the idea on the outside three wide of whole milder he comes. Hit him again, Francis. I can tell you, I don't the quarter times how much the horse paid what post position. But it asked me what happened yesterday. Can't tell you. And I really don't care to be honest with you, especially when you work here. Here's today's poll. And again, not to excited your place that it was much more exciting than this. I'll grant you that. But this is a little bit more timely, I think. As opposed to talking about movies from 100 years ago. Yeah. Which of these do you think is giving the best work coverage? Okay. Straight right to the point. CNN. Fox News. MSNBC. CBS NBC ABC. BBC. The internet or don't know because I'm not watching any of it. Are we pretty funny? No. Oh, how do you channel? Al Jazeera. By the way, we knocked the Iraqi TV tower again. Okay. First we knocked off the big one. And then we were amazed because they finally had another one. We just, I don't know. I had a second one. I was like, what's your name? How are they going to see there's the dark music video? Like Lorraine a Bob and she cut it off and then she found out he had a smaller one. That he was hiding somewhere and the same thing. Then they had a smaller secondary satellite and then we bombed that and blew that up. Of course probably a bunch of innocent civilians died too. But that's, it's just, it's a war man. A lot of people die. A lot of bloodshed. And we are told that this is bigger. And then they found all those chemical weapons suits. Did you see that all the other clues? Yeah. And that they have. But of course did we find any chemical weapons yet? No. No. They have suits. And they have that. What is the drug? I don't know. It begins with an A. Antidote. What's it called? No, I have no idea. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. I had an antidote on all kinds of crap. Boy, she told me once you tell you. But third man is the same crap. And they found all of them. And they haven't found any chemical weapons. And that's because they got them all stored there and it's in the bag dead. Right. That's what George W. told the George Herbert Walker Bush when he asked him how the war was going. He said it's in the bag dead. I will try and send that. Yeah. 567. 560. Boy, sure. It's great to be back here. No. With a bunch of this crappy equipment. No CBC. No BBC. I think I better go back. So we can put some real information on it. Hey, are those captured prisoners? They're showing there. Yeah. More. We've seen this about 400 times an MSNBC already this morning. They all get the nifty bathrobe. Captured prisoners. No. Those aren't the captured prisoners. These are guys with injuries. Oh. Did you see that they had the bandages around? Well, and again, I don't want to sound insensitive. We hope the best for all of this. And this business about. We support the troops. Yeah. We all support the troops. And that's why we want them home alive like tomorrow would be good. Alive. Not in pieces, not in body bags. Not being booched by a bunch of our variants. Who are cornered and desperate and will go to any lengths to try to say their own an Asterpine? Frank, where'd you get that from? The caller. Thank you very much caller. Atterpine. That's what they had that vials of chemicals, including atterpine. And of course, they are pretty vile. But. So because you like it as my grandmother would say they're like a bunch of vile animals. It's used to say that all the time. How many times I heard to her say that? But third man. 567.0560. Pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. So there's the new pool for today. We got Georgia's pool from yesterday. Saving pride, Ryan wins in a very tight race with full-muddle straight jacket. And we apologize for muff and clearance coming in here and dicking around with a show. I guess you didn't know better. Can't they come in a little bit early like five to nine? Huh? Monastana hallalanda. Exactly. I mean, it got to be like this. Grand entrance in the middle of the show. They do that while you're out of town. They go in there and confabulate with me while the show is in the middle of the show. I'm sure it's the one. Oh, I'm sure it's the one. Oh, I got forbid. They should come in a couple of minutes early. Of course, then they might. You do understand why they do come in like five after nine because then Mo was out of the building. Yeah. What do you laughing about that? That's the truth. They don't want to see that crusty old fart. Just to look at him like puts a crimp in your whole guy damn life much less the day. So we got the trans coming out into our, we're not going to dwell on those because we got a lot of important Wartalk going on. I'll tell you a place you get away from the war and all your problems, your purple skin and your whatever You've got going. And that's the world famous pizza law. Jeff Cohen knows his crap man. He knows it. In fact, one thing you will not be hearing while I'm back in town. And as Jeff Cohen on the show, which I know is George used him desperately to try to get laid. Was that the, yeah, one of those on vacation last week. This really trying to get laid. Okay. What? Well, if anybody can do it, he's the man. Jeff Cohen. He's got, I don't think it was me that was trying to you name the age, the size, the shape, the whatever. I'll belong. In fact, George is next hot pair contest. Hot couple. George is idea of a hot couple is Britney Spears breasts. There you go. There's a hot couple. You see right through me. I do. And it's not a pretty picture. Anyway, Jeff Cohen at the pizza law's got two great locations for you now. In fact, if you look over Baghdad, you'll see his banner playing slime all over the place. Somebody's got to feed those poor bastards. And they'll love it. Two, three delicious kinds of pizza. Chicken and meal dishes and all your favorite pasta dishes, calzones, soup or subs, garlic rolls just dripping with garlic. It's so good. It's almost obscene, just like Jeff himself. Big portions, Thai prices, everything cooked fresh to order. That's why people keep taking a whole family and all their friends back to pizza law over and over again. And of course, the rumors keep going back. Not only cause the food is good because the price for them is right. Pizza law thin babies on university drive between Griffin and 595 next to Nova South Eastern. Right behind pair when imports for take up for delivery for catering. Call 9-5-4-9-16-8880. 9-5-4-9-16-8880. And now the brand new pizza law, the most exciting thing to happen in plantations is I move there. They're on a corner of Navhill and sunrise just behind Walgreens of Pharmacy. And they got the same great deals you'll find at the other original pizza law. 9-5-4-3-8-2-1999. That's their number for take up for delivery. And stupidus catering is a little as 5 bucks per person for any affair. You may be having Jeff. 9-5-4-3-8-2-1999. It is absolutely sensationally your lover you may be going back for dinners and lunches and late night snacks to the World Famous Pizza law. 9-5-4-8-9-16-8880. 9-5-4-8-8-1999. This is for 20-5-7-9-16-8880. You way in. The boy is the boy! The boy is the boy! The boy! I think you're calling us this tea, Tony, and I may have to. I've just picked up my 92 call from your life. And that is our two turn in the back seat. Are you a turn? Yes. And there's one who has to see? I'm a turn! A big ass human turn in the back seat of my call. Man, I assure you, our guy is the not-take-a-dump in your car. If you want to bring that car back, we'll take a look at it. You owe you want to take a look at it. My car is fine. It's that big ass turn in the back seat. Okay, what would you like me to do? I said, okay, how about I'm going to your house and pick the local you'll come up with. Man, what would you like me to do to fix the situation? I want somebody to come over here. Get this turn out my back seat. That's not going to happen. What is that going to happen? You can bring the car here and we can take a look at it. I am. I'm bringing back there. You know what I'm going to do? I'm going to take the dump in every last call you got there. I'm going to peel your counter. I'm going to do it all. Okay. You know what you feel? I have a big girl in my head. It probably came out your way. Oh, yeah, I don't make it to happen. I'm going to take your dump in the car. I'll do you wait. About 400 pounds. That's your turn. That's my turn. That came from 400 pounds. This is a 400 pound man. He's a 400 pound man. He's a little gorilla. I'm driving his car right to my lawyer's office. And I'm going to let him hold a world. You're going to be on a new decision, buddy. I'm going to get seven oh my son. What? You want to be on a new? Can you describe the teacher? I mean, what does it look like? You know what it is. It came out your way. It's a way you can work on it. It's a way of calling. I say what is smells ungodly. That's what it smells like. It smells like you sold your ass to the devil. That is what it makes for him. Well, how big is it? How long is it? It's not as long as my arm. I don't think it's like, why y'all? This is not put. I got a damn poop off floor. And I'm not back feet. You know, I think this is actually just a racial stick too. That's what they're doing. I'm a little kid. I'll run it away from it. I'm going to go find this money. I'm a little kid. I want to go see a private. For the fear, we'll sue those. All right, all right. How long does it look like it's been sitting there? It's Steve is coming off of it. Steve, Steve is coming off of it? Yes. Who is he? Jim, Jim, Jim. I'm just going to be a chair that's how long that happened. I am taking this as a fresh chair. Okay. What you need to do is you need to bring that chair back. And we'll match it up. We have a lineup. We'll match it up with the other chairs that we have. Well, what you need to do is learn how to use a tool. We see, and I can bring the serve back to me. No. You know what? Is this a sample? No. I'm starting to like it. I'm going to keep it as a fan. Well, keep it. So this is a nice, you know what? It's a nice conversation piece. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Oh, that's a good question. You turned. 936 at 560WQM Happy Thursday 2. 7 votes on a poll that's up already. Just only moments ago. Which of these do you think is giving the best coverage on a war? BBC has got three now. Some people actually are able to see the BBC on what? On their digital cable. On the community cable access thing. 32, I think it is. Yeah. And some people would not. Is Direct TV also at BBC? I'm not going to be sure. I didn't bother checking at home. I don't know. We're supposed to have it on here. On here what? On our Direct TV and here. That doesn't work. Yeah. That's another good thing. Does it? That's the computer's all screwed. I'm going to have to buy a new one for about a grand. And the, uh, direct TV. How about if I put a direct TV thing in here? My name and get that thing working. I don't see anything you want to get done in here. This is going to be where they're supposed to be paying for it. And supposedly they are, but it's just a pay for it. The station. They can't get anything right. Many people, you know, this, that was a classic example. The program director in the operations manager instead of coming like two minutes before nine or five to nine. You know, that's not requiring a lot to come into middle of the show. Mr. comedy, but there the audience has pissed off about it. Probably the cost is about a half a point next to a trend. I'm telling you right now. Can't get anything done right. You know, that general I was talking about that's going to run Iraq after the war. Yeah. That floor to go. Well. Where did the story come from? Oh, the independent news in the UK. You are, as general with Iraq rule linked to Hardline Israelis. Oh. The retired general named Savigen Governor of occupied Iraq has visited Israel on trip paid for by a right wing group that strongly backs an American military presence in the Middle East. Oh. Oh. How you like that? Lieutenant General J. Garner, the coordinator for Savigen administration in Iraq put his name in October 2000 to a statement blaming Palestinians for the outbreak of Israeli Palestinian violence and saying that a strong Israel was an important security asset to the US. The statement was sponsored by the Jewish Institute for National Security Affairs, Jinsa, which pays for retired US military officers to visit his real for security briefings by Israeli officials and politicians, Richard Pearl. One of the architects of the US invasion of Iraq is a member of the Institute's Board of Advises as well as Vice President Cheney was before it took office in 2001. You sing the pattern here? Yes. Oh, all these testicles and tentacles, it all comes back to the same thing. Lieutenant General Garner went on Jinsa's, Jinsa's annual trip to Israel line to 98. Two years later, he and 42 other senior retired officers said, we are appalled by the Palestinian political and military leadership that teaches children on the mechanics of war. While filling their heads with hate, the security of the state of Israel's amendment of great importance to US policy in the Middle East and Eastern Mediterranean as well as around the world. A strong Israel is an asset that American military planners and political leaders can rely on. And it's just that kind of fair, right down the middle policy by this administration that has all the Arab state like poison. All that our aerial shirone sucking boot looking crap. And we are rapidly becoming the most hated nation in the world. Oh, right. There is something to say about that. Huh? I mean, once upon a time there were a whole bunch of countries ahead of us on the heat list. I would say, I'm not going to man. Right now, we've passed them like their standing still. And virtually anywhere you go in a world that hate the US like poison, they're standing at work got the coke and every McDonalds, which means they'll probably live a lot longer. And things like that. They're attacking McDonalds. They're throwing bread. And they say, yeah, well, those frogs, you know, yeah. Regardless, saying all the worst stuff aside, you know, the French still are pigs. We probably cleaned up the city the fact that they're not going to be eating McDonalds in Perry anymore because all they throw all the stuff on the ground. They just eat it and they just throw all our garbage. And they're walking. In fact, just like horses, it wouldn't surprise me if some of the French people pitch a loaf on the street as they're walking along too. And I like she said in a bit, pitch a loaf. 20, where does the time go in here today, man? I don't understand this. We all, the whole show got thrown off by that interpret visit by our middle-level management people there. Not that we don't enjoy seeing them once in a great while. Oh, and we got very exciting news for it. Did you mention yesterday? Now that we've crossed out another picture on a QM sales department, did you mention? Not officially. It's official. Pini Lenny is gone. He's working for some mortgage guy. He's gone. See, then I picked, don't I pick my spot pretty good? Came back just in time for him to be out of here, but I got a bigger treat I got this morning. Goopopopopopopopopop. And even more sightings in my mouth. Nobody's more saying than Pini Lenny. But second in line, I would say. Hi, apparently. Paco-way was in here. scholarship Teethpeek and Thib in store 100 reksion kilometres No Saveers and Pimpy. But how about that match with something. Only the one you get back, pal. I heard this guy talking. Hi, spannendty. And I've seen Jeph. Go to it again. 19 till 10 at 560 We're just, buy it sometime until something more or more bombs drop big while when they're dropping some small ones and bag that farmers mark it. Things like that. Hey, let me tell you. is a celebrating biggest anniversary. business for Brandy Shoes and Pompano Beach. And of course, like we keep telling you, any independent little family shoes to wealth not little anymore. That's been around for nearly a quarter of a century's got to be doing something right. Like offering a fantastic unbeatable selection of men's and women's famous brand shoes like rock ports, echoes, Mephisto, Timberland, Clark's SAS floor shum, all the top names of the universe. And they got a wide range of sizes, whether you have gigantic huge feet or little teeny tiny ones. They got men sizes 6 to 15 women's five to 12 and wits from the very narrow to the very wide. If you got a big fat one and a foot two. And don't forget the professional sales staff knows your feet inside and not to make sure you get a perfect fit to give you great service. And with over 40,000 pairs of shoes and stock in their 8,000 square foot mega store, you can be danger that what you're looking for, they got it. So when you need shoes get into Brandy Shoes with as always a sale of special promotion going on, Brandy is a great spectacular place to shop for shoes. You'll find them at 1290. The work federal highway in Pompano Beach opened daily in 99 Sundays, 10 to 5. It's a great time to buy rock ports this week at Brandy's. Take 20% off all men's and women's rock port styles and stock, we should have as it Brandy's at Brandy's Shoes.com on a web as well. I'm going to the backyard with collection stones. Oh you mean, yes, I must drag you to the town square. Where are you? Of course, we stone today. You'll be miserable. I have followed the lines of the internet. They deal with the many problems that plague them. Oh my, I speak with you, my esteemed father. This is my son. He's a classmate and you do legal drugs. Well, what do you know? You are one lucky boy. Oh, why is that father? You are going to get stone two nights in a row. You won't know. You won't know. They're guiding she. They're guiding she. I just saw them location and bagged out there. 948. A lot of people get in shock. He downtown back that Iraq out there to that. Even people will slup visit the market. You know, well, just we got bad news sometimes. Just like that Chinese embassy. Remember that? Sure. You know, we had a Zidian callers on a boarder and most of them ran away because I didn't get right to him. You just just keep your pants on. Okay, just relax. We'll get to some calls here eventually when I feel like it. 567. 560. Pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Which of these you think is given a best work coverage we asked any aridues.com? Don't know, not watching any of it. 16 out of 76. How can you not be watching any of it? Do we believe in it? Drive it down the road. How can you not be? I hear it's on HP. Oh, even. BBC 17. CNN 10. I'm sorry, BBC 13. CNN 10. And I was changing again. 11. The internet 11. Fox News 9. MSNBC 9. CBC 4. NBC 7. ABC 1. CBS only one. CBS will get a lot more net if Dan would just to butcher up just a little bit. Come on, Dan. Cut the crap out, but we didn't people are talking all over the place. Dr. Laura Spireyport from one of our facts is out there. It's because George sucks on the air. And as a voice that mirrors the feeling get when somebody takes their nails down a chalkboard. A high compliment, George. He said I was forced to listen to 16 WIOD during your show yesterday. That end, Dr. My opinion, counting years does not open or show. With the article about the condolese or rice situation they apology issued by WQAM. He did mention your name on several occasions. And even read the lyrics and explained that it was to the tune of Mona Lisa by Net King Cole. She should have at least sung it. For a gender was to illustrate how the liberal left can air a parody about blacks and nothing happens. But if the right wing was to the same thing, they'd be an uprising. A little bit happened. A little bit old and stale, Dr. Laura. Just a little bit like her material. Kind of look her bag. A little bit old and stale like her mom. Oh my god. Yeah. She's like her mom's carpets. Old and moldy. Wow. Well, that's what you're doing. You drive them over to Dr. Laura. Say, I scorn. That's really desperate. All you comic pink goes, man. There's a place you want to avoid like the plague. Six, ten because you'll trace it even if you turn it on for a second. They'll tap into your radio and they'll try hunt you down and put you in a goddamn camp. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Mocha, color brother, truck driver, checking in. All right. BGT America, 264 satellite. No. And the BBC comes on channel two and six and a more than six and a half. No. Well, but yeah, but that's all you little bit here and there. I was better in nothing, I guess. Yeah, but I watched a BBC America. I think I'm going to get home by three. Great. Usually. Yeah, and if you notice the difference between the way they're reporting the war and the American networks? Oh, no doubt. I always thought to get the BBC. I heard you talking about them. Even though what I think was yesterday or the day before, think fan showed the CBC for about an hour. Good. Good for them. They do in the far and away the best because they're right down the middle. They're objective. They're not sugar coating. They don't have any embedded reporters. They're not embedded with anybody. They're not through all of these human interest hearts and flowers stories to try to glamorize the war and make people a personality. And you really get the the accurate information. Yeah, I always like to catch them more. Yep, the day gets to been turned was on hardball. And I saw some of that. And he said something that I thought when I first heard these emotional cripples as you like to call them. Yeah. They're not fighting fair. They're hiding in the field. You're not. But we're dropping bombs. Right. And the C and the old relationship. I just heard of. I mean, with five people who we feel just like a high school bully, feed up on a candy guard. No. Basically, they should all put on t-shirts that have an ID. Good guy, bad guy, even more. And so we can identify them and eliminate the bad ones easily. And wipe them out. And they should just lay down and die. And let us do what we want. Right. And just defense or fake. He said, hey, let's talk about that. The ground from our soccer line. Yeah. Just shut up and grow up. I mean, no, no, Edward. John Edwards. No, no, it was a ground from our soccer line. No, grandma. Graham. That North Carolina, Edward. Graham is from. There's a senator Graham. Yeah, he's on. He's on. All right. I must have missed that one. Right. He was on that just before the event or came on that. But he fakes things with sand. That listen, just grow up. We are in battles in their country. And these people are trying to survive. And fight. And basically, the finner country, whether we agree with them or not. Exactly. They're trying to stay alive. I realize it's quite a, you know, quite a concept of the trying to stay alive. Yeah, we should just, they should just roll over and die. Lay down. Now you got it. I can roll over. I will throw flowers. Yeah. And candy. And the, I think about the Bosere about to be uprising. Didn't happen. Right. Didn't happen. If you turn on a CBC, didn't happen. BBC said the same thing. I guess what was no uprising. And they were reporting that for two or three days. And you notice, I can't wonder, well, how come we don't have any more about that? You know, well, what's the deal? Didn't happen. Like the government in disarray. Oh, remember that? Yeah, about the fact that they're ready. All these negotiations that were going on with a high level of officials. And it was just a matter of moments before they were going to like surrender and turn over Saddam and Yadi, Yadi, Yadi, Hanas to kiss to the cave, didn't happen. I mean, I wish it would be over like in about five minutes would be good. How many minutes? Well, at least. About thirty minutes. Not too long. I don't have the appetite for that anymore. But now they're saying it could last for months. Office who say work for the last months, this is from the Washington Post who are very by the way, a hawkish and gung-ho for the war. In spite of their liberal reputation, despite the rapid advance of Army and Marine forces across America over the past week, this is in today's Washington Post. Some senior U.S. military officers are out convinced that the war's like the last four months. And will require considerably more combat power than is now on hand there in in Kuwait. Senior Defense officials say yesterday. Combination of right and right to whether all of the weather's better today. Look out. Long and insecure supply lines in the enemy that's refused to be supplying in the faith. And I see there is the line we were just talking about. How dare the enemy that has refused to be supplying in other words, roll over and play did in the face of American military might has led to a broad reassessment by some top generals of U.S. military expectations in timelines. Some of them see even a potential threat of a drawn out fight that sucks in more and more U.S. forces. But dare you! And it sucks all right. Both on the battlefield and in Iraq and a Pentagon conference room's military commanders were talking yesterday about a longer, harder war than it expected just a week ago. The official said, That's what Dixie Normus told Clarence. Longer and harder than he expected. You know, this hot clarinet wasn't such a good mood this morning. He might have got some. Brack them for that Dixie. Fact he was singing Dixie on a way out here. 567. 056. Pound 560 on a 8. I told you about him a long time ago, didn't I? I believe me. Trust me. He puts on a good act. But it gone. 567. 056. Pound 560 on a AT&T. L. L. We've got 100 and some votes. BBC with 20 votes in the course of anybody here could see the CBC which has six votes. But if people here, I mean, it must be your Canadian. Or maybe some people saw that on C-Span, the CBC coverage. Like he said. Do you think? No, I could be. I mean, it's like you're watching two different events in the world. Two different wars. In fact, there would be a good bit for bulk of Brian to the two different worlds. Two different wars. We're watching two different, you know what I'm saying? Right. I can just hear that now already. He's on it. Drugs. Mushrooms. Two Christian organizations ready to convert the Iraqi. Is there a go? Yeah. Yeah. Everywhere we go, we got to convert those. We'd saved investors. That's right, put away those flying carpets. And get with the Lord. Two leading evangelical Christian missionary organizations say they have teams of workers poised to enter Iraq to address the physical and spiritual needs of a large Muslim population. These sudden, back-disc convention, the country's largest Protestant denomination and the Reverend Franklin Graham's Samiritan's Purse. Now this Reverend carries a Purse. Say workers are near the Iraq border in Jordan ready to go in as soon as it's safe. You're in ready to go in as soon as it's safe. Call him and that's safe. The Relief and Missionary work is certain to be closely watched because both Graham and the Southern Baptist Convention have been at the heart of controversial evangelical donations of Islam, the world's second largest religion. In other words, they've said, you're heathed, but you're going to rot and hell. So get with it. Get with Jesus. Both organizations say their priority will be to provide food shelter and other needs to Iraqis ravaged by recent warriors of the Black Bought. The situation presents itself. They will also share their Christian faith in the country that's estimated to be 98% Muslim and about 1% Christian. So it's a great opportunity for the Graham baby. Good for business. You've packed your home. Do you think people I think are going to convert? But third man, my life and more. This is or 2056. You're way too way. Yeah. Get off this instant. Why do you want to be so mad? I don't want to run away. Don't run away. We ran a fool here. I think we're getting a creep done. It's pool. Fox News, all of a sudden, very mysteriously just shot up to the top. Which of these do things give you the best work coverage? Fox News 24. Do we believe that? Nope. BBC 22. I mean, even not innocuous pool like this. Those crazy those rabbit-right wingers. Oh, we got to get in there or free fit. Let's free fit. These are crazy people. Like that. They're nuts. What difference is it make? It's not going to change anything. Oh, it's bigger. Everybody in this audience knows about what the fascist news network is. They know that it's all spin all day. I'll propaganda. Even little more so than the other ones are doing now. BBC 22. Don't know. Don't watch any of it. 20. The internet. BBC 17, CNN 16. I sure hope. Oh, and guess what? After I did that skating attack on Aaron Brown and his pasty red, the Muscret wig. All of a sudden, the red wig turned black the next night. Huh. That turned black. He must have hard-winding Reagan's shoe polish. He must have had some leftover kiwi. You think? Or some hair? I die. He's dying it over there. Let's see. The hunches idiotic whimpering, simpleing, Aaron Brown. Let's see. And now see. Somebody faxes this. There was. And CBC news world international channel 3606 direct TV. And I flip on 3606 here on our direct TV. And then they come in because we're not paying for it. Oh, what until does we are paying for it? We're just not getting it. Well, but how many years has that been going on here now? See, that's just total incompetence on a part of middle-level management here. We're very in and coming in the middle of the show and disrupting what's going on here. But when it comes to here, we are in the middle of a goddamn war. Okay? It's not bad enough that nobody with a brain is going to be listening to us if they want to know what's going on in the world of stuff during this show. That's not bad enough. But you think that at least they'd provide us with some stuff. You know, we don't even have a goddamn news wire in spite of Clarence's promises months and months and months ago. Remember that crap? Or we're getting an AP News wire. It's something like that. Yeah. Sure we are. And you're going to get laid too, Clarence. Right. In fact, that's our pull question tomorrow. What's going to happen first? We're going to have access to every channel in the world. An AP News wire and all the other good stuff. Or, Clarence is going to get laid. Is there any doubt? No. No. It's not all CBC news all the time. It's been showing a lot of the Iraq coverage during there. Well, thank you very much. But unfortunately, we don't have that here because we work for a bunch of cheap fastings here. We don't want to support you. They don't want to provide anything for us. And these people, wow. You know, when you're out of town, you're out of touch, bull crap. But I'm out of town. I'm in touch with everything. I got the CBC and the BBC. I give you that city pulse up. I think about the shock and all. We were hours ahead of most everybody else, or at least now, anyway. At least a few minutes. Fuck, third man. Yeah, I heard of everybody else. And when you're here, you're stuck with a, you know, the great resources of a measly broadcasting. This is a bunch of old broken down crap. 162 votes on here and they fast people are freeping. So we better get our own people to start feedback. We'll have a war on this. How about our feet to pull, feet to pull? I can just see those people sitting around in their underwear. Surfing the internet, looking at pictures of 10 year old girls and boys. I can just see them now. You're the type. Let's go with just called again. Gilbert is still calling. Yep. On the air, too. And why isn't this place doing anything about it? Oh, that's right. I forgot. Phone does that work. The cable where it's sad. Phone doesn't work. The satellite, our direct TV is a piece of crap. We're not getting the things that we're paying for. The computer right here that I bought years ago is like broken down. And old, I'm going to have to fork into my own pocket. And then what's your, which I can afford it? But it's pretty pretty embarrassing when you work for a company. You got to do it yourself studio, including the, and we wouldn't even have the TV set if it wasn't for a Jeff Cohen, the TV and the VCR up there. And the satellite, if it wasn't for those nice people at that, that's a world satellite. Digital world satellite five years ago. I'll tell you one thing, boy, this place is sure provided us with a lot of crap. Mostly crap. That's all they dish out is crap. Although I saw the billboards this morning coming to work on the turn pack, saw my billboard, the one that says, Oh, good. A nice likeness of me. And then I also a little bit of the Hershey Highway. They're almost back to back, almost teaked to cheap. Back to him, there was Mo. It said Howard David, WQM said, and very small letters too, you know. Oh, and speaking of Mo, you'll notice, see, we're not petty like him. If you go on our website, are they still on their the billboards? If you go on our website, you'll notice where it says, we're a billboard intensive now, finally, et cetera, and so on. We have all the billboards on it. They're one for managed, one for Hank, the one for, we have balls for Donachalela. And the one for a Mo and in my five, my peer. They're all on there. We're not petty here, unlike certain other people on a radio station. We only want to promote their own thing. They're own bank. Well, the only reason they're owned is that. The only reason the Mo is on there because that's Carlos Hove address. Under that overpad. Under that billboard. Yeah. And who bought you the latter? Diana Tapebom, Shell Charles's gay. Oh, this according to the National Enquirer. Ready for that? What have I been telling you for a long time about the reason Tony Blair is involved with the bushmys through in this war? David and I said he's got to make it pictures of Prince Charles and a Butler. They're both gay according to a certain sources. Secret Diaries could kill his dream of being king, but of course he could always be. Queen. Prince Charlie for those big years. All the back, can you just imagine all the better to hold on to? Hold on to those ears, what are you talking about? Oh, I hear the real family is in a rears on some of their obligations. Prince Charles's gay exclamation points is the inquire. Princess Diana made that explosive accusation in bombshell video tapes you recorded as her loveless marriage crumbled and the secret Diaries could spell the end of Charles's dream of becoming king. On the tapes he talks about catching or husband and his personal servant Michael Fossett in one of Charles' private bedrooms saying, they looked uncomfortable and uneasy. Maybe it was a bad fit. He's too close to Fossett, a disrupt. Di confesses the camera rolled, Charles confides more and Fossett than he does in me. The whole situation is completely impossible if you'll completely isolated she's hit. What can you do when your husband is in unhealthy relationship with a servant? With his man child. Brandon and arrogant snob who bullies Junior stamp of Fons over Charles, Fossett is so close to the prince that he literally, oh, when you hear this, you will just crap your pantaloonies. Fossett is so close to the prince that he literally squeezes the toothpaste on the real toothbrush forum and once held the bottle when Charles had to supply a urine sample for a doctor's exam. I want you to get in your mind. No, yes, no. He squeezes the toothpaste on the real toothbrush for the prince for Bonnie Prince Charlie. Don't call him Bonnie. And once held the bottle when Charles had to supply a urine sample for the... Scortscort. Doctors exam. The whole situation. The whole situation. Oh man. It sounds real. What did I tell you about all the queens at Bucketham Palace, man? There's not just one. I'd say there's... But third man? Yeah, at least. Nine minutes past ten and five, 60, WDQ and we got those trans were arbitrends, ratings, numbers, all kinds of good stuff to talk about. 1130, which will kill some good time. Since this audience is kind of like, come see come saw. I'll take some calls when I get around, which is relaxed, they're hang on. We'll get to you. Or not. They're still freezing with our pole, by the way. They're still dicking with it. You're not fooling anybody. As a matter of fact, you know what I'm going to do? I'm going to... Eric, if you're listening, take Fox News off. Just take it off. That a good idea? That'll learn them. Yeah, that'll... Seriously, if you want a free bar pole and it becomes obvious and apparent as this, we'll just take whatever choice you like off the pole. And you can go free somebody else's pole. We're not going to dick around with you asshole. Would you paranoid delusion to loom takes an underwear? Oh, by the way, guiding light is on delayed. Well, it's too late now, Danny. What else is there? Although she comes around at the end of the show, because this is the one yesterday to head on Canada. Not only do they have it on tape to lay on channel for here, but it's the previous day's show. Just like passions. The previous day's show. And today's the day that what's his name finds out that the Allen Spalding is really his father, not the... what's his name? What's his name? Santos. Jose Santos. 10 past 10 at 5. 60 WQM. If you want to get yourself a bed, there's a smart way to do it. And that is not. Getting into your car or pickup truck and slip it all over town to bedding in apartments to look into get ripped off. Just make one easy call over a million people of bottom actress this smart way including me from Dalamatris. And hundreds more smart folks are doing their way. You want to be smart. Get you a great new name brand mattress on beatable price on beatable delivery deal by calling 1-800-MATT-RES. Right now you'll have a great night's sleep for months and years to come. It's the easiest thing in the world. Just one easy call, 1-800-MATRIS. They got the best-seally service Simmons King Coral, their resizing style. And Dalamatris is right number one in the world in customer satisfaction and they got more repeat and referral customers than anybody else because they know how to treat your right and give you unbeatable deals. Once you buy your mattress and Dalamatris you'll never guarantee it go back and waste time and money and a sure or again. And don't forget when you do buy your mattress and Dalamatris they set up the new one and take away that crappy old, crushed, crummy old bedding for free. That's right, Dalamatris sets up the new, takes away the old bedding for free. So make the call now because every night if you get a good night's sleep you wake up at morning feeling refreshed like a real human being. If you want a great night's sleep for years to come call 1-800-MATRIS, 1-800-MATT-RES for Dalamatris, the easiest, the smartest way to get to a great new name brand bit. My life and love all this is sports radio high 62. You way away, yeah. David's a bit. This is great. Fox TV breaks new ground as a follow-up to the smash head, Mary by America. Fox presents a show with even more on the line. These three alkyte operatives will tell you about themselves. They'll admit past transgressions. They'll introduce you to their families. Then after several weeks, you picked a lucky terrorist that will be maimed by America. Let's meet a couple of the contestants right now. And all my name is Tony. I've been told over the word. I'm a most recently. I had a condo in his love about. Before that, I lived in Paso, New Jersey. I enjoy making my own exponent shoelaces and developing weapons of mass destruction in my own garage. Terrorist number two. First off, I resent the use of the word terrorist. I am a freedom fighter. There you are. My name is Khalib Shakyaburi. I live in my car under the Golden Gate Bridge with my nine untraceable cell phones. In my spare time, I enjoy sending anonymous threatening letters to congressmen. And I play Buddha around me in the Toronto players production of cats. They're at Khalib Shakyaburi. I think we've heard enough. Wait a minute. What about the other guy? I don't think there's any need to continue. You are going to be maimed by America. Now when you say maimed, then what's that all about? Do I do I recover from this? Not so much. Not even after a lengthy hospital stay. Not so much. You're just real a foot. Who can you still walk off? Yeah. Yeah. I live in pretty good. I've lost a lot of blood. But I'm okay. You see, y'all being the other foot. Can you walk? I'm a whole thing you've been maimed by America. Who's praying? I'm a whole thing. I see the more things change the more they do the same. I see that Tim Pots is still factoring. But he crosses out. Yeah. His phone number on her and he doesn't put the name. But it's still the same by Tim Pots. Okay. Leave us along Tim. Your brother and us. Big time. Haven't seen any scrolling from a little jury by the way. Oh, he must know. Huh? He must know I'm back. Why have you been getting it on a regular basis? Not lately. Now see, he probably gave up. Oh, gee. Hope we didn't chase a little jury away. And how come we don't have those promos for all these appearances you've got today? We tell you you got two appearances today. I know. That's why I said that with this relax. Jesus. Look at how many appearances you've got today? Bob, turn the man. Yeah. Gonna be a busy beaver. I'll tell you that. Hmm. George will be out today after the show two to four. The dovey hotel, mommy Beach for the lifestyles convention try to get laid again. Stop by for all the festivities. It's a couple's only event. What does that mean? Then there was you want a bunch of old queens hanging around. Is that what that means? Oh, get that away from me. I don't want to see that. Anyway, then if you didn't get laid there from five to seven o'clocking. Stuff by a vast pro outlet located up on 95 Griffin Road. Spin that QAM wheel for QAM prizes. Including a heat and cane stick. It's what your course nobody wants. Cains to get out. We still got the cans out of station. How's Donashalella doing? Billboards still up, right? The billboard better still be up. But all those logos on including you of him. Freaking Donashalella who you kid and by the way, Donna. Just in case you might be listening to the show this morning. All right, Kate. Yeah, that's for you sweetheart. We got balls. You don't. In fact, we should add that, you know what? We should put that on the billboard. We've got balls and then big print on the bottom and big bull print. And he with him doesn't. Allowed Donna, I'm out to share about her. Fine. In fact, I got a pretty good idea. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Town 5, 60 on it. And your how many balls she's got? About 30 man. Anyway, let's take a call or two because they're, you know, they're getting in patient. Here's Pompano. Hello. Morning, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, before I get a couple of more comments. Did you happen to see the movie to stress? Did you happen to see the movie to stress? Did you happen to stress the stranger beside me? Yes. Yes. Did you happen to see the stranger beside me with, uh, it was like last week and rules book was made at the movie. Yeah, but it was in the new movie. Was that in the old movie? No, no, it was. It was. It was just half week. We're kind of okay. Well, I didn't see that one. Maybe I read the book because I read the book. I read the book on your recommendation of years. Right. Excellent. I did not see that. And actually it's not. All of them is TV at the Y to do the old search, but you were going to say, tomorrow at three and Friday night at one and a 1 a.m. Saturday morning. I guess, uh, on the US day, now we'll go check it out. That is kind of a mini version of, uh, to deliver stranger. That was made way back when we were in a, I know, like, way to face harmony. But uh, pretty bizarre story. I mean the book, you know, could just kind of brought back memories of the book because it's probably been about 10 years since I read the book. Are you with those? By the way, if anybody who wonders head bun, he still dead! I have a news. you talk a lot about the thought he has that I can never bring myself the mission to rush or even ran to you on the other side I've never heard I've ever heard Mike Savage at night the savage nation I wouldn't watch him if they paid me $5,000 a second I don't even know he's not TV as well yeah I didn't they the MSNBC out of their desperation catch up with fox and all the right winners which isn't going to work other desperation they put on that the Joe Scarborough guy that right winged from a congressman and I also Michael savagely the night and if I see either of course on my screen I've said automatically go someplace else you are correct I mean I'll flip around the dial it night and half the time is nothing I've obtained games or he games I've been out of a FFL because it comes in so clear that that's why CNN during the war is you know so rapidly a pro of war and so right wing and hawkish is because they're also trying to look out right wing fox this guy saying that that for army you that that that unit that we had that made the wrong turn the other day well it was sabotage from within just like this month of the guy that now shot it down in the guys is bizarre to get the owner of the logey like most right wingers pernoi and you know what I'm understand too I why people would be upset you touched on it earlier the rules of war what rules of war rules it no get a right to rules of engagement ah guy that's like the same thing they have a lot in buy a nice ring with a big diamond in it you know as much as it's disgusting first of all that wrote in the first place what do you expect I mean you're dealing with a bunch of barbarians look like there are two two expressions that's one of rules of engagement and what's the other one we heard before oh for a friendly fire friendly fire there are no accidents it's just friendly fire oops we kill the wrong people and for people to be a poll that this surprise you're a poll that they do things are happening over the other in mind that you know what's the George W in the back room talking what is my hearing about this and put the door you know I can't believe this is happening he knows yeah thanks a great day pal good luck to us okay 80 minute open lines here today this is very this of course George was on yesterday five why doesn't must add a lot of calls yesterday because we do an movie thing doing screenless so yeah yeah five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Marlos line amazingly that Fox News Network disappeared from our poll those freefers are having an respect on if see if this computer wasn't so screwed up I would go to free republic dot com during a break which I'll do no no no no no no that's so you're actually free get back huh the show will be over but so because the computer was so screwed up and sold an ancient probably almost as old as a George himself but third man because of that it would just take me too long and we don't have the time but rather than wasting our time with that all we got to do is just eliminate which we did nice going Eric which of these do you think is giving the best work coverage don't know not watching any of it 32 BBC 29 MSNBC 28 the internet 26 CNN 22 CBC 14 A NBC 10 ABC 5 and poor Dan man poor Dan rather in CBS only got three votes wow three votes for CBS and I would agree with that they're doing a pretty piss poor job they're most of the time I got like Dan sitting in the studio alone emoting getting very disbanded and depressed and there are people dying and he's got that really pasty look on his post and not really doing an awful lot got a great column from the globe and mail from yesterday no sorry like ripped it out right on a airplane how bush kicked the ex-blooded out of the Geneva conventions he said the people who mistreat the prisoners will be treated as work criminals so says George W. Bush and so they should be rights Paul Knox that video footage of US soldiers being subjected to a humiliating public display and harsh interrogation possibly after beatings was disgusting Iraq he soldier should respect long standing norms for treatment of prisoners of war even though we know better than to expect the same from Saddam Hussein but nothing George Bush says on the subject that Geneva conventions and international legal standards is likely to convince anybody he is unleashed the greatest onslaught against international law of any US president living memory he has torn up arms control agreements and worked as a work to sabotage the international criminal court in his campaign against terrorism he is not only flouted the venerable Geneva courts but sought to deny suspects the benefits of the law as he is whole assworned to uphold extensive US press reports challenged only by the most in the most general terms by the Bush administration have revealed that US interrogators are using borderline torture techniques against suspected terrorists the toughest methods are used at Vagram Air Force Base in Afghanistan and on the Indian Ocean Island of the Agroversia their stress and direct tactics include sleep deprivation questioning under pain and subjecting the subjects to extremes of cold and heat more disturbingly US officials acknowledged that some terrorist aspects of internal over the country such as Pakistan and Jordan which Washington's own annual human rights reports accuse of practicing torture we don't kick the explodivative and the Schmidt one official told the Washington Post we send to other countries so they can kick the Schmidt out of them this despite the fact that the US is a party along with 131 other countries to the 1987 convention against torture mr. Bush insist on calling his counter terrorism campaign a war yet the hundreds of prisoners write it up since September 2001 are not accorded the status of prisoners of war in the Geneva conventions hundreds of inhaled in cognito and without charge for more than a year the US government says they are unlawful combatants subject to no laws whatsoever because they're neither US citizens nor held on US soil it says it can hold them for as long as it wants with no access to lawyers who do just oversight shamefully US courts appear to agree next time you see a video of captive US troops in Iraq spirit thought for the 18 act against released this month from the US prison camp at Guantanamo Bay Cuba they showed up yesterday in Kabul cleared for what it's worth of suspicion one of them saliman Shah told agents France press that he'd been picked up in North and Afghanistan by forces of the savage warlord abdel rashi dustum he said it was tortured and kept for days without food before being turned over to US forces eventually spending 18 months and a two meters square cellic guantanamo mr. Shah said he had no connection to former Taliban regime or al-Qaeda and apparently as US interrogators eventually came to believe him another prisoner identified only as bismillah spent more than a year at Guantanamo his crime was failing to answer when asked by US interrogators in Afghanistan about the location of Taliban units he's deaf he said he couldn't understand them the treatment of terrorism suspects falls for sure follow short of the standards mr. bush once others to uphold here is the commitment of the United States should make we pledge to one of our obligations as a party that they dream the conventions and the international convention against torture suspected terrorists captured by US forces or uh or agents outside US territory will henceforth be treated either as prisoners of war of the Geneva conventions or in accordance with laws and judicial precedence of the US employees of the US government members of its armed forces expressly prohibited from engaging in torture condoning torture or act reusing in the application of torture suspected terrorists and prisoners of war will only be transferred to the custody of other countries on condition they are not tortured the US will closely monitor their conditions of the tension to ensure the torture is not used if mr. bush could bring himself to say that in public his case against the Iraqis would be far more compelling word poll not in yesterday's global mail for what it's worth as buffalo springfield would say 567560 there's something with a sponi you know it like there's almost nobody on it uh my fault what do you mean by that i was on yesterday you had a million calls yesterday well they were real they don't want to talk to me then i want to like have any minute or two talk to me they wanted to say 190 votes on a pool mr. bc is now moved to the front which uh is also bogus you know what i think what we'll do is what but the end of the show the pool will be blank right that's a good idea we'll just keep taking names off of their we can just put a bunch of dots nothing next yeah that's not a bad idea now don't take it off of their yet though i recall kick give my fighting chance and mr. bc nothing needs they need help lot of help very well in fact just even triathlete hold new audience to MSNBC but third man funny seven after nine a ten at five sixty wc just an hour away from those big numbers man there gonna be dreadful deadly if you got two thousand dollars more on a credit card if so then listen to this debit kidding consumer counseling will help you and it'll cost you nothing that's right it costs you zero debit kidding is a non-profit company's a little contact the company's you will want to do and they'll cut your payments in half call one eight hundred four no debt that's one eight hundred number four and letters and o d e b t and debit cater will help you catch your interest rate limited late fees and save your credit will cost you nothing the bank pays debicated in you pay nothing so if you're tired of battling credit card debt called debit kated and one eight hundred four no debt call and find out how debicated can help you you got nothing lose if you've got real problems with credit card debt high interest rates and late fees you've just had it called debicated consumer counseling and they'll be handling it for you from there call right now tool free one eight hundred four no debt and don't forget it costs you nothing the youngest two young on the next crocodile hunter the one the protect us yeah the one the protect us yeah broyki you smell that it's a right winged heart the brooch of kami oh there are strange lot they have the ability of speech but their brain span is much too small to answer a question they only talk over you with three programs soundpoints that's all people's protest is all people's protest there's a fact one sitting in front of its TV the photo that is required for the photo that is required for the watch this day back at nine eleven times i've had the nine eleven then why do terrorists come from solar Arabia but i'm gonna ask you this what no i want to know i bushlet the beladians escape and why they don't know that any good on the back of summer and how can you support and what the number of countries of the country of the country of the country of the friends you see all the fact that they're a camp what a real fact America what it's bloody scarring what's wrong what's wrong what that's denied on animal planet ten thirty two i'm really pissed off christenitis Thursday obviously i thought that ABC would have the hot couples contest and again or whatever that was not a couple so it was named that show who's hot uh yet are you hot are you are you hot are you hot no could use a couple degrees crack it down a little bit but anyway so they got some guy in figure skating crap on tonight maybe that's because how are the sub-embers and maybe that's just not going to be on for i'm a good single because how it's berms to be it's all the runs as far and speaking of how it's burned by the way uh that fact's a game right at the end of the show on Tuesday that really frost my ass about how it's burned was sucking up to the bush people in this war uh i mean here is a guy those are the very people that have been trying to get his ass off the year for years yeah but no he's a millionaire no but that's not the point i mean have some balls what he's got nothing to lose he can afford to do it have some balls like us here at qm we got balls donna and he he'd like just goose steps in line because it's the safe thing to do i but he doesn't even really believe it i i can't for a minute believe that he believes that this is uh makes any sense conflicted in crossbrings says if they're watching the periodic feed of the cbc on c-span i do not share your view that the cbc is unbiased the attitude of the cbc covered seems to be cynical and very critical no i don't agree with that at all because of the fact that not goose stepping along that doesn't make it unbiased you just don't like the fact that they're not uh you know they're not falling in the line they're given both sides they're not just given one side they give all sides it says it's sort of like looking at fast news in reverse no i don't think so this war in the peoples of pincers of it seem to be more of a referendum on George bush then rather an opinion of the war itself why i just gonna say the peoples opinions of the war seemed to be more of a referendum on George bush with all of its false taken into account the most unbiased coverage of the war seems to be the bbc worldwide which is available 24 hours on xm radio anyways Gregory pxt said it David nevin and the guns of the role and we're up to this uh into our next and there's no going back now i'm sorry i've been watching cbc heavy duty now for weeks and for a week now since the war started and believe you me when i tell you i've had there's no way that it's like fox news on the other side it's not biased it's just the fact there's a lot of stuff in there that's critical of the way this is being covered embedded my ass let me say again embedded journalists my ass cheerleaders is what we're talking about cheerleaders who also by the way are in dangerous positions putting their lives online here's a call for my amy hello hey dear welcome back yes sir uh yet sick are you pardon we got sick yesterday half and half yeah half has half sick and half traveling is that eight kicking in oh yeah good one five six seven oh five sixty that's a bed then don't don't even waste your time why are you wasting your time we just got these fixed i don't care what they i don't want to watch that while i'm here i don't want to see that address me up the wall not going to get on the air it's the same old tired crap and the who gives a crap twenty six years plus later and it's still the same thing they got and we got two calls on the board you know i think we have until the numbers come out we'll just place a music and talk about we'll talk about my purple skin since he's just a word about my health you know this asshole so seriously here we got those doctors over i don't want to say Cleveland clinic put me on platvic's an aspirin you know it's like uh it's like a little bit overkill now all of a sudden i'm like you you hit something you touch something and your skin is turning purple you're bruising like uh just brushing by the door and all of a sudden you got bruises and you got purple purple haze and i look it up on the internet and it says yeah all of this bruising too much of that too much blood to the man too much blood to the so that every time i put a little prick on my finger so to speak to take my blood sugar it's spurt now all over the part score score score give a put a little prick on your finger and watch it scored all over the place oh geez let's see it says you could add NPR well NPR is not uh i'm not putting NPR in there should we yeah let's replace fox news with NPR there you go that's what i'm listening to i was thinking more of a visual thing myself out of radio but and he's a let's put NPR in there right somehow i didn't seem to me you can follow a war real well only with audio but it says they even spoke to what Lebanese journalist you that they definitely a different viewpoint can't stand any of the team and that were says EL okay thank you EL put it on their group high spots right way news NPR here's one oh yeah Mike uh the watch in spice channel religiously nice go on Mike also a fact that says inquiring minds want to know did they find a date for the beast yesterday on Hank show also did you hear the day before mad dog talking about the beast wearing pants and no drawers and got a stain on the back of his pants way to take them off in washroom that's the beast that's the bad right when you think so that's somebody else but not the beast why don't make a big impression on his first date so it sounds like the day you wait all the ice cream and crap all over yourself you have any and you do have some great craps stories like the one where you fall off the toilet hope you feel better not exactly i got like purple purple skin not at the moment and hopefully not any more since i stopped taking the aspirinism today how long the stuff like that stain your system a few days i would assume is there something with this uh something very strange with these phones here's plantation hello plantation going once going twice here's Miami hello yeah I think the ocean beyond the list is i i look to have a oh i think that's about a ton bias you got two on i had two of mine at the same time go now he dropped off okay i'm sorry go ahead yeah yeah maybe we could have no new format we could have like three or four people on the same time i like that that was good yeah i'm listening so speak to me speak to me you're on i know you're on but he don't know he's on oh my god what a little okay that takes care of the calls for the day i'm going back i'm getting on the next plane to go right back but the good news is rapery came in a good news for a Miguel who's rebriting that promo because he didn't like it or something but your appearances here's my Marlins tickets oh let's give away to Marlins tickets on here that'll make the lines light up who wants tickets for opening day anybody out there Marlins open in day tickets five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T horizon wireless line what a sad response this is man this is a sad route awakening and nobody calling in to tell me about the the the the the plavics and yeah about my health to try to save my life here on a radio this is an important part of this god damn show when you get to be a dottering old fart like me is trying to like save how the old man's life on the air what what's the disease do you sure what's the illness this week huh which part of the body is falling off which gangrene is part of that old the king body is like uh coming on glued this week all of you both purple legs purple hands purple uh you name it oh we got that blue hands by uh guitar man we got blue hands five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T just check and I got the answer already checking one you never said you were given tickets away did you put the people on hold okay don't be asking any code you just put them on there we'll see what they want okay I said is anybody want to go to the opening day at Marlins uh the Marlin game that's what I said okay and that what I said anybody want to go to Marlins opener twenty till eleven at five sixty W2 hands shooting up all over the place that was beautiful you know you should be happy what I got them check you got Mr. Hotchot a little beiner boy don't be pushing your luck too far I can stop paying it on that before you can know fart but go ahead and give it a shot anyway pay George back hey if you try to have an at big ugly ball spot mo you know we have to send motor Charles Alfiery wouldn't that be a good idea now wouldn't wish that unturly we sure could make him look a lot there maybe we could send air in brown air wouldn't wish that on a meter Charlie couldn't take all the whining Charlie's got the best technology in the business the natural hairline system so if you need a little bit of hair or a lot more hair maybe you got a big oozing grow test balls like bokeh Brian this is the guy you want to talk to not some dangerous pills that will make you sick and maybe kill you not some dead farm animal on the top of your head that people laughed their ass off looking at you and try to feed it at the same time Charlie for over 25 years is making guys look great with their natural hairline system because it looks and feels like the real thing like real hair like it's going out of your scalp and you have nothing lose but the ugly balls but because everybody who goes to Charles Alfiery gets that 30 day guarantee if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells Charlie gives you full refund no problems imagine you're Rogers when you call you get next to a tour box off the regular price when you call the Alfiery Studios toll free 1-800-321-2413 get your hair back low better and younger than you thought you could again 1-800-321-2413 or check them on on the web at Charlesoffiery.com we're sports video 5-6-4 you way yeah have a penis coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story we take a good hard stiff look in the start she took the inspiration for music from the way she filled about life and that's what gave us that happy go lucky styleings of at Benetard why don't you hit it with your face yeah oh my goodness yes one has to draw from life doesn't one hit me with your best shot was about this vicious bastard I've had a deserve to be castrated oh that minute jar was clearly on a mission to bring light into our lives through the positive upbeat sentiments in her songs oh yes heartbreaker that was my way of giving the big you'd all man the lying little fags then at our store grommies for best rock female vocal seemed to indicate that America was also infatuated with a gleeful wondrous take on life well certainly love is a battlefield honestly I wonder why anyone bothers is it really worth it just to have a little ride on the baloney pony I fucking well think not finally had turned to a during gaze from male female relationships to the joyous life affirming subject of child abuse well the scars do go back to childhood don't they it's all a file of usually like isn't it oh dear yes at minute are she was the feel good artist of the eighties stopping what look at show business tonight on inside the behind now who told you that people are off here where did you get that from a collar color said we're off here until after getting the might as well be with us in credible response here today five six seven five sixty pound five sixty only eighteen t i got some bad news are you hot is not once you that no more cancel poor ratings have killed off two of ABC's highly publicized unscripted series are you hot the search for America's sexiest people which has been off the earth last weeks because of war coverage will show both of its any finals and finals April fifth the network is also yanked profiles from the front line the real-life military series from producer Jerry Brookheimer the chronicle US soldiers fighting in Afghanistan last year that shows life broadcast was March 11 bad ratings they said poor ratings i think they are cancel they are you hot thing because of the Howard lawsuit don't you and Lorenzo and Lorenzo it's something to do with it no doubt those yellow glasses there you go you get a meanwhile foxes Tuesday night remains strong with the market idle during almost twenty million viewers and twenty four the espionage lays drama the return after three week high this attracted more than twelve million viewers on fox there you go boys and girls they find a good hot show on here with the hands with some pretty decent looking people and nobody wants to watch well that's America for you here's Miami hello yeah yeah sir yeah you should be a Miami now top of the home okay um this one was you know m pr probably the most non-violet what i listen to when i'm driving around the country and uh it was like yesterday with the when the idiot was over there in the village or it's me they didn't say no i'm fed anything about the process without front for these looking to back door yeah but you know that's just part with everything and uh i had a radio accident yesterday up in Atlanta where i accidentally listened to um what's the thing which is on what if i'm the zone yeah that is the one thing oh Brian or what's the same kind of that television all about because it is a solid independent Conan oh Brian no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no you little bit more Riley oh Riley you know you talk about the no spins on you i know he's all spin all day like the rest of fox all spin all day first thing i have a five minute accident with him where and i don't listen to these right wing jack-a-a yeah use my plan should i first follow her i caught the answer was that all the other news are pointing and any other country must be at its face is wrong they don't they don't tell you the truth we're the only one thumbs right and then the second following what's going to say listen uh didn't they love stud missiles at uh at collates i think consider what is the last destruction and he's like oh yeah they are or how can we have it noop them you know i think they should do that right away first of all let me say this they haven't lot any skud missiles they have used zero skud there's another piece of miss reporting by the way the iraki's have used no skud missiles in this war so far none zero and i love that they're not allowed to have self defense weapon right of course not to supposed to roll over and play dead don't you get it but all the weapons that were in vain you were gonna kill you let's cut the coordinates and lay down your arms let's get that one up okay thanks five six seven oh five sixty let's do the lady in hollywood hello yes ma'am i knew how are you okay i love your show by the way i really don't have too much to say but i'd like to be considered for the marlins ticket see why i put her on right away George you'd like to be considered what for the marlins ticket for what for you like to be considered a free loader no no i pay when i when i want to go you realize that this is my first day they back in town i'm sick as a dog i may die by the end of the week and this is this is south florist welcome back kneel well can you give me some free goddamn tickets you the only woman i've had that we've been on here for two hours and you're the first woman i've got and you're snoring for freebies okay you know i call over time but you kind of intimidate me so i hang up once in a while yeah well now it's my turn i as soon as i saw lady in hollywood i knew she wouldn't have anything to say she didn't call to talk to me i hit something about free ticket i i got something free for yani there you go in fact i'll give you two for one there's another one two for the press and none freebies give me a freaking break okay i mean this town it could be drop a nuclear weapons on homestead and it would be the same old i'd be sitting here pumping a goddamn numbers begging for somebody to say something could i have some free tickets for the war could i have some free tickets to watch the mushroom cloud i got a mushroom for yani only you're not getting it five six seven oh five sixty you know so i'll call the head about the approval of the bruises in the skin and all that stuff that's important stuff we had to have one of our detail people calling it right away about taking plavis and aspirin and Tylenol and all these other things my life could be on the line i'm sitting here with some bitch that's calling and begging me for free tickets how do you like that got me gul and we're in hell is the promo that was supposed to have you know he's not gonna get any goddamn marlin tickets he's busy hockin a child again with Carlos papaya i got three specs in there now i got a spikfest going on i'm going back to Toronto i'd rather die up there you know seriously got three specs in a papaya papaya papaya matikon that come papaya papaya papaya but but on you know a sample crap i can read lips George will be out today i thought who is that which is just like George to me see no wonder you're retept as you still did a bad job big well and speaking of a girl how come a girl on passions has been in a hospital room there for last three days with his hands deep in his pockets feeling the change uh feeling a few pesos the good news is finally on passions today you'll see finally they kicked them out of there because they have a bigger or explosion all these people all these burn victims have to be brought in so he passed leave the house again and TJ get whatever his name is TC LCTC it's all been out of shape and this is ready to move right in but the good news is that Antonio and Sheridan and Luis and everybody has to leave so they all go home and for the eight million time Luis and Sheridan are just under verge of telling Antonio but that won't happen this year trust me when i tell you George today will after the show will be from two to four the dobel hotel my mbc for the lifestyles convention stop by for all the festivities it's a couple's only event if you're horny if you look pretty good go buy me jewelry give you a little feel then find a seven stop by at bass pro outlet up on any five and women spin the wheel for qm prizes including heat and cane stickets uh you're gonna be there too yeah wow busy day for little George here's uh my me hello yes sir are you doing okay i got a little news for these bush lickers yeah we find no chemical weapons or no weapons or mass destruction well they'll be in a apology to the Iraqi government or i did just want to say we just had to get them out so were there to liberate the Iraqi people don't you understand that they don't want it there anymore I understand that but that's gonna be what they're gonna say we're there to liberate the Iraqi people in other words it's kind of like a multiple choice which everyone is convenient on a given day that's the reason that we're there well let me tell you something i'm uh Hispanic see our republican yeah and i didn't vote for the jester and i'm not voting for push again good for you you know i keep on over mine you know i vote for the best censi map the uh for pack you can't in man all right and have a good luck with five six seven five sixty boys is and i know how is it just me because i'm a little they're off they off because i'm definitely a little off my head is like still a little queasy my ear my left my how many years have i been saying that if my left ear would offer open up wide you know kind of like currencies back home well i understand he and uh pixie had a hell of a time i guess he thought that pixie was one of the pixie chicks well he's got bad eyesight you know here's Margie hello yeah plavix i'm big your pardon you take plavix yes sir the greatest stuff in the world is a working for you and that wasn't my question whether it's working for me when you take you and you also take as per which is what they told me to do uh but it's uh too much of a good thing and your blood gets so thin that you like bruise realliesie and your skin starts hurting purple it's not good it's coming in again contraindications is that you don't take aspirin with the topic well let's see how do you like that doctors at clean clinic you got me on both of my so today i stop what he asked for him but it'll take me days to give my right grain as per when you take it uh leave the baby aspirin okay so it's not so severe you you'll you'll live do you think till the end of the show uh hopefully but i would stop the aspirin right now i would contact the doctor and tell the uh tell him about the bruising okay thanks plavix good stuff that's one of the detail guys he's probably peddling it expensive his hell by the expensive his hell i would definitely not put any in a bag of cough drops and try shipping them across borders why not not a good idea i didn't need like a zidian all i needed was man here's open park hello yes sir we came about the wonderful Cleveland clinic my mom went there for five years okay they told her she had come to the long but her heart was fine it was up to her heart she'd live to be 90 she's which health plan she went to another doctor they took her down to brow original and immediately did a five pass on her heart they said you could die at any minute your heart is fine it's more that's what they did to her told me they said i got a good squeeze yeah well they did their kill my mom so it'd be real careful around the Cleveland clinic and you might want to get a second i need an 30 opinion good i think i think what i have to do that i would even take my little dog there and he's been dead for one take tiny there even though he's dead right exactly okay thanks how's your mom doing she okay well she passed about two years ago but like i said good point don't go to the Cleveland clinic thank okay good luck thank you see there's a sad story sad sad story recognizing the public need for fasting and prayer oh that's right we're gonna have a big day now where is it where where's the rest of this thing oh here it is we're gonna have a national now this is nitty there's has been listening since the wnws days you have always been my favorite radio personality but lately i can't just listen anymore way too much Georgian is monotone speaks speak and now you're very pro-eraccy position oh boy sounds like you'd fit in perfectly on radio algezera by by h-ride pepper pines by by h-ride have a rate life okay he feels compelled to tell me that he can't listen anymore because you don't like my opinion i don't really care what you're like my opinion that's my opinion and i'm not gonna change it to suit anybody i'm not gonna panude anybody i'm not pro-eraccy i've against brutal unnecessary violence i'm against the bush administration big time grave robbers thieves gypsies and crooks people want to exploit for fun and profit that's what it's all about and if it was just me if i was out of step i'd say well i'm just a heart at but it's the most of the world is matter fact most of the world huh so by by mr right in this case you happen to be mr wrong 1057 at 560 q a m-tom lemon is your creator of hell of pony egm c r product when i was the neodial march mad in the sale is still going on neodial number one you choose any new gm c or potty i can stock like the 33 mile gallon five prices always 13999 it gets you so 0% financing for up to 60 months that's right 0% financing up to 60 months neodial number two choose any new vehicle and stock and get you up to a $3,000 rebate that's absolutely correct get yourself up to a $3,000 rebate and any new vehicle and stock right now at halapati aggm c and halapso c got a almost limitless selection of great neodials unused car structures SUVs and as far as credit is concerned one great thing about these folks do not real picky that's why so many people bring going there for over 35 years even if you're credit is marginal even if you know pd liney they'll still be able to cut you deal somehow at halapati aggm c one 341 south pixie highway that's on u s one across from the falls open every day seven days away call the neodial hotline tool free one triple eight five three four forty two eleven that's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven don't forget all neodial something to credit provost edilla for details how much potty aggm c who be pro-fessional graze like fishing quiet and I don't need to listen to Barney Ferry farting Frank crying in my ear because I made a few bucks out of a book I worked on it just there are no no there are things we know that we know rock rock spow there are no no that is to say there are things that in China we don't know but they're also unknown unknown rock rock spow there are things we do not know we don't know and each year we discover a few more of those unknown unknown rock rock rock spow I believe what I said yesterday well I don't know what I said but I know what I think and well in the there are no no no I don't think so although that's what I think eleven four five sixty double you know who called you back that's fucking bitch oh the one one of the marlin tickets see we got a bit this should tell you this should give you a real real good indication of what kind of town this is I'm sitting here I'm talking about purple blotches in order to let them go purple bruise spots from my blood being toothed in from taken plavis and baby aspen which is bad bad advice from a place that I'll never go again I wouldn't take my dead dogs to and she calls in a begging around for free baseball tickets for a team that nobody gives a crap about and rightfully so and you have you seen any other women on a phone today no no over to our see this is the thing we keep it well you have all these lady listeners maybe that's the case but you know what well they contribute to the show you could stick up your ass never for the Iraqi army left over and forty cruise missiles clearance well after last night so thank god the George who brought me and a little Carlos by way of George brought me in a centrum you're how much iron is in this I bet you have anemic could be how do you get anemic but to become anemic don't you have to lose a lot of blood I don't know might be a byproduct of your diabetes because I have been like a losing blood wouldn't mean it might be a product of my identity what does that mean that what does that all about does it cause all kinds of things being done in anemic well what do I know but if you're like losing blood and oozing oozing blood like remember uh roe it oozing bleeding hemorrhage yeah when we first came here and your mom you don't have he probably got those oozing bleeding hemorrhage really big back in school yeah that big gigantic black instrument that we're talking about is that one week you're supposed to sterilize it first before you sit on it gives you bad roe it's bad roe it's a boy it in water so I just took a centrum so I bet you by 1130 when those trends come out that'll bolster me up for those real bad numbers and they're gonna be bad probably get even worse because just like this uh clown in uh whatever that was Pembroke Pines well I used to like it I don't care if you've been listening for a hundred years sir if you're gonna turn a radio off because I'm I got a bunch of and and that nothing to do with pro Iraqi I'm certainly a pro-satum I'm just pro human life I don't like the idea of a whole bunch of innocent people on all sides getting tortured and dying and brutalized because of the fact we got a government I want to go in there and like start with a smilitaristic adventurism and imperialistic attitude around a world did you say you were pro or like bond and profit pro human life not nebulous life human life okay existing actually feet planted on a ground at least close to at least one toe like tixie 389 votes on a pull 309 votes on a pull that's where we would be a lot more but we took uh certain something out of there that was getting bogus votes which of these do you think is doing the best for our given the best job of war coverage MSNBC 59 doubtful don't know not watching it in 558 cnn 54 51 BBC 45 internet 42 cvc 17 and bc 13 and prnion abc 9 and cbs still second win only six sorry Dan they don't like you Dan we already I haven't right here just came in from the grudry port tells you how many people nationwide are watching cbs news but third man that's it so anyway this is a thing that they tried to fact before came in again and we had all many of his red about this but here's the sad news a bunch of religious uh board again assholes including alien agros late then rosanna danna have introduced the bill in the house that we have a national day to fast and pray yeah and it's got a whole list of things about whereas uh the you had who were engaged in award of this arm the regime of sottom was sand liberate Iraqi people and then 1774 the Virginia house of burgesis called rudei a fasting and prayer as an dispersal solidarity with the people of Boston who wanted to see it by the army and on and on and on and god this and god that and yeah they want to designate the present to issue a proclamation designated day for humility prayer and fasting for all people of the u.s calling on all people of the west to observe that of the day is time of prayer and fasting to see guidance from god this is the chorus passing a resolution that on a specific day we should see guidance from god to achieve a greater understanding of our own feelings and learn how we can do better in every day activities and resolve and meeting the challenges that can front our nation these are people never heard a separation from church and sleep and those of us are the not part of the god squad they can go to hell and guess what and we can also eat on that day and you like that five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a eighty and t line high a liah hello high a liah oh hey good morning they are sure okay uh Neil I'm a veteran of a go for at one and yesterday is a watching the news on that the supposed attack on that city in Iraq that got bombed so I'm a state and I'm amazed how the government has the balls to say that it may have been in Iraq he's surface to air missile right because I'm watching this and I just can't believe that I mean they just have such arrogance that they would say something like this surface to air missile is actually meant to bring down a plane a helicopter really much what really what its name says it does not have the capability to destroy half of a city block you know the government's uh contention that this may have been the Iraqis actually uh you know throwing a surface to air missile to the wrong people when you know it's a little bit in total denial of everything when they shot out of British plane with the uh astronaut with the um uh what's your call at missile pay for your missile which is the unfortunately for the Brits the new ones do work by the way the Patriots real well and the first thing they said was well maybe the British didn't turn around the transponder and a plane that would have identified them as friendly aircraft was their fault it was absolutely not the British fault that turned out to be totally untrue and the Brits are screaming plenty more about the fact that the friendly fire so call the US seems to be the greatest perpetrator against their allies and against themselves in every conflict including Gulf War one and this one again friendly fire there's two things that the stick out of mind from the first time that we were over there one is that I had some confronts killed by our own uh Apache helicopters none by the Iraqis and the other thing is that I went to Kuwait city for a couple of days when we had a little time off and I will never forget the look of contempt on the on the faces of the actual Kuwaitis that we were supposed to be liberating they did not want us there they hated us even considering everything that we were doing yeah but the government wanted us there because they wanted to keep their hands on their royal man of course of course but they hate us they hate us you know and this war is only going to make things worse and I'm just really saddened by what's going on in our country where our basic freedoms or you can't even speak out against this government without being the label they a terrorist communist the communist the right very well hang in there may go thanks the only voice of reason on the radio yes I am thank you sir but me and George me and little George 567560 Tim and uh Peckerwood pines writes a bunch of stuff about shepherd Smith is the best shepherd Smith is a uh uh simple idea clear we're not screaming like the MSNBC guys I never said MSNBC was good that I I said I do what I said I had to see it and certainly way ahead of fox and Tim goes out with a lengthy thing about fox is very classy good people there are bunch of cheerleaders a bunch of militant chicken hocks is what they are Tim and you can hack me a try to kind of fact machine all you want I'll stick with a CBC and a BBC network and then MSNBC and after that it's small potatoes and disparate pickens I wouldn't watch fox news if they paid me by the millisecond okay because just just like the American government I wouldn't believe anything that they say anything when you're watching I network that has their own agenda you're not going to get much truth 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T line let me tell you about the Amorcoz Chinese buffet three locations for you sunrise north by me beach in their new location in Pembroke pines were Tim lives over there in a what he called Peckerwood pines start out your fantastic feast of the Amorcoz with one or more of their six delicious soups and sampled dozen a zillion zillion suck of the non-trays all different kinds of stuff I would say I'm a third man at least Oriental Surf and Turf on a weekend's New York Stift State made order to the gourmet center a sizzling Asian griller teriyaki steak shrimp chicken seafood handcar primary the Amorcoz promotes healthy living too the cook all of their fine cuisine with cholesterol fee orals they don't use any MSG and sure is how no cornstarch you won't walk out of there with a headache just a big full puppet and a smile on your post the buffet at Amorcoz features a full salad bar new sushi bar fresh room cocktail and their famous lobster fest is back featuring love to thermometers and lobster biscke one requirement try to save room for dessert because the dessert bar is sensational I got pies and cakes pastries ice cream and all your favorite toppings and fresh fruit the perfect ending to what gigantic pig out at the Amorcoz you'll find the original soft photo location in sunrise that's pine island a 44th street the rancalans out of just no thundered 63rd street north by me beach and also at the intersection the flamingo and pembroke pines animal coast accept reservations take out delivery available as well call nine five four five seven two thirty twenty two nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two when you're really hungry for a great delicious meal I'm talking about a gigantic feast this is the place for the Amorcoz Chinese buffet why and local we're sports radio five sixty two a two a m this is the new rangers show this is your brain oh no any questions Mr. Jensen what seems to be the trouble well doctor I think I have a nasty case of hemorrhoids well let's have a look okay oh just as I thought that's gigantic pain in the ass isn't hemorrhoids it's your taxes oh you need his tax preparation a tax preparation a that's right tax preparation age is the number one choice of positions to relieve that income tax induced pain in the ass just at tiny dab of tax preparation age instantly relieves the burn of itemizing your deductions the painful edge of calculating your mortgage interest credit and the intense discomfort of keeping track of those innumerable documents ah for the head to the put a super schedule see oh where's my 10 ninety nine where's the double you two from a so-to where's my tax preparation age tax preparation age once you get it behind you you'll actually look forward to doing your taxes so there's Tony Blair that we set it out to achieve our objectives we will achieve our objectives how do you like that to achieve our objectives we will achieve our objectives well good you know what you just said yeah how many times did he say that about thirty men eleven seventeen and muffled just in here and like that and for got all about those trends coming out okay ratings come out eleven thirty four and December January and February two thirds of the winter book gonna be pretty ugly for midday's I'll tell you that and then we got more and more of those people out there well we're gonna punish you because we got to do something go ahead I don't care anymore makes no difference to me you can stand on your head I'm not gonna sit here and go step along with a bush administration I'm not gonna sit here in like a quivocator pretend I don't have an opinion because supposedly we still have a right to give our opinion supposedly we underline that in as a matter of fact here's a good example for you high school teacher in New Jersey has quit rather than stop wearing an anti-war button Gary tankers as it was a matter of conscience nice going Gary teachers at Bergen Catholic high school had been wearing red white and blue war is not the answer buttons until the principal told him to stop you know what else the principal told him things are fact in the church yeah that's what he told him but you know what to real out your homie they're really are yeah that's just in his church Joseph Fusco says the school's dress code bars slogans on clothing maybe they could should stick one on their right home yeah and moon the principal Fusco says he encourages teaching the anti-war point of view at the Catholic school but he says he doesn't think a button is the proper way to teach if we're not worried about those buttons we're worried about the button that the president's got his finger on that's of all the worried about and did you notice yesterday which of course we shouldn't be too concerned because we got important TV shows to watch but yesterday that Indian Pakistan are stirring out of the pot again you don't understand and pre-order gonna start smoking it well now like you mentioned one of those article this idea of pre-emptive strikes haven't they been talking specifically about those two countries that both have no spy the way what's to stop any nation from attacking their neighbor based on our same right just just we're just doing this preemptively to cover us because we're afraid that you might attack us someday it's like those arrested and that does Delaware place but was a woman to know some more Delaware that's the right but you're filing yeah there's a pre-arresting you based on pre-crimes that they think you might commit in some pre-life based on your black end in a bad neighborhood or whoever you are they don't they don't like the way you look so they're gonna just to rest you based on the idea that they think you might commit a crime you're thinking about it you've got evil thoughts and you're an evil doer why because they think so well I think that uh center of help me you know there could be a fast any little area of the bloodstream huh maybe I'm just hallucinating maybe it's because the members are coming out I'm trying to put up inside it I'm not excited they're all they're gonna be they're gonna be awful they're gonna be god awful course now we got those billboards up and that's my luck so during during this wartime when of course I'm sitting here spouting my usual very unpopular opinions it's not gonna help if we had a hundred billboards because those people out there oh we hate you you're for your pro or racky your radio bag that all of a sudden crap all these stupid astronaut cliches communist uh you know so we have a god of time in chance in hell but I don't give a crap that's just the way it is I'm not gonna sit here and pander for numbers we've already had enough numbers we've carried a scod in place on my back for five god damn years now let mow carried he's got a nice back that's what's grand said let him carry it on his lovely back huh get a lot of knife wounds in there though that's yeah right I thought it was the rest of us that had knife wounds from the mow mice yeah he's vibrating it here's for lottery hello yeah hi uh you think after there's done uh bombing to treat democracy that maybe they'll all be grateful just wind up in the boat for maybe Allen Simpson or Iliano Rosanna Danle or somebody like that somebody like that one of these one of these things yeah all right how long you think it will take till uh they have these elections ha ha ha ha ha let's see now they're trying to try to just let us worry about the show Okay sir, don't try to do stick. Okay. I'm turning man. Here's a cross-bring. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Hey, then listen to your show since the first call. Yes, yeah. Okay. Did you hear the thing the publicity that they gave you on the Dr. Laura show? I had a facts about it earlier. Okay. I just didn't know. They must have told you. They must be real slow getting heard the news because that's ancient history from months ago. That's story. The whole time the reason of this ancient. Well, my point is that these right wingers can sit there and listen to people like Limbaugh. A couple people name all day long. But then when I just call people names of a call that Clinton's murderers and make up all kinds of fanciers. I'm wearing a Clinton's cycle bath and that's why. Yeah. And when you try to do some parody which it's a radio show, it's entertainment. It's a parody. And they have to play the racial issue and say, oh, it's a race thing. You're a racist. Right. And of course, and we know what great friends the right wingers are of folks of color. They just don't get it. I guess. I don't know. But don't confuse them with the facts, man. It's all I can tell you. Yeah, 10.4. And have a great day. Hang in there. 5.6.7.You two end on the A&T. Whatever it is. Wait, wait. And a big hurry now because we got the numbers. Miguel's going to be doing the old Indian out in the door out of the door in the out in and out. That's what Muffo is saying. I think was switchable. Think it. 5.6.7.0.5.60. Pound 5.60 on the A&T and T for rise in line. MSNBC 71 votes don't know. Don't watch any of this stuff. 65. CNN 61 BBC 51. The internet. We have him 45. CBC 19. And if most people on here could see the CBC would have like a hundred and 19. NBC 15. NPR 10. ABC 10. NBC 10. CBS is still sucking wind. With six. No wonder, Dan's crime. You see the little tear drops coming from the CBS eye? Oh, brother. You could put, you know, you could, you could, you could, you could, you could, you could, you could put the CBS viewers in a little like a phone booth. I'm 30 man. Here's plantation. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I feel free. My wife for three years ago had the same thing you had. The minister. Yeah. And she takes the playvix. Yeah. And you got to get here blood pressure on the control. My blood pressure is an excellent control, sir. Beautiful. She takes to in the role in the vocal. Do you get heavy soul. Well, first of all, so, of course, not for blood pressure. That's for cholesterol. Yeah, the cholesterol. Why do I get headaches? Yeah, the sense I've had this last TIA. I've got handsome, my headache problem. Yeah, because what she's not as not too many doctors. She has to take every three months. She has to go get shots and head. Both of shots. They gave her the shots before it was you. Both are shots. That is correct. For what? Before it was used for cosmetic. There were very few doctors that used it about two years ago. She gets 12 shots in the head for both shots. And it takes a week to get the take effect. And it clears the headaches up. And this has been going off for two years already. And this is a truth. I'm just calling you as a friend. And there's not so many doctors that do it. But it's legit and the insurance page for it. And both shots will help you. Because you can't take him a track because there's bad for your block brush. I've looked into this for the longest time. And just to let you know that both shots is helped her every three months. 12 shots in there. Okay, but I'm glad to hear it. Got it. Okay, thank you. And then what commences said 12 shots in the head. 12 shots at peace. Something like that. So you don't want to take any chance. Right. Everyone is brother coming out there. That's what Sonny said. 10, you know, what just his thing in his hands. Just his dixie. So Clara's by the way, he had a even bigger smile on his post when he stuck his head into a little while ago. I mean, he's just a kellen from that. What are you laughing about? It's the truth. I met a girl that he was dating once. She was hot. Harry? Is it really? No, I don't mean physically. I mean in the name. 26 past 11 man. And now the pressure. No, no, he's got to smell it. Post the coast. I'm going to the post. You can start smelling it, man. It smells worse than most peace. The pressure in his building as those numbers will be puke and oddly. The facts machines around his building in no time at all. This copy, this tag wreck copy is unacceptable. Even worse than usual. And in his case is saying a lot. This is an outrage. I get Tommy to go. Give it to him. Don't be like Sodom. If you find yourself in a dead job, pick up the phone and call Fast Train. I mean, even my little dog could write a better piece of copy than that in his present state, Mississippi. Call 1-86 Fast Train to get started in a new high-pink computer job and make some serious books. Especially if you have an IQ higher than Todd's wreck, which ain't saying much. Unless you're hiding out of the desk and cruise missiles are landing around you, there's no excuse. Call Fast Train at 1-86 Fast Train. They offer convenient dating weekend classes. Check them out of the web at FastTrain.com and get out of that dead end job. Unlike dictators, computer professionals are in high demand. So call Fast Train today. Fast trains got locations in Miami, Kendall, Pembroke Pies and Fort Lauderdale. It can be in locations bound to be nearby you. We're just to request train.com to get your free American flag bumper sticker. Pick up the phone and call Fast Train today at 1-86 Fast Train and start making yourself some serious books. 8-6 Fast Train and be sure to eliminate Laud proud voice that Todd Dreck told you to call. My life and love all this is Fort Real 56. You way too way, yeah. It was these titties. Oh, wow, they're 53 new emails. That's all spam. I'll never have time to read through all of them. Well, that's the longer problem. Let's do spam on tape. We put all your favorite, inclusive, unsolicited emails, unconvenient audio cassettes so you can touch through them anywhere. Like, you look at her. You can make 10,000 out of the week working from home. On your walk, man. There are new trees without every toilet, and you can make a video for a living room. Or on your whole stereo. Hey, guys, meet hundreds of hot single women in your area. Honey, what are you listening to? Um, uh, yeah. You spam on tape. Now, you can catch up on all those vitally important messages from strangers who got your email address from the last one. So you visit it. Now you can increase your curse with all new herbal extended cool. Thanks, Pam, let's say spam on tape. Order now. Let's don't send us an email. We hate spam. 1131 at 560WDQM. Here's a very depressing fact from our most chronic facts over the mall. Chronic facts over the spy report while flipping channels this morning. I heard beer is good for you on the pollen ronsho. Oh, what a rip off artist. I also sounded like it was taped off the radio. Sud should sue says our chronic facts. I don't even like that. By the way, we got the mighty Python CDs. If they want to play, uh, I like Chinese tomorrow. Teams. It's so sad, you know? So sad using other people's material. Rift off from the Rick and Socho. Same on you, Paul. Edward Ron. You will grow. If I'd love to see how they're numbers are when these numbers come in here, I bet you any minute now. Miguel is going to come smashing through that door. Speaking of a girl, don't forget these big promos. So what's the deal? One is the Marlon's home open, or by the way. It's very close, isn't it? Let me take a look. And the opening day tickets, I'm sure are very, oh, yeah, look at that. Very, and they put up parking passes. They got tickets. Monday, March 31. That's next Monday is opening day. The Marlon's and the Philly's. What the hell time is that game? Hopefully about 10 in the morning. No. Why don't they put the times of the games on the ticket that you have to be joking me? Have you ever heard in your life of a team that doesn't put the start with a good ready? No, no, seriously. I never heard of such a thing. Who ever heard of a team that issues tickets for a game and doesn't put the game time on a tickets? Did you, I mean, your big sports guy? Do you ever hear of anything like that in your life? No. How are we supposed to know what time the game is? I'm looking, I must be missing it, pro player stadium, tonne, resown, Marlon's in a Philly's, Yadiyadiyai, how's he described? I don't see Schmidt. Oh, my God. So I can't even tell him what time that. Well, regardless. But to point me, now who's going to get the vote Monday? What is it? For 05? Thank you. But but but it should say another ticket. And that's another good reason. That's not an ordinary starting time. That's obviously a special time for opening day, but most games are like 730 and 9 or 7 or 7 or 7 or 7 or 7, I guess. But that's bogus. Just, that's just the first thing that we're going to be bitching about with the Marlon's this year. Of course, they're not happy with that. Samson, the midget. He's not going to be too happy too bad, OK, loser. loser. Jack ball. So how many people are looking for these tickets? I've heard him, man. We got Carlos and there. You got your money, OK? Which would you rather have the check or the baseball tickets? Door number one. Door number two. Or that door right there. Number three. What's in the box? What's in the box? Yeah, what's his name? Clarence said he'd rather have a date with brand pit. So there they go, right back in the old credit. I was thinking that opening day tickets would be like something really special and beautiful looking. Maybe those are just the parking passes. Well, you know what they were. Excuse me, I apologize profusely. I'm very sorry. There they are. See, I knew they even the Marlon's could be that dumb. Those are just the parking passes. The opening day ticket is beautiful. It says, where's the time? There it is. Right on top, you blind man. 405 p.m. Pro player stadium. I knew that even they couldn't be that negligent. Hey, these tickets are neat. Look at those. They look like old time baseball cards. Look at those. Huh? Who? They're lovely. Anybody want some Marlon tickets? You don't have to go to the game. Just maybe some of these are worth something. No, I doubt it. In fact, they didn't work too much right now. These are those opening day tickets are really special. Florida Marlon's 10th anniversary. Hey, let's play a little thing for the Marlon's. Okay, to apologize for the fact that I screwed that up. Don't you think that's good? That's it. That's all you're getting. And I know it's going to be a gigantic opening day crowd. I'm turning man to see the Marlon's take on the fillies. So there you go. Back in the box. Did I do these problems again or not? I guess not. George right after the show today will be two to four the staff know that he Dolby Hotel Miami Beach for the Lifestyle's convention. And he's going to be taking some Botox shots in the Rectom. Stop by for all the festivities. It's a couple's only event. Maybe you can give me a shot. And then from five to seven he'll also be. I'm with the Gail. I'm sure. I reckon at Bass Pro outlet located off on 95 Griffa Rhodes spin the wheel for QM prizes including He can come to get. I think the iron say maybe I should take another one. Got. Just multiple vitamins. I think maybe I have anemia. Botox shots in ahead. I think I have like pounding headaches. I have like a little little little this. And plus one my doctor gets my ear open this afternoon. I'm sure it'll just be. Oh man. That'll be better. I don't think they do that to get one of those air hoses and blow it out. Now they just use a plunger. You know like you open up a toilet with. It just took the plunger on the side of your head and just like. Like that. Just put that baby open. Man. And you think if a hundred times more setting men's sex blow when that thing pops. It is a feeling the likes of which. Seriously. Have you ever had that when you're ready to play? And either you're taking a shower. Or you're like an elevator or like I'm expected that you're walking around outside all of a sudden. Ah. And you just let out a scream. I all thank God. You know. Thank you. Good. But we'll see. And of course if you can't do it all this thing. I'll just I'll just start going to doctors every day. I'll hold a bunch of different ones. I'm sure we're going to. I'm sure we're going to go to the more. Take the lines. My goodness. There's no place line seven is going to go to the stuff. It's from where? Hunger. Oh no. And I'm off is giving me a look. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Here we go. Just a moment. Is this good enough to have a what you call it? From real. I don't know. What do you mean by that? What were you giving me? I look. 10 to 3. Where the hell are we? You have a 10 means that we did better than we did in November. Okay. Well, I mean, we had a good month in February. Well, okay. There you are. We didn't expect a gigantic overall number because it includes December in February, which once I'd December in January. And once the book comes out, December will like drop off. Just like what will happen in March when all the a pro war people, the bush liakers will drop off. But anyway, what do you mean by that? That was my good look. Well, in other words, the rest of Mark Good. Get out of here. You're confusing me. His whole deal that is just a confused the crap out of me. Okay. Take advantage because you know, I'm a sick dot ring old man and you're right, by the way. Here come the first of the numbers. What was I looking for? Oh, sorry. 12 plus. These are the December January and February. Transit all new people in radio who gather around radio dials like a big party. Every time the numbers come out because they know that old. Oh, good. Even if he can barely breathe, he has no blood left in his. You know, if they had a dipstick to stick in my back door, I should have wouldn't find any blood. Huh? I'm anemic man. And if I let me pop another pill here, another room, vitamin. Or. Oh, God. See, I feel better already. I think that first call right now, this other guy with a Botox shot. I'm not taking those shots in the head. Okay. Take that. I mean, look what it did for a blanket. Got in head is not a good idea, sir. But I hope your wife is okay. What is the deal? EDR. Oh, this is what this means that the ethnic, we had those horrible ethnic months there. Wouldn't know. No, no, no, no. I'm sorry. Well, they're trying to make up for it now. Because I think probably because I am burst them by ripping them in ass. EDR in the previous trend at a 6.6. Number one, but all the way down to a 5.8 tower with the power 96. Oh, they also are tied for first as they were in the previous trend. But dropping like almost a full point. 6 to a 5.8 power 96. Didn't that were PD Lenny went to work? No. He is so full of crap. W.A. Q.I. to Aranya O'Mombie. 5.2 down a little bit. Hot. So you got 1, 2, 3, 4. The first four stations are all black in Hispanic. Including power 96. I mean, you consider them Hispanic, right? Power 96. Yeah. Young, young, young. Young, young, young. Urban. Well, let's, let's say that urban urban FM. Life 4.6. CM Q 4.3. This is the overall station. Radio on more 3.9. Love 3.8. Where the hell are we? I OD 3.6. I totally, they'd go up. It's good. Huh? It's good. It's good. It's good. Dr. Laura, with all those coming coming up. Pinko. Yeah. Where the hell's Q A? 2, 6, 2, 5. Uh-oh. Somebody must have dropped a little bit. But in midday, we went from a 3.7 or 3.8, which may not sound better sighting George, but keeping in mind that we dropped off a 7, 7, and November, which means we had a pretty damn good for Bory. Thank the Lord, okay? Thank the Lord just to keep these damn bastards pacified. Because you know, management, people are never happy. They're never happy. Get them a 20-share. Well, how come you're playing that thing? Remember, Booyoung. Grumbers and members. In the morning, however, let's see. Let's see how the mobile master is doing. In fact, let's do the break and then we'll see how Moe is doing. We'll take a look. And this, of course, 12 plus is not a demographic. But wait, it's a star. No, it's just a little bit of a star. And of course, we don't want to bore you with this, because we've only got thin, a few more numbers. I'm 30, man. And it will be complete, right? We'll look at the hour by hours, that's so. No, of course not. But I'm just saying, at least for the midday, at least it looks like February was good. Thank the Lord after two, a trotious month where they use this like His A Battering Ram. All the right wingers out there. Let's take a look at the 12 plus and midday. And let's see how flushed did. Four, five, to a four, nine. See, I told you, that's that, I would do that. Right wing thing like Miguel, all his people. All your people, Miguel, thanks. Many, team plus. Five, nine, five, eight. Q, I, O, D, six, one, was six, five. See, they're going to be gigantic in this when this book comes out. Because I'm understanding that they're putting all this in news coverage on as well as besides Dr. Laura Screaming about Kindleza and about coming in. You know, the mention of their clear channel, they create their own hype. I see. But the fact we stayed just about the same and then we had a very good February again. But we'll get to those morning and afternoon numbers momentarily. We don't want Hank sitting on the pot too long getting all nervous. Where's Hank going to be today? Let's see. You at that schedule and most bizarre way up there about a hundred. Joe Rose for the mad dog at one today. No way, though. I got a better gig than I got. He works what about two days out of two days out of every week. About third man. And then you got Hank and Gulf Stream this afternoon. Plung in his guts out through your clock. Seven o'clock. It's his question mark. And the Mysterians. No, just a bunch of question marks. We don't know. Maybe we'll see. Maybe we'll sign off. Should go panther. Preview at 730. Depanters at St. Louis to get pounded again eight o'clock tonight. Any canter to hockey game and Joe and Mark just like clockwork overnight. You know what? It's time to be again. If you look at the laid out some sports bets, you better know who you deal with. VIP Sportsburg.com is absolutely the best. You can have complete trust in VIP Sportsburg.com. A legal license sportsbook. One of the original online books and still a best. You like high parlay odds? You like those? How to parlay odds up to 2001. Son of you. How about free same day payouts? How about a 15% cash bonus and new first deposit? Most of all for the past seven years VIP Sportsburg.com's are in reputation. As the sportsbook with the best customer service. Sportsbook reviewed.com has rated then number one of customer service. Two years in a row. Might be your turn to go on a roll of a lifetime. And if so, make sure you're in a right sportsbook when that happens. Son up online at VIP Sportsburg.com and get yourself a 15% cash bonus. Add to your first deposit. Nothing like starting out a winner. If you're not online, call them toll free at 1-866-VIP-Bets. That's 1-866-VIP-Bets. But the 15% son up bonus is only available online. So get your ass online and get you that 15% cash bonus today. At VIP Sportsburg.com where you be the VIP. If you're not in a right sportsbook, you're in a right sportsbook. If you're not in a right sportsbook, you're in a right sportsbook. If you're not in a right sportsbook, you're in a right sportsbook. If you're not in a right sportsbook, you're in a right sportsbook. If you're not in a right sportsbook, you're in a right sportsbook. If you're not in a right sportsbook, you're in a right sportsbook. If you're not in a right sportsbook, you're in a right sportsbook. If you're not in a right sportsbook, you're in a right sportsbook. If you're not in a right sportsbook, you're in a right sportsbook. If you're not in a right sportsbook, you're in a right sportsbook. If you're not in a right sportsbook, you're in a right sportsbook. Oh, oh. If the green will call the trees and let's make more, not love the season. If we have no reason, don't worry. All right. 13. Till noon at 5. 60 W.C.M. Joe roast for the Mad Dog at 1. MSNBC reports. No offensive kick with the little. There you go. I think we were talking about the Panthers. Wasn't it? Anyway, so many team plus overall. Do you see this? Not good. Good for that extra bonus George. I don't know. What did I tell you about IOD? I would be course keep in mind I would be had a big December in January right Keep that in mind which means February. They still did okay, but you know Just trying to make stories for you Well, that's what everybody does. Adalia, Mom B, but this this trend obviously wasn't nearly as ethnic as somebody others Howard sperm in the morning. Let's see eight one to eight two. Still number one Adalia, Mom B was number two the mornings. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, hey, Mo All I can tell you is that one bogus a moment there That one gigantic boat. You know, I think you might do better if he did take off those check-up pants That might do it for you. You know, change your image Maybe some of those old cochers out there who not golfers on the age of a hundred and maybe they might put you down. I doubt it Maybe people that don't have bad hairpieces. My put them down too. You think What do you think, Mom? I I I I I I know Let's see four two in a fall four nine in last trend in notable four three or a precipitous drop of a half a point the humpar on the Sorry, should I mention oh's your not I don't want to get him upset Hank Just numbers hang just numbers on a piece of paper. I know Hank. Let's see in the last 20 at a five point It was number two, but not on a four three seventh ye, huh? So thank God for the midday for a good and a mad dog, right? Well, what was it again? In men five eight Something like that. I think it was I Don't know 25 Not turned man something like that Five point eight like I said from a five nine to a five eight, which means we had a damn good Demont because we're that's including two row test months one of which will drop off Once we get to the third month of the book anybody out there following us. No, only the people in the business That's what we do this for the rest of your on season of coma We don't we to care it's the very least we can do for the poor bastards of working as business because most of them Unfortunately work for cheap channel and they're already under the gun. You know what I'm saying? They're already taken enough the ass from cheap channel from Pete Bolger from David Ross from all of those goiam All of those grave robbers that are holding all these rallies Let's rally for America, okay, and by the way one step to the left and two steps to the right All right, that's the way you do it. That's how you go step You take it huh first yet the lock you need so tomorrow's reading you know, I'll put in that one big month in there of the anti-neal people in January But February just kind of like fell back to earth. Well, okay He was you know him and he was going on there with the guilty and papapapa we did this and we did that We had those gigantic numbers. I think once they talked to the what what they went on the website and I saw that picture I think that's what put them under the edge You know what I mean, no, I know Just come down So there there you go. We don't need anything else doing big Howard was the big in the morning Howard's stirring that is and of course He's panning to the right wingers by being a big war supporter and a big bush man We knew he was a big bush man already But the war and the president we didn't know about that I'd argue about being the afternoon. Oh, I see. So maybe there was a lot of old ethnics in here a lot of old whoios 5.3 oh yeah from 6 to 4 the first like we like we didn't program at the track Wild time for first all the Schmidt mice during the afternoon look at that How do you like that the Schmidt mice deer with a 5.3 time radio mom being number one that is scary That is I'm but scary is what it is The rush mice deer and the Schmidt mice do that that's where it's all at right now Because America is taking his big gigantic turn to the right. They've taken a gigantic goose step to the right And that's what the public wants you not gonna hear it here. Sorry. Well here it here Here's a call from for Lauderdale. Hello. Yeah, hi, you know, yes, sir. Yeah I want to thank you when George because a slight minded people We got it has to be somebody talking the right stuff. Well, we're in big trouble now, man. I'll tell you that You know, I tried to change my mind for 48 hours and and go with the war and then I put on Hannity and rush and Schmidt Oh and I just jumped right back to the left because How a burden got that big con they are subsidiary got the big contract Congress is trying to block the French from getting any kind of cellular Contract after the war is over and see it and reported that I rack will be exporting oil within three months even with an interim government So I mean how could people not see what what this is about because they're stupid? Oh absolutely well there was I found some website in passing that 75% of the Americans think I rack Had something to do with the world trades and yeah, it was more like 50% but over half yeah So when they find the factory I guess that makes the box cut is the world will be justified. Yeah, you got it You know and I tell you you talk about the censorship of the news. They show like a guy like David Bloom is something on NBC writing with the truth Maybe he's got it like 20 hours a day. He's writing it. I look so majestic, but there's never any fighting you never hear anything But now Bush comes on yesterday talks about that's gonna take longer because of and he doesn't use the word miscalculations Like miscalculations like the regular army is fighting not just the Republican god We're gonna have to change the name this war because apparently Iraqi freedom is not what these people want I mean we've changed the what three times You know mass destruction war the Resolution war and now Iraqi freedom war I have no idea what they're gonna call it next It just so beyond me, but I mean I put on this Hannity guy with the development that is spewed from this man And he has a mother of one of the capsic Soldiers and and she's for this oh well I could you could be for the troops and we're all for the troops That's why we're against the war People seem not to understand that no, anybody doesn't understand that is a moron. It's all I can tell you sir And have a great day good luck watch it 560 pound 560 and it's all the cliches all the tried stuff you got to support the troops We all support the troops that's a given okay That's a given nobody should have to stand up and say I support the troops I don't want to see any harm come to any murder. Well, we all say that you know But it's just part of this ongoing process where you know anybody who isn't the goose stepping right in line and Completely echoing rubber stamping the government line is the communist and unpaid traffic peace of crap 18 to 34 now why do we even bring me these is this oh 25 54 huh? What is he saying he said that's it? Oh that's it. Thanks Miguel lovely job. He got opening day by the way If you want them maybe he has monopening day Don't take them no, if you want them. I'll say I'll take them see I'll take them does you insist If not I'm not a dollar because there's a other if you drive him there If you drive him where no No, I've heard about you 25 to 54 hot look at that in a morning WHQ T though we're a cost broadcasting and the only good thing we can say about them is they're not the they're not the Chief channel 7.6 hot Big 6.9 in the morning. This is persons of course WAMR radio all more 5.2 is still in third but taking a big drop radio ritmo more ethic more Hispanic WEDR more dark Radio romansia more Hispanic Hispanic and dark and dark and Hispanic and blah blah blah Howard sperm is the only one who's able to penetrate if I can say that that the whole deal are in the morning Then life what do we got to 25 54 in a morning on this stage do we have a Zeta? Oh look at that Zeta keeps dropping Maybe if they keep playing more than old recon sud stuff Vera's good for you and I like Chinese Guys go on running Paul from a 47 to a 4.0 to a 3.8 Then the coast then why 100 magic kiss kiss kiss stays right up there, you know There's still kiss those because they steer clear of controversy yeah our our good friends are kissed I don't want to talk about the Dixie chicks or chicks with the Dixies or anything like that power Oh power to nap to get a book let's hear it We like our friend kid career on a hobby, you know what you're showing off lately enough is enough Share some of the spoils without so came Mr. Big shot and also quit playing that crap music Love 94 29 W.S. DJ what about my own morning? I'm still I'm still looking for mo and the amazing part of it is he actually went up a logist to here Just a little bit just a little curly just red must red here yeah From a 2.4 to a 2.5 so now in person's 25 54 is number 18 Let's hear it for the moment, sir right behind IOD with the 2.7. Oh, not looking good Persons 24 on a 25.5 to run issue Huh, who now am I talking oh look at that Bonus time baby You'll see Life is number one with a 6 3 followed by the code this see this is men and women persons 25 54 followed by the coast Love 94 cmq no speaking glaze EDR hot WQAM from a 4 0 to a 3704 3 and I keep in mind that's including even those two bad months We had a gigantic February. How do you like that? You're on a show anybody care? Oh well we do Proud it needed well the war now on WQA So let me introduce myself I was a well respected hard-right man and trusted by high level Truth I used to have a powerful Republican position high upon a morrow crown The holy Christians were insistent that I have is ready to claim him with any names that should be found Oh Shakespeare had a nervous breakdown Cause I was blinded by the rat Bambosled by duty back the moral pasty right blinded by the rat I thought I could do speck us I could make a trip I had a mission to the party for my moralistic Christians and throwing their ticket on the road. What's an erratic public just their income they're raising the stars given power falls a call my job was to offer news to the right wind point of view people might have been easy to sway and now they're hatred that I spewed about my priorities and thank her Jews make me want a few today I'm moving in and say I was gay Cause I was blinded by the rat Bambosled by duty back the face to the moral right blinded by the rat I was in close to she was naked on a pause with you guys taking her I'll be a star C'mon 3 at 5.60 WCM we hit the jackpot in February That's what these numbers say then of course march is gonna be really bad because they're gonna take us out of the Oh, and all the pens and who gets to the Irish course they always does what they're gonna take us out They're gonna take us out and hopefully gonna be a court of course Wow Don't forget George will be out is what it says here. George will be taken out to Savanoon 2 to 4th He do we'll tell mommy beach for lifestyle's convention stop by and see what your lifestyle is okay Stop by and see the bunch of a beautiful lovely. The love she was slut up broads are gonna be hanging out George is just going over to get laid And then five to seven stuff by the bass pro outlet I'll find out a five and a group of road stop by the spindle wheel for QM prizes including heat and cane cigarettes I shouldn't talk about George looking to get laid on the ear because crystals probably listening She'll get upset but she knows it's true and she sure knows that it happened at home But anyway, let's see man 18 plus I want to go back to this for one second these numbers you're not doing those numbers again All right, yeah Because Fox sports. I'm gonna tell you you hit the jackpot, baby All day long every day part they got fractions The only day part that they got more than just a fraction is in the midday 10 to three and that number is I wouldn't wish on Hitler and Osama and Sodom at the same time Where it'll is it can't find it oh, there it is From a two three to a 1.3 in men that's that's a sports station That's a male oriented station sports from a 2.3 in the last run to a 1.3 in this one. How do you like that in midday? Just suck and wind over there at dawn on 50,000 watts in the middle of the day and 940 and Fox sports is suck and wind Here's a lady in Miramar hello Yes, man Okay, I would love to go to the opening game You have any tickets What I beg your pardon? Maulin so pinning game. Yeah, I have tickets for me. Oh I'm for me. No. I waited so long. No Well, what would make you think I had tickets for you? Well, you see would everybody like to go to the opening game. I was talking about in here not on the outside Oh my god, I'm on the inside. Oh But I'm sure they have plenty of tickets for sale at pro player stadium. Have a good time Two out of two were back in the thousand on the ladies before one o'clock if we don't get one woman to call a show who's not a free loading bitch Who isn't calling a show to squeeze out a couple of freebies or something that'll be I'm gonna be pissed if we can't get one Huh? They take they take they take no one of the heterosexual population in South Florida so god they am frustrated No wonder George is going to the lifestyle's convention. I hope it'll get lucky. I hope it gets just a sniff just a little sniff That's all anything a whiff I wouldn't wish the woman to stop Florida on Anybody on my mother and she's one of them and that's part of the problem 56705. I mean, seriously, can you really believe that I saw lady and wherever it hello was that well at least this this after the first one She couldn't possibly be making the same mistake. Could she? She couldn't possibly do the same thing Is that other broadened call We're not giving away tickets on his show anymore ever That's the worst I ever the city where we all the goddamn numbers without even reading the radio stations that here you go 58483 even that's more interesting Then here in a bunch of of mindless goofballs begging pleading The grading and humiliating themselves like a bunch of supplicants out there like a bunch of quizlings Okay, we please have something for free. Don't you have any more one the mugs kneel? I wonder Really what are what I'm gonna and you know something those uh now maybe it's only by coincidence could be you think the RNL maybe I'm anemic from my That would be ironic but don't you have to like lose blood to be anemic? No, you know Well, then I must be and thanks again Cleveland Clinic. I'm gonna tell you something I'm gonna go over there and I'm gonna do a big crap And I'm serious. I'm gonna go any emergency room this afternoon. I'm gonna take an eam before I go down I'm gonna eat a pound of sorbital candy do the paper bag of living bag. Good listen to me I'm gonna know I'm not no bag. I'm gonna go right over there no bag no sack I'm gonna take my pants down. We're gonna take about 40 pounds of here on an elevated crap right on the lobby of the Emergency room at Cleveland Clinic in Western Thank you so many many much okay for practically putting me in a box I got a stroke and here's the guy puts me on the treadmill for a stress test there you go Yeah, let's see if we can get you to croak right on the treadmill while I'm how can a China come out to Kovale of three and about your hockey crap So here we got my male East rimmers consistent okay. Although I do have my one great doctor. She's great but other than her We got knit shirt. We got the Cleveland Clinic but what more could any self respecting human being want right? First they take your money and then they take your life Huh? At least he picks up the check well. He's insane. Louis anyway. He can't hear but I'm sure fair. I'll give him a spy report. Thanks a lot for all I mean you know it's a means well. Yeah, he does well To means well He means well, but then again so did the hair. I'm hearing 560 pound 560 on a AT&T line 425 votes out of pool Probably we'd have over five I'm sure we'd have over 500 if we didn't take fast news if you want to know if Our fox knew is not there because the fox people they were didlenuts. Okay. They were a feet in our pool again Those they've sweeping feepers were feet for our pool And so we got 422 votes MSNBC is there no problem. I'll take it and enjoy it. Okay. You'll be the only one there 88 votes for MSNBC Nice interview a lot of people in those marlin games Don't know not watching any of it 70 eight the question was what the which of these do you think is doing a best war coverage CNN 68 VBC 62 the internet 59 CBC 22 a Third doing a spectacular job on a CB said which each and every one of you could see it and then you'd understand What real new current news coverage is about it's not all negative. It's just honest. It's just right down the middle whatever is happening. They're reporting it NBC 16 NPR 13 ABC 11 and CB CBS is still got six talk about taking a dump Man, I wonder Dan seems so more morbid and marlin these days. You know us he seems like a suicidal His numbers are even trans they're even a clipsing those of a radio or Schloss sports over there I've gone pd maybe you're doing a pd Lenny and pd bulger a match made in heaven You don't want to feel so much better now pd Lenny is not in a building. You know the aroma They used to permeate the hallways from him Devibrations in the hall from him jumping up and down like rump and rumple stills good on magic mushrooms We don't feel those we're not gonna like see six sitting in our seat See I say sick If I told them once I told them about Times don't call me in Toronto. Papa papa papa papa you know No more gossip pd Lenny. Leave me alone. Okay, I'm not interested in your in your rumor great line And tell you one thing we can all agree on and that is getting good night sleep is one the most important things as far as how you be feeling Over a million people by a great mattress and dial a mattress right over the phone and hundreds more are doing it every week Because more and more of us are catching on well. I've been doing it for quite a few years now Last several mattresses I bought I just made that one easy call 1 800 mAT T RES that's all you do just call 1 800 mattress you'll talk to an expert bed and consultant Not just an operator somebody knows bedding inside and out and you'll have a great night sleep We're sure from dial a mattress for years to come they got the best mattresses and there were no brands Nobody ever heard of only the best they got silly they got service Simmons King Coral and every size every style You want a king you want a twin you want a queen and dial a mattress is ranked number one a customer status fashion They've got more repeat and referral customers than anybody because they know how to treat their customers right Once you buy a mattress and dial a mattress you'll never go back to a sure mug game And don't forget when you buy a mattress and dial a mattress they set up the brand new and take away that Crapi old smelly soil bedding for free That's right dial a mattress sets up your brand new one and takes away the crappy old stain bedding for free no matter how Unccess it might be make the call right now You'll be sleeping great as soon as tonight. They'll be there whenever you want within the two our window called dial a mattress 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S that's 1-800-MAT-R-S The smart way to get you a great new name brand better in an unbeatable price What you found political life got you down and Prime ministers just mind enough and you find Americans also do And that was a good stuff And you know it's time to move a whole Two hundred thousand troops have been sent by the US with 50,000 brick districts in place The coalition now has 14 countries more or less and 15 who don't want to get Then they've got 3rd man the Prime Minister will soon be asked for likely to leave his job The stunts are why now shoot me care Happy clea with the Carlisle through complete will be the delightful Mr Tony Blair Jesus Christ I will let you stay to watch your back for the attack as a show of support as a good taste And with both our real idea of the end of course us Pakistan's Our credibility goes right away Don't fire out in the portrait of the high-level young ages will be there with Mr Blair deciding And that said I love those endings don't you just sit there and you wait that little symbol of the end You know what the symbol was 126 2016 and five 16 WCM here comes Muffigan He loves when these numbers come on man gives him so much to do. Thank you so much. Let's see here's the break time up by month George. You want to hear these By the way, do you notice fox sports? I mean Thus basically vanished from the dial 50,000 watts in the middle of the dial and they vanished they disappeared I wonder Jim Sarnie's gonna write about that that Grow test piece of turd over to Sunsonl Well, who right whatever man it tells him and very jackass Who right whatever jack wacky jackie and gray tone For to Sunlville more still upright the billboard is still up Donna. How do I get red group here on BMEs over to WCM That's what Muff said and believe me he's checked Let's see six to midnight man 18 plus uh oh four two to a three nine. That's the station I don't play must Uh oh Oh Here are the numbers month by month from going back to October in a morning min Is this for me by the way can I keep these thank you so much that muff is the best you know He's doing it and spite of all of his faults Let's see October Mo had a three three then November four nine December four three January that big five five we said the moment is finally arrived and then February down to a three one Three point one no one of the station went in the toilet October we had a six point eight here in midday November seven seven December a very Aberen four point nine we got punished in December because I'm a prick January a five point one back up a little bit and then February a seven four oh to that So we're proceeding into the third and fight a month of the winter book with a pretty decent number there If you ask me I could be wrong but it looks pretty decent and then and they have to know in the Humper October a three point four no November a six point two remember was big for us a lot of a wired diaries. I mean December four point two January four point six with operant at a four point one He used to do a lot better to the six you know in fact the whole station but then again We got the problem over where do we put the mad dog. I think in the morning would be good Don't you yeah Joe and a man Joe rose demand it's guilty in there do the updates and squeal a little bit Make a few sounds like that. Huh now we'd miss guilty when he gets a DSP and job So there are the month by month keep make sure we keep these do something frame them Stick on top of the monitor the stick him 567.0560 I'm just confused and dizzy from all of the stuff. I mean the first day out of the box coming back in the town And we're getting a brand new computer thanks to me Thanks all the big bucks on making on buying it That this you know this studio is basically like a shrine to this show really because it's all they they've done nothing for us They put the same crappy board that we had done on the second floor five years ago. Oh, you're gonna get a great new board if if the audience could see you know I want you to do and Put it on our website take a photo with your digital camera of the other studio For you know Seriously take a photo of the sports studio with a 75 microphones around and all the fancy schmancy equipment and then take a photo of in here And put the two side by each on our website so the audience can see where we rate in this joint Okay, how much and and you should have taken it when poor moth used to sit in at the height here that Clevver citizen right now Would at particle board desk in his that I had to embarrassed them into buying from he used to sit in the height here the three-year-old Sit-in when we first came up here on the third floor Remember I'm I'm not exaggerating was dead look like a little baby's height here like a card table. Yeah. I like like we're gonna play poker over there God almighty and you know what George says if you like her poker 5 6 7 0 5 60 don't forget George will be trying to get laid to staff know between two and four the lifestyles convention Maybe some real beauties will show up like we had on that website till they the hot couple Some real lovely so those were make believe teeth on that the Partly thank God I don't want to say anything You know I was afraid to say too much about them pictures here is North Miami be a North Palm Beach, though Oh, yeah, I knew yes, sir happy 12th I knew no one hour. I have heavy It was about 20 to one clock time Whatever it is, yeah, just a few things two things It's nothing to do with each other regarding the mountains. I'm a great Marlon fan and my father was a great baseball fan I'm alcohol and the Gishpile whatever I grew up with baseball So I'm not deserving the Marlon until they you know till they just leave now So I'm going and There have in hot dogs free hot dogs Yeah Well what I would be a lot of free one is there. I know Free wing free there is gonna be a free game show But I don't know what what's gonna be included but probably different from any other free game show because it's opening day And then of course the fireworks or the post game show and I don't know how many they're expecting How many are expecting for what for the game? I don't know how many they're opening day I don't know how many they forecast that I really don't find the tickets We're going there we're gonna get there a two Which is something unusual because we usually get to if we do go to a regular season game We walk in in the first or second any right well opening is always gigantic and that course They put a bunch of ringers in there to make sure it's a seller You know that's true. Yeah, I know Anyway the second thing was and probably not much interest to some of your listeners Well, let me tell you what it is That's going on here. What do you say? There's ratings aren't that much interesting, but it's important to the people in the business. You know they're not going to be worth This is more important to you and me my grandmother and then my mother used to use here So I couldn't understand why Oh And I remember a few years ago you were gonna take or you were taking some huge classes Um, that is during your college. No, I was taking a tiny class. It's not yet as class How long guys I really do watch it. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah It was your Italian it was like Ravi or these that are really prep lock Well, I was speaking your prep lock. Come on right-end up don't give me that the anticipatory look Go ahead, shoot. That's just full of stuff Isn't one of the junior colleges or maybe it's Boko community or Boko for the FAU or one of those courses one of those schools don't they have a Yiddish Course you're asking me Well, I don't know. I thought maybe you knew well, well, why do you want to know all things yet if you did just listen to the show You were in all the Yiddish you need okay, sir and have a great day. Talk for hoist and I see George said that okay, because that's one of his 10 words I Don't more than that look at this person's 25 to 54 George baby see we need a big march I'll do people out there today's March 27th We need a gigantic march. We need to make sure even though we only have four days left in March Everybody in their brother listens to the Yiddish You know, I'll do show religiously morning noon and night even though we're not on morning and night That's right. We even try to goose mo up there a little bit we'd make some bonus money Let's get QA back on a map especially now that Fox sports is falling off the pace of the year Like they don't even exist Especially since we got the facilities of like look at that has five to 10 percent so there's yeah CNBC to gambling channel that was down 76 to NASDAQ down another 12 nothing too monumental But not the arrows ain't pointing away to Russian probably investors out there and I'm not hoping people lose any more money even I'm not in any more I don't want to see any more people losing their life savings We're getting suckered in snook it in that crap anyway. Did I mention these numbers? No not yet 10 a.m. The 3 p.m. person's 25. 54 October 4.5 no 15.5 point oh December 2.8. See now that would I mean December we just got nailed Another the wall we got crucified. I don't think in the history of meat You see the purple My God that's not an email that's from those nails we got nailed it. He's so January back up to a 33 and February a 6.8 The biggest month maybe in I mean that and of course when you know how many men as opposed to women That means we got about a 13 share in men 25 to 54 Is that incredible or what so last month that was the mole mice through who actually salvaged the individual month this month? The course it's old fails a sell while the rest of the station is sucking wind mad dog I'll include it of course 10 to three Neil in the mad dog In fact why don't we call midday Neil in the mad dog huh on the billboards? Even though he doesn't recognize the fact that I'm alive and he's not here today anyway He's not here you know how many weeks Daisy takes off every month We don't leave too much especially in February Right No seriously April He's a busy man. He's a busy guy. He's busy. He's busy. He's a good stuff and people and whatever we can do more power to him. I love the mad dog He's our partner in crime in a midday here on QAM Okay, well here's you got a send a letter to Bill Clinton and the yada. Okay. Thank you I mean, I thought that I don't want to take that seriously, but I just don't have all the time to read all of these great facts That people are sending me who are all whipped up into a frenzy. I appreciate to affect that they're whipped up They're whipping it Here's a fast the listeners can watch the video feed of the CBC at this link CBC dot CAs slash newscast.html You know something you ought to put a link on at the Carlos People want to see the real news the way it's supposed to be delivered huh? Save that fact. It's just a shit. It's good on okay So that was the feed for two days after you mentioned it. I'm impressed at how balanced the coverage is They are very professional and makes new realize that we've lost it here in the USA What it comes to journalism under no journalism going on here in this war coverage out in this country I was already thinking about checking out Canada move there now. I know why you live there most of the year Hope to see you in Toronto one day. Keep up the good work 80,000 people on the streets of Toronto up and down across the US Consulate and then on young street all up and down downtown on Saturday 80,000 protesting the war Here they were all all the getks keys over there at the beach fest and for Lauderdale finding Jesus I sure hopefully two Jesus to subway for a sandwich 26 past huh His name is Jared Who's during not Jesus the god it goes to subway Bad joke Why What what do you like you understand what that means Well, what what does it mean? I know I'm a little slow, but what is there any that fat ass on the subway commercials? Oh, I'm sorry the former fat ass Oh, nothing is name is Jared yeah, that's what I said. I say it's a Jerry Jerry Jerry Jared That's a Jared. I don't want to hear about Jared okay he makes me sick Makes me want a puke he's got that saw some subway coming out of his ears At least I think that's what it is 27 after he has a wife you know after no, yeah good good for her. Okay Can't even imagine what he's doing that's put long from subway Hey, do you have $2,000 more on a credit card if so listen to this Debitcated consumer counseling will help you and it'll cost you nothing That's right it'll cost you Zipo zero not a penny Debitcated is a nonprofit company that'll contact the companies you will money to and they'll cut your payments in half Call 1-800-4-0-debt That's 1-800-4-0-0-0-D-E-B-T and debbitcated will help you cut your interest rate Limit late fees and save your credit. It'll cost you nothing The bank pays debbitcated you pay absolutely the big Zero so if you're trying to find a credit card debt called debbitcated today 1-800-4-0-debt Call and find out how debbitcated can help you you got nothing loose if you've had it with credit card debt High interest rates and late fees Here's the thing to do call debbitcated consumer counseling and they be handled for you from there Call right now 1-800-4-0-debt don't forget it cost you absolutely positively nothing Is sports when you'll find safety Rejoice well thank you I'm fine over here. Who compacted a superfluous kind of linguists of the Mohahood and David at open where we got the three-quollas on power rotation for your perusy You know what but just better not be about hokey we got special guests today no one's allowed in here Let's take a four-foot air king good good good To a sack already for them. Oh What is my some moves that's your insons you know Try home with us today Never heard of you well I wonder why what do you do you you got an act? Yeah, yeah exactly like what we spend the wheel Wherever the wheel stops we grab me off of it. We slam it and you name it what's funny about that Well, you got a point there. Why can't you just ask me a question you ready to push your into a level You're that funny, huh? Oh, I got news for you pal you both stink I'm a precipice getting fired at it right now. Well, I'm gonna get out of my place of business. No I don't write something I'll give you one more chance to show me which I got both of this And really funny because I got a really full bladder All right these were things that probably adults would know they're like old saying And I want you to fill in the blank. You know how to do that. Yeah, here we go the bigger they are the harder they Get to the What do you do Can play with clearest you can do clearest laugh? How dare you laugh at me? I suppose you want to rape me now Yeah, start looking that would be wild. Yeah, I Don't even care Yeah, go be hold my green things Okay What are you looking at? Preggle face family and you guys got a condo that's condo, what up? Yeah, I do. I mean I don't such does Fine, and I might as well one is I didn't do it today. Okay now you have to say spin your meat reconcile Let's do it Oh, I'm out of what's I'm out of I was shooting first See I told you not my day So J Okay It's not right in bursting Poison Oh, clean it 26 to one is five sixty WQAM And here's a good defaction our buddy Phil one of our fills out there. It's his colon policy quoted as saying Al's is here has an editorial line in a way presenting news that appeals to the era of public They watch it and they magnify the minor successes of the regime and they portray our efforts in an negative light Phil goes on to say is this guy is Demisee sounds that sounds like that's like saying sure and tastes mother was presenting Charles Manson's efforts in a negative light Nice going Phil excellent analogy there very good 560 560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon line there's one of my favorite people with two first names Fred Francis They put out a million barrels a day. Yeah, yeah, and this computer. I we're getting rid of this thing just in time. You know It's out of virtual memory and this thing keeps going on. I can't get rid of that thing on there All right anyone look at that getting the new computer is it gonna be here tomorrow? We hope we can't hope we have to do it. I can't I can't do a show here without a real computer This is for the audience we apologize. Okay, but it's QAM. We have to get our own crap You should have alerted me that because I would have had it here today bitch in about it for a long time Nobody should have told me because you know what it'd be I'm right. I can afford a few bucks Since we either bought or begged or borrowed or stolen from everybody else for the refrigerator for the microwave the TV the resatellite dish the VCR almost everything This old computer we got here the espresso machine Unheard of in the history of broadcasting ladies and gentlemen You think that you think that cheap channel is cheap. They got nothing on the beesleys No wonder that Bob for both told me that they used to they used to live in a tree You've heard of a tree house you've heard of people that live under the overpass like a little beiner boy here But these people used to live in a tree and used to play a banjo for change. Is there like a little tin cup? Yeah, we'll strum for change Kind of like what Monica used to say will hum for change Here's a call from Miami. Hello You do numbers by the way good kill some good time in yeah You want to actually hear about fox sports three a PM in the afternoon and George Nori I'm crappy so Yeah, the numbers on that oh well we don't have the hour by hour but Fox any afternoon was like fill off the face of the earth You want me I'll give you there three to seven or clock number in men They went from about 1.9 away 0.9 Oh yeah Was the second one What what time is he on Oh my gosh, oh well all we can tell is how fill and George Nori are doing it They went from a three five to a three point nine so they went up a little bit, but uh, yeah, okay and They're out of this world is what I hear Love you okay, thanks Yeah, a little bit of beiner boy he listens to George Nori Which I'd be embarrassed to admit that I've had no stress that I'd be embarrassed to admit anybody I listen to that outer space of bizarre or a psychopathic You know many people listen to that about 3d man 23 till 1 we got Joe Rose the little dog for the big dog The man how was those dogs and Look at book a brine came in here. Do they even though he's not getting the check cuz you're I got your disguessed it. They before I left that's what made me sick Now I got to this it's game with the net FedEx showed up because since since a cough drop boy This screw up my I thought they're gonna come and take me away Trying to smuggle in planvix there through the god damn mail. Don't take you away. They take the sender Exactly, I said return to center then take his ass away What brings you in there? You must have a new disc No, I just wanted to see you kiss you touch you. I don't want to touch you. I don't want to see you I don't want to touch you. Especially after you left me hang in there. What was he thinking about last? Where to flush and Don't be given me this. I was on vacation, but one the amount vacation that means I come back on Monday And I should have the goods in my hand, you know Nobody wants to come back without the good way of empty handed Like Michael and a guy father. Nobody wants to come out of the team. I would nothing in their hand, but they're strong Dixie but they're Dixie's long and Dixie cup and Dixie chicks Maybe that's who Carlos was doing the Dixie chicks. You think so? No, he won't do anybody not even himself. He can't find it He can't find it In fact if don't you later wants to be a lot happier with us here at QM? We're gonna put the next billboard up. We're gonna Clarence Dero's picture up there. We'll put Josh Dero up here on the billboard big picture saying No balls and we'll have Greg read on the other side although we got to give Greg credit He didn't cave in this time. Huh? I'm like kind of leaves I'm like that. I'll be disgusting crowd. What was corporate's fault? I see. Well, it's always corporate's fault. It's not Greg He's got a pair. That's the rumor 21 till 1 F5 60 WQM. Well, let's turn into a decent Thursday because the numbers we had at least a good February We have to go through this every goddamn month. I understand why we're also screwed up in this business every month By the way speaking of persons 2554 how did the morning look there not for us where we know about I don't see it I'm talking about like for Ron and Paul how it's sperm at a 6.90 said 69 69 69 69 3 months in a row. He stuck on 69 6.9 Good for number 2 now behind hot What is with hot what oh it's the fly-jock? Is that what it is? Who is so back on a guiding when he was terrible on guiding light? awful Alan Spawny by the way is what's his guess his father? And there was Ron and Paul oh, I think we have already saw this 347 403 eight Down and down and down and down we go where we stop nobody knows What's that song around and round it go Very common now no not don't play round and round that All thing called it a little hell love wasn't it was a see book a brown window and he goes walking out That little thing he has a tea ball to geek 20 till one at five sixty wq a amount of time about something good for that I've been taken and look what great J-farmant All you're meant what are you laughing about it's good for your blood pressure my blood pressure is outstanding by the way the rest me not too good Anyway, only made really worse for your only might soft yells contain pharmaceutical grade out of world the best of money can buy Not just plain ordinary pedestrian olive oil, but great stuff that is super concentrated and loaded with health benefits for you All of you made every day can help reduce the risk of heart disease in high cholesterol plus there are 14 different Odeomit formulas to choose from he knows the song Oh, I will black magic I'm just gonna save you all that old black magic Healy Smith and Louis Prima that's the one that's one I'm thinking of thank you, that's he's old too And there are now 14 different Odeomit formulas to choose from each one combines pharmaceutical grade Alloy with vitamins minerals or bulls or some say herbles. I don't know why to support specific needs from your bones to your blood pressure to your immune system Just pick out the formulas that are right for you and now they got three new Odeomit formulas One to help you sleep one to help you control your weight and self-utane for your heart You'll find Odeomit at public's echrets while green soul food markets devars and sedanos or you can order it online at olio-minumericad.com for info column tool free 1-866 Odeomit That's one 866 653633 get your Odeomit today start feeling to help a lot better and Let's see this thing uh until 328 Is the tennis tournament going on yeah, I guess so because it says till 328 which is tomorrow if you're planning on attending the NASDAQ 10 Assurance this way be sure and stop by the Odeomit both they'll be given away free samples of their product and Maffling away gift baskets packed with Odeomit products so you can start popping it in your post real soon Beat that jader meat And set the final start The moment is gone these ill-a-truck and solos hard I'm hoping for country or sleepy for it's all done Other than that one life song where's Kelly Clarkson Here sings and tattoos and show the girls in belly shirts Smoking marijuana and then sucking on their stern Each one of them dreaming that they might just be a star when you cook in their talent Little Mason jar Okay 1246 now what is this thing this is a lady what does her name her name is a Katie 80 Kate addie Kate addie from the BBC and she's pissed You found a political life got you. Oh, so I'm okay. Yeah, well, I she sounded pretty good. She sounded British to me Either that it was maybe Prince Charles. No, K-80 you're joining us from the BBC and London Thank you very much for going to all this trouble and something wanted to come and join us I thought you were watching with a mixture of emotions this war beginning to happen because you're not gonna be covering it Oh, I will be and what actually it falls me is the difference between 12 years ago I've seen the complete erosion of any kind of acknowledgement the report is should be able to report as they Wittness the Americans I've been talking to the Pentagon take the attitude which is entirely hostile to the free spread of information I was told by a senior officer in the Pentagon that if a link that is the television signals out of back dad for example were detected by any Plains electronic media Mediums of the military about back that they'd be far down on even if they were journalists who cares That's okay, just to just on the mind that sorry to interrupt you Just to explain for our listeners up links is where you would have your own satellite telephone Method of the stability of the defense the killer films and the television things and they'll be fired on Yes, they would be targeted down said that oh, sure Oh, shameless he said well he said very they know this they've been warned This is threatening freedom of information before using get to war the second thing is that there was a massive news blackout imposed in the last Gulf war Where I was one of the pool correspondence with the British Army we effectively had very Very light touch when it came to any kind of censorship We were told that anything which was going to endanger true slides which now the sort we shouldn't broadcast on them now We were relatively free unlike our American colleagues we immediately left their pool after about 48 hours having just had enough of it And this time the Americans are a asking a Journalists who go with them whether they are they have feelings against the war And therefore if you'll use our that you are skeptical then you're not particularly acceptable secondly they're in telling in In telling to take control of the Americans Technical equipment those up links and satellite phones by talking about and control access to the air waves and then on top of everything else There is now a blackout which was imposed during the last war at the beginning of the war Was offered by one mr. Dick Cheney who isn't trying to this I? I mean normally it has a mystic of the chance of decent On the spot reporting as the war occurs we will get it later Kate Eddie from the BBC that's not a bit that's for real and she has pissed off and fired up just a little Some of the past along. I'll tell you another should we do some of these ladies There's a lady in my case. Hello Wow, hi, how are you? I've been on hold for three minutes. Sorry. Well, I just wanted to call you know me once I get going Pop pop pop pop pop pop pop. They call me motor mouth. You know I just pinched her You are a bashing woman. I just wanted to call too. You know Here's a good lady To save the effemel gender Exactly. I don't want anything from you. It's good man. You got to get your son faster. I drove from Palm Beach. I'm down in Miami now You have a look at the progress you're making now Only you're going in the wrong direction. I think oh I'm going to visit my parents. Okay. Like I said Thanks lots. We don't have a great day. Thanks. See we got a whole bunch of ladies and I are told you you're Now you don't have anyone. Listen Here's a here's a lady in Miami. Hello Hi, me. Yes, man. I just want to let you know that we're not all blood sucking ditches You hear those two rods Oh, I have something to give you okay? I get it saying yes They talk and oil the yam. Okay back at you Thanks, have a nice day You too. Right get cocking off a new home, which means take a good in the water But I'm not going to do it in the water. I'm going to do it in the lobby of the emergency room at the Cleveland Clinic a big no Sir, I'm going to have wild diarrhea The likes of which you've never seen or smell I mean you is steaming pile of experiment. That's right a steaming humongous pile That thing is going to be whafting from western to a Washington That's how erromatic it's going to be humongous aromatic and nasty you've got some color It's going to be huh? Thanks to George for my center. Okay. I'm gonna be good at it earlier because you can't tell unless something changed I'm probably because my blood is bleeding up into my head. Oh, is that it? And tell a ljudy just to calm down. Okay. I mean Lots of people get that easy bruising. I mean, she is such a nervous num. I mean, she means well, but then again so did Hitler. Yeah No, but at just relax you they don't get up tight. Okay. He ain't getting any of this week. I'll tell you that Nobel winners arrested at White House war protest. Nobel prize winners arrested at White House war protest Police arrested tuna bell prize winners allow with more than 60 other people protesting on Wednesday Yesterday near the White House against the Westside War in Iraq Police handcuffed Mary Corrigan McGuire who won the prize in 76 for peace activism in northern Ireland conflict and Joe de Williams in 1997 winner for her work to ban landmines after they refused to leave Lafayette Park opposite the home of the West president The Nobel laureates were detained along with religious leaders and Vietnam era protestor Daniel Ellsberg Is they sat in a circle in the park and chanted peace shalom They held roses as well as gruesome posters showing civilian casualties from the war and Guarartold Rodgers before being taken away That she planned the stage in anti war protest each day outside of White House to label 18 good Friday on a Christian calendar In Northern Ireland we were encouraged to resolve our problems with dialogue and I like to see that happen here She added who said she had asked President Bush to meet her Instead of him meeting her the Apollis met her and a took her way to the huskah And local this is for trail by city Don't Oh Oh Rep ripple kid I'm gonna get muscle in and in our dignity I don't know why they won't want to die But not easy to get First rules of that for years With president dumb shit I'm gonna get to you I'm gonna get to you I'm gonna go home from home And get to we all hold it home And get to you I'm gonna go home If you want this Don't don't love this Rubin' stupid Don't love old man This drug is rich kid Don't love old man He's even Lumber than me He's president You're gonna get what it took You got him in by hook or broke Everything wrong No one does you and I But how don't be there We've got a great leader here With president dumb shit What is it? I'm gonna get to you I'm gonna get to you Oh that could happen again in a minute and years I did it again Nobody will ever know what it was That's okay You don't need to know It was incredible Anyway Joe Rose was just in help me on next for the mad dog And he said the Donna Shalala Roll up here Where just we aren't I hear she's got a big pair Is the room where I'm hearing Anyway How's that pull coming? 516 votes Which of these do you think is doing a best covering the war MSNBC 102 Yeah Don't know Not watching any of it 90 CNN 79 BBC 79 How do you like that? The internet 74 NBC 24 CBC 23 NPR 22 ABC 14 And CBS Socket win Way in last place with nine Nine Huh? Like Allison Wonderland Next time you turn on channel four folks A flood of tears coming from the CBS I Man Pathetic Traject I mean if we want to see then Reduced the tears We've seen it before Been there done that you know Right Did he help We want to see the CBC Don't forget George of the out today One quick last done a promo So maybe some of you want to show up I mean he had lucky Well that's why Boca Brian's here He's going to go over there Try to get lead to Two to four the staff know George and Boca Brian at the Dobeho Tell Miami Beach For Lifestyles Convention Stop by for all of his activities A couple's only event No single perverts Only couple perverts Then five to seven stuff by Bass Pro I'll let out on 85 different roads Spin the deal for QM prizes Heat and Cains tickets to the bunch of other cheap crap Joe Rose for the mad dog Bye bye bye We're not talking about women No