It was beyond a joke. They lived on but hold road I like living right near a but's road in Voka Anyway, Neo the Marlins one-of-world championship What cynical things do you have to say about him today? Oh, you either wanted to they'd win it all right. I have a rubber creeper won't open my pot that little Jew bastard He's on the take for Darrell even I'm hiring a hitman to take care of that son of a bitch up there that right. I was your vacation How the hell can he still be working there that little self-hating piece of crap Heinrich Kimber Jr that goose stepping right-way and piece of turd yeah Am I vacation was okay? Oh, was it how was the weather? Congratulations on some decent numbers there? Yeah, they're not bad. I got a lot of work to do you still have a lot of work to do. I do you know I mean I was expecting double visits from a big shot like you Yeah, I just support you know that's strong lead in with Mo, right? Yeah, you know like it and he couldn't have been there today. He's got to be out there in the forest fires and say we have footage Of the forest fires listen you're gonna like this. This is us this morning. I was in San Diego listen So a very difficult situation and the bottom line on now is there an M Where we stand here in California is only seven o'clock You know, yeah, this is going on though. God is punishing the Californians for our own if you do understand I know that's exactly what it is now who went the Dobbins game and I based on them moving the game there asona I think probably we can fire it out fired out they already got fired out in San Diego So caught on fire out there. I think it would be great. We have a win if the most hair caught on fire About those patriots by the way. Yeah, I picked them again. That could have been the worst football game ever watching Yeah, what was it nine six or something nine to three? Yeah, I went to a game with Seattle in the giant last year There was six to three it was the worst nightmare in my life. I hate that crap. I'm going to the Coltskin Sunday I want to see the Area attack that's so impressive from that team That was asking me before who oh when you was what did you get back? I said I got back to Toronto Saturdays Oh, you watch the series game Saturday night. I said no. I watched the leafs game. I watched the real sport Yeah, I got pansy like you watching baseball. Oh, yeah, like like that's funny I was thinking about the leafs because it was morning I got my leaf sweater. I got all my stuff move from New York. They said don't buy a house for all in my amy But I did and now I'm living in a big huge script. I got my leaf jersey up I know you're pretty excited about that. Have a nice day now. Well, because I like I like I like their sweater That's good. We do have a good sweater. We may have a crap team most years, but we got a good favor Tuesday signed in Vancouver He got 27.8 million US dollars to play in Vancouver and they had another big night for Doug Gilmore on Saturday at the Erkandis Center. They're always honoring why did the players get you as a money? Chies that lives in the past why do they get US money if they live in Canada and Error is occur on my page here. Can you believe that I can't believe it? Why is it that Canadian hockey players that play in Canada get US money? Because they got good agents. That's why I guess so because why the NHL is an American sport in Pader US money too if you had a good idea I thought they said that was the Canadian sport. It must be an American sport because it's in New York a bunch of losers But you're American. There's Duffas and Keybuckers Duffas and Keybucker fan of feedback. Did you know that? Oh, that's right. That's why Duffa said he was going to the keys for big occasion He was going to the keys. Is her autobiography? It's called one of the pink and one of the stink Oh That is sweet. That made my damn gonna go drive the I'm gonna go to the keys right now. Okay I'm gonna go get my new car. Don't say another word because each one could be your last I missed these. Oh, that's what they said, but you know I think you're in four months I was here four months one ratings book one rainy Do you remember your very first ratings book ever in Miami? Yeah, it was pretty weak. Okay. Well, then I was on KT was really lean. I'm working real hard here Because I have a zero lead in and then I got what are you talking about? I got bad on the old man had a number here because he had a big lead in Jordan Mark those batches finally caught on with a perverted radio They caught on it. That's the difference. That's the difference. Well, that's the difference. Well That's the only reason he had any audience he had some sloppover Yeah, you ever noticed he always looks like he's got a sloppover He's so mad that like he lives in this little villa in in the June neighborhood up there in Boca playing golf every day I was like and I bought a big fat house right out of street from him and my big freaking Shale and he's living in this little teeny villa with his smelly wife Here's me like this. Here's me like this. Hey, Mo. How do you like me now? Yeah, we'll hear man. That's a difference. Yeah. I got some real trim to know like that bag of prunes He's got impress my Oh Oh Oh Just in time for Ramadan we got some more dead people in Iraq Yeah, we'll talk about that. I think we should probably take that line six that's ringing right now. Don't you you order to welcome me back WM deals back Hello, hello, yes, sir. I Yes, I was loving I need to make a question of what they feel in the dolphin covering this better nasty What's this bread and that game pal? I think it's three no no chance. I think they're gonna take the pipe tonight often the night on a win. I think they're gonna lose I think it's gonna be one of the upsets of the century. I think they're gonna get burned out Call a sports show. Okay, a little punk. Okay, grow up here and call them the sports shows call up Fox sports. They can use your call. Okay Call up the fan the a fan the a fanatic the Jock's nipper call up one of those macho real men sports agents. Okay, kid Don't be wasting this is a high paid number one radio show and I got in Georgia to hell of a job by the way Did he scots he sure did he did a hell of a job this past week I was even on the line course now anywhere in the world you can't escape no mode Because we've got the internet cafes in every day you go on at internet cafe and you can check your email Sasha you didn't cafe and you're satin in a cafe Especially if you're real gay and your name is fake and Anyway, and you check the website and there was your ex-dog George's poll Which you had a couple of good polls on there? I did good on that one There will be a trust the most which shows you how stupid these people are they trust me right? I would be like the house I can throw me Although I would say this they trust their parents. I think I was third. Wasn't I yeah? You were right behind him in balance in parents Right, yeah parents. They trust their parents more than me Which your parents had a one to two to about God and about 20 claws and the tooth fairy They lie through their teeth and about how they never did this and they never did that and how come you do it all these Preverted things you're smoking at nasty weed that they never did because they were wholelier than now Right your parents lie through their teeth your whole freaking life Which is my most of your neurotic and the shrinks are making so much money But they trust their parents. Well goody goody good to two shoes for them Car bombs rock bag dad bad news Car bomb a struck the international red cross headquarters and four police stations across Baghdad today Killing almost 40 people depending on who you believe CNN which lies a lot They say it's 30 ap says it's 39 and CBS news says almost 40 so it's either Or 40 in a capital on the first day of the Muslim holy month of Ramadan according to police and US military reports About 10 were killed at the International Red Cross and 27 elsewhere Most of the Miracques, but including at least one US soldier the other story that's said at least two every day It's two and three and four and a small and it's just in a public sits back Like like like this punk call in and oh, you think they can be the spread in the game tonight. Get spread this. Okay spread your cheek back home idiot you simple that you twizzling Man and who the hell might have you talking I watched that then game yesterday The Patriots and the Browns between the two teams man there was enough excitement and it came to tell I the guy they match There was nothing it was crap Accepted the Tom Brady still look pretty good, but other than that man was that garbage and I watched it You want an ally? Why because it was on oh The bombings came hours after clashes in the bag that area killed three US soldiers overnight And they after insurgents devastated a hotel full of US occupation officials with a rocket barrage killing US Colonel wounding 18 other people That was the hotel in which US deputy defense secretary Paul Wolfowitz was in but was on a herd dammit Since President Bush announced the end of major combat and Iraq may first 214 US soldiers have been killed in hostile action You know, they don't count the main than they severely wounded armless legless blind Right, I like I'm talking about chemical all over the political armless and legless allie that's got like all artificial limbs now It's supposed to be so happy and excited about it right lucky allie yeah Yeah lucky allie probably kidded that lucky dog to blind a defend that one with no legs Oh, brother in a public like I said sit back. We loved our lands They want a series and now we're like they shots, you know You're still the same pieces of crap that you always were before your freaking marlins one of world series I got two poles on the on a year marlins today too now one count them for a pair We get to the results from George's a marginal pull over the weekend. That was okay Very good pull. I liked it although I I still don't like the way you were to fix it I'm sorry, no, it should have been it should have been drooling southerners See have better than my my lingo drooling southerners that really makes it very specific people like Jesse Helms You know people like anybody from Texas or Louisiana or Mississippi or Alabama Them crowd that judge more, you know, oh, yeah from Joe Joe he's acted up again drooling rednecks That's it up in on there. So we'll give it a results to that one. We'll start with a first Marlon pull because obviously Look at the farm man. They're all whipped up. They want to say congratulations to the marlins to each and every player Congratulations to Josh Beck Beckett and Josh Dero and everybody else in the old the King Kong or the manager Jack McEan Right punch don't forget him and don't forget punch and fudge and all the fudge packers over there at the stadium We need a new stadium Cup the dough and when the balls has stays and starts. Let's all get together and go. Oh no Oh, because they blow 10 13 to 5 60 W to come. Can you see the excitement can you smell it in the air? Hmm all the way up here. I can smell at aroma a fresh baked and don't forget square hands book now one in the pink and one on the stink Speaking of diet Everybody now is on a low carb diet and that's why you ought to be at the lights of West Booker because this is Unmatchable so I've ever just think I'd love to know things too that probably who's got this account now is it? The trade I don't know. We don't mind yeah. Troy the boy. He's doing one hell of a job Not in fact our whole sales department blows worse than ever before you want a good B. J. Man just call anybody else sales department because they blow Howard David's bitch my god. No, yeah, you are the material girl. Yeah, but I still felt like something was missing And what was that something threatening It was just a friendly kid cool. Yeah, who is it incredible really? Yeah, and fun and I don't know why people are making such a big deal about it You really don't I really don't you really don't have an anyone ever seen some girls kiss before? Well, I don't know most of America has gone right ahead really. Yep. My kid. Okay Okay Yeah, the thought is disgusting 10 19 at 5 60 WM I want to tell you the book you must read Dude, where's my country Michael more than you book I read it on a plane and like in one sitting in my hotel room. It is phenomenal Okay, Michael more for president. Oh, that's what I say he'd be the best Dan rather's an asshole. I want to mention that even though I've been watching CBS news for years. See here's the difference Here's the difference Walbert Kronkai who used to be of course for many many years The respected father of American news on CBS TV he retires they shove him into the background But he still I got the presence and the the conscience to keep writing these columns in different newspapers and appear on the king myster things like that and the speaking out against the war what an asshole bushes But in the meantime here his successor Dan rather Who everybody knows is a Texas liberal which is unusual, but nevertheless and he still comes on there and sucks up to what end Distorts and twist the news like everybody else and goes on king and says well I'm an American I have to do that which I never realizing until I read this book Are you ready for that? No, I'm not enough to make me almost watch Tom Brokoss see I would I would turn over to NBC news permanent If they would put Brian Williams on there all the time yeah Brian Williams is great. He's an excellent You know I've been a word broke us as right you can't he's got a terrible speech defect He's gonna have naked pictures of the peacock and everybody else associated with general electric because there's no other way in the world He would be on there Tom Brokoss at a squeeze So I would definitely watch them if they would just put Brian Williams at or at least call me at home And let me know what nice brown lady must be doing the note not and then I will have to be watching Dan turn coat rather You make me sick Dan. I've lost any respect I ever had for you your piece of crap Everybody please go out and buy the book today Dude wears my country Michael more his a genius is a freaking genius who's got a big big smelly pair nice gone Mike Here's the result from Friday from your poll Who has the most obnoxious sounding on the by the way speaking of the George being on his poll things like that? It's about time that the audience has been ripping George and ass and sometimes deservedly so for all this time Realizes that this summer book. He finally broke out of the pack I'm looking at the hour by hour here at the shares from the summer book the four highest hours In terms of rating and in terms of People listening Well, I'm actually managed to end the rating 777 and 3 to 4 hours, but but forget about that But in terms of people listening are tend to each and every one of our four hours And George was on I would say well of course September I was on Right, but July and August you went like more than 50 percent I was on maybe percent and George was on the rest of the time especially August when I get a week off in there So all these and I would also want to save this instead been away and even I can go online and read whatever I want I wouldn't waste my time with a son sentland here or what I'm an Amsterdam, but I'm sure there must be a whole bunch of articles about the rating right Kevin Jack there and I'm jica I'm all these people have it. They were in the in the gym Sarny that grow test piece of turd that fat tub piece of crap and very jackass with a little brown paper sack Didn't they write all kinds of stuff about Qaman is big summer book Know about how George and you have this gigantic number and even Mohad a number That was beautiful for us for well did the good and really good in this first full book Huh, did I write that now how mad dog and Hank were spectacitor any afternoon? Didn't write that crap when you guys suck okay Tom jica you may not be good but least you're consistent you suck you blow You bite All he writes is his puck pieces the same crap and the only time we wrote about anything local in the last seven months was he wrote Ricky Sanchez is coming back I'm channel whatever it is seven six right whatever it is what who the hell cares That's what I be of a column about what's going on in a local market you're at ambicil Tom I'm embarrassed that they even let you in a station Speaking of embarrassing that number that you just facts me for the best of meal that is pathetic Yeah, that is tragic well 34,000 845 bucks all of us is missing online totals big red raving computer issues Whatever that means so we got about 35 grand and I would see end of October right there'll be more as soon as he gets those results There'll be more one more money We have I'm already adding another 155 bucks. No, did you get as well? Huh? I shouldn't open up a mountain so I know what we're actually gonna have on there Oh, you mean like a lot more? I don't know you know it's worth mentioning since we're talking about the Online store that these other products that that they have are really yeah Would have been nice to somebody would have told me about it. Why didn't know? I just saw the pictures online. I didn't know that these mugs were actually huge and substantial by the way Don't miss skin on fox TV on foxa. See that's the interesting thing This son of a bitch this group of Murdoch What a clever devious man. He said all along He takes his entertainment now work fox entertainment he puts on the raciest the most cutting edge The most of the hottest stuff that he can get away with and then he takes the fox new sting and he turns it into Deutsche Lando Barola. So he's so he's funding his right wing propaganda outlet with his entertainment Spicy crap on there. He's no dummy. Exactly. That's right and you don't even get that facts And I want to take another thing about him sky news, which is also a rumor Murdoch and People under they whisper the news. They just whisper it. It's almost like they're not getting paid enough They don't want to make the effort actually like move their lips when they're talking Especially the broads that are on and the queen said today that the scandal with the the Butler and it oh And that's the other thing would have pricked a Butler Paul Barrell as that his name Diana's Butler and he wrote this book and other all have an nervous breakdown and Prince William and Prince Harry And oh, gee you're a bad guy in his screw does over all this other crap and that's what they're worried about We got people dying every day in Iraq. We got Tony Blair as a freaking liar. Oh, and by the way Speaking of that big conference in the drill last week through all the donors there with a money to kind of bail our ass out Becca what 3.1 billion donated by Britain over a 40% of a disappeared. They don't know where it is Yeah, that's the latest scandal what they're worried about is some of the Butler wrote a book about Diana Who had a vision that she was gonna get she was she knew that they were gonna offer She wrote a letter to him saying that they were gonna kill you read that. I'm sure right They were gonna tamper with a breaks under car and the guess what oh your dead Diana, okay I'm sure that they killed a bitch don't you think sure? I think there's any questions. She was she was bad news Don't get in that Mercedes We're begging please Poverazzi's come in Have for you You gonna crash Princess She's really going into a tunnel hello The fish was in of course, it did two kids there to busy account in the money and out They're for busy count and get in the ladies spending all of them on the world money So they don't want any scandals, you know because got only those other crappies gonna spew out For example, Prince so what the hell see the queen's husband? Prince Philip oh Prince Philip allegedly said to her uh wrote a letter I can't imagine that anyone who it would leave you for a criminal a Parker bulls You ever see that bitch? Oh, yeah, very that real ducky looking nasty typical rid larby by the One of the good to those for everybody it hates the bristles much as I do there's still I can just the same silly crap over there When they go to Amsterdam no matter where they are there's silly they're embarrassing They were ridiculous and that's our ancestors that's we can always blame it on them all yours, maybe Not even oh that's right like I said and what about Scott that's his ancestors. Yeah, I don't think he's got any I think he's a crowd First of all, it surprised me when we get when we come by maybe he's Related to boy Gary step on him a step the set a lot of it is right 1027 at five 60 we'll get those pull results eventually we got the new pull up there about the marlins Look at the response that had phone about the marlins one world series We want to give everybody an opportunity to send the marlins their best and say thank you Thank you so much for what you did for us and for this community look at that little phone The new pull is up there what's your take on a new state of federal champion Marlins the world champion Marlins none of my text I was gonna build a 26 Let's do it they deserve it 13. I don't give a crap about it 10. It was great, but good by Marlins four They just want a world series now many we got four people say bye bye. Wow Hey imagine zero closing costs now with this copy I just don't have time to do it Go come on. Seriously because Todd Resson idiot and he's got all this because the agency sends him a pieces stuff That's obviously we're all for recorded spot and it's got all these booms in their boom and boom and boom I'd like to do a boom right on Todd Ress S Fees Imagine zero closing costs zero application fee zero credit bureau free if he is zero discounted point It's the last mortgage you'll ever need cut that crap the Revolutionary only one mortgage from the financial group Now with interest rate. It just 1.95% that's just 738 bucks a month for a 200 thousand dollar loan Once you refinance or get you a new home mortgage from financial group you'll never pay closing costs again Call 1-800-940 land grab real financing power with low rate mortgage that you can move to your next property Without further cost expense to only one mortgage from financial group for details call 1-800-940 It's a whole no way to buy zero underwriting fees zero dock fees zero prepayment penalty Zero closing cost even when you move to another property get financing it's just 1.95% and offer get never pay closing costs again Call 1-800-940 land that's financial group 1-800-940 L a and d their equal housing vendor restrictions apply rates up to change monthly 5.19 APR 08 outs oh You're a ghosting shawl. You gotta be so chill, right? What's wrong with your ass and sign? You watch men's night. You're a ghosting shawl. You're a substance, you're a real friend. You're a ghosting shawl. Screw it. You'll be the face of banging your knife. I'll smack your hair and bruise up your body the way you lie. Screw it. You get my phone thrown down and strong. You're terrible, but I'm too old and you're so terrible, it's wrong. You've got men, you lie. You just be my son. It's kind of a bitch, we die. You go out of two with that. You gotta take with the old bitch and die. Don't forget it's out this way, square and with a carotography. One of the pink, one of the stink. It's 133 at 560WQM1382 votes on George's pool. It's taken me a long time to get around with this. Yeah, we got a lot of catchin' up to do. Who has the most up, not just sounding accent, draw or a speech pattern? George asked, New Yorker is for 115. Blacks, mini ebonics, 263. Why did you have to put ebonics in there? Why can you just sit and dart off? I just wanted to make someone with confused. And let me see, you got black Islanders down here. Are there any black Islanders, Scott? Sure. Maybe one black player on the Islanders. Speaks 127. Old Jews, hundred and twelve. Hicks 86, you had to like that Hicks thing. I would like Julian 7, sort of describe it. Drilling Souther's, Yahoo's. Flaming Queen 69. What an interesting number of votes. Haitian 69. What about flaming Queen Haitian? Come on. Talhead's 46. You there at that many Talheads in South Florida. No, that's quite many. That's why it smells a little bit better there. New Englander's 43. Frog's 43. Surf punks. I don't have any fouls. I have no idea what that means. I'm sure by the 22. I don't want to know what that is. Crowd's 21, Scott. Black Islanders 19. Kevin Weiss never played for down. Where's today? No. Brits 18. Goose 7. Goose. Conooke 7. Midwesterners 7. Comey blockers. General with that is either. I know beta blockers. Comey to block member. Oh, comey blockers. I see. What does see this is George being so much hipper and cooler that I am. Comey blockers 5. Philly is 2. And mix one. Ha ha ha ha. Mix one. How about Tom mix this? Yeah, mix this is right. How come I can't find my damn thing here. I'm looking for it. Oh, I got an idea. No, probably because I don't want to have my glasses. Yeah, I'm just going to ease back into this. I'm going to make tell you something. My crum. Yeah, that's what I was looking for. But I was having trouble finding because I can't see what they're doing over here. Oh, I do like this. Do you know who I am? I'm more green. I made my bones when you were going out with jelly. Exactly. So there you go. There's a result from your world famous pool. New York is with an axiom and it just. Oh, something about it makes us nauseous. Makes us want to puke. Especially when you do a talk show like this and you talk to so many of them all the time. You can always tell. Oh, it's richy from boys head. It's a marked adjacent. By the way, the jets are sucked. They lost again yesterday. I just mentioned that in passing and guess who beat them. It couldn't have been done. I'm going to make nab in and fill it off the Eagles could have been. Oh, why is one of them? And the bills. They took it up the pipe. Man, that was beautiful. Did you see a neck in front? I heard it. They were briefly ahead. Two to nothing. Safety, which was kind of amusing. But they lost about 600 to five, which are like the bills blow. Yeah. So I can the dolphins are going to take it up to pipe and say the egg and I, one of the big ups and I said, our dolphins ever got to play a real team. And it seems to me correct me if I'm wrong, Scott. But while I was away, wasn't there an overtime game there would be between the Patriots and the dolphins? Yes, there was. And didn't Olando Marae. He kicks up didn't he miss a 235 year of field goals at overtime? No, one in regulation and one in overtime. Right. And didn't Tom Brady throw like a 65 year touchdown pass to win again? Yes, he did. So it seems to me to funnel squirnicking was the, a dog the dolphins 13 and the new England Patriots 19. I could be wrong, but I don't think so. Now that's correct, sir. Let's see. Here's a loyal listener, Factsy Mason information. It says for your info, Brian Williams is a right wing pig. Wait to the right. Check him out sometime on his own shows on cable. He's brutal. Another one that's spread the lie after lie about Al Gore in 2000 for incompetent Unelected fraud. Not that I'm defending Brokaw. He got 50. I mean, I was a well, I'm just saying Brian Williams at least I can tolerate his newscasts. You know what I'm saying? You can understand. This is try ABC and Peter Jennings. No, if I want to see Canadians doing news, I'll watch the news right here. The Canadians doing news. I don't need to see that right poor Pete. But the other way, see need to see Tom Pete Peter Jennings. I can't see. It's a spy. I was a turn on a BBC, see whatever it is. It says I've switched them. They seem to be the network that goes down the middle more than any of them. But they're all bad these days. You're correct. And it would be amazed. You folks out there would be shocked to see that CNN international is got like a totally different approach on the war and on everything in the world and on rums filled and everything. They're just just excoried and just ripping the bush mice to an ass. And it's whole Iraq nightmare that's going on this quagmar that he's got us into. Just a time because CNN international is generally speaking broadcasting to the rest of the world who are involved all this crap. You know, taking on this the ballooning. So it's really astonishing to me that they got a whole different altitude about on CNN international, which I guess you can get if you have like direct TV right? Okay. How many people in the US are watching that? About 30 men. It says by the way, fat faced blovier to Tim Russell said the same thing is rather after 9.11 that he was an American first, which is bulge mid. The media should be totally neutral. How else can they get the viewers to know what's going on? So I know that America's full of morons, but when they don't get unfiltered news, how can they possibly know what the F is going on? And the answer is they can't. Can they? No. So thank you for your good point. Okay. How's the pool coming on because I did hear guilty this morning? I knew it wouldn't take long. Oh, the stadium. We gotta get the stadium bill right there. We sure don't want to build it by a PP park. No, we don't want to build a stadium. First of all, we don't want to build it by any way. It takes a lot of money, but I do live in Broward. Thank you. But the point is why would you want to build it in a place where it's so convenient today, Broward and Palm Beach? Right there off the turnpike. Right there by the county line. You could throw a rock from there to county line road, right? But that would be a bad idea. Yeah, that would be a really, really bad idea to build a worse convenient to everybody with a lot's roll empty with a lot of water. Or maybe they have like Wayne, we negotiate the deal there with a Marlins, which he was certainly wouldn't do that because that would be like doing something benevolent. That wouldn't just be out of pure greed and being a real prick, which he is. That's the only hope that they got because this all this shenanigans that are going on behind closed doors again and may or the asses this sinis once is that and may or pinga pecanius. It's all going on behind closed doors. The deal will be sealed and you taxpayers are going to get fleece again. It's going to happen. And there's guilty. Only on this radio station when your assels coming on here like guilty. Say, oh wow, let's figure out where we're going to put it. Not are we going to do it, but it's already in his mind to done deal. Because like the astute mo mo my stir of sublip saying over and over again. Oh, you don't want to be in a city where you don't have baseball anymore. Oh god. Yeah. Would you, would you want to be in a place where you don't have basically baseball? What would I do? For example, right here in Toronto with the blue jays ever like I can't even imagine being here in no mo. I can't imagine being in this town. It would not be blue jays would be like being in the desert. It would be like being in a tenth world country or something. It's still have the Argonauts. Like I said, who the hell give us a crack? Hundred and how many votes we got on this thing? A lot of votes already. I totally their Marlon intensive 143 votes. We got another Marlon pull coming up later. What's your take on a new stadium for the world champion Marlon? Not just the ordinary pedestrian Marlon's. The war freaking champion Marlon's boys and girls. None of my tax dollars of bill that say 69 and at 143 it's almost half. Let's do what they deserve at 36. 25.1% of the people are still sniffing their all in the state of euphoria. I don't give a crap about a 23 and it was great but good by Marlon's 15 out of 143. So only 25% only a quarter so far say hey let's do an a if the owners want to spend their own money or they're going to do it. Oh, but if they did, hey good luck to a sure more power to them. It's something to talk about. Sometimes I get some good time. Give people a chance to pretend that they're weedy care about something there was they don't. 10.42 here's the a Canadian middle of November not the end but it sounds as though the process to rat. See he said process not going to go back to CNN he said process I can't watch that. Hey you're underpaid you're overworked like a new high paying career but you don't have four years to waste in college. If this sounds like you you know there's not even any there's not any punctuation in this copy. You know something. Todd Drek I will I was joking before about Greeper. But Todd Drek I am hiring a hip man for that son of a bitch. He is just brutal. Oh, they take the call. If this sounds like you we have your solution pick up the phone and call fast train at one eight six six fast train when you talk to our good friends at fast train. Tom that Todd Drek is useless and give the account to somebody that might service it and actually like do something with a copy like put in some punctuation. Fast train can have you trained in certified for a high paying computer never professional career or high paying medical computer specialist in his little last four month. That's what it says here is little four month. Yes, you heard me right you can be fully trained ready for your new career in as little as four months. Fast train offers day evening and weekend classes they offer your job placement assistance and financially to those who qualify. Fast trains got six convenient locations a survey to four right there in South Florida. So pick up that phone and call fast train today. Be sure and mention Todd Drek. It's mighty important. Call one eight six fast train and check them out of the web fast train dot com that's fast train one eight six fast train and it says here finish off with a fast train jingle. That's what you're education to if you got a brain head for fast train. My local this is five six three of your. You. This is Kimberly Plummer K ABC news with a one on one interview with Gubanatorial hopeful Arnold for five. Sorry excuse my apologize. What do you apologize for I'm not following you for everything Kimberly Plum. Okay, we see news I'm sorry to the people of California for what those bad movies you make no. Although if you don't like them I'm sorry Kimberly Plum. Okay, we see news. I'm sorry for this. You just touched my boobies. That was a demonstration Kimberly Plum. I'm sorry. Well don't do your demonstrations on me Mr Schwarzenegger. I am here for a serious interview with you. I apologize you're very whiny go ahead with your questions. Well you're very touchy. I apologize excuse me but did you just touch my. That was a demonstration Kimberly Plum. ABC news. That's why I want to apologize to the people of California. And I believe you should. I'm sorry. I see you have a problem with women. I don't have a problem with women. I like to touch them. Excuse me, but we are not an object. May I see you, I need a my what your and eat a may I see it. I don't think I have an anteater. I have an anteater. I hate that show. I can't believe you just put your hand. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Do it again. Yeah. Good for you Kimberly Plum. You want me now. Don't you. Yeah. Let us have your anteater. Oh. But you're the. You follow. You are disgusting. I want to be the governor. You're here. Put my lover vote for me. Why is it purple? I eat grapes. I'm a grape either. Put me. Ten 48 and five 60 the whole states are fire because God's pissed off an Arnold and about the voters of California. I'm right. But it can be so stupid. Hundred ninety one votes on a pool. Well, I think we're off to it. What did we do this was this on the Thursday before the provocation. We also had that staggering or is it a couple days before that? I don't remember that far. And that day? No. We had to fund that phenomenal. Oh. I think it was like over 800 during the show alone. Hundred ninety one. What's your well? Of course they ought to be whipped up about the marlins. We're world champs. Huh? When I think about it, I get the cramps without the M. Hundred ninety one votes. What's your take on a new stadium for the World Champion Marlins? None of my tax dollars going to build that sucker. Ninety one people. 47.6%. Let's do a theta-servant. 49.25.6%. And keep in mind we're doing this pool right on the heels of Saturdays. Game six. They're the clinching victory. Too nothing. Right there in Yankee Stadium. You know what? Maybe the happiest about that? I give up. Is George F. and Stein better man? Even you should be happy. Oh yeah. Just just to piss him off. Just because he's such a prick. I can't stand people who have a lot of money who act like assholes. I don't begrudge anybody who's got a lot of money. If they earned it or stole it or whatever. And if they were clever enough to do it. But at least if they're like a little bit humble or maybe not humble is not the right word. But like invisible out of my way. Well whatever. Not evil. But when you're like a real domineering prick like George Steinbren who was hated by virtually everybody. Not to mention of course his little gangster passed all his problems that he had. Not to mention all that on top of it. What a piece of turd man. Scott did you see the look on his post when they kid they showed up was late in the game. Was like obviously was all over. I don't know what it devastated was anything. Oh my god he had it. It looked like oh I can't wait to get this thing over. So I can go down and bitch everybody out. We lost. Too bad Steinbren are you suck. 198 votes 94 say none of my tax dollar going to build it. 51 let's do what they deserve it. That's 25.7% because I'm sure that the Samson and the Lyle of people over there in Jeffrey Loria. I'm sure there's glued to the radio wanting to find out just exactly how much they've put to the wall over to you. Of course they don't need to get the public support because they're pulling all those strings behind the scenes like I said close their meetings government in the dark. Mayor Pinga Picania Mayor Manny Diaz during the Miami they'll put together some kind of a sweetheart deal and they'll give them all of this land and they'll do it and then you'll have another white elephant just like that Miami arena anybody planer these days. Oh. I don't give a crap about a 35 say that and it was great but goodbye Marlins. I don't think it's going to happen again anytime soon. Right. It's first day after they dump off all the salary. You think Pudge is going to be bad? No. And there's zero to his contract. Right. And if he knows stuff crossing himself already and pointing to the sky. I'm always going to bring we've got to bring back Jackie Gleason one time just to send his answer to the moon and go ahead tell you that that would like increase the size of the moon like double send Pudge's ass up there. Is there anybody in baseball got a bigger ass than Pudge Rodriguez? A right. Huh? A right. I think what's his name? Cecil Fielder had a bigger ass. Yeah. Bigger everything. And a Mickey and Mickey. How do you know he had a bigger everything? He played in New York. He had a bigger everything. But what a loaded line at is Scott. I think you've been hanging around that station too long. Huh? You're starting to turn into one of them. Your ex-wife ain't going to be too crazy here and about that. In fact, your child support just went up. Do you have any kids? A certainly does he pay child support George? Yes. Say, is there you go? So you can't say a fudge me, Pudge. Your child support just doubled because of what you just said. Because now she knows you're fooling around with guys on a side. Which is why he sounds a little off his feet today because Muff ain't there to keep him happy. His wing muff isn't in keyweights for fat if he fath. Oh my god. What a flamery. You know what? Good off this. What a screamer. I think he is. Opera is one getting off this. That wouldn't surprise me. Man, oh man. People like that. People like go to places like Key West and Providence Town and Amstudam. We're talking things. We're talking about that stuff. Right. Toronto. Faggarious. What we're talking about. Make no mistake. I'm not a good piece of news though. This will make you people much happier. Leave it to me to come back and cheer you up a little bit. I could take some of those calls. I'd take one call before I give the good piece of news from any of that. Sure. From Rome. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes. I'm a good friend. I'm a good friend. Very weak. Very lame effort. Okay. Plus he's got all I remember. Get a new phone. Come on. Pettles and drugs. Here's a call from Orlando. Hello. Yes sir. What do you think about those announcers on the World Series that Jack Buck? What about him? He's pretty damn good. He's good. He's okay. He's not a foul or shot in the car. Can the car be a sin that he'll feel so he did ever shut up? Well he's not. He's worth the least in his pocket. He's worth the least in his pocket. He's a pain in the ass. But I mean that Jack Buck is great. I mean funny. Jack Buck is dead. This is his son. This is Joe Buck. Joe. Right. But what why don't you two excited about the model? It was a great, great up playoff. Come on. I'm the one that told everybody that they were going to win a series. Everybody laughed at me all year long and they said, Yeah. He's nobody can beat the Yankees. What do you say that? What do you want me to do? Jump up and down. Make you feel better? No. I mean, but have some civic fries. This is great. I mean, I talked to Ed. Ed capital about it and we're going to throw a party. Yeah. And I mean, I mean, get into a deal. Get lost. He's an orcon from Orlando and he thought he's going to throw a party. Just another front running phony jumping on the bad wagon. You couldn't give a flying crap about tomorrow. Let's be forward to God damn playoffs. And especially the world series 66,000 people there for game number five. 66,000 give or take. And just like Ferrell said this morning, the home opener. And after the home opener, the second home game next season. I'll have like a 6, 7,000 people there. Am I right? Absolutely. We all know that. Nothing's changed. I mean, it was exciting. And like I said, but he wants me to sit or hey, we love them. But where do you want me to do like a crap in my pants? Get all excited. That'd be funny. I'll retry that way to hear this. A tight in court, bands crucifixes from school. Oh, right. Make it some progress, but this is of course, is in Rome where they're on to that silly old dead man that they keep slump it around and a chair. He's been dead for months to poke. Nobody. But you might know it would be bad for business until they can blow some smoke. That's why he had a little select those 30 or 35 new right wing cardinals, you know? Yeah, I know. And the new one is a, uh, a greaser, as a matter of fact. The new one, if they're saying the most likely, we'd be new one, a right wing Italian. But in Rome, an Italian court earned their state school to strip all crucifixes from its classroom walls on the weekend after a Muslim activist, complained that his children should not have to study in its presence. The high court in La Quilla, in the southern abrutsu region, based its ruling on the 1984 Concorded, I just love to say abrutsu. I love that. Teregan. Abrutsu. Fabrizio. I don't know. Based it's ruling on a 1984 Concorded between Italy and the Vatican, that agreed Roman Catholicism could no longer be considered a state religion. The landmark decision is expected to deepen divisions between Roman Catholics and Muslims in Italy. And as a, here's the best part of this story is a bitter blow to the Vatican, and it's authority in the country. Oh, right. Oh, right. See their onroam. They've been onroam like I've told you this for years. 97% of people, Italy, don't go to church. They don't rub the rosary beads. They don't go there with all the jet keys in a Vatican. They don't want nothing to do with it. They're not worshiping no old man and a dress, and a soy after with a stupid beanie that even a jews are embarrassed by. The judges said the presence of the symbol of the cross leads to a grasp of the expression of religious faith, which is deeply wrong because it manifests the state's unequivocal desire to put the Catholic faith at the center of the universe as an absolute truth, with the least respect for other religions. Absolutely. The ruling was seen yesterday to buy political analysts as a blow to Sylvia Obrolusconi Center right government, which is campaigned to ensure that crucifix is premiering on classroom walls. Boy, you talk about the anti-Christ. Oh, did you see the story about, uh, I found the Pudry port? No. About Ronnie Reagan? No. Oh, my gosh. I got a during the breaker. I got a download that about how he was. He was not so what he was in a White House. It wasn't just afterward. Right. And he was crying and sobbing. He's the anti-Christ and history's going to record him as the anti-Christ? No, that was, uh, W. No, no. Seriously, no, W is going to be. Well, he's just another one. If you give him all a shave in a haircut, it's all the same numbers on a head. What are they doing? We're supposed to be in a five-season show. Do you weigh him? Do you drugs, Packing? I said down for dumb. What you gonna do? What you gonna do when they come for you? Oh, my God. Yeah. What you gonna do when they come for you? Oh, my God. Yeah, we're at a code 2318. We've got a jumper on the roof of the Mohammed savings alone building here. And I'm trying to talk him down right now. Everybody out of my way, I am going to jail. That's our copy. Give it a microphone. Sir, do you want to have to do this? Don't want to down. I'll talk to you, stay here. Excuse me, Lieutenant. We're able to try down the jumper's mother. And no? Oh, my God. See you, man. Here, look. Take this microphone. Okay. Can try talking some sense into this guy. Oh, God. Oh, God. Get me. What do you want to do? Yes, I can hear you. He can hear you. God. Oh, man. Did you say, sedun? Oh, yes. Yes, sedun. Yes. King of bipolar paving. Grandfather, no. What do you mean? Hugo, take a look at him. What do you want him to do? Oh, God. in this group. Tom Tom. Wow. Good. I never got to play the upshot. As far as my world's service tickets is concerned. Yeah. And about that whole business about eBay, which I never should have said that on the year, see come to find out that it's very, very illegal. Yeah. To be a scalp in your tickets on eBay or any place else. And Canada, it's not illegal as scalp tickets. Okay. Hey, stand right outside of your Canada Center and a scalp leaf tickets like left and right like to do on La Blas, but make believe garden. It's going to be a big gigantic supermarket with hockey bucks. You ready for that? Okay. But anyway, it's not illegal to scalp. Here I forgot about that. And so naturally, I had my friend put the thing on eBay. And one of our student listeners out there, I'm positive it had to be. I don't want to say which one. But nevertheless, oh, and I've contacted the local authorities. And above all, he's emailing everybody who's selling tickets on eBay. That it's against the law. You're all going to go to jail on the SNN. So why would you not know what's happening with those tickets? Do you? Do I? No. No. Good. Let's just leave it that way. Always got to be some people. See, in America, that's what America's all about. They want to put everybody in jail. It's just no matter what it's for Jay walking, scalp and tickets. You name it, picking your nose, pop it a bad roiid in public. Whatever they can put your ass in jail for, they'll do it. Because that's the American. If I'm way, especially now, that we got the, the, the, the, the stopo there. Watch, you know, and speaking of the party, we have a big party coming up. We wish we could invite the audience. Can we? We actually probably should. That would really piss Greg off big time. And if anybody deserves it. Oh, by the way, he's prominently, he's prominently discussed in that school and autobiography. One of the pink and one of the stink. Most of it is about Greg and the honest with you. You got the book yet? No. That's unrightened yet. Oh, yeah. Anyway, the summer ratings are in says this memo and power ninety six and WQ and both show significant gains in their target demos. Oh, right. Can we care about power ninety six? No. Not the least. We like can carry a lot. There's some people over there. We like or you like. I don't care. Yeah, but we don't really care about power ninety six because it's not for us. It's got nothing to do with us in addition, which we work on A M. So they most of them people that are looked down upon us. Oh, you're on A M. Well, you like that. That's just how they when you pass it into horror and the elevated. Because we're on A M. And we can relate to it because that's what our civil sounds like. Most of the time, right? Oh, yeah. So that's us. QM was number one over on Kozon. Here with all this about we did this. Neil and summer reliever George Rain first with a healthy eight point two share tend to do. Absolutely. Jim Madditch, ranked first with a 7.5 two to four. Absolutely. And we're going to do a number of goldburg ranked number one with a sporting. He was sporting a big one, the hopper a six point eight share of salute for the 7. And wait to hear this all together. Adominated men 25 to 54 summer book. Congratulations to Josh aka Clarence Duff. Doreen and the entire QM staff were job well done. Couldn't have done it without him. Now what the hell did Doreen do to have anything to do with those numbers? Oh, behind the scenes stuff. Yeah, she was doing stuff behind the scenes. I was trying to get a hold of it. Trying to sniff it. It was looking at how does that bitch kid in that fat disgusting bitch. Josh and Duff and Doreen. I mean, what is this? What? And you remember the employee of the month? How many years ago that ended the QM? How fast it ended? And you want to know why? Why? Because you went out of people who could take the pin. Seriously. If you were named the employee of the month, you had a choice to take in how much was it 50 bucks? 200 I think. Was it 200? Yeah, 200 or a QM pin. Well, naturally, and of course the deal was it wasn't ever written down, but everybody knew that if you ever took the money, you'd never get picked and played the month again. Except I broke the record. Right. And I used to give the money to your cost. All the time. Well, of course Greg doesn't like your cost. All the too much. So that's why. Plus it's too embarrassing. Always be in the medium. Play of the month every month. Every time the numbers come out. By the way, thanks to what's his name? Great Perry for a check for a band and pair rescue. Right. Am I right? I sure hope he gave it to you because you said, No, no, he sure. Good guy. How about the check? That tip. So thanks to Ray, we got Ray Perry and Mufflenzy who's busy gushing it up in Key West, the fantasy fact being a real professional. And who else? Correct. And we've been out. And Curtis. And that's it. Anybody else from inside to building? Give us a check. A dime. A penny. A dollar. A dollar. Adam. Adam. Other than that. Zippity. Do do. All these high paid colleagues of mine. It's not like we got some kind of charity that's like controversial abandoned Petrescu. I mean, anybody doesn't like dogs. I mean, cats. I can handle or a weasels. But dogs is something wrong with you. If you don't like dogs. Because to be very honest with you, I'd rather associate with dogs than many of you. Not all, but many. Trust me. Send a picture. But it's almost the end of October. And you people have been telling me, Oh, well, Ray's 100,000 is your easy. Right. Yeah, I guess if you're each going to put up like 30,000, you and Miguel, that keep telling me to scan Scott put in his 10 grand. I think we got to lift. There's a 100 right there. We already got 35 10 of which is mine. Pretty weak. Go online. George was starting to say before I interrupted him last hour. But you notice how, I'm like, this is just. Well, it's after a long vacation. It's only good. Is it really? It's all over the place. I like it that way. I like it all over the place, too. Believe me. Anyway, we have an of in celebration of our success, our ratings party for both power 96 and QM is taking place. Thursday, October 30th of a faith in and beverages will be served. The party will be held at in, uh, Pemberg Pines. Right. Staff only. So I can't tell you where it is. Cause otherwise, some of you people would show up and say, Hey, where's the free food? Where's the buffet? And where's the booze? That's have a double barrel party for the Marlins and QAM. And power 96. I'll be taking applications for instant interns. Send the picture to George at wqan.com. Oh, I'm waiting here this in order to give you sufficient time to prepare for the evening's festivities. Our office is more close at 4 p.m. This Thursday, October 30th. Well, isn't that nice? And any signs of Greg would at squiggle on there, which, uh, you know, is a glaring example of his deep seated inferiority complex? Well, it's not a complex as in his case. It's real. Anyway, here's the story. And I can't believe that Ms. Fudge, he must be busy with their boyfriends. It must be, oh, maybe Ms. Thrig is down in fantasy. We've got two, you're thinking, Keywatt? Well, it's because this story was on their last evening. And I don't, uh, let's see, uh, 2047 is what, 847, right? 847, PM last night. And it's still the same. There's no addition to it, but it's well worth reading. Explosive. One shocks in the final production script for CBS's upcoming tenth film The Reagans, captures the former president declaring he is the anti-Christ the Fudge Report can reveal. During Iran-Contra-Scanville, Reagan's breakfast room in a White House morning, Reagan and Nancy sit in front of their breakfast, they can't eat, can't drink their numb. Reagan, it's Armageddon, that's what it is, Armageddon, the leader from the West will be revealed as the anti-Christ and then God will strike him down, that's me, I am the anti-Christ, Nancy, no Ronnie, Reagan overwiting, and the Lord will strike on all civilization in order to make way for the new order, a new heaven and the new earth. Nancy reaches out grabs his hands strongly. Nancy, hold on, you've got a hold on Ronnie, Reagan's eyes are filling with tears, he can't help it, he's crumbling. Reagan, I saved 77 lives in 70 years Nancy, but I couldn't save those people in Lebanon. Nancy gets up, puts her arms around him, she rocks him slowly, silently back and forth. Former First Lady, Nancy, Reagan has reached out to Hollywood heavyweights, including Murve Griffin, that lady, to somehow stop the controversial movie, said for broadcast during when November sweeps, I'm going to watch that five times, how did it, maybe I watch it? Yeah, and by the DVD, oh my God, I'll buy the DVDs, I'll be able to meet some extra pair because I'll be crap in my pantaloonies watching that again. She had her psychic on one line, and he had his Bible in the other hand, and he was out before they would like put on at the shoe polish, to keep me black shoe polish, to grease him up. He was always standing in the mirror looking to see where the three sixes were, because he was the anti-Christ, and believe me, anti-neal knows the anti-Christ when he smells him. That is just special in it. I can't wait. Crazy people in a White House, and like I've told you, the crazy people are religious people, you'll find a part in Michael Moore's book which I loaned to a friend, I'll get another copy for tomorrow. I'll read it for a bit, because he says it's so much better than I ever could. But basically, he says the solution to the Middle East is whether I'm just blow each other up. But I'm all coming to you. Why not? How should we care about it? Just give enough weapons, so they can all kill each other and then let's go on with life. Because if that's what they want to do, hey, more power to them. Tubman dreared, more firepower to them. Right. Look at that poll, Jeffrey Loria. Look at that poll, Daniel Samson or whatever hell's name is David Delilah. Let's take on a new state-in-for-the-world champion, Marlon. Oh, come on, where's your community spirit, Neil? You're always peeing on our parade. I'm just telling you the way it is, okay? Some of you emotional cripples out there you can't handle the truth, like Jack Nichols and said. 275 votes, what's your take on the new state-in-for-the-Marlon's? None of my tax dollars gonna build on 131. 47.6%. Let's do what they deserve it, 75. I don't give a crap about it, 44. It was great, but good by Marlon's 25, a strong 9% its constitutes. You're at number stand the same for 9% say, hey, it was great, but we know we're gonna get screwed in the end. You're gonna start big and first-stating again. You're gonna try to fleece this again and buy a buy. By the way, speaking of fleecing, I do like that on NBC evening news. Because on the England, 1130 at night, which is like, is it 1130? Well, that's 1030, Brit time, because they're like an hour behind a rest of your feel, like everything else, they're way behind civilisation. Take care of the NBC news on BBC and on Sky at 2 hours later, 1 30 more in the carried Dan Rathah. I get Dan Rathah, 1 30 in the morning, as Al Golzzi and your close friend used to say. And I was seeing the thing on the fleecing of America, I do like that. You see that the government spent $33 million to promote the new $20 bill? You see that? I didn't. They spent $33 million to educate the public about the new pink and black and the PUSE $20 bill. Yeah, it's very gay too. Yeah, it is very gay. Meanwhile, $87 billion that the president wants to stick over there and interact and try to put the pieces together. I love the way that they keep running around and say, oh, well, we're getting them electricity and rebuilding the hospitals. Yeah, it's like if I come to your house and I blow it up, but I say, oh, hey, look at this. Now I'm going to go out and bake for money so I can put it back together again. Thank you. Why? How do you like that? Here's a bag of nails. The 87 billion, in the meantime, we got all these people out of work. We've got the hospitals in America that are worth a crap. We have schools with no textbooks. That's another thing that really frosted my ass. Remember we had the little Joey Conan as wife as a school teacher. A couple of years ago, and kids in date County didn't have textbooks to take home because the schools didn't have enough textbooks to go around for every student. And in the meantime, oh, we got the supply textbooks for the kids interact. Well, screw the kids in Iraq is what I say. Okay, we are. When they hello, we ever going to start taking care of Americans is what I'd like to know. That's right. I have no dish TV. That's right. Let's get this TV for Scott is what I say. Let's get some free tickets for the Marlins for next season. So we actually put some asses in the seats of war. Look so embarrassing. Let's take part in that 87 billion and build a nice new stadium at Don stadium for the Marlins that are facing the damp taxpayers this out for again. Here are the place to shreds. Every day now we got kids dying in a public is sitting, I went, or they got a one of the, I know they had a couple of protests over the weekend, big deal. When is the public in the media going to finally get together and start saying, it's time for impeachment, baby. We're not talking about a couple of blow jobs. We're not talking about the devil with a blue dress on her, a stain on her dress. We're talking about impeachment, man. And of course the big push now is, oh, it's the George tenant in the CIA. There are at a one to give us the bad intelligence and you want to know why? Because we're the George tenant come from. He was the holdover from the Clinton years. Oh. So it's real going to be real easy. They're going to like nail him to the cross, speaking of a crucifixion. They're going to nail the CIA to the cross. And then the meantime, everybody knows even Jay Rockefeller was spot the yesterday on one of them talking. It shows that hey, they planned this all ahead of time. And you're even starting to wonder about that one passage there from Nick Pack about, it would take some gigantic, head of clismic event to be able to pull this off to go into a rack. Like that, Nick Pack. Meaning 9, 11, P.N. Whatever to hold. What I call it, Nick Pack. I mean something else. It's all like Nick Pack better. Nick Pack. I have a 15 at five, 60. I like my backpack. It's actually when the matcho shrooms are and the furniture is still not this copy can't possibly be right, can it? No, this copy's old. It's ancient. It's like all are other copy. The sales department of WQM, they're the anti-Christ Ronnie. Don't worry about it. They're the anti-Christ they suck. Anyway, if you want a great deal on a name brand, Mattress, all you got to do is make one easy call to my friends at Dalama, Chris 365 days a year. They give it the best prices, the best selection, the best deal all the way around and certainly as far as deliveries concern like you know by now. Nobody comes close to match them. So for discount prices on the top names in a business. Seely, sort of tempered, heated Simmons King Quilster and Foster Hewitt called 1-800 mattress 1-800-MATTRES. No nonsense. No BS, no bait and switch. That's what BS stands for. No house brands. No false promises and best of all. You don't pay an extra penny for the best service in the world. When you call 1-800 mattress for Dalama, Chris, you still get to choose the date and time for delivery. Any tour on Windows 7 days week? Like say, from 8 in the morning, til 10 at night, Monday, noon to 2, Tuesday, 1 to 3, 45 to 345 newbies sleep in like a baby right away. Like I've been for years. I'm a great mattress from Dalama, Chris. With low prices, same date delivery, pre-satop and removal, it's easy to see. Like everybody knows Dalama, Chris is the best in the business for customer satisfaction. So don't get sucked in by those phony mattress, shroom and bedding store ads. They can't match, which you always get every day from our good friends at Dalama, Chris. Call them right now, 1-800-MATTRES will be sleeping like a child, real soon. 1-800-MATTRES, or online it's mattress.com. Myeon- MAX. Myeon- MAX. Ner, m-m-room. Thank the longest phony, to interview their own mother. I hope you have fun talking.BLANK oder bye. Well, it just ain't enough. Just tap right. Feelin' the airways with hatred. The radio was permeated with the lights of Dr. Lauraville, Andrey and Michael Bragg is okay. They call it clear channel, foth and clearly out to make the message clear. The right wing, not to see where public end, Mother, the f**kers. They're all right wing, not to see where public end, Mother f**kers. For all the table talking, It's a rude and get any dumber. That are married to whatever they are told to believe, And worship George's there king. Right wing, not to see where public end, Mother f**kers. Well, the dinner crats, Who cracked their pants like a child that is scary, Booby, Apped to every month, Colahson should go home and shut up, Thus he don't have a clue what he's doing. The dinner crats have a death wish, When it comes to the sight, Who they will run, And you can color them done. If they run, jolly, But my boy, Right wing, not to see where public end, Mother f**kers. They're all right wing, not to see where public end, Mother f**kers. Who get a dignity, If it is a cemetery, Who see humbers, Sports work, Just remember what I said, When it comes in your back, They make you or that train. Right wing, not to see where public end, Mother f**kers. They're all right wing, not to see where public end, Mother f**kers. They're all the table talking to you. Why don't we tell you, Shri Boast still alive. Thanks to Jim Boast and Terry's law, And I know George is right, Really pissed off, But it has been Michael, But you know something? Too bad. Yeah. What is this morning? And so you don't have a governor in Florida, You got a Reverend, You got five, You got father, a gem is what you got. What the hell is it? His goddamn business, Getting that damn emergency, The measure pass, So they can stick to tubes back in that bitch. She's a vegetable for chronola. Put some goddamn broccoli on her. Blue cheese. Blue cheese and little broccoli on the side. You got like a vegetable medley. And maybe it would be a good place to bring her to medley. 300 on, And also got some good news during the break, Screw in because she hasn't donated a dime to a van of pet rescue yet. She said things are a little bit tight now, which sure she's not talking about herself. But she just devolved here. She's been going to go out there on a corner of Ivory Road in 441 and give homer's not. Anybody who'd like to help a van of pet rescue 50 cents a piece. And that's exciting. Huh? What? I was talking to somebody, I didn't hear you said. How many cents? 30 cents a piece. 329 votes. What's your take on a new state in front of World Champion Marlins? 155, 47.1 say, none of my tax dollars going to build it. Let's do what they deserve it. 94 people 28.5% say, here, let me empty my wallet, okay? I don't give a crap about it. 53. And it was great, but goodbye Marlins. 27. That's not a 0.2% thank goodness for that. It's dropping now. Oh and guess what else happened while I was gone? I give up. The big story about your friends at Walmart and all the you leave. Oh yeah. We had a couple on them. Let's hear it. All right. Legal aliens at Walmart. Oh, right. The anti-Christ. Right there Walmart. Anybody who helps at Walmart? We don't like you very much. What? Telling you for years. You're right. I don't shop there. Evil. Ooh, evil, do we? We're shemby evil, do we? We're shemby evil, do we? We're shemby evil, do we? We're shemby evil, do we? We're shemby evil, do we? Now let's get these phones hopped up here. Although we do have that OJ story from the inquiry, which I'm a little bit disappointed in the inquiry. Because the headline, this is from like before I went away. I didn't have time for all of that. And let me also say one other thing. Have you noticed how very rapidly somebody some story has like vanished? I mean I've been out of the country. I grant you a pretend to. But you know, I got the internet. I got the CVC and BBC and the PPC and PBC. The Nick PAC and PNAC and all of that other stuff. It wears the beef. Am I right? Yeah. What's the story? I think he's drying out with the Jeb's daughter? Because I understand she knows where to get the pretty good stuff. Not one more worried about Rush and boy, you talk about numbers. Man you talk about mumbling down. Oh. five weeks you should hold your breath it's been about five weeks for him to come back. But anyway we got the Robert Kardashian died as you know who was OJ's good buddy in the first attorney. Really dumped him. Got that story got Dr. Phil is a fraud. I love that story. Anything bad about Dr. Phil people that we despise people are total phones and making millions as a result of it. So I got tomorrow's poll already about the companies I'm not going to do it right now. See if I tell them not then they'll start calling with that. I don't want to interfere with all the tremendous of volume of calls we're getting about the marlins and the world series victory. You see that? Here's one from four lauderdale right now. Hello. Four lauderdale. We love that there's not a call on. Well now there's one. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line at noon. Eric will change the poll. We'll go to poll number two. Which will be? Here's the question. Because we want to put the Io emphasize the state image. Do we even though we do know that the community will be pressured and blackmailed again. Hey if you want us to keep all these players man, see we already went through that one time. What was called a macarina? Well if you want to keep the panthers you're going to have to build a civic arena and power it in the adi adi adi adi adi and all another crap. And then we'll spend the money. We'll have a winner or keep this great thing. And of course they they seize the pun that one big year when a panthers got hot for two months. They really have such a great season. They got hot for two months. I'm going to tell you something right now and you can mark it down. Okay. If Broward County would change their mind and decide they want to build this facility, I will not play here. Because I will not have you guys looking at me for the next 10 years saying here's the guy that said one thing and went out and did something else. And now what do we go? We had another white elephant. We just had to stir a couple of weeks ago about how the fact it was Michael Holda Mayo that wrote that stir in the scum sent about how Broward isn't getting 50 sent from the macarina there that the Wayne is fleece and all the money again and all the concessionaires and wherever else. So you know it's just a question. If you want to ask yourself, you want to go down that road again or you really care about it really that much. You know what I'm saying? So far they don't. So far, it's only about a little bit less than a hundred man. We're sent who are still wound up with that you if you're in probably a little bit plastered. Come on, the big parties over the weekend. The celebrations to big parades. Hey, we love the. Yeah. Same damn people. Let me say it again. And I noticed that Kelly this morning line again, 17,000. They did not average 17,000 a game. The average just a little over 16,000 a game. And if you took away the last month from that, it would be like more 11 and 12,000. When I had those gigantic crowds of an affer running phonyism started and all those people started showing up because they could smell, oh yeah, we want to be on his vanwagon. 27 passed 11 at 5, 60 WQN big news. Halipadi at GMC has just been voted the number one Pani at GMC dealer in Dave County in customer satisfaction. Tom Liman and Joe Prieta want to thank their lower customers for their support. Just like we want to thank them for their support on this show. Now through the weekend, take advantage of Neil Deals and over 60, wait a minute, now through the weekend, it says, air is 10, 20 to 10, 24. Uh-oh. Okay. So Bob Eisenberg now wanting to be left out of the asshole parade of QAmen to sales department. This is last week's copy. Right. So now through last weekend, take advantage of Neil Deals and over 60 GMC on boys and on boys and on boys and stars by an envoy for it. See if Clarence is less than our muck down in QA, of course, he's useless anyway because he's out of touch. We've got a crisis in the sales department. Is that unusual? No, we've got a crisis. By an envoy for his lowest 24, 998, two last weekend. That's right. On boys and on boy excels, his lowest 24, 998, two last weekend. Sit up to five grand with combined discounts and rebates or gets zero percent interest. Of course, Halipadi's also that is always a phenomenal selection certified pre-owned cars, trust SUVs and your credit is never a problem when you do your vehicle shopping and halip because they want to cut your deal. Great Neil Deals every day. These are maybe some others, I don't know, because I have no real copy from Bob Eisenberg. And Halipadi, GMC 13411, Satixi Highway. That's US one across in the falls open every day, seven days a week. For more info called the Neil Rogers Neil Deal Hotline, that's Neil Neil Neil Neil at 1 AAA 53442. Remember me just one AAA 53442 11. Don't forget all offers have to be credited to approval. See our friends at Haliport details and apologize on my behalf to them for Bob Eisenberg and such a puts. Halipadi at GMC, unlike Bob, they are professional grades. My and local, we are sports radio 560s, you and you and you and you. I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love, I love you, I love oh, go I'm wondering, and that would be a good question. It wouldn't take too long. All right. What do you think the reason is for the affairs and Californians? Because God has pissed off for the Arnold business or is it because more Howard David is coming to town? There's a bootback right now. So let's hope the mad dog gets out. Maybe if Moz, we zled a car on fire. Something to think about. Here's a call from Daniel. Hello. Hello. Welcome back. We missed you. You're I am. I know you already know this, but I'm going to say this for the benefit of your listeners. Did you notice? Did you notice? It's a party, Mary. You notice how he did that? Then rum shall it come out? Right. Everything seems to be blowing up in our face. The problem is the public doesn't give a crap. But why don't you hate to be lied to you though? No. I work at QAM. I'm used to it. Hey, by the way, when you were gone, burying all the fun was given to two weeks to straighten everything up. Are they going to can or anything? Oh, I'm so glad you mentioned that. She said I'm all these extra ballots. Nice going, Mary. Yeah. She's out the door. They're going to kick her out. Me. Don't hold your breath, man. She's pretty grand though. She said last time when they got her, the news people got her. She said, I got time for you. I'm going to lunch, honey. We can hire to work in the traffic department. Thanks a lot, Pal. Yeah. Talk about a militant bitch, Miriam Elefament. There were people that got a whole bunch of ballots. That's how it's going to be. Well, and why not? That's the floor. And if it wasn't for every election now? Sure. How many times do you vote? That's not bad. That's not bad. That's not just for dead. And now poor Jed. He's between a crock and a hard place because now he's, you know, he's It's in to get her ass out of there. Her dark ass out of there. Oh, oh, that may not fly so good. How could he have possibly won at last lunch? Of all the things it just mind boggling to me. It wasn't even close. It was a runaway. Yeah. A glance-live. You know why? Why is that? Was Captain Harris count on the votes again? By the way, her she's on that plane. So here's a facts that says, I love this facts. Thank you, Andrew. This current book confirms that Greg Reed is a jackass. Absolutely. But continues to get away with it. This guy has got his thumb right on it. Even the shot at you. It says, as a frequent business travel, or I'll listen to sports stations all over the country. Well, see, like I said, this time to, I mean, it's all. He just, this portal. WM is the only station in the world that programs 45 minutes an hour of spots. Now, I don't know show they don't. This hour, the, the, the, the limit is 16. The, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the limit is 16. The, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, so we're back. So, you were a p lumpy. The, the, expo, just we wait and everything. Maybe you would say, things build to people to maintain the life. This is the, they're improving, we have some more of this market. He may be given away $100 bills, but I can't push the button fast enough. That's a good poll at this guy just gave me thank you Andrew Who has the most annoying voice some QAM have we done that? I don't think so For real guilty George or Tommy Tell me what's up man. I still have let he on here every now and again when he mortality. He's never around anymore. What happened to him? I don't know I see him around now again Hires the retired near of gets and I was it gives him the morning drive show continually promotes engineering interns Do one ear personalities who could he be talking about? I don't like like the beast not me He said personality that leaves you up this station is an investment, but listeners don't know any better because there's stuck here There's stuck here all you people out there you're stuck here PS let George do tend to two for a year then see what the book says No, did you see the Democratic debate last night? Oh, I was watching skin on fox man. It says we're in a lot of trouble So all I have to say in regard to this fances Work kicking ass cuz where exactly horses you up is that see this this Andrew guy He's intentions I guess a good even though he hates you like poison, but he has no understand that we're blessed We're just like South Florida. We're blessed the dolphins the marlins Hurricanes the panthers who who Scott tells me might actually win another game this month all the months all is over I'll see who they plan this week now. How come they're going back on a road again? What kind of a schedule is this man? Gary Bentman needs to be he's be put up the pastries and idiot The panthers at the fires Wednesday Yeah, they were just up in the New York area What is this kind of a schedule as they come back for one game then they go to Atlanta and now they take their offer two days and out of going to flyers on Wednesday What is schedule man? They won't win at home again this month. That's for sure Panthers at Ottawa well there's two losses for right there. I don't want to sound negative cuz you know me mr. negative But I want sound negative to me, but there's two losses right there. Oh And look at that you got Joseph Gacky and Dave Gurgley on I never look at that weekend schedule Joseph Gacky and Dave Gurgley, man. I think Andrew had a point Except the course for ripping George and ass. We don't want to do that I want to know what about that thing. I agree with him. I said let's let George do tend to two for your nancy with the books as as long as my Chechio I think I think I think I would say Yeah, let's go it Let's like George do tend to two for one year only if we trade paycheck I will continue to travel the world my church will show up and every now and then I might like jikas as call in just not a newsman saying You know My fact you pull ideas something like that. I was sending it in on the email from easy easy internet cafe right is that all the numbers say what do you say? Let's take a poll on that right now before the break instant poll should we let George do the show for a year 567.0568 don't answer them. I'll all of this creamless Thank you five six seven. I mean right now 056 and then the pound five 60 on the ante George for a year and then we'll see what the ratings are at the end of year Give me your opinion. Just imagine all the energy. I'll have listen how energetic I am now just after vacation Watch how many voices I can do can you imagine? WQM hello George for a year I have to put buddy Just just a yes or no would do pal. Okay. I know you're very emotional about it You got your George blow up now there. You're probably humpin right now. WQA. I'm hello No, no, what's your guy? But you guys That was Scott doing a voice good job Scott. Thank you. I'm hello You want to leave George on for whole year. What do you say? So what do you think? What do you think what are the pink and one of the stink? 19 till noon. Oh, that's your man man. She's got such a sense of humor. I can't wait to read the chapters about Roy man and of course what's his name? Roy and his toy what a boy and Yeah, goi 18 till noon at five 60 WQA. I'm although maybe we're always Jewish. I don't know I guess we'd have to find out you first you check You know this this thing with a copy situation and maybe the audience thinks that I'm joking But I do have even working six years of QM just a little tiny bit of a conscience and not much But it's just a scandal. This ought to be on a front page of both local newspapers. I mean QM sells to Probably just that they've abandoned the ship. It's like Captain Cweedman. They're like a role in their steel balls Searching for the strawberries with some other fruit by the way he's in key west and They just let us know how to the ball here. Oh, hold it our Ass with both hands. Can you believe it? I believe it. Do you know what the date on this copy is? 7 7 And it's 10 27 Let me tell you about my good friends and dry concepts. I hope they're not pissed off at us because the copy is so freaking bad It is so stale even last year's hall of awe and moses fresher than a copy we get from the sales department or put you guys are pathetic. It's not that you do a bad job. You're not doing any job. Get with it get off your arse man Troy Stratford here's a bald headed geek Who's always belly aching about his bad back and about this and in the meantime all he did was inherit a bunch of pressure County just sucks up the commission every month and that's it doesn't lift a freaking finger. Always probably it's in a mark right now Dry concepts is that I'm one carpet cleaning for a company for over 20 years have including my carpets over 20 years my house as you know And the only company in the world that dry cleans your carpets would separate the men from the boys. That's why they're the best And I dry concepts office you a chance to say 15% on your next carpet cleaning Call them toll free at 1-800-248-507-1 Be sure mention try Stratford when you called out slashed their ass off and ask them to put you understand Violest and rock concepts will call it an extended opening in her schedule. It's like when you fly stand by if you're available When they have it opening you get the deal no knock 15% off the price to make it even better So call dry concepts today for an unbeatable job your carpets are looking smell and feel just like brand new W11 fresh and it'll be dry in a couple of hours You'll be a happy camper and don't forget they give you a guaranteed written price before they start the job Here's the number to call again 1-800-248-507-1 or check them out on the wicked worldwide web and Dry concepts.com. I think at the end of all of the live spots from now on until till the sales department starts doing something All I want to do is say like Arnold I apologize Lesbian All right Are you sure You're Give you a $3 bill you can't break that and then you make a birthday They won't treat you like a Sponsor pray at the And there is no doubt Sponsor pray at the Abyss They do not persecute you can worship them Bees you can marry a girl named Steve Abyss Go puncture it's fun to stay at the abyss Sponsor Yeah You're men you men we will let you run in You're men you men we sing shows who's not here Lemon something here's another pleasant thanks from JM who of course doesn't ever real name even a real phony one That he would sign on the fact here Neo you said the bullet train referendum would never pass it did How's that thing coming by the way anybody right now yet? Yeah, you said the half said the half pending increase in date sales tax would never pass it did I live in Broward you say the Marlins won't get a new ballpark. They will now when did I say that? Did I just get through saying little while ago and several times during the show today that we had the scenes all the all the Hands of being greased the palms of being greased all the wheels are turned in behind the scenes and no matter what the tax Preset of public think it'll find a way It says there will be a there will be a public vote in date County concerning a new ballpark during the 2000 four-lash money know what let me say it again. I live in Broward County when you do Right well, I mean at least that's why I pay my taxes We're talking about the county but I'm sorry too And here's the poll topic for you says jame as a last parting shot one of the chances of the Marlins We knew in their broadcast contract with WQM. Oh my god Isn't that some don't you feel like we've been intimidated? We've been sufficiently warned that we better knock a lender and say all of the right things now I say the chases are 100% what do you think? I think then nobody else is gonna be stupid enough to take right in In addition to which I don't even know when a Marlins contract is up Oh, and and nobody cares the fact that we're playing those promos on there now Pat and ourselves on the back all of the games were brought here on a flood the flagship station and playing highlights from Dave and boring Even even Jim Sarny who you is as boring as vanilla putting even he I noticed so a few days ago to the shot I think was last week in a Friday column and Made a comment about the great call by boob shambi and a game laying home on by elephants allus what the they was that there was game five Yeah, you know the 11th inning home run and Alice Gonzalez to win a game Well anyway whatever day it was and Sarny was oh it was a wonderful call can you imagine the The call if would have been the vanilla or whatever adjective he used the vanilla calls of Dave and boring's up up in a way Yeah, good points Sarny it's about time he said something Playing highlights by Dave and boring this man is so coma inducing so terminal It's the disgrace they should have just tossed him off to the side. Pay them off to go away and let boob's through do the whole game during the playoffs And the serious am I right about that? Yeah, everybody knows that even George knows that what about boob's there. Oh, yeah boob's then outstanding broadcaster I'll call the right and pick about See I get accused of being misdemeid negative, but just like this facts this is the tone of it you people in Dave County You voted for the metro rail to how's that coming huh? Oh that's looking really good I mean it can snicker you one way or the other all I got to do is give free passes out to the cockfight So that's about all the takes and Dave County Put it how do you people shouldn't huh all the palms are being greased and all the right places Which is why we'll be on a ballot and by the way if it is on a ballot the verdict will be no If that's the only way that they think they're gonna put it over and to put it to a public referendum it ain't gonna pass There are two chances none and much much much less than none you can bet your life on edge M Oh guess what you in that must have been all right. He's off today. See he's on right in taxes And dogs off today. We got Joe Rosa too Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha How is chuckle when Joe is on you wonder why? Why is that? Because I know that during part of his show He's gonna talk about our Fumoka Yeah you're gonna see take a shot The hopper'll be on between four and five another tough assignment for hang today because we got a Dolphin game so we are so sports intensive now it's nauseating Five o'clock we start to four hours of pre game and sanity so we can cram in not 45 about 55 minutes esports echaror for Andrew who's upset that we played too many spots. Dolphins count out a kick off at five and then kick off at nine. The dolphins at the, another girl's team, San Diego charges. What kind of a schedule is this they got this year, huh? Uh, there was a change. I just got a call. What is it? Joe Rose from 2 to 5 today. Oh, how about that? Joe Rose 2 to 5, not 2 to 4 because they're not going to have the Humper come in for one hour. Or guy of his, uh, statue inside. Don't come modeling in for one stinking hour. So 2 to 5, you get three hours of joy. Should have plenty of chance to talk about more of my right. That's a good shirt. To rip him in ice. I'm going to, we love you, baby. So Joe Rose, you get three hours of the little dog and then you got to count on the kick off. Dolphins at the charges at nine is they play another weak sisters of the blind. Dolphin point after 11. So we have two hours of post-given in Joe Mark 1, go 5 and AM because they're not going to bring in any K for one hour either, huh? No. So that's the schedule. Congratulations, and Joe and Mark did not tell you that that show there's was really kicking ass that tell you that every day. A 7 point, uh, something. What do they have overnight? 7.7. Whatever was they had a big number in there. One to 5 AM 7 points. And I think they had a 7 for or something. Whatever was there's a big number in there was a real strong QAM book in man, every element in town where listen to what's including the ones, they're sending these facts. Is, oh, you say this and you said, if you're listening to me in time, this guy's going back years ago. So here you have this guy sent me facts about stuff I said, how many years ago? I've heard of man. Yeah. And he's still listening. That's what counts. Okay, because we're still kicking ass. We're still number one. We're still breaking into bucks with or without them, Arlen's. But you know what, it reminds me of what? It reminds me of that business with Donna Shalila and that crap with the billboards about we've got balls, you know? And again, it was all stirred up by the same one, uh, agitated out there, the Ojo on Provocator. Oh, well, you'll see the hurricanes are going to resound with QAM because they're going to be pissed off of these things that you say, and you'll live out to her, a cooons, it about those billboards, and guess what? What station did they resign with? WQAM, okay? Am I right? You are. Absolutely correct. Got my thumb right on it now. You were right, 740. Yeah, 740. Hey, I don't mess with me on those numbers, man. I mean, not no much else. I like Ronnie. I know three numbers. 666. What's your take? Here's the last chat. No, well, change the pool. Because we don't want to get JM upset. What's your take on a new stadium for the World Champion Marlins, 43 votes in, uh, hour and a half? That's pretty heavy duty, George. None of my tax dollars have built it. 2146.4% anyone in a while can vote for that because I live in Broward, not in date, but in Broward. I mean, we're a stupid and Broward, but not that stupid. No. Let's do what they deserve at 130. You know what percent that is? About 30 minutes. Exactly 30%. Right on the money. Nice going. I don't give a crap about it. 64. And it was great, but good by Marlins, 38.7% say enough already. Well, look at this. A new copy. Look at that from fat boy. You are such a. I'm telling you, this sells department. They need to be in prison. There are people on death row for lesser crimes than they've committed to our fine clients, or spending their hard and money trying to get some response. Oh, look at this. Survey shows big support for rush. In a survey of rush, Limbaus audience conducted for critical mass media by breaking corporate. More than nine out of ten, Listen, who said that news of Limbaus drug dependency had not diminished their regard for them. Haha. Keep reading. Indeed, 22% of those questions said they had gained respect for rush because of the way his handling is problems are only 8% to the headless. And over well. Oh, here comes the best part. As Senator John McCain might say, critical mass media like the NAB is a wholly unsubcitiary of clear channel communications, which also just happens to syndicate rush by its premier radio network. Okay. Yeah. So that is kind of sounds to me like the flora election. Like maybe a little bit. Suspect. Suspect. As in that in 30 cents. Well, I about a half a cup. Coffee at Starbucks. Anyway, here's poll number two before we do the break. How much did the world series win by the Marlins impact your interest in the team? Let's have honest answers now. I know that's a lot to ask. How much did the world series win by the Marlins impact your interest in the team? Here's your four choices. Tons. I'm a real fan now. Some. But I've been a fan. A bit. I watched some of all of the games. And not at all. I still don't give a shmit about them. There you go. There's the second poll. Let's separate them in from the go. I'm now including that JM out there. What do you say, JM? We love them, Marl. If actually, JM seems to be such a big shot, you're so enthused and gun-hole. You would dig in your pockets and you build a goddamn stadium. How do you like that? Oh, he will. With Glee. That's right. You put your Wi-Fi there in a street corner with screw-in. 30 cents a shot, huh? Humber's on a street corner. That. Oh. Three minutes till noon, a QA. If you're looking to replace that really tired old carpeting in your home. Let me tell you about Laminance Aras. They're the easy, the smart, the low, main insults are in it. They're the best, the smartest place for you to find Laminate and would flooring from the top names in the universe. They got them all. They got peridore, pergo, Wilsonard, Uniform, Quitch step, and all of Laminance Aras flooring is installed by pergracer to find installers too. Here's another reason why I'd be calling Laminance Aras. Their prices are so low. See, I'm out of practice, George. Their prices are so low. They're low, are they? Huh? They'll probably flooring it. Right now, get their fall special. For just $1495. Just $1495. That's $295. It gets you up to $295. A beautiful Laminate would flooring, which is positively unbeatable. Laminance Aras will match any legivit ridden offered to prove you just how unbeatable they are. For a free and home estimate, call Laminance Aras toll-free and tell them that Cranky Crush the old negative knee-altory to the call, 1-877-77-73336. What could be easier? Free carpet disposal, free furniture, moving a 25 year warranty, and years of beautiful easy care, Laminate would flooring. Call Laminance Aras toll-free today at 1-877-777-73336. And look home! This is 4-3-05-60. You way too way, yeah. This is Mark Morgan. Is the 12-1 hour on Q-8-M. Slip slide into core. Slip slide into core. They think their product has been slendered, and so their slip slide into core. Baby, it's paid as a film. It's called Dicky Roberts. It shows and skid on a slip and slide into little nerves. When the lawyers saw that, it filled them with joy. It's not every day you get to see what'll be happened from water toy. Slip slide into core. They're filing a door. You know that where low is field, and now there's slip slide into core. Slip slide into core. It's on you water sport. Another frivolous lawsuit is gonna slip slide into core. Slip slide into core. 12-3-5-60. No, they actually boosted up against earthy end. Who need point one percent said, let's do it. Let's build that state and put it in Marlins' aid. Those are some funny votes. Because 134, like three to the last four votes, you were at that was Jay Am probably in his buddies' Pollanon, and they were the last one. They probably live in Broward. They probably live like right over to County Line in Myanmar, somewhere like that. We'll pay a dime out of there, pocket. Oh, you people in Dave County, both in New State and we'll come near. I got any free tickets, Neil. How come we don't have any calls on the board? I thought this was Marlins' celebration Monday on QA, wasn't it? No, this was instant poli, you said. The George thing? Yeah, that's over where the answer was. No, no. Okay. You want to continue that? You just don't want to answer the phone. You can do screenless the rest of the answer. You're calling us up. Well, let's do screenless with no calls. Here you go. Here's one of them. What the hell is that? QA in? What is that sound? I don't hear you. Got somebody, right when they were calling. QA in? Oh, ah, there's nobody there. I don't know. I don't know. The Marlins' blan. Yeah, blow this, okay. New Yorker, New York asshole. Now you understand why New York won the app. Oh, the George took on Friday hands down. You can smell them 100 miles away, man. Just like this last guy. How to meds doing by the way, huh? There you go. How about the jet? I really hot. Giants want to gain this. Did you see that's got the Giants of how to minnesota right there. There we go. In my, huh? Minnesota Vikings were undefeated coming into the game. Twenty nine, seventeen of my memories correct. With two lay touchdowns and kicked their ass. That's a bad news. Because they're quarterback. What does it mean carry a carry columns? Yeah. Cry baby. Cry is a lot of the resume. Our operations manager of mufflands. He cries a lot. Although I don't think he spends any time in key west. mufflands. If anybody's looking for muff is in the key west of fantasy. Fath. He's having a gay time. Good luck. This. It's a wonderful time. Every time you play that. Good luck. This. Because he takes his vitamins. 5, 6, 7, 5, 60. Come on. Let's hear it for those marlins. What a ungrateful bunch of bastards, man. And to have it, I did not say older and a playoff. That it was good for the community. That I was glad, even though I wasn't going to be a front-referring fan. Fony. That at least I thought it was something positive and other, and other ways. And otherwise, bashed in bad, in negativity. Now what I said. Yep. Sure. I did. But I just don't want to be fony enough to say, hey, let's get done home now. Let's run a campaign to get to stay in because that's full crap. It's ridiculous. It's absolutely ludicrous and it's unacceptable. But there's the new pool. Let's see. How much did the world series? What am I going to vote on here? No, a bit. I watched Summer All of a Gain. I was like, a little tiny couple of pitches here. And then in there. So I'll be generous. I'll vote for that one a bit. I watched Summer All of a Gain. That's what I did. Didn't make me into a real fan. I was having it. On at one night I saw some of the fan used to me. Why did you voice your time? So did you write it? Yeah, right. Do you write it? No, too. W to Q AM. Hi. I wanted to play the order for the lyrics. You want to say one? Hello. What is it? Oh, man. What a ball of fire. It's self-floor to bathe. The town is on fire. Everybody thinks it's California. That's on fire. It's self-floor to their flaming man. You can hear it. He's called the enthusiasm. The excitement. It's beyond belief. All of a get our bunches are cancels. It's like a fact. It's a hostility because it's a... That's our Florida for you. Well, look at there. Blowin' a lot of smoke out there and say the ego. State of destruction. Maybe there's a lot of work to mysterious ways. Just like Pat Robertson said, he's got the whole state on fire now because of Arnold the therminator. He's going to terminate California. Man. Talk about crispy critters. That's a here's one. Dear Kermudgeon. During your brief vacation, George and Sudge did a brilliant job of keeping a little stimulated and entertained. Now we're in the midst of a two-day celebration here in our beloved South Florida because of our Marlins' wonderful victory over these soulless Yankees. Is it too much to ask you, show a little joy for us? We have so little to be happy for you down here in our third world situation. Why do you pass going to resort town of Toronto? Oh, this is a resort town. That's a good one. We each got our mega resistance here. So, as expressed joy for our baseball team, a phony facts here. Our fonts were my husband. It's only till tomorrow that we can forget the existence till next summer providing their winning. So, at least you got back to honesty down the end. As long as they're winning, then everybody, a few people stay on a bandwagon. If by some chance they wind up not being able to, you know, resound a lot of these high-priced players like Pudge, Fudge, Mr. Rudge. Well, and then if the team should go on a shmit house, then all of a sudden they'll hop off the bandwagon just like they have over and over again. The excuse being, oh, they broke up the team. They did this so they lost a couple of games. I mean, it's ridiculous. I'll tell you about what's ridiculous. Yeah, I should have asked, don't let me forget to ask for well-democracy broadcast to thrangest your games for what one season I think. Yeah. Now, you know that they're off to this tremendous start and spite of the business with heat-lead and dance night again and kill. But they're off to a phenomenal start. In fact, they finally lost their first game to the Panthers no less three to the other night. Now, I watched a little bit of that game Saturday with the rimman, and I'm going to tell you something. There was nobody there. The box was that it was 16,000 people there. I think they had the 16 part, right? But not the thousand. And it was nobody. You talk about a horseball sports thumb and Atlanta is one of the worst. The brave don't even sell out the playoff games because, wow, we know they're going to choke. What is that? That is one of the worst-freak in sports-down. So even though the thrashers got a really exciting young team and after a really good start, there is nobody at those games there. That was, did you see any of it? Yes, I did. And am I right? You are correct sir. There was, I mean, it was frightening. If there was 5,000 people there, that was a lot. Maybe they counted them each three and a half times. We had about 12,000 for the wild game. Yeah. We won a medal. We won a medal. We won a medal. We won a medal. We won a medal. We won a medal. What do you mean it was a pretty full house? This place eats 19,000, 12,000 to full house now? How many of those were paid tickets? How many were actually paid to get in? About 30, man. If that. Okay, here's the early result on our, this is the important pool. The other one. They'll slide it through. You'll see. Just like they did the arena and Broward. 33 votes. How much did the World Series wins by tomorrow's impact? You're interested on the team. A bit. I watched them all at the game 16. Tons. I'm a real fan now. Six. We believe it. Not at all. I still don't give a Schmidt about him. Six. And some. But I've been a fan all along. Five. There you go. That's the, ladle. Five six, seven, five, 60. And I'm saying you call up in the congratulate the team. Jack McKeein. The Josh Beckett. Big fan asked Pudge Rodriguez all of these guys. Alex Rock and Zollas. Rodriguez Gonzalez Martinez in the, sounds like a guy named Mafia, Buncha Mafia Cuban Hitman. He's what it sounds like. They are. It's all like the scene from Scarface. WQAM. Hey, are you doing pretty good? Okay. Does he all sounds like me? I do a heal. Let me say it again. Pretty good. Great. Two things. On the people who are saying bad things about the Marlins and not getting stadiums, all this country and the bankions fans. Yeah. And second go, Jan. Go out and come home. Yeah. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. Five six, seven, five, 60. Pound five, 60. Amanda, it's talk about the game that couldn't shoot straight. I don't know. Actually, they do that. They always go through their aiming for, but they want to kill in somebody. Pound five, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Marles line. Don't forget our best of meal on our website on theorangers.com. CDs, because he has. And we're starting to talk. This is the third time we're going to try to do that. Let's try to. About the coasters and whatever else. What we're going on there. He shoots mouse pads. refrigerator magnets. You name it. Pretty nice. You stuff from from what I understand. Travel Mugs are like though that the aluminum kind really nice. With the a picture of the album on it, of course. Right. So let's get with it. What do you folks waiting for? Man, we got about 35 grand. And we need a lot more net to a satisfying meal. You're into it. We need to get if we don't get at least 50 this year. It's going to be a disaster. Oh, we'll get 50. We will. Oh, yeah. We got no memories. We got to cut the check. We guys don't have any deadline. We got until whatever till we feel like we got enough. I'm still waiting for those tests to come pouring in for my colleagues. There. I'm going to go to the market and pay rescue. How about a check from Greg? That would be nice. And then in response to that great book that we just gave them. That was surely be nice. Here's a guy that's got more money than God more money than the boot. Maybe he's just all part together. Why? At the ratings party. He's going to come up with one of those giant oversized checks. Like the publishers clearinghouse ones. Right. 1213. I have five 16. How many QM? He must be a dog lover. Great. Yeah. There are a lot of tantalizing lines that go with that. Don't forget, Skoranz autobiography by the way, comes out. He imagines zero closing cause zero application fees, zero credit bureau fees, zero discounted points. It's the last mortgage you'll ever need. The revolutionary only one mortgage from financial group. Now with interest rate, it just 1.95%. That's only 738 bucks a month. If you have a $200,000 loan. Once you find answer gets you a new home mortgage from financial group, you'll never pay. Closing costs again. Call 1-800-940 land. Grab real financing power to lower rate mortgage. You can move to your next property without further cost expense. Only one mortgage from financial group is the way to go. Call 1-800-940 land. There's no obligation to give you all the details. It's a whole new way to buy. Zero underwriting fees, zero document fees, zero prepayment penalty. Zero closing cost even when you moved to another property. So get yourself financing it just 1.95%. Call 1-800-940 land. And all of a sudden. More than you pay for only an passenger having a fee with $200 bills. Sometimes the many of us off the cost parking lot for 1195, You can try that out. Excuse me ! Sometimes, if you have a problem, it helps to talk to people who have overcome the same problem. I'm finding a Sally, and I'm still interested in Chamberland. That's why there's been a for anonymous, a support group for those tormented souls crippled by their addiction to the celebrity couple, the rest of the world has finally stopped caring about. Today, I wake up wondering, are they broken up? Is the wedding on or on? What is the answer? Does anyone know the answer to Sally's question? Yeah, I do. It who gives a crap. At Benifer anonymous, we know your bombarded with temptation from media outlets help that to fuel your unhealthy obsession. Today, I made a great group. And once that is a war in a rat and a prolonged economic slump, Very good Sally. I'm not sure how these things will affect Jennifer and Ben. Intervention guys, get over here! No matter the severity of your Benifer addiction, Benifer anonymous can get you the help you so desperately need. All Benifer anonymous meetings are held in quiet private locations with no one else around. In movie theaters, that are still showing Julie. The Florida Marlins. Onsports, radio, my 60 WM2A. Okay, is that enough of those who are not? No, one more. The Florida Marlins. Onsports, radio, my 60 WM2A. From my 10th, it's a Florida Marlins. Onsports, radio, my 60 WM2A. Come on, Neil, jump on that bad wagon. Put on a phony act for us. Pretend that you're all excited and thrilled and jumping up and down and doing a causality in your pants. Come on, do it. Put your pants a couple of times just to make everybody all excited. That's how much something else. Five, six, seven, five, 60. Five, six, not that expensive. Just do it. Five, six, you were just like George is doing. Count something else on the AT&T and Verizon Marbles line. Come on, let's get some enthusiasm out of that, did it. I remember back in a playoffs one day we did the same thing and it was the same response. I say, go, yeah, I mean go Marlins. He was good. Yeah. Well, we can be the mascot next year. Or maybe we can call again to the Saturday event boring. W to Q I M. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, what's going on, buddy? How you doing, pal? I am staying most clap. Same old clap. What's going on, Neil? What you got up to? What can we do for you, sir? Yeah, I thought Saturday, uh, we did, uh, went down because they were going to play the organization in the high-area. I had the old lady hanging out the back of the navigator with the fucking fence. I thought our castle went down. Yeah. Kester, it does go down. That's what I'm hearing. Unboosh. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. A lot. How about a 50 on the AT&T and for why is the wireless line? To help it, if you can see, that must have been the girl doing a voice, you know it. Because, and you notice this time, Dan LaBaster because, I'd last time I checked Josh Beckett was just an Anglo guy, you know? Yeah. Just ordinary one of those white pasty Anglo kids. He's not like Leva. Dan LaBaster can't write. We won the world series, not the marlins, but we need a cuban's one of worlds in, not this time. Dan, sorry, Danny Boy. Good old cracker. WDQAM. I think the best thing about the one is whether it was in our New York and Jews. Ah! Thank God, there's no old Jews in South Florida. Oh, hey. He's the one that sent that fence that you sent me. What's the bird? Yeah. And George Steinbrider, by the way, he took birth to Newstie in Jewish. That's not true. We got enough problems. WDQAM. We're the girl of team. WDQAM. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, welcome back, first of all. Thank you so much. I want to let you know also that George and Scott had a great Jolly, you're gone. George and Scott and those Scott's been a lot of mention, so you must actually say, said something. So they're giving a good team. Oh. So what do I think about George for the next year? Well, I just take the paychecks. What do you say? Okay. Okay. Okay. I'm sure you need some help. Neil, I'm sorry about Ronald Reagan. Did you ever notice Ronald Wilson Reagan, six initials, six, six. Oh. Wow. I mean, what can you say? But you know, it's an evident. I'm even in the middle of this term. You could tell that he was already losing it. I don't know if you remember the 84 debate that debate against Mondale. Yeah. Where's the video? He just went up in the law of the land. He was talking about driving along the coast or something. Yeah. I mean, you could see him just like gripped off. And then when you knew that he didn't have much left because when he said that he didn't fall down, he meant to get to the whole thing without falling down. He was still standing at the end there for he won the debate. You want to get that way, exactly. One last thing also has just new movie is coming up. If anybody wants to get the real low down on the Nancy Reagan about her background about how she's nice for father, you know, her birth father and everything. Can he tell you an authorized biography just called Nancy Reagan, you know, by kitty Kelly. Okay. It's very good. I really recommend it. Okay. Thanks, Pally. Thank you. Have a great day. When did you see the devil with a red dress? Oh yeah. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless lunch. We are here in enthusiasm above that Marlon World Series. Victory to Lexi, which is almost impossible to believe in. Now is that line one? Is there something wrong with that one? Yeah. You want to know what he wants to know. Yeah. He wants to know. Yeah. He wants to know. Yeah. Yes sir. Yeah. I just want to mention a pectoring game for five of the series when they had the rain delay. Right. Well, after they started playing again, and you're looking to stand and you're going to be there when they all go. Where did they all go? Yeah. We're going to say that's crap at a lie. You're going to see you for a crap. Well, what kind of this Miguel known? A lot of people did go, but they didn't leave. They just went underneath to get to give me shelter. It weren't a plane. Give me shelter on the PA. Yeah. See, honest negativity. I don't know when it gets accused all the time. Well, how come you can't be more enthusiastic and healthy though? The pie pie for the big parade in the meantime. I'm not hearing any enthusiasm. I'm hearing any excitement. I heard like something good just finally happened in the middle of that cesspool. All I'm hearing is all this negativity. Just a hostile, as usual. So nothing has changed. I could totally be for the show. I wouldn't have missed. You said nothing. We've seen. It's in a little crap. There you go. Oh, it's just like party time. That sounds like a few ending parties. It's going to be held at noon in the pebble finds. That's right. Right out here in the street. Yeah, it's right out there. Yeah. Now out in the street, that's where a screen is servicing all the clientele. Twenty. Twenty cents by the way. Twenty cents a pop. I. Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T. And for why is it more or less line? It only person line one and see what it looks like. Look at that. It doesn't even do anything. A state. Well, what what happens when you press it. No, seriously. It's nothing. It's a no. It's a deed. Oh, my god. It sounds like another engineering debacle. Oh, my god. I got a few. I got a few. I think that guy Andrew had a point. WCWM. Hello. Hello. Pretty good. Is it Neil? Sounds like Neil. Hey, Neil. I'm going to have to train him from Windsor. And I've been down there two years. Not him. Sick of tired. It is baseball. Talk to talk to what a real story. Talk to the Maple Leaf. Would you please? Okay. Time tired of these fans. I know they went to championships in seven years. We don't want to have a shift to seven. I'm 35. I've never seen a lease raise a cup. But I've been to about 100 games. And every game of adventure was sold out. This town has no passion. So why are we talking to a sport that don't care about? Exactly. Well, I love talking to that. Well, he just ended that call real fast. If you think baseball don't have any fans in South Florida, hockey. I mean, you're talking. I'm not a sport in language. You're talking to a different planet. Okay. The community is in one place in, you're on Uranus. Forget about that. Hockey. Like I said, like a four language in South Florida. I mean, I have no, there are certain teams in the NHL. I have no business being existing. One of them is the Panthers. A lot of Mr Buffalo Savers. Others, the Pittsburgh Penguins and the other ones. The Atlanta thrashes as well as they are because nobody shows up. Those teams, uh, they're no reason from to exist. Do I mention anyone that I was wrong about? They got the Calgary flames. Calgary flames. But it's Canadian. They got to like, you know, it's an ego thing. They keep hanging on hanging on. They know they're not going to make the playoffs. They're not going to contend. But they got to hang on because it's Canadian. They already lost cool back in Winnipeg. At the end of the world. And they did a lot of Vancouver was like on shaky ice too for a little bit. Calgary came from Atlanta. That's right. These to be the Atlanta flames. Then they were the Calgary flames. And other the Calgary on a way out of business flames. Well, that's what people wanted. They wanted parody. They won. That's what they got. Media. Crack. I got the NFL package on flipping yesterday. I mean, the Patriot game puts you into a coma to pay prison of Browns. And it would be exceptionally maybe two or three games, which were the, the, the Steve is in the other Rams. Right. That was a good game. Yeah. That was a shoot. What else was a good game? There was a two or three others. The Seattle gut bushwack there at the end. Who the hell did they play this? You know, any. So by the bangles of all people, right? How about that? Took it right up the old. But oh, it's so pleasing for me to watch even though the Patriot didn't play well. It was a terminal game to watch bush dive as they were in a sideline. You talk about a drooling redneck man. Much dive as the UN factor right on the. The rapper. I was going butch you suck. Twenty seven past noon at five 60 and you know, how good Seattle is after Dennis. So what's his name? Then he's going to be another beer. That's the Harrison. Will he Ferrison remember that? Yeah. All of a sudden, Seattle like put together a real team. Will tease him. Hey, if you're underpaid and overworked like poor Scott, who I'm getting quite an entire hearing about it. Two by the way, Scott. Maybe you'd like a new high-panker, but you don't have four years to waste in college. If this sounds like you, we have your solution. Pick up the phone and call fast train at eight six six fast train. That's what our friend Todd Drek, our former friend. Tells you to do fast-tank and heavy train and zero to five for a high-pank computer network professional career or high-pank medical computer specialist. And as little as four months, that's correct. You can be fully trained ready for a great new career in a big fat paycheck that goes along with it. And as little as four months, fast train offers day evening weekend. Classes, they offer you job placement assistance and financially to people to qualify. And with six convenient locations including four and software, there's bound to be a fast train nearby your ass. So pick up the phone and call fast train right now. Toll free, check them out of the web first to be like at fastrain.com. And then call them toll free at eight six six fast train. And in a couple of minutes, Todd Drek's go to come in and sing the fast train jingle for it. We're supposed to be in five six. You a-am. You a-am. We'll Smith stars as well have an alley make deal. Because he says he can play anything with Don Giddle as Howard Co. Cell. And roll on to Howard's ass he puts this net over the road. He-he-he-he-he. So what's the name speed? Half-loat-type butterfly. With net-loat-off-e. Is it me the greatest? Well, he thinks he is. I like that guy. Sometimes why teach. And now look like the flowers. You find nothing to treat. Yes, margin laureates. I mean, Will Smith portrays Emily from his glory days to today. I'll be square. This beautiful having that leave the deal. Now crack that before the end of the night. Lost it. 33. I'm going to go out and get one right now. 560 WCM. The little dog Joe Rose for the man dog. And of course we should have known a man dog ain't going to be on it. Because he's in San Diego. I learned Jedis already just getting from screaming for the pod. I mean the chargers, pod rates, charred. San Diego. There's another city to never need sports teams, right? If you say something. They got a hockey team? No. Basketball team. Basketball team Scott. And you still have one? They got one now. NBA? No, they don't. No. And the chargers and the pod raise, they're interchangeable if you ask me. They're like two stiffs. I mean 84 set of pod raise one and they went to the world series. And that's it. Big deal. They went 98. I think they're a crock. Shinnes said that Joe crock just died. Ray Crock's wife just died. Here's a fashion Alex who says, hey, he's our, we blessed here in South Florida. We have their hurricanes kicking ass. Dolphins are competing for a playoffs spot and play a girls team tonight. The Marlins won the world series. And finally we have Moe Howard David in the, we what? We have Moe Howard David in the morning. We're truly blessed. Thanks, you know, you're right. Alex, we're blessed in South Florida. I'm so glad not to. I'm so glad to be a part of it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. So see, let me do the Robert Cardanshi in story. Okay, from the, the couple of good stories. And I'm glad that I left this laying around here. Otherwise, have a Schmidt candidate. This was the car that had the follow up on Rush. Remember that we had certain people out of one of my channel names in the building. Forward denying. Oh, that's an inquired. That couldn't possibly be right. All that business about Rush doing drug. Remember that? Not that. But I converted to a real. He's an inquired of the cycle. Now, I'd probably subscribe to it. Probably paying for it. OJ Simpson and I see I take exception. I want to make sure I separate myself from this first paragraph. I don't like the way the inquired handled his story. The first paragraph is especially. OJ Simpson, increasingly confessed to his lawyer and former best friend Robert Cardanshian, that he brutally murdered his ex-wife Nicole Brown and her friend Ron Goldman, the inquired has learned exclusively, which I would say. No. No. I mean, you can interpret that from the rest of the story, which I will pass along, but that's, that's how what he said. Did I do a good disfamed there? I think. Yeah. That's the blockbuster secret cardanshian nearly took to his grave when he died at age 59s of 10 or 30th, eight weeks after being diagnosed with cancer of the esophagus. Sources say OJ made the shocking admission after the inquired track down and published a bombshell photograph of the fallen football hero wearing a pair of Bruno Molly shoes that matched Prince thought of the crime scene. Those ugly ass shoes? So, what get to that? It says ugly ass in here. OJ at Tull Cardanshian never owned a pair of the ugly ass shoes after the photo surface to learn demanded that his friend tell him the truth. OJ laughed and told him, I don't all know shoes anymore. Got that? Got it? I don't all those shoes anymore. According to the source, Kardashian was floored. It was like someone had punched him in the gut. He had been a patty for OJ, he realized OJ had been lying in for years from that moment on the two men were no longer friends, dammit. Kardashian, who met some citizen in 1960, had been the former NFL star, Starchist, defended in the days right after Nicole and Goldman murders on June 12, and on June 12, 1994, Kardashian had been on the phone with AC colleagues during OJ's freeway chase in the white grunko. He read OJ's bizarre suicide letter on TV before his arrest, and he took OJ's luggage out of the rocking amistate when a Simpson returned from Chicago, implicating himself as a possible accomplice in the murders. OJ called him the best friend to go I could ever have. But, but that changed in 1996 after the inquiring cover the photo of Simpson wearing Bruno Molly's at Buflo Bills game, the rare shoes were the Lorenzo model where I wonder if that's Rodler-Renzo. The Lorenzo model, or maybe Lorenzo Llamis, you think? Maybe. With distinct silka souls, the same soul pattern left in bloody tracksure on Nicole Brown's body outside her Brentwood apartment, sounds like another one of those strange unfortunate coincidences for OJ if he acts me. The evidence led to OJ being found livel for the deaths in the 1997 civil trial. Bob went to OJ with a photo and demanded so I thought you never owned a pair of these shoes. OJ said he tried to brush off Kardashian with a lamp, but it only made Bob angry. Finally, OJ blurted out. I don't own those shoes anymore. Alright Bob, you satisfied? You get it? I don't have them anymore, so when I said I don't, I didn't own those ugly ass shoes. I meant it. I don't have them anymore. OJ said Bob was stunned and it was clear that he finally believed that OJ did it and came as close as he ever would to actually confessing the murders. I see a lady you're sinking in and you're shoes. You're soaking in it like the blood soaking into a shoe. Seriously, take that paragraph and then think back to the first one. So you see that they really, the first paragraph was misleading in terms of what he actually said, but he might as well have said it, you know? Right. While Kardashian never publicly revealed OJ's confession. He did tell Barbara Walters in the 96 interview that he doubted his former friends in a sense. When Kardashian died last month, OJ was in Shreepport, Louisiana with girlfriend Christie Prode, he barely reacted to those. The source said, OJ just said, it's too bad he was once my friend. Kardashians passing came to six weeks after marrying girlfriend Ellen Pearson, his previous wife, Chris later married Olympic, the Catalan champ, Bruce Jenner, you know who she is. Yet she and Kardashians for children were with him and as in Cino California, home when he died. His death was shocking a pal told the inquirer over the summary of taking a vacation in Italy and falling love again with lovely Ellen and Ellie Mortgagebroker and he had a very successful business creating songs that play before films and movie theaters. Nicole Sister Denise Brown expressed her sympathy in an exclusive interview and choir interview, but she said it was too bad that he hadn't come forward. While I feel sorry for Kardashians, kids who've lost their father Robert never came out and said that OJ was guilty of murdering my sister in my Goldman. She said, I guess it's better late than ever, but I wish Bob would have questioned OJ's innocence during the trial instead of after he was acquitted. She said, I hope that Johnny Cochlan and Robert Shapiro in the rest of the dream team will eventually come around to publicly speak the truth that I'm not holding my breath. Everybody in hell right now. Okay. So there's the deal with OJ and Denise and it just never goes away. That's one thing that will never die until he does. Especially in South Florida. Another black mark in Cinear, there you have to go again. And being on our parade, we have it as big parade for the Marlins. They want a world-serious. They beat the hated Yankees in George Steinbrenner. That Jew bastard from New York, even though he ain't. And at me time, you're peeing on our parade by talking very, by rehashing all this ugly OJ stuff. And you know what? To that? I apologize. I'm on and off. This is for 205. See you again. You get a lot of things. You're barred. The deal with Rogers on Sports Old Radio WQA. Yeah. It's just inhumane for an adult. You said that your heart increased, so have something on me. You're being mad. You know that you're gonna love it, have something on it. And you're just a nice, beautiful snack. I've make you days caught up on the wichies. And I know you're trying. And that is why I'm telling you is this kind of body. I don't know if I can. But I'm not a boy. Just a fire on your hand. And go to the church. Just like Justin. Hey Justin, you suck. I've salute you. Prop 45, I guess that's not a bulletin. 155 votes on a pool on the pool number two. Why have I just been changing? It's getting spastic. I think we're being freaked. Maybe. And what number are you got? My thing won't even come up anymore. Won't even pop up. What's 45? Well that's what I just had in a disappeared again. Here it is. 155. How much did the world series went by tomorrow's impact. You're interest on the team in the team over the team. I watched some of the games 50 32 percent. Some but I've been a fan 42. Not at all. I still don't give a Schmidt about them. 34 22 percent. And tons of real fan. Now I'm ready. I'm lined up. I'm empty not my pockets for next year's season. Take it. 29 18.7 percent. And we had any real. Marlon calls today. No. Any real enthusiasm or excitement. No. Anything. Nothing. Am I right? Right. Absolutely nothing. Team just won the freaking world series. They just beat the Yankees in six games in the world series. They came from the depths of the spare before the airport did July. And all of a sudden out of nowhere. Just came like a gigantic freight train like a roaring freight train sweeping through the freaking giants. And then the dreaded Chicago cubs in an asshole on the left-feel liner really feel. And then beat the hated and nauseating Yankees. I've always got probably into happy about that. Who are you rooting for really? The Marlon's at two and a half to one. I see. Now see that's sickening. That's that QM Sports nerd thing. That's like Hank always says, oh, there's an animal for any teams just wherever I got a better. That's not sport that's just gambling. What's the difference? I mean, I pulled for the Yankees. You pulled for the Yankees. Well, you know what? Good. I'm pulling my hand out. I'm pulling my hand out. 5605-16 that line won't be an out-released Frostmine say. You better tell a fix it about it because nobody else in that place will fix it. I'll do it during the break. Tell fix it. WCQIM. Marlon's line. Yes. Yes sir. I have to consider the success of it when you add this fall about the marlon. The Marlon stands out here that would happen I do one of the worlds, yeah. Yeah, right right What is that what does that mean consider the source what do you mean by that? So I'm against the marvelous is that it This season You know many games. Yes, probably more than you have asshole First three four years man. I was there all the time. I went to lots and lots and lots of games course I didn't pay for my tickets but nevertheless I would have So in other words that see again, let's blame Neil on the attitude of the community that don't want to get free stability People who stood him it must be Neil's fault So let's add that out of that t-shirt we used to have it's all Neil's fault that and then fill in a whole bunch of you know when it rains If there's a cloud in the sky if somebody gives you wild diarrhea Whatever, so it loses their job. It's all Neil's fault. So must be also Neil's fault that there's not this wild enthusiasm His story for tomorrow. Let's not. I mean I heard some of the crap with guilty this morning was enough to make me puke Is it anything I don't need breakfast Just I mean guilty you're well known as being the number one champion suckhold on a radio station There's no question about that, but for crying out loud, Moist 3000 miles away They're burning his musk right in San Diego. You don't have to suck what he's out of town But you're still sucking hard, okay, and believe me. I know something about sucking. Okay, you're a minor leager But what a joke Wow, yeah, but we have to let us stay maybe way to mind here. We need to keep calling it in arena They don't play baseball in arena guilty. I know you're hockey intensive as allegedly And by the way, hey to break the news to you go to your hockey in a juggs McDonald's job anytime ain't gonna happen 167 votes on the second and of course you got to consider the source not just affected the in first of all The colors aren't the ones who are voting on the poll. You jackass you've cycled in. It's the people out there The silent majority they're not calling How much to the world series went by tomorrow's impact you're interested in the team? 167 votes a bit. I watched some of the games 55 Some but I've been a fan already 42 not at all. I still don't give a Schmidt about them 40 now 22 percent out of a hundred and eighty three 22 percent still don't give a Schmidt and tons them are real fan now 34 18 and a percent are converts their real Marlon fans. You believe him Well, I'm well, we put the choice on here Even alternative to put on a good act and put on pretence for the rest of the public Hey, look at me. I'm gonna go out there and buy some tickets, man. I'm gonna go out there and really support these guys This is important to me Here's a call on the dreaded line nine QAM hello. I did the mom was a great story now. Yes, especially I'm calling from a pinnure Chicago. I think it's perfect Yeah, and that's it. I have to flip the South Florida friends don't want to Well acknowledge you to support the team and screw them screw them as right screw them But Neil What do you do to you? Yeah 567 056 the pound five 60 on the AT&T of Verizon wireless line WQAM hello Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hi, are you I'm your fine. I'm my model health is good I said my mental health is good is compared to most of the calories. I'm in pretty good shape Neil. I moved to sunrise about two years ago from Miami I know I know Why not dead down on the when the morning's one the series going out from all from far to not real to Back to university or what to sunrise lake They all the way to sunrise lake that was way past their bedtime, man. I know I know I know my lover is getting into me for beeping my home It's Neil nobody nobody was out. What a dead-down Yeah, that is Everywhere Miami man even had I will celebrate it with your buddy Martinez That was incredible Incredible we need to get them as a stadium in downtown Miami Hey, hey, how do we walk that out? Sweet water maybe homestead How about in goods Goals and go that's a damn late for wait for the dead people here in Broward to go Okay, pal again out of our woods too late. Thank you Ask the key or me to so he said it was pretty dead there. I mean, I'm thinking here the lease of a kind of embarrassing last year to play off when the Leafs won put out that they'd play before or that's right to fly as they lost in the first round So it was one of those games When the Leafs actually won a game in that night I can hear all over all of the city You can hear like the horns honking and everybody going crazy It was just that the one game they mean when the series were and that's right They were having a nervous look But I'll start playing that stuff. We did sound like Robert Greeper does not so embarrassing so too old I don't know what it is it's old gets terrible Somebody ought to tell him for a lot of tell me he's burying for what that stuff with all those sound effects He throws in a greeper man. You're a killer you could ruin any show could screw up anything 56070560 the enthusiasm man is infectious as contagious The town is on fire baby They're smoking it. They're smoking a big fat ones. Oh, I got to finish speaking a smoking it about answer then yeah I played that that just in timber think of a little parody Right, so I'm in McDonald's and I'll admit it. I hate McDonald's oh and I even went to Burger King You they have a thing called extreme cheeseburger And I saw this on the side but it I saw the sign it was on Nguyen Dyke which I think was named after the I make believe So freestyle but at any rate and I see the sign of streams cheeseburger What it is is they have a slide they have like two slices of the usual orange cheese Not cheddar but just orange and then there's a slice of like jalapinga in the between That's good Well, what have been if there was like meat in there, but it was an usual Burger King You know good year tar and rubber those two slabs of crab of rubber. Oh, man. I took two bites of that and like so anyway I'm in McDonald's one night And I ordered two double cheeseburgers because I don't need to bun I do my add-kins in there And I'm standing there with a counter And this is a true story you'll ever believe it and I'm thinking of myself I'm looking at the spot on the floor and you know you can see the kitchen's right behind the counter right And here's the guy standing there and I was thinking I support right there last year was where I saw that rat run across the floor And a moment that that came to my mind guess what to happen rat Came running again in the same spot and they got in the sea it Did you start taking it myself maybe it's a maybe it's a pet You know, I mean maybe they actually have a leash and a collar for it Maybe it's the product maybe it got out of the freezer that could be maybe he was running for his life good point But how do you like them apples? Huh as Mike Myers would suggest. I keep a log here's the fact that says please tell me Oh, no one's calling him because they're calling the sports show go in go and get top They don't try to capitalize on sports for your show to J.P. Oh, I see in other words This this a fact sure who also doesn't have a name is telling me why should be talking about right? I thought that it was a topic. I thought that one like a team wins a championship I thought that was the number one topic But get a topic don't try to capitalize on sports Well, don't try to tell me what to do as whole okay. I'll talk about whatever I want including assholes on a phone assholes on the fact machine assholes inside your echo Which believe me pad you probably got a load Local near sports radio 560's you a Bonus padono since Venus need to has one Natasha and I know you have to look for motion square Instead we listen to a neurologist parent balance one to two hours New one fox from the producers of the OC comes a new drama that you'll become obsessed Compulsive about introducing the OCD we need to get something straight you want to break up with me No, I want you to help me straighten all the food items in my refrigerator I love you the OCD its box televisions new number one 234567910 show You have such big strong hands Do you know what I want you to do with those hands? Was them five times in a row with water that's exactly 111 degrees Fahrenheit and a counterclockwise circular motion Yes So grab a nice cold beverage sit back and enjoy the OCD But first make sure your cat isn't stuck in the refrigerator I wonder if the cat just leaked in again better check it again And again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again Again, don't miss any OCD And catch a special corporation Yeah, next week and which we edited down to three minutes for those with a dd And again What a clock at five sixty Wdqm how about those? Marlins Yeah, but they're calling the sports show is Neil and I kind of waste their time calling you Well, that's fine with me it seems to me that back to really days when the Appanters win the stand-up finals What are we talking about all the time every day day after day after day? We love the pants. There's remember our last pony crap. Oh, yeah Did they really love the panties? Oh, did they know a hockey puck from a snail lenders bagel? They have any clue what it's all about oh they know the names of 90% of the guys on the team. Oh, no I mean it's not gonna change we can sit and beat it like uh just club it like that horses hit in uh when Jack walks bed Club it until right nothing left no mo But what's the point But I'm the bad guy. I'm gonna want it to an if the stadium thing goes to refer in a minute It gets defeated. It'll be my fault and just like today that John Henry and his uh henchman We're in the building remember that morning. Oh, yeah. Oh boy I zipped around the corner there to go to the studio and some of the hey Neil and they've they've realized who it was and boy looked at me like I was anti-Christ Anti-neal man look there would kill ah He's the one he's the problem right under one. I made you made the bad deal with Not Wayne not not a old ballty with a potmark push. No, must have been me Neil Dunn it. So I'm used to it Now line nine do we ever ever get a real call online? I cuz the other one was the missfit. Oh, thanks Here's line nine QAM Marlon's line Yeah, I want to speak to Neil speaking Neil hey My bad I thought I was gonna be on hold Listen, I was Gonna ask you where an Amsterdam this pala little last week, right? Yes, sir I heard that they changed them the laws there that they got like a clean and air into our air act going now They're working on it. I It's crazy. It's not because they want outlaw the the weed in the coffee shops It just they don't the anti-smoking crowd are trying outlaw all smoking in the coffee shops So exactly they don't ever do it. No, do you think it'll be cool to go over there and Took up when are you going? I don't know It depends on whether they pass this in the ordinance or not you better hurry Hey, I don't think I wanted to tell you Neil I don't think that taxpayers should front the bill for that's taking it all my my wife is a school teacher Right and her kids can't even take home textbooks there you go Like I said like I said they keep telling us the government about textbooks for the kids in a rack in a school there How about textbooks for kids in South Florida? Yeah, they they have one set and they use it all day and nobody can take it home and It's where it's hard but aesthetic. It's the American effin way, man So I want to stay the home, but somebody else your front the bill see on the dam rack I'll be out now see it dirty no nilies and the bulldog bulldog cafe vinegar George No five six seven oh five sixty didn't bring anything back from their did it's in a Scraisse and again everybody's always pointing the fingers nobody gives a fine crap Okay, that's the American public for you nobody gives a crap about the right things their parties are up in their ass That's the problem parties deep inside their ass So would take a team of product colleges to find out what the hell is in there right screw in oh Speaking of that. Yes, is a book you got a copy yet? No, but you can order from the website you can go to nilriders.com right now and you know how where you have all the books right hers is on there screw in when it's autobiography One of the pink and one of the stink it's available now only on nilriders.com probably got several chapters about You should go look I'm I'm look right now Under where it says word nation wide baby for some reason my computer is like Slow down here. Which is this thing is usually like lightning? I see a sick freed end Roy and I see rush with his oxy cotton microphone. I see Arnold with that wrinkled shrivele up thing hanging down Hang down your head. That's the tunnel. She's right next to a rush She's next to rush right to the left Left to left to left Oh, always worth his read with nil oh Haha That's not a rock that Eric has always been the best in spite of what you say one in the pink one in the stink by a little fan-winter Available everywhere at a plain brown wrapper that is the best and Look at there's her ugly nasty pussy on there Well, I can't wait to get a hold of my hands on the copy of that I'm your key to be a best seller around the building. Probably got some pretty good stories about one of your close personal friends. I don't want to mention no names, you know, great. Yeah, pictures right in the middle. Five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T in Verizon for our list line. That line one B and I just it just throws me off. You know, it throws the whole thing out of kiln. I have to get about it. WQAM. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I don't know Jack went to a higher power to secure this victory. WQAM. Hello. Yeah, I'm calling to the mill. Yes, sir. Speaking. Okay. Listen, the national question. What happened at the level of this college is dropping out. Do you like falling off the internet? No, no, no. I'm not going to take you. Listen, what happened? Did you see the Buffalo game in Kansas City, right? I saw parts of that. I loved it. I thought it was great. Okay. You think what this is going to help them out. McGee when he comes back into the line. Yeah, McGee. He's going to get the job done. Man, old gay. He had the gayer to better find. By the way, the bottom line is drooplets so blows five six seven. Five six six pound five six. You almost like we're doing a sports show here today. No, we're not just to piss off that guy that give me instructions on what to talk about. But it just just that mazes me. These people that it's the hostility of South Florida. Wow, you're doing this and you're talking about that. Don't do this and don't do that. What you don't. That's my response to that. I'll do whatever it all I want to do. And especially now that that summer book came out and even with Georgia on there have to write. And maybe because George now that other facts I had about Georgian suds who were so entertaining during your vacation. How often was said, John? One day. Oh, made it sound like he was like your partner on there. Yeah. George suds and Scott for the next year. And then I'll come back in a year and we'll see how things go. How it will see what the numbers are. Huh? Well, you can keep putting them on our website like we did with his last book and I can look at that. Oh, look at that. When I'm over here in Berlin or Copenhagen or Stuttgart or Stockholm or wherever. And I'm hanging out with espresso in your cyber cafe. Sure. That's right. They'll burn this studio like so in California. Well, I don't think so. Or, but that does not permit us to go in and physically move somebody from their home that we use as to. So look at that. They're sharing a picture on CNN right now. A burning musk rat in San Diego. Absolutely. Unbelievable. Scary scary sight. 567.0560 pound five 60 on a AT&T and Verizon. See nothing ever changes. You know, but as long as I've lived all these years, I've done this in a stand. And I just, I never learned my lesson. It's not going to change. You can go away for 10 days, 10 weeks, 10 years. It is never ever going to change. No. How about you QAM? I'm not going to change. I'm all in celebration line. And you're in so far. Yes, there's no letters. Yes, sir. Am I on a video? It sounds just like your voice. Oh, right. I want to lie to you. I'm on your part. I'm on your part. I want to lie to you. What was the last time? About an hour and a half ago. Oh, my. Cool. WQAM. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you? What's going on? How are you doing? Turn our radio down, please. I was listening to the thing. I was drinking. Hey, listen to me. What's going on? Have you heard of it? Are they going to do something at Joe Robby? Like they did in 97? They're going to do something like what? Like that. They had a party in 97 about 80,000 people showed up at Joe Robby. Yeah. Have you heard of it? They're going to do that this year. It's just come out of this. No. Now we're just going to forget about it. And we're going to go on to important stuff. We loved them, Marlins. They're just up there. Against the Yankees. They passed the test. And out at it. Yeah. Huh? Come on. Let's see what you're saying. What was your name? That did that Panthers song? No, look. What was it? Joel in. Oh, yeah. Good old Joel in. And then she got smart. He left town. Hello, not too smart because she went to Nashville. Yeah. He, although she probably fit in pretty good. Up there means she was a nice person, but she was kind of like always had one finger in her nose. She was picking an agreement. I want this back. So, all chronic. Why do you send me these? Chronic. Over the weekend, I twice tuned into the radio station. There and got Josh Dero both times. Clarence. Who's programming decision is there? Well, probably his because he's like a D. He's a god awful show host. Well, we're certainly going to agree with on that. I was crying after an hour of that torture. Well, so, see, this is what kills me. Somebody is on it. You don't like, why are you listening? It's like you people right now don't can't stand me. Why are you listening? Crystal set radio. At least give me Joe Rose or the big. Oh, on a weekend while when they're asking for the big. What Joe Rose, I could understand. But when I want to hear the big. I'd rather hear Clarence myself, at least, you know. I mean, the big. Oh, he's just a pretender. He's a pretender. He doesn't have a clue what he's talking about. And he speaks with that Spanish baby talk man. He has no business being on a year. He is one good looking guy. No, I know Joe's got a thing for him. A little thing. By the way, the picture sector of your website could use a little update there. No more beauty in our best. Bees please. What does that mean? We got beauty in the beast pictures. Are there still? What is with the beast? Is matter, fact. Where's he this morning? I don't know. Okay. Is he somewhere like traveling with the hurricanes to some like. Leopard colonies for the next the big game. I don't know where was the beast. I heard big fat Zach. Well, at least they had something fed you on here. They couldn't have the beast. So for all of stuck with Zach. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 were. The input here is just phenomenal man. I just am waiting for a little something little enthusiasm. A little excitement. The team. I'm sure that the people connected with the team are probably depressed and morose now. This is the kind of response that they get from the South Florida audience. From their sports station, from their flagship station. W. K. and Marlon celebration line. Hello. Q. A. M. That was Wayne. W. K. and hello. Yeah. Hi. I was trying to get the whole meal. Speaking. How you doing? This is, I wanted to make a couple of comments. Number one, I wanted to thank the management of the Marlon. I wanted to make a couple of comments. I wanted to make a couple of comments. I wanted to make another comment as far as the stadium. I thought we would do the stadium down here. So we don't have to play second-fiddle to the golfing. As far as time, even on your radio station. You cover the dolphins. And the marlon. But you get preference to the dolphins. Well, that's in the contract. Exactly. But that's in my space. We make a lot of money on the dolphins. I don't know if we even break even on the marlon's. Right. That's my point. I think that they need to have maybe even their own radio station. I mean, you know, marlon's radio. That sounds like a winning domain. But the problem with that is we wouldn't have any of those early days off on this show. If we did that. Right. He just vanished. You just went up and up. Huh? That's a big one. We like those days when we get off at 12, 30 or one o'clock or whatever. You know, a little extra time off. That always sounds good to me. All right. You bet those afternoon's when they have the big games. Mad dogs got the whole day off. Oh, right. Comfort comes in maybe for an hour. Maybe not at all. What do I know? What I'm saying? It's right. Too bad we're not on noon to four. We're going to be on when every tomorrow's are playing day games. Rest of the time we're just taking the day off. Sounds like a real winner to me. Maybe this is just get their own radio station. See now. Now, if the enthusiasm is so intense. It's like, well, you know, Q amp was okay for a while. It was adequate. And now it's so big and so important that you guys, uh, small pith is we're going to build our own radio station. And our own stadium and our own goddamn city. And we're going to have like all the ships at sea and everybody in the world is going to be like Marlon intensive. Does anybody believe any of them? No, of course not. They're going to like come coming with their hand out again. Just like John Henry did and just like Wayne did for the Broward Arena. And now all these people with all their millions and billions of dollars. Oh, please, please. Like what we did for you. Please build us a big dome facility. And then if the team should suck and go soft right away, uh, everybody will vanish again. Like they do every scene, just like Jacob is feeling Cleveland. Everyone of man, the Susan team starts going in the cramper. Everybody vanishes and all that enthusiasm excitement. Like the guy said before to call him line nine, could be paying for some textbooks with that public money. But in America, nobody gives a crap about educating their kids because they're afraid their kids will be smarter than they are. That's the problem. That is the problem. Everybody talks are really good game. But here's another, these facts are just unbelievable. We were waiting off on your assessment of the bullet train ball. Keep the kick, but I said it is a long getting great amusement. You were wrong. You made it a mistake. 114 by the way, by paycheck just to show it up what they said today like over the weekend. I just mentioned that in passing for all these negative people out there. You know, money gave you a little stuff. Don't interest me at all. Look at that. You're going to go to the parade. Still at the south Florida parties. Did you see that on CNN for about two seconds there? Wow, holy Toledo is Rick Weaver would say. That's what we need. Let's take a hold of Rick Weaver and bring him back to MC the celebration. Right, Alex. Hey, when you see McRezder is advertising a 50% sale off. Is it a trick and treat? Have they inflated the regular price to you a false impression of savings? Do they just have one piece to sell it to sale price? Then it's gone and then try to sell your full price set. The McRezder industry is full of phony claims in shell games. That's why I only call dial a McRezder 1 800 mattress. You ought to be doing the same. No false promises. No bait and switch. Just discount prices every day on the brand names. You know, interest. Now, including Stearns and Madana's foster. On a sales practice is in fantastic service. Keep dial a mattress right number one. A customer satisfaction. When you call 1 800 mattress. You pick the day in time for delivery. With an any two hour window seven days a week from 8 a.m. till 10 p.m. I've been sleeping on a McRezder 2. I've been on a McRezder 2. I've been on a McRezder 2. I've been on a McRezder 2. I've been on a McRezder 2. I've been on a McRezder 2. I've been on a McRezder 2. I've been on a McRezder 2. I've been on a McRezder 2. I've been on a McRezder 2. I've been on a McRezder 2. I've been on a McRezder 2. I've been on a McRezder 2. I've been on a McRezder 2. I've been on a McRezder 2. We could skyline and see what we do. We could skyline us all together with Garret 3. We and the Kraining family to heat up. It's a little eight year old Jimmy Archer against his grandma. Little Jimmy's playing this one beautifully. I must say he is down to one card and, oh, hold on. Oh, he forgot to yell. Oh, no. I'm going to be on four. Oh, no, you're not. He's not. He's not. He's not. He's not. He's not. He's not. Well, you know what that means. He's got to draw two cards. Now when that puts grandma firmly back to the driver's seat, yeah, too bad. That's a rookie mistake. And that's just going to hurt him. It sure is. And what is your name? Oh, oh, no. He's throwing a tantrum and running upstairs. Oh, no. As you know, that's an automatic disqualification. Well, I'll try. Jimmy really needs to work on his Uno phase. Give him time. Give him time. You're right. He's young. And we'll be seeing more of him. I'm sure. So congratulations to our new world series of Uno champion. Grandma. Oh, no. No. No. No. No. No. No. Oh, no. Well, that's all for now. We'll see you next week when we bring you the world series of go fish live from the Caesar's palace. Take care, set it. Oh, right. One point of your five six. He WQM. That's so perfect. You know, it fits right in like a globe. So when we have this follow up facts from the chronic facts, who have been asked before about the bullet train, is it who that gives a flying crap about the bullet train anyway? Says my gosh, don't these two sensitive truth be told you were way off on your assessment of the bullet train vote and a half sense sales tax vote, same with the new ballpark. There's a great story today. Some similar on your website about today being the day that we choose a contractor and the route you think we should use jet engines of electricity should be up and running by 2011 a real bullet train. Uh-huh. This guy, what time is his show on? Right after years. Luckily it ain't on this station. This QM and here's the best part. Does WQM really believe they can make the marlins a better offer than clear channel. David Ross is what? It is and what is that? Heard before about the threat. Oh, you guy now that they want to world series, you guys can't have the marlins anymore. Now they're really big. Not just the threats but boy, they in touch with clear channel and the powers that be or what? Yeah, like all the money clear channels making on the Miami heat. Oh my god, that's a real where for them and all those big ratings. Anyways, David Ross is moving in for the kill. Didn't didn't anyone at QM notice all the clear channel execs around L'Oria? Oh yeah, in fact, they were all crap at in their pants that were so nervous about that. Don't feel too bad. There's a very long list of people lined up to kids David Samson's ass. Yes, chronic facts. So not only that most of those people are the same ones with the beginning of the season. We're talking about what an asshole he and his brother and la are father. What are your father and la is? I have a sense of humor. So I won't take what you said about my wife seriously. She's much prettier than a of your boyfriend. Well guess what? That's what you're wrong. I'm ego. That's where you haven't got to clue what you're talking about. If you only knew. Five six seven oh five sixty here's another facts. But the facts are pouring into the day. Thank goodness for that because the calls are really suck. In this cultural melting pot of assholes called South Florida's no wonder why no one gives a crap about the marlins. Do you really think this highly intellectual greasy crowd which you any motion toward a sports championship? People who don't realize that certain cities in towns would sacrifice their young virgins just to smell a championship little alone two and seven seasons. This is a town that got extremely emotional over senior crews. It always forgot all about that. That's a good point. Because you know, and again because I'm out of touch. I'm not there. I don't have the the feel for it. Like Tom Jikasin. I'm not that he was done so I can tell now. When the mortician lifted up my skirt. He said, I live alone alone alone. I can't do it. I can't out of the lake at home. It's a call. It's a call. It's a call. That says everything it says. As much as you rip off a local, can you imagine that I see don't start with his buffalo. Buffalo is a cesspool. Okay. Buffalo is garbage. As much as you rip off a local, can you imagine that time of the bills ever one one. The sick of you. After watching our game against Kansas City yesterday, I would hold my breath anytime in your lifetime who ever does any defense. The sickest part is I came to this town as a nice guy with business ventures and 10 years later, I'm sitting here realizing I've morphed into a soft photo asshole. Just like them. Thanks for your refreshing honest teacher. Why does this happen? There's so many good people when they come here. Anyone can answer this. I greatly appreciate it. It's called it goes with a territory. It says screw the marlins just based in the fact they represents South Florida. Mexico City, Marlins has a nice ring to it. Sign Pete. P.S. I do like Georgia in a video, but we all did not relate to four hours of marijuana slang or colors calling and offering little baggies of the green stuff from other other than that. He's adequate. Were you doing drug deals again on a year? No, they. How about off the year? Yes. No. Better way. Once I'm really good chef man, I brought George back at well. A brick. Long story. In your naval. A big brick. Five and we're going to throw right through the goddamn window with the party on Thursday. Yeah, that's right. You're all invited to come to the place for the big Wem ratings party. What a laugh that is. Especially where he says congratulations to Josh Duff Doreen and the entire QM said, well, what the hell is that all about what the hell is it done? It doesn't even put the gel on there who does more work in one day than that bitch is ever done in a whole life. That's number one. And number two, what the hell is the promotion department? Have to do with a successor ratings? Anything? Zero. They promoted us. Oh, is that what it was? Well, you mean like that big banner when they put up their, I would have left my knee off the speakers. That kind of stuff, huh? And we still beat everybody. All our mad dog man, seven five and at the two to four slot. Huh? I scroll in our mad dog. He's not there anyways in San Diego. Try to put out the fire. Five six seven between now and two o'clock. I want to hear a little bit of enthusiasm on your World Champion Marlins. This is of a disgrace. Aren't you amazed and shocked in the, uh, huh? No. No enthusiasm. Let's look at that poll. How much did the World Series win by tomorrow's impact your interest in the team? 286 votes. This is our second poll. The first one wasn't too promising on the stadium. Some, but I've been a fan all along 92. A bit. I watched some of all of the games, 88. That's what I voted. I watched a couple of things here in there. Not at all. I still don't give it to you. I've been about them 58, 20.2% and tons. I'm a real fan now. 48, 16.7% are real converts. They're really fans, at least to the parade is over. Now what's the story on the parade and the festivity? So it would be nice if somebody would cool me in on this stuff Scott. Since like time jickices, I'm so out of touch. I had to like it. Huh? I have no idea. Well, we are good about it. Well, not that David Ross is going to spirit the Marlin broadcast away from QAM. Oh, man. Oh, man. How are we going to survive after that? And like I said to Miami heat, what have they got about a point of point nothing? Just like on 940. Just like the same thing with a big the big challenge from Fox Sports 940 with their fractions. How did they do in the last book? I got a right here. I get for all the stuff you fax me that Thursday. Look, let's take a look at the morning where they're up against some stiff competition. Absolutely. The mole man and for real, at least if the first couple hours. Wiod 3638. This is in men. Okay. Now, what does the college? WRFX? Just and believe you me, I could make that. All I'm going to have point 6 to a 1.3. Oh, but there's still number 23 in the market. 50,000 watts with a 1.3 share. And the only reason they actually increased in this is because they've got the secret weapon on here now. So he's a mom prop prop prop problems. Right. The crow put them over the top. How about in midday? How about against us? How much do they were like dangerous? Especially with the one George. That's right. How how could you compete with Rome? I can't. Do you know if you are FX? Can we find them yet? Oh, I think they might have had like a double digit on here. From a 1.3 to a 2.1. See what I mean? They're on the move, baby. How about against the Humper and the Mount Mad Dog and the afternoon? Which by the way QA was number one in men with a 7.0. Let's take a look at our FX, huh? 0.6 more than double 1.4. Oh, oh, oh, look out now. Reminiscent shades of the fan. Remember the fan? No. 1790 on your AM dollar. But I'll tell you a little bit. No trouble. So we got to be real nervous about that. Plus David Ross with his fox sports. What is Miami Heat? And now with a Marlins. Good luck to him. Okay. We'll pack them up to the Lami Sandwich. WQA and Marlins line. You. Yes sir. Oh, I gotta go. I gotta do my break. One. What? Nothing. Find a handle here. I have to do the break now. Right. Time to talk to him. I'm sorry sir. I apologize. Okay. I'm just like a guy. I'm just like a guy. I'm just like a guy. But the fact is this spots are what we're here for. We got to get him on a year and spite that I've won. Got it. It's upset. We run so many spots. At least on this show we don't run all those sports spots. Like all the rest of the sports segments where they were like 56 minutes in our spots. You know, one of the best kept dining secrets in town is right there in Coral Springs. The Gold Coast seafood grill. Just celebrated their one year anniversary and got three and a half stars from the prestigious Suncental Showtime dining review. The Gold Coast seafood grill has got all kinds of great specialties like Mangal Plum Salmon. I'm encrusted Mahi Mahi, Orange Honey Glazed Seabass and Craven Trim Stuff Trout. There's an incredible bar atmosphere with an extensive line and martini list too. Big martinis. We're talking about big gigantic martinis. At Happy Art. Our only five and a half bucks and four to seven PM seven days a week. The Gold Coast seafood grill you're fighting in Coral Springs, twice 752 North University Drive inside the beautiful Walk Shopping Center called 954255 fish for reservations and more information. You can die and inside or outside and big parties and private functions are welcome to experience the best kept secret and lunch and dinner dining. The Gold Coast seafood grill across brings at 2752 North University Drive inside the Walk Shopping Center. That's the Gold Coast seafood grill where you'll find great seafood and great prices too. The Gold Coast seafood grill is a great place for the people who are in the world. We're talking about the Gold Coast seafood grill. We're talking about the Gold Coast seafood grill. We're talking about the Gold Coast seafood grill. We're talking about the Gold Coast now we're at evil and here's the reason why we think she is. Her butts too big for her body too big for her body too big for her body. The dress can fit no more. No more. 133 to 56. You can't tell you we're really keeping on top of things you're at the Sports Center of the Universe. Not come to find out the dolphin game that I did not be played in San Diego Scott. It's being played in Arizona. How come nobody told me that? We did. You told me that? Or is it a go? Yeah, something like that. With major wildfires burning in the area yesterday the NFL moved it off and it was going to be a problem with listen. Move the game against the Charger Stein from San Diego to 10th year of Arizona. How many people are going to be at that game? You think they're driving in San Diego to 10p? No. You think anybody in 10p gives a flying crap about the Chargers or the dolphin? No. No. So that's to be interesting. Well that will take away the home field advantage from San Diego plus they suck anyway. So it should be like a walk over again. What do you think? I think the Panthers could beat the Chargers. Now I don't want to be talking about that stuff because of this other fact you just sent me here since they're so they're really hostile man. I think that the town to be like in a good mood. Right. High school. No. It says hey, gay guy in the radio. There is no one is calling you to talk about the marlins because you have repeatedly said. Now see here again you repeatedly said so if somebody listens every minute hangs on every single word you repeatedly said you show ain't no sports show and no sports holes are listening. Now whatever repeatedly said as I'll talk about whatever hell I want to talk about. So shut the f up and do what you do best. Criticize, criticize, criticize, criticize, anything and everything fed up with your BS. Signed Jeffrey Luria. No. It's not signed by anybody. Un signed like all of these kind of a lot of hostility coming. I guess they've missed me last 10 days, huh? Lots. Have an event at it. You would all last one. Are you kidding me? But that's not it. Now they love you. Yeah right. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound by. I want to hear before we only got 26 minutes to go till Joe Rose. And I want to hear one enthusiast to call one legitimately honest of a misent enthusiast with somebody's something that positive to say this is at its grace. Even for some for this is way above and beyond the call of duty if you ask me. WQAM enthusiasm line. Hey, how's it going man? Pretty good. Yeah. What's up Dave? Hey, let's go to Dave online too. Hello. Sock it. Yeah, suck this. See there. You know he was busy answering the good call. Yeah, that was a great call. WQAM. Hey, good afternoon. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That was a good. It was enjoyable. It was nice and winning. You know for change. But it'll be another few years because I'll break up the team like usual. How do you know that? Wow. You know, you know, you know. Charlie. Oh, I love it. The enthusiasm is just unbelievable. The sourest and nastiest the most hostile. And like I said before, it ain't never going to change. It's not me. I'm going to damn good mood. Main thing is reason is not there. That's a best reason. I'm going to good mood. Good going this Molly. What a pile of crap. Like I said, 24 minutes of counting waiting for one. Just one. Is it going to happen? No, not likely. Maybe I'm lying. That could be the magic line. WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, they do and come about the mountains. Yes, go ahead. I'll tell you that the thing about the mountains is I used to this meal. Okay. I used to go to games a few years ago. And I remember that the whole sections would be like 23 people. Right. They're dogs. They're bread. It's correct. Bring picnic tables. Is this meal? I think so. Let me take a look. It looks like I haven't talked in a while. That's the thing. And so and I'm so in about like good seats. We're surprised. Probably nobody would ever go. So I don't really know what's going to happen. I think maybe she might be my big my big concern is that after this year I want to see if they break up the team because Well, after the first team went in every direction and nobody stayed back. So I want to see what's going to happen with that. But the other thing too before you get to emotionally excited is that we're trying to say because I tell you the thing is to I used to go to hockey games too and I kind of thought you know I like sports. I think I don't like cheap fans. That's the thing before it. I don't know if that's ever going to change down here. I'm not trying to say New York is all that. New York is a real team. A real city real real world. And they're like 15 million people within like shouting this. That's true. Most of the people in the Yorker under the edge of a hundred and speaking with yeah, but the other thing too, they've got a dynasty going. I mean, you know, the tune of the the braze and the Yankees. I mean, it's just like within the last 10 years, I think the Yankees have gone with six or seven times. So it's kind of a different ballpark. But I don't know. I don't want to take too much more of your time. It's just that I just wish it was more loyalty in this community. And I'm actually up in Gainesville now. But I'm going to you out, but I used to call you all the time. And I kind of miss you. I'm glad for the website too because I could listen to you like in the morning. I got for a website hanging there. I have a great thing. All right. You see, he was like kind of like Luke warm. He just doesn't want to get tangibly involved too heavy duty until he sees what the later lands go. He's a little bit skeptical to understand my sense of skeptical. Got a lot of caught a company out there. It's just was wonderful. It was a great experience that are going to stick it to us again. Now I haven't said that. Have I? No, it's a possibility. I have mentioned about Pudge because he's a guy that's going to command some serious books. You think he's going to be banned? The Pudge monster got the big expense of house with that monument to himself out there. He stands out in front of crosses himself and pointed the sky all day in the off season. Got a big ass. 567.0560. Come on. Let's have one really enthusiastic Marlon call. They won the World Series two freaking days ago. It's only Monday. It's only Monday. You have to be a sports nerd. Look at this thing. I'm a real fan now 17% 56 out of two whatever there's three 38 330. How much did the World Series win by tomorrow's impact? You're interested in the team. Some but I've been a fan already. 104. A bit. I watch some where all of the games. 103. Not at all. I still have a Schmidt about them. 6720.23%. And tons. I'm a real fan now. 56 17%. Do you believe those? Yeah, whatever. No. See now you're being sour and skeptical. I'm being realistic. WQM Blue skyline. Another gun. 2AM. Hello. Yes sir. Chronicle. Okay. One of you. Oh, they're getting. Are you kidding? All he's got to do is nail. Always the same. I'm like, he's poking him in the ass with a red hot poker. Can't handle it. Don't call me against you. I won't put you on a year. Okay. Even that are learned to say my name different. Like, slimme will be good. Not that. Yeah. Can't stand it. You know him. I should go. Yeah. WQM. Hello. Oh, I'm sorry. It's time for the break. Bye. Well, you know, as far as the colors are concerned, if you've been on vacation, no, few days. You just want to kind of ease back into it. Especially on the day like today, it was just every how many times do I say this? Every time I say the same thing. I always think that I can't be shot by the responses software, but yeah, they can always pull another big surprise for you. Hey, you think that was exciting. You see all those people on the parade? Well, we don't give a crap. Okay. And then the responses, oh, all the sport nerds that are one who get well, that's pretty sad. Because we already know about the sports nerds. What kind of crowd that is? Did the ones calling Goli? Oh, let's build a stadium right next door to my house. How does that sound? What's up, somebody else's money? Of course. Let's build our right next door. It's not convenient for us, you know? And how is it that they got those 66,000 people in here for game five? Scott, how do they get those people in everyone such a bad place to play? And it's so hard to get to, and it's such a crappy stadium. How do they do it? That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. I'm not joking. I'm not joking. Just like that. 19 till two a QAM. If you're looking for a really fine place to eat breakfast lunch, you're dinner, better try out Vickaners from Rochester, New York. My hometown where I enjoyed many a great meal too many. Vickaners has been around since 1934. They're located in South Florida now. That's a good news for you. On federal highway, just south of Barbarne, Bovard, and the tunnel on the east side. Not too far for all them. Fag bars are and used to be. Vickaners is a flashback in time to let restaurants were before fast food. Go and enjoy a hamburger or hot dog served hot fresh and fast. The Vickaners weigh their brought to for the audio about the same guys who feed you, Cheever, or Cheever. And Vickaners use the same fresh 100% ground shock meat as Cheever, Cheever. And off is you an incredible big fat quarter pound hot dog with a piece of meat like that in your mouth. You'll have a smile on your push from ear to rear. And what makes Vickaners different from anybody else is that all their burgers and dogs just like in Rochester serve what our famous Vick signature meat sauce poured on top to do a Kizanski in your on your taste buds. And if you want to try something different, Vickaners have got all kinds of great dishes including a great breakfast menu. They got your omelettes cooked to order French toast pancakes, audio favorite side dishes. So go buy a Vickaners with you from a run quite Rochester for Don't You Depue or Lee Roy and see what all the talk is about. Vickaners, the run federal highway just out the barbed board of the tunnel on the east side, be sure and tell them that old Rochester and underland the old part near Rogers sent you by to Vickaners. Coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music guide of your profile story. They will have Danish band who boop fun at one of America's cultural icons. Hey who said the f*** Danish have a right to do that? They were aqua. Wow! See you then in the new street who play Barbie in the band's famous video spoke to a student interpreter. Yes, even though you only know us for Barbie girl we were quite popular at home. We won't one a Danish Grammy. Well a Danish Grammy when with that award ceremony was like and Dine Vineries. But when you lay mass foreign awards it's not all aqua is known for. They were also sued by American filmmaker Mattel who owns the Barbie trademark. I'm a tell spokesman spoke to us through an interpreter. Okay, he's saying those f***ing things up. How is it being there? They say things up with their toes. Barbie is ours. You aqua. But Mattel lost the case. A victory for aqua. They spoke to us through an interpreter. No, no, no, no. I believe that Nyanyanyanyanyanyan. Aqua. There's wacky Danish. Today even knowing in the breakfast food after them it's a big juicy shopping wed look at show business tonight on inside of behind. 147 13 go to Joe Rose for the mad dog at to the staff. No, and we got no hopper today because you know why she work isn't the off most of the week or all week. I'm looking look at that two a through Wednesday. Yeah. Kimbo bull camper tomorrow and Wednesday and I go on hopper excellence schedule. Dr. Phil is a fraud. Get out. That's the shocking revelation of two former guests who said the show's produces paid a stranger to insult them on camera to range for a photographer to do the same. They saw firsthand what a fraud doctor Phil's show is and they want the whole world to know about it. The source close to the woman told the prestigious inquire. Mary Ann Baudelay 400 p.a. 400 p.a. a administrator of the National Association to Advance Fatak Settons Napa and Sally Smith 374 p.a. a big beautiful woman magazine when a doctor Phil McGraw show last November. The lady said that after years of worshiping Dr. Phil's work they were thrilled to be invited out of his program to assess discrimination against overweight people. They said they thought they would be treated with respect. But before they could appear on the show, producer sent them an undercover mission to last Vegas. They said a hidden camera followed them around her hopes that strangers would make fun of them in public because of their weight. But the whole thing is Dr. Phil would say drove off into the ditch, Sally wrote an article about her experience. No one insulted the woman they said until program staffers arranged it. The producers were convinced they would get what they needed Sally, role well they eventually did but they had to actually pay one man to make a rude comment and convince the poor horrified camera operator to expedite the students as something mean to us. The crew then moved to Laude, women to Los Angeles, set the number of restaurants to two diners, known to dislike fat people, hoping the strangers would say something nasty, it didn't happen Sally said. When the show aired in November of you were some Marianne and Sally visiting a mall of fitness center in a buffet restaurant. Can you say those two walking into a buffet? That's a set up for a joke, right? Hidden camera footage showed onlookers snickering supposedly at the overweight ladies. A different times in the restaurant one man asked, is that fat free ice cream and another told a woman leave some food for somebody else. But it was all a scam designed to fool Dr. Phil's viewers, the ladies say. Sally said she and her friend Marianne had been loyal fans of Dr. Phil from his days on Oprah. When one of us called the other with a problem our media response would be, what would Dr. Phil say Sally we called, what a silly bitch. The women told a pali appeared on the show hoping to change the self-help gurus philosophy that being fat as a psychological flaw that can be overcome through willpower but once I'm to show the rose cover glasses to which we'd seen Dr. Phil shattered Sally claimed. Echoes on it, like a great length. Anything we can do to not Dr. Phil we say. A rock. Excellent. He's a piece of crap total fraud. Another drooling southerner. Taxi. 360 votes there are votes. 359. How much did the world series win by the Marlins Impact? You're interested in the team. Some but I've already been a fan 115. A bit I watched some of all the games 110. Not at all I still don't give a Schmidt about them. 76 21.1% and tons I'm a real fan now. A big time fan I'm gonna go out there and buy tons of season tickets. 58 16.1% and we're still waiting for our first column enthusiasm. Two days after the Marlins win the world series right there in New York, two nothing against the dreaded hated Yankees. We're still waiting. WQA in here it is right here I can feel it. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes sir. You know, the only thing we're going to be at the game tonight at the Dolson game in Arizona. Yeah. So the two kids are free. That's why they're giving them away for free. So it's gonna do the back house. Well, even I'm actually not going to be right there. I mean, you need to be about 100 because you might as well. You might as well. I'm going to slap us in Arizona. Yeah. I'm sure. Okay. Thanks for the good news. It's gonna be packed with free loaders. Perfect for a South Florida team. What do you think? Yeah. You didn't like a rubber glove. And what is this thing? You just sent me about the creature from Jack Al Island. Why would you send us to me? I don't know. What of our facts are suggested for the creature from Jack Al Island? It says keep up the great work entertaining and forming a listen is about the real story. Have read most of all the books you recommend. Love your articles on a website. Like to return a favor by recommending the following book. It may help confirm many of your world views about our supposed leaders and you'll never trust a bank again. That's it you ever did. Are there anything like a bank? Because they like to watch over your money in order to sing? They suck. 150 what at 560 QAM. Oh, I'm gonna be California girls. California girls. I've just been haunted because of your girls. Yeah. Yeah. Now for Arnold, we'll book a head and vomit on your neck. I think now Bob. Bob. Bob. Yeah. Make don't mistake man. That's why God is bringing me in terrible California down right now before it's too late. Right. Is there any question about it? No. I don't think so. Now it's 157 which means we got like less than three minutes to get our one enthusiastic excited call about the Marvel World Series with you better go through a whole bunch of them. 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T line. WDQAM. Hello. Hello. That. Okay, bad phone. WDQAM last call. Hello. I'm a huge yassick. Myelons and car. Nice. Nice. Nice. Listen man. I've been a bandwagon several high-through nerds but I started at the beginning of those season because this myelons team is in great for watch. I know you were there in the 96 watching those dancers. Those young guys who just loved each other. Tell you with heart they did a great job for that for that. We now came together with beautiful. This is all over again here in the three. But in the form of baseball it's beautiful near. I'm never never been in a bit near the end. I'm gonna continue to never never never ever met that. I'm not that clear. I'm not the man. I'm right. Okay. I'm good job. I think he was freaking adults here. Just a little bit like he's scripted it like he wrote it out. I don't know. Didn't it's not like it was from the heart. But nice drive pal. I was a good change of pace. Even Josh Beckett never threw a better change up. He's throw it in his he throw changeups. Yeah. Occasionally that very often. No. He's not Cuban though. WCWM. Hello. I got the ball. Okay. You got some proponing day in 1923. Hey listen that's pretty interesting about the fact that maybe that's why there's not the enthusiasm because we had like a young kid that won a game. Right? If would have been leave on. I love you Miami. All of them. Remember the whole different ambiance and plus of course that was you know. Different era. Different deal. 567 05 60 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. You think Mary Malifin's going to be at the parade handing out extra ballots. Everybody who shows up. Okay. Three. WCWM. Hi. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. All right. I've been a moment fan since 1993. I was upset when I think of me with such a jerk. But I never give up on them. Never get up. My good friend. My hard model and fan. My first son died and Jack did a tremendous job. The old Jack done a great job. Some of us old folks are so bad. Thanks a lot sweetheart. There's nothing like being a die hard. Anyway that's they're going to get us the right. The winner was that was she won the season tickets. Right. I'll be damn too bad. I hung up on her. 376 votes. How much did the world series win but I'm our own impact your interest in the team. Some but I've been a fan 12. A bit. I bought some of all of the games. One 12. Not at all. I still don't give a Schmidt about the team 82. Almost 22 percent negative people and tons. I'm a real fan now 60 16 percent. The little dog and believe you meet. The Marler calls are going to start pouring in now. Get on the phone right now. Look at that phone. Get those calls coming for little log and have a party in your pants. Bye bye. Well, a suck up job that was absolutely.