Neil. You gave away 500 tickets? Yeah, and 500 people total were at that game. It was a ghost town in Fuderal House. It was a freaking morgue. It was a miles away. I'm 213. My ass. Everything you need to know of. You finally taken the South Florida cure of your girl. I finally eaten Dutch soup. There was 500 people there yesterday. There was 10,000 off below every one of them. Right? There's no way. There's a line in the door. There is a third spy under me. By the way, he wasn't even the game. My train sent me butterflies or somebody had a kid. I was seeing a guy. I don't speak into the beast to care about how come the beast is doing live spots on your show. High priced talent like you who can't even afford a car. How come the beast is doing live spots? I'm, I can afford a car. I just won't pay for one. I'm getting, I got a car deal supposedly. I believe it when I see it. And then he said, I'm getting him real estate. I have to charge him five bucks to do a live read. That's seriously. What kind of crap is that? You're only offered two hours. You have little bit of veil. And this little tub of crap that you're on a virgin blowing out of there anyways. Doing live spots. Yeah, I'm going to bring that up to Greg Reed in my next meeting with him. Yeah. This is a very valid point. Why am I letting the beast use my hand? No. No. No. Yeah, you're as hard as how he did it. He does a good on your show when we asked him to do it. Yes, did I? My show. Yeah, like he wasn't getting paid. I got someone in my mouth or something. Yeah, I'm sure you did. That's what clearance came. You're marble boy. So yeah, it was offered. Terrence was offered two jobs. You were that? No. No. One in Tennessee. One in Kentucky is PD. He said he prefers KY. We got two holes today. We took an early poll to see if who should be fired at the station. Yeah. Who is named? I got on top of the list. Oh, no. This is the best. I love eating nuts. What would you say? I do. Are you getting defensive already? No, I'm fine. What your name just happened to be at the top of the list for all's trying to get your bone out. I think that you know, everything you say about, at least for all Howard. What a push coming. Hey, listen. I'm looking at the Sunset and the website yesterday. They have to know. Oh, dolphin game won't be blacked out. They finally sold out. I mean, what are we talking about? This is a town, especially in the summertime and all the way till December. Forget about summer. All the way through the fall. There's nobody there. They can't support anything. If you gave him like a gigantic jackstrap, they couldn't support it. I went to a, I didn't realize the last time for the first profile game. And there was, I think, three guys you had. Royce last night. I wish I did. Yeah. Hey, now. I love getting rid of one of the beast long enough. You'll have Royce. Those things are like, those are like, parasites. Those hemorrhoids. You know, Roy Foster, Roy, who used to be Roy, who used to work in ourselves to bring in the bleeding oozing hemorrhoids. Oh, right. Did you know that? No, but I did not. I mean, from that big strap on that, he used to borrow all the time. Oh, I saw that thing that he was blacked around. I think was dangerous. God, I bet you, you know, I won't even say what I think. You didn't. And it touched that thing. Did your coscran's been on it and you were in and around it? Ah! Just thinking about that makes me go e-tony romance. Oh, 10,000, two, 13. And you were a puppet at listen, even I, even I, who don't give a crap about baseball anymore. Even I was like, push and come on. Listen, go out there and support the team. They're like, uh, tied for the wild Carly. Nobody shows him right in our deal. They can't play muscle. I was in right field. And I yell, hey, batter swing. And you could hear me at home play. I'm sure of it. It's in better. I should hear you on the air. I was listening to the game. I said, that's for real. It was embarrassing, dude. Wow, what are we going to do about this? I'm just going to go and I'll go to O'Leo later night. And you wonder why the hell I don't want to be there? You wonder why I stay out of there. I know now. I don't know. I only bad news. The only bad news is my phone rang. Well, I wasn't here. I think I was. But I came back last night and it was a voicemail on my phone. Guess it was from Roy. It was from the, hey, right. The stalker, Jeff Rimmer, your close personal friend, Jeff Rimmer. No, he's just, no. I don't have any year words. It was the now or so. And then I don't question authority anymore. You're right about everything. I'm just going to go back to a bug a tea game, jump in the pool. Good luck to you. That's fine. Have a great weekend, Scott. You too. It's Friday, you pasted. He didn't ready old. On totally in control. Would lies in his inn. The nation. You're, they don't want you to know about the globalist assholes. Right from the whole nation. The economy took a crack. Getting slaughtered in Iraq. I'm a push to pay the trade-ups. Call the people that want to know this only one way to go. You gotta retain it. New papers, but... You know what? You can't talk to a little bit. Yeah. I know, but they just want to be in front of us TV. Think they would happen to them. They're going to be happening to me. You know what? But it cares about you, yeah. They're, yeah. O'Leah, it's New Leah. Yeah. And they say, what is you saying? But they wouldn't have gone up a media alleyway. No father, they would do much information. I don't want to leave it. I don't want to believe it. So can do things like that? I've taken it very bad. It's the best in this challenge. But if all this view and Fox News, they don't lie. No. But it cares about you. It's a way to have a bad ass. Everything's just bad. So one of two people down, I can't be said to share with that. I've been making things out by ass. I don't say anything to one of you. Don't think they look a cellophobia. As you go, all of the was gone. Oh, yeah. 10,000, 2013, a tomorrow game is to have to know. A tie for the wild car lead. They're now 12 games over 500. They're a hottest epistole. They're doing all of this without my low now. Last few days. And nobody cares. That's why I played that right off the bat. Nobody gives a crap about anything. No, Mo. Right. What? Exactly. That's my point. See even George, you don't care. Hey, let's get to this first pool. So I have to give yesterday's pool results real quick. Let's dispense what that guy in six. Here's the Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Fort Lauderdale. Come on. Let's do it. Yeah. Yeah. So guys, I should get fired as you. Yeah. Okay. And. So do it. I'm going to buy. Do it. Do it. You. I'll take couple by the way. What was called an. Yes. What? What do you say there? I don't know. Some jackass. First half by the court. If thanks again for listening to the number one way to get a Roger show on the highly way to QA. Who's the most boring big name celebrity we asked yesterday. Don. I'm as winds by such a. Landslide. 108 nine votes out of 1120. I mean, he was like more than double just a little more than double his next closest competitor Ben Affleck 92. Rush Limbaugh that big bag of wind right when crap. 85. That was probably a bush legal liquor or a legal that we just hit on there. Dr. Phelma Groh who was a late addition and thanks very much to the guy to call it in the end of the show yesterday. 70 votes. A strong fort. Harrison Fort 61. Kevin Costa 58 Howard Stern 53 Charles Groton and Richard gear tied 44. Larry King 41. I'm going to learn. Uh-huh. Rosie O'Donnell 37. Glory S step on a Carson daily 33 George Clooney 31. See. Now that call it I just had that's typical of South Florida. Sure. I hate good morning. I understand what is beautiful there. Have a nice weekend. Everything going great for you. You know, no. It's like you should be fire. Great tire. You know, bunch of assholes. That's why nobody's there. George Clooney 31. Woody Allen 29. Kiana Reeve 29. Lisa Marie Presley that little die 27. Jeff Goldblum grossed 25. I wish he'd fly away. Ben Stein 21. Ellen D. Jettarit 16. Right on top of David to company 15. Arnold Schwarzenegger's got 11 in California. Phil Henry 11. Phil Henry 11. Are you sure? Checked twiceville. Jay Leno 11. Maria Scarey 10. Steven Sigeal 9. Spice the loan eat. Edward James almost made the second page with five. John revolt of five. Timothy Dalton 4 Ben Stiller 4 Denzel Washington 3. Donald Southern only had two because they thought it was very steady when he went. Like that. Anthony Hopkins 2 and Sean Connery had two. So that's it. That was pretty good. I like that pool. I want to take in two polls today. First of quick. This hour. If you could get one person fired at WQM. Who would it be? And here's the list we got so far. Now maybe we are by the way. The path has got another stiff Jonas Hogan unloaded by Lisa. A's a stiff. So they got an old ex-late Todd Gill Todd Miller. Listen to Todd Drek. And Jonas Hogan is going to be a long season panterfans. Jonas Jonny Hogan boy. She suck or what? If you could get one person fired at WQM. Who would it be? Here's our list so far. The beast, George, Neil, low Howard David. Absolutely. Pral. Geldy, Greg Reed, Hank Goldberg, the Humper. A Joe Kaustella, Mark Eisenberg, Orlando Elzacuiri, and Jimandage. We left off Ed Kamplin because I just I don't have the heart to put him on here. Because there's no way he ought to get fired. I mean, no way any of these people should get fired. I'm not thinking to people get in the fire just because somebody feels like it. And the reason I'm taking this preliminary poll is because for us to be fired bad, we already got blown off of the Mohara Davided show. We're not fired just off that show. He wants him reassigned. Right. But that's no fun. I mean, no seriously. Can you imagine doing a poll? Who would cover your Q and F to be a sign? I mean, what are we talking about? That's not the South Florida F and White. Oh, that would be a. The South Florida F away is fire your ass. You should be fired, Neil. You should retire and George you. You're so, you know, bro. But you're unfriendly nasty, miserable, hateful rotten bastards. Just what you got in South Florida, which is why nobody can show up for anything. Ball games. That's why they almost had a blackout. Could you imagine the opening a whole moment of the dolphins, you don't think it's a girls team. Blackout? Could you imagine that how embarrassing that would be? No. So they had to go right down to the wire to sell the last tickets so they could lift a blackout. And they declared a sellout. And the Marlins 10,000, 213 and like Scott said, They were like maybe, you know, maybe a couple of thousand people. There's nobody there. Nobody there. They're red hot. They're on fire. They're like the shock of the sports world. At least in baseball and nobody cares. Nobody's there. So why the hell's your media all been out of shape? Nothing we could do in the best we can. About what? About life in general. So let's get that new pull up there. Eric, let's, well keep this one on at 11, 11, 30. Now we got that second pull, which is similar. Is, you notice the similarity there? I did, but it's much broader, much broader scope. And more fun. Hey listen, when you got up this morning and took a deep breath. What were you breathing? If you're tired of the schmutz, the molds for us, the dust particles, and all the other crap in you. Maybe you got a really bad mold problem. You ought to call 1-866-542-4995. That's the number four. Clean air restoration. These guys really know how to get you rare clean. If you have respiratory problems or allergies, call 1-866-542-4995 today. You spend hundreds of thousands of dollars on your home, but not a penny, to ensure that the air that you and your family and even your pets and your goldfish are breathing is clean. The air pillow system on your conditioning system is there to protect the AC coils. It's not intended to filter the air that you're breathing. There are hep-a filtered air handling systems take out almost all airborne particulate including all sorts of nasty things, molds for the compensatory produce, micro toxins, animal dandre, dust mites, insecticide yeast, yeast cells, skin plates, building material dust. It gets my dandre up just thinking about all the crap we're inhaling every day. Clean air restoration is less than insured there employees have been in the business for over 25 years. Right now, Clean Air Restoration is a special needle deal for you. For just 1990, rather the conductivisual mold assessment of your house, though inspect your AC unit. AC air ducts your home interior and attic too. From now, that can suggest what you may need to make the air in your home cleaner and safer. Clean air restoration handles more related insurance claims, commercial and residential projects as well. So, improve the quality of your life by improving the quality of the air you're breathing every second of every day. Call now 1-866-542-4995. Clean air restoration will make your air fit to breathe. That's 1-866-542-4995. This is 4-2561. Anyway, let's go ahead and do it. We're going to get ready to blow. Hello, everyone. Billy Mays here, the guy who brought you AC clean and orange clean. Now I've got a new product that harnesses another all natural cleanser introducing Feecee's clean. Look at that red wine stain on this carpet. Click you have to throw it out. Think again, just a few skirts of Feecee's clean. And look at that. Now you won't even care about the wine stain. And Feecee's clean even turns the carpet back to its original color as long as it was brown. Let's put Feecee clean the work on this eye at Einstein. The patented brown foaming action and the distinctive odor is how you know Feecee's clean is working. Now, just wipe it away with a crumpled piece of this 2-ply wiping tissue. Free with your purchase. Take it for me. I should know I'm Billy Mays. My initials are BM and Feecee's clean works everywhere. Your home office, garage, boat or RV, any place accidents happen. And even works on pesky chocolate stains and stubborn skid marks. I'm Billy Mays. Telling you that when stains got to go, you got to go with Feecee's clean. 1018 at 5.60 WQM happy Friday 2-Yup. And we left a very important category off this initial pool. Do you realize that? Nope. Don't fire nobody. Oh, that's right. That's how I want to work at Eric. Don't fire nobody. No, there are people who are real happy. How many of you think are happy? Stop turning me off. If you don't want to see anybody get canned. I don't like people getting fired. Nope. Even mole. Oh, I did go for him. But even mole, I would like to see him get fired. I'd like to see him get re-assigned. Like maybe two octopica? Or something like that? You hear it, salani? It's like fire. It is like, yeah, just like when he tried to get your ass fired. You know, you say, so it's brutal. You start playing with people's live. Right. Cruel. Cruel. I'm not just disgusting. I'm acceptable. So let's add that on there. Don't fire nobody. Here's a call from moral geables. I'm going to fire you. Oh, retire. You're a cast, retire. I'm going to fire you. I'm going to fire you. I'm going to fire you. I'm going to fire you. I'm going to fire you. I'm going to fire you. Here's open park, hello. I like to put my phone in for the whisper. Hello? Which means what? George Wayne whispers when that guy calls in he goes his favorite child. No, no, you mean the mumbler? No, he goes his favorite child. Oh, I'm a German Jones again. That's another asshole. So there's three out of three assholes. We're batten a thousand. Even Thai Cobb couldn't do that. Even baby Ruth couldn't bat a thousand. It's going to be asshole Friday. You know what? We're prepared for it. I'm delighted. I'm ecstatic. At least there's a pulse. You know what I'm saying? Tom Jickus says I can't. Oh, by the way, what year? How many years since Tom Jick erot a column in a sunset? I'm good man. Yeah. The last column on a website July 29. This last time I checked is the fifth of September. So we kind of missed a month in there. And that's on the heels of his big whining and dining out in LA with all the big Hollywood TV moguls. You know? But I'm going to want to suppose to be out of touch. Touch this, Tom. You little jackass. You little squirt. Maybe he died or something. I think he died? I don't know. Right. And some are I don't know. We don't wish he would die. I mean, maybe like have die is hair. That would be good if he had any. 3 to 5 this afternoon. The lovely Miguel who's got plenty here. He'd like to show you some of it. He'll be at the coconut creed seminal casino. 55, 50 Northwest 40 of three just off sample row west of the third bike. And for Steve is very jury after coconut creed with our best in the Elmer to nice and a QM van. 3 to 5 this afternoon. We'd better plug that a lot because of a feeling. We had 19,400 as of the start of the show yesterday. And we're just not getting no information. If Doreen would keep her goddamn hands off of his ass. Maybe he'd have some time to really get involved in this thing heavy duty. And all of a sudden. But she is back there like grabbing his ass and try to, you know, squeeze his privates and stick it or tongue down his throat. That sounds like sexual harassment to me, don't it? Okay. Damn bitch. And my Greg and sunrise says, hi, Neil. I'm a fellow D NH devotee. Do know harm. Thank you. God bless you. Thanks for coming. I think about the beast being way too visible on a for real show. I send an email to the deaf inform. Now I started to tune out whenever the beast interrupts and talks over Scott. Finally, can you imagine the rain station when everything had Scott and managed to do the off against? I seriously. I said yesterday that for real ought to be doing the Marlin games with boog. Right. And I'm serious about that would be great as the colored guy. He could be the colored guy. It says it would be outrageous. Scott and Mandage. Could you please play a Mandage yell and Scott screaming. Woo. Greg and sunrise has worked up at a with frenzy. Mohour David's leading the early returns and if one person was fired a QAM who should it be. We got 28 votes. Come on, you can hop on there. We don't have a lot of time for this. Let's go. Mohour David has 14 to be for a guilty two. One for Mandage, one for George, one for me, one for Scott, one for Greg Reed, one for the Humper and an out some. Look at that most up to 20 votes. I think he's a weiner. Here's Del Ray Beach, hello. Mohour and Beach ought to be on from two to five or whatever. They're the worst on the air. So put those two together and make them live with each other. The miserable bastard. Okay. Thanks. Ha ha ha. 5. 5. 6. 5. 6. 5. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 8. 7. 7. 7. 6. 6. 6. Here's Miami, hello. He's starting a new deal on that guy. Here's Miami on four, hello. Yes sir. Why he has said big gun? Yeah. Yeah, I told him to make a fire there, I mean, right? What language you speak in one? American. Jamaica, huh? Yeah, man. Yeah, what can you do for it? Say something. New. If you come to me man, I'd have fire Howard, but since you said to take it easy on Howard, I'd say I give him a three, M, to three, 50 and show and have him get a sideline reporter for a middle school. Yeah, I'll ride. I'm ride. You got his number, George? Oh yeah, sounds like he's got the good craft. Okay, now we're getting going on a start way. No, more Howard David, it leading of course. What is your pot? What a concept? George and I both voted for Mo. Mo's got 26 votes. I saw where there was only two votes on there and to begin with, both hours. The beast eight, don't fire nobody's seven. We like those seven people. They want they, they appreciate the fact that we need to eat. Okay. George five, Greg weed five, Neil three, fire Neil. For all three. Two for guilty. Orlando, Elsa queries got two Jim. Man, this has got a pair of body. The people are really surly because Mad Dog never gets any negative to revotes. You know what? There ain't nobody, don't like the Mad Dog. He's got a pair already. Joe Costello's got one, a Humper's got one. None from our guys and we're got a 65 because nobody has any idea who he is. Who is the guy? He's just terrible on the air. Here's Pompano, hello. Hey, no. Yes, sir. There are a couple of things for you. I George should be fired. Yeah. And I got a question for you. You said 50 TV is really good. Yeah. I went on on line now that I checked out 50 TV. There's American broadcasting. No, it's not. I'm not talking about any of the network American Network shows they carry. Why do you have no idea what you're talking about? You idiot. You parochial in bacill. People went on line. Yeah, what does that mean? You watch in city TV online? No. No. Here's the guy that he's he's critiquing for me. It's television in Toronto because he's looking at some crap online. Listing of networks shows that they might carry. What does that have to do with anything? What do price of peanuts? Anything? No, nothing. There's one of your people. I mean, what do you're a negative. Yeah, it goes to show you. The people that hate George generally speak and don't know Schmidt. I'll know some of them are pretty like the abulin guy. Now, the C.H.H.T. is that why you got so bad out of shape? There's no he's a chronic. He never had anything to say. Well, that's fine. Listen, are we going to be picky? See you. You should come out now understand. Am I that stupid? I'm going to be picky. Now we talk. We talked about eight people already this morning. Listen. And seven of them we could live without putting it. Sure. Sure. Get kills him good time. We're getting paid for it. That helps wrong with you. He's a stalker. Mo, how no, no, Rimmer is the stalker. Well, hint to. And he's here, at least the abulin guy ain't here. But Rimmer is here. And I'm serious. I'm not answering my phone this weekend. If anybody I know calls me, I don't worry that I died, although I might. But it's just that I'm not answering the phone. I don't want to be bugged by Rimmer. There's state at the most expensive hotel in the city here, according to his voice mail last night. I think I'm going to show up if I'm gagging on it. See, I just died. Okay, I'll call me Rimmer. I died. So you can probably afford his own meals. No, you know what I'm talking about. Yeah, I'm damn it. Stocking me. And Amsterdam, there they are. Hint to rot. Over to getting gagging on them. The stalkers. And you know what? My phone is ringing right now. My phone in the other room is ringing right now. That's the best I love. Go for it. It rang once. Oh, that was the best. Oh, God. I know who that was to probably some pervert. Anyway, more how we David a 34 don't fire nobody 12. That was great. The Beast 9 towards 7. Greg Reid 6. The Maddoz got 4 and guilty for it. I can't believe this. What's going on with his curly crowd to wonder if nobody wants to be there. For else got 3 or Lando 3. I got 3. Most people only got a pair, but I got 3. One little one. Hey, Goldberg 2, Joe Costello 1. And Mark Eisenberg, people are saying, who the hell is that? 5. Local, 26. 5. 60. The radio's on yours. How do I get you, man? I'm going to say when I'm just going to talk to you with Goldberg. You got to try and every pump stays in the realm. And then I know what the chatroom's on with you. But they go home and have the oil in the oil fields. Oh, can't you see this city here? I got my back against the film machine. Huh? This is the worst in the sea. I used to play one of the tea. Oh, what the hell they've dropped? Can't break the sound, Joe. They have dropped. Can't break the sound, Joe. Oh, yeah. Thank you Mr. President for those little cast prices. Those record high cance prices amongst 75 average. Unloaded crap. By the way, US also lost 93,000 jobs in August this evening. What they lose them? On the non-form. Well, seriously, it's 93,000 non-form jobs lost in August. Just when they're peddling in some bunch of crap about, oh, they caught him he's turning around and it's great because they certainly can't talk about foreign affairs now. So now all of a sudden he's started talking about the economy like he's putting all the pieces back together. Is he doing it? No, of course not. If you could get one person fired at WQA, I'm who wouldn't be wearing scone the arches of talk. A little preliminary pull today. Beast is doing pretty well. More Howard David at 46 don't fire nobody, 21. The beast 11. George 9. But, Greg Reed 8, Neil 6, Jimmade, 6, Hank Goldberg 6, Geldy 5, Orlando Elzacquiri, 5, Tharouse got 3, Joe Castella 1 Mark, I come out 70 vote for Mark Eisenberg please you don't have any votes. And even though this is one where you don't want to have a lot of votes, if you don't have any votes it's like you're being ignored, nobody has any ID who you are. Right, like you're not important enough for a vote. And this says Naples on 9, but always dubious. Here's Naples, hello. Yeah. He's over in Naples allegedly, but he's listening to a boring show. Take your asshole. Boy, you guys, he's a little bit too far south of the blown away that tropical wave. Just wait. Mickey's going to be in the Atlantic. Here's Miami, hello. Yes sir. Have you seen Jerry Lewis's head? Is this Woody? Yes. You know something? Well, I don't know what this is going to shock you, but when I pressed that button I thought it was Woody. I don't know. I'm not joking either. I knew it was him. I mean, would he call us on a day like this? Yeah. He would. It's asshole Friday and this goes to show you only the losers stay in town. The other people on the left to stay there for their jobs, et cetera. Well, that's another story, but the loser stay there at this time of the year. When it's 400 degrees in the shade, you've got all these tropical storms and hurricanes and tropical waves and all of this other crap. And about 40 people doing the wave at a baseball game, which went out with the knickers. Look at this. Cato Valley Arkansas, man charged with wearing a Skippy swimsuit. A man's Skippy swimsuit was too much or too little for Taco Bell workers in Arkansas, and plays a Taco Bell called Polis Sunday. When the man walked into the restaurant wearing only a tiny black spito swimsuit in the cutoff T-shirt during the Labor Day weekend. Cato Valley police chief Hiram Latin said his attire or lack thereof was a little too revealing. He was just hanging out there. He was inappropriately dressed for a restaurant said Latin he said the man had left his clothes at a lake. The man faces a seven hundred fifty dollar fine possible jail time if convicted of indecent exposure. According to Arkansas law, personally charged with indecent exposure, he knows his conduct is likely to cause a front or alarm. Police took it to the man and took photos of him in the spito for use in court. Can't wait to see those. He was just like, hanging out at Taco Bell. The man was just like, you know, you're a little bit like, you're a little bit like, you're a little bit like, you're a little bit like, you're a little bit like, you're a little bit like, you're a little bit like, you're a little bit like, you're a little bit like, you're a little bit like, you're a little bit like, you're a little bit like, you're a little bit like, you're a little bit like, you're a little bit like, you're a little bit like, you're a little bit like, you're a little bit like, you're a little bit like, you're a little bit like, you're a little bit like, you're a little bit like, you're a little bit like, you're a little bit like, you're a little bit like, you're a little bit like, you're a little bit like, you're a little bit like, you're a little bit like, you're a little bit like, you're like, you're very like this, you're because what you're all like, youras, what you're, your asude, your asude That the subject is being aired so publicly because it was very no-escripted out of the carpets at Francis Finningan, a historian whose pioneering research on the maged the lean laundries in Spiderman, and estimated 30,000 women twirled in nine such A pediatentiaries in the early 19th century until 1996 when the last of the laundries shut down in Dublin. The last woman taken to the facilities entered 15 years before that. Oh my god, says the system began as it means a rehabilitating prostitutes but quickly expanded to become a dumping graph ready woman deemed to have committed a sexual wrong from giving birth out of wedlock to flirting. Wow, and it goes on. Mobile of watch that film several times, just like priest, see the church likes to cover up all of the stuff because it's too embarrassing, especially on a Hills of all of our pedophile crap, which is still kicking dirt on that just like you dug out the backyard to try to cover up his pile. Most got 49, who should be fired at QAM? Out of 146, don't fire nobody 23, the beast 15, Greg reads got 11, Greg's movement headed George. Oh, George's squeeze in his kneecap, he's so excited about that. Well, because if there's any problems there, we know that Greg's got his own on George's move to head again. Oh, 53 don't fire nobody 23, beast 15, George 12, Greg reads 11, mad dog 8, Neil 7, Hank 6, guilty 6, Orlando 5, the big old, for else got 4, Mark Eisenberg's got a pair now, don't get carried away and Joe Costello's only got one, because nobody don't like Joe, nobody, they just don't listen to his show, but they like Joe. Here's Miami on seven, hello. And I know who these, you guys all know, they all fire over there, the guy on midnight, what's his name? Ed, capital, whatever. You think we ought to put Ed capital on there? That guy's terrible, he's terrible, he's the most boring person I've ever heard in my life. He is an ice-cold, but you're right, he is boring and gambling stuff is turmoil based in ice-cold. Oh, screw that, I mean, I've never paid me for God's sake. Okay, we'll put him on or make you happy, see? Nobody gets off on this one. I thought Ed, he came, just such a nice guy, and everybody like him. Huh? He is benign, he's got like a benign tumor in your radio. But let's put Ed capital on there, Eric, because we don't, yeah, I'll buy the house shit he could like special dispensation. He ain't even Catholic for Christ. Why are you all here? We're supposed to be in the 5CC, the 2AM. It's so sorry. Save his rod, move. We don't stock and all the things, it's easy to bring away. We're still sorry. Then is rodmen. But the panties come with snappies to secure your little thing. But... I'm still Jackson, not the 5CC. He said you're very busy, but you're dressing cool with you. He asked if you would buy wearing something under his feet, but your way to call. We don't talk. Every time he talks, you can see his basketball. We're in the 3Tard, we target the 4Tard, and the 2Tard. We're going to try to run. And we'll look great harder, we target the 4Tard, and the 2Tard. And the 2Tard. And the 2Tard. That is happy, why do you sit and throw them out? We love you. We say you can't run. If you want more, we'll go. That is rather like you sit and play for now. We'll run. And we'll go. We'll go. We'll go. We'll go. We'll go. We'll go. We'll go. We'll go. We'll go. We'll go. We'll go. We'll go. We'll go. We'll go. We'll go. We'll go. We'll go. We'll go. We'll go. We'll go. We'll go. We'll go. We'll go. We'll go. We'll go. We'll go. We'll go. We'll go. We'll go. We'll go. We'll go. We're on. Buy golf dogs. Buy golf dogs. Buy golf dogs. Buy golf dogs. Buy golf dogs. Buy golf dogs. Buy golf dogs. Buy golf dogs. Buy golf dogs. K dot for reason talk though onsue already cloud my I asked whoever's answering the phone to just tell George about the concert tonight But I wanted to just say welcome back to you because it's great to have you back and When you deliver flowers to the walking dead all day long It really cheers you up to listen to you and I just wanted to say thank you well. Thanks. We don't have a great weekend Yeah, come to the poor house tonight. See Rudy. Okay live under pants song. See ya. You rock me Bye Be a long trip for me to make it there. Don't you think I think X and B a star rodman arrested for drunkenness Former NBA player Dennis Rodman was arrested today for alleged yesterday for allegedly being drunk in public Police in the LA area C-Sic community of Newport Beach so they received a complaint that a man on a boat dock had been drinking When we got there Mr. Rodman was at the dock next to the restaurant attempting to untie the boats had police spokesman Jim Amoreno Deputy's observant Mr. Rodman fall to the ground Amoreno said the interview to men to terminate was out of the influence of alcohol unable to care for himself or his property The 42-year-old Rodman was taken to a new port beach jail before being released. He told ABC TV and LA had not been drinking while driving the boat I would just walk it in my boat. He said All right See what you remember what I told you little piece of personal advice for everybody out there wants to scumbag always a scumbag Domestika booted now for our last if I would plug this I would plug anything for Scott because he's good people Okay, and because he's doing us a hell of a favor by doing a lead in And also because he gives us that separation from the mole man. Oh, brother separation anxiety How yeah, yeah, how this has changed my life and your life and your connectability shows life believe me because we got No Yeah, oh, what am I high as they say in China? For how will be at Ola Ola Ola Ola Ola I'm the Los Angeles Riverfront six to eight tonight. He'll have some fins to get Steve away probably a bunch of them because you know It's bogus to sell out thing It's it's just mind bogging that we still got such a horse and buggy market that we have to like give tickets away and Give freebies and have people by a bunch of tickets because we can't sell out the cock fights anymore even in the sweet water pretty embarrassing Very on Cooper City rights. I Thought for where I love the beast. It sure sounds like it on the ear He went to for else birthday a bash on the cruise. Hey, he went to the birthday bash because he was free food and he thought he might get lucky I think there were good the host slash producer combo Neil and George good combo Mad dog and his producer good combo It used to be that producer really spoke on here, but I think it's a well-adopted concept Thank you Mary on Cooper City our no program our new programming consultant And we thought it was her about good tour. Thanks Mary. Oh, but what we love your restaurant Mary the Baker see For your father for your father, but that's in so I'm sorry Anyway, if you could get one person fired at WKU me better vote in this fast because once it gets to be about I don't know 11 how much past eleven about 13 man 11 30 will put that second pull up Which I'll talk about after the top of the hour or whenever I feel like it 184 votes More Howard David leading the pack. He's often run in baby. He's in a league of his own 100 or he's got 64 votes Don't fire nobody 29 the beast though 19 George 17 Greg read 12 yours truly I got nine nine Mad dog's got eight I'm really surprised at that aren't you I have Totally never gets any negative it goes to show you how sour the people are there now There's that big hurricane. What is it hurricane Julius or whatever it is in the Atlantic or junior for muter? I say South Carolina is getting wiped out excellent two better to help me had them On Neil mind Mad dog eight yel these got six hang Goldberg six Orlando else Aquarius six For I was got five three for Mark Eisenberg Joe Custell 11 any kid don't have any For that's part of that call before that said he was boring in these terminal of these car or that wasn't it was a it was sponautish vote Remember Hmm give me a son and see I did the right thing but not put in any chaos and he doesn't belong on there everybody likes me Even if they find a show boring they don't want to see him get fired only mean nasty Miseral people who are busy listening to a senior cruise records want to get any K-5 Here's Miami hello Yeah, oh wow, it's the it's the retired guy now doing fake any Is this great or what yeah, I'm looking forward to this today you get too slowly Yeah, yes you I mean you talk to me, but I'm just in the mood for this today if they're every if everybody we talk to him Occasionally don't bother me now. I could pay just the same plus we get tons of calls that way You know I'd be saying what I'm saying I'm here for the money that's it. I'm seeing what you already know I don't give a crap about you in this car, but okay, I know it's fun. We'd be fun in here's a call from Vokah. Hello Voka Oh my god, Voka passed away. I'll be goddamn. Oh This stuff their chance to show their cheeks to the world Here's a call from West Palm Beach, hello Yes, sir, yes, oh Okay, I don't want to iron anybody if I don't if I don't want to hear him I just drank the channel I'm on two segments every day and then move on. That's what I'm talking about here's always like I'm a lot aside my wife and I we've been here for about seven months and I gotta appreciate your show Because it's about the only thing kept me saying here right move back to central Texas Which I'm ashamed to say to 60 miles too close to shrub shrub protect is there But All right, so I'll reveal you last is seven months and you couldn't take it right? Well, good luck you paly see on the internet. All right, bye How do you like that there's another one? Yeah, it came from central Texas with it without a van to one or knee with a highest of hopes and even not not even the south floor You liked the wildest part of sub I mean like Palm Beach County right, but in hand-let They said no way Jose there putting her a crap back in the old A camper in her head and back that's a shot if you'd rather go back that Texas right well That's what he said he's only 60 miles from shrub country, but he's still going back to figure anything better than that Well, what are we gonna do about it? Are we ever gonna change anything? Oh, okay, is he's never gonna? Oh, there any hope well, you know that pull we're taking next Right, I think that might be a start, you know, and it is all those bus loads I talked about the transfer of people Transfering the losers in the old nine people and bringing some living and breathing people who are in a good mood down Oh, that might help Here's the call that says braward hello Hey, how you doing pali pretty good amigo? Yeah listen a lot you know what you know how it on the list, but how about all these sales holes? You got working there that can't even like copy that you know some people do listen Maybe to hear about some of the products that you do coach you know and you know you got old copy and you're not gonna But some of those sales holes need to be far now. I'd wreck see I mentioned Ed and George say no He's a no boy even try a Stacked for but listen I'm not a trend now. We don't want to fire Troy. Tres a good guy. He is a totally incompetent. But he's a good guy He's a tough man. Yeah, he's the token show So listen I'll tell you one thing is a lot better than raw and has a much larger penis And no losing bleeding hemorrhage either you have a plasma TV Not yet Now, yeah listen, I wasn't filled off you Yeah, they got a new football stadium or call Lincoln financial It's a football only because you're gonna implode Veterans stadium after the baseball season over. They're gonna get a baseball ball. But listen they got a 96 Foot plasma TV So pristine the place cost 560 million They say it cost 12 to 15 million this for this plasma screen And we're watching the screen and not the game and they can't did there the people say That they can't take the ride off the screen. I'll be down. Take care, pal. I'll be Oh, and I'm me. I'll see you inspired me I'm gonna fight up from the audience of getting the plasma TV's worth or see he's gone. Yeah, but today he was a good call I've seen him at best by they sure looks seen this guy best by honey It was a giveaway I'd like to get a giveaway plasma TV. I think we need incredible they are I see I don't have room here for plasma TV because already my TVs too big for my room for my living room There's no big enough. You might not just not far enough away on the wall It's mounted. I know some people been mounted on the wall. I clearance or maybe just against the wall Mohara David. I think is gonna win this baby. He's got 70 vote out of 204 Nice going, Moh. You are in a good luck. I said in the leak of your own absolutely most 70 don't fire nobody 34 George 21 the beast 20. You passed the beast Oh Gregory 13 Neil 10 Neil towns To meditate Hank Goldberg seven Orlando else a Gary seven guilty six for alpha mark Eisenberg three Joe Castella one any case got one a little slow a voter form Any case only got one see what we should really be asking here because they're not they're not really voting on who should be fired? They're voting on who don't they like right? See what I'm saying? Because if you're gonna fire somebody there's got to be a reason for it and I'm not I don't they they can all vote for me I don't really care but there has to be some reason like bad ratings or you're not bringing a good enough revenue or all these things Yeah, it has to be some reason for it like a feel like you're a failure Which probably why I'm always leading by so much absolute I would think so But but nevertheless that's okay it gives him a gives him a chance to spew some of their south lord of Venton as the guy says the Venton Here's a call from Hollywood with her loaded with it. Hello. Yeah, sir. How are you pretty good? You guys need to fire the beast Yeah any special reason I got a lottery I can go on on and go ahead and take all the time you want man take couple hours He's oh he's he's better than bad itself. You remind me he's obese No, I know he looks like hang one from the Batman he does not laugh without the talent And plus it's such a home and I know the hurricanes football that's it that's it you're right all he knows is her canzons Her cool and that's it plus he sucks up to the gacky so much it inverses me He's sad he's nothing about sports and you might be the pain when therefore he should be out of there Okay, thanks pal like him a big kiss for us See yeah, you have plenty of target So the beast let's see he's got 20 but you got 21 Right, and that's just you know you're with that is yeah To You only difference being George is very thin skin and takes it personally even though he'll deny it even though he'll deny it Why he keeps saying that because it's true because you still are you take it personal sure whatever your uptight You take all of these guys personal. I mean illegal lady Then a drug dealer and an anti semi know these other things you say right police dry But like the guy yesterday that Ojram per vacancy Yeah, you guys a beauty and guy anything about me, but you got so psychotic of I see and he don't even like you and you still We're not what does that have to do with being who the hell are you like that bitch is right? How are you to be to sign who I'm gonna talk to or not? I did that by college that you're bound I said he had a bad idea. That's all I said He's the one on for many minutes I was it one of the great guy Why do you talk to him and why do you listen to him and he's the chronic and he's a sick person which of course you're right but nevertheless I mean, so what makes him and that different from anybody else? I know cause they show most of nothing Well, there you go if it's in like a rubber glove Okay, the next pool and I will leave this to what by 11 30, or is it you think it's finished? It's a phoenix though. No, whatever. 11 30 times good. No, I think now Well, no, no, what is what is it left to prove? I think that the places are all you are tied with a beast Oh, really? Money votes it'll take a couple minutes for her to change it last chance to vote on his pool who you're gonna get fired on QAM More Howard David star of stage screen and the dolphin broadcasts and Poverdice he's got 77 votes. Don't fire nobody 35 The beast 21 and George 21 ever see the two of them together Kind of easy to tell a part Greg read 15. I got 10 To manage eight YOD7 the Humper Seven the big O's got seven For us got six I Z number three Capital into and little Joe Costello. He's only got one nobody don't like Joe although nobody wants another Joe Am I right about that? What what kind of Joe is no a Thomas look Casey said and guy five or three nobody wants another Joe Joey Zazza, I'll never Joey Zazza You know one time that was enough Why do you say that cuz that was enough that was done. I want to retract what I said yesterday and spite of the flaws that we talked about the movie was very in and headed Subtramen as well. Okay, great even even so fear even she was was comically good. Number two is so bad that she was camp comically. Don't spend it all in one place when she gave the check for $100 million to the Catholic charities. Don't spend it all in one place. How about saving a little bit of it for a noose job sweetheart? Why do you wear shoes? Welcome to Who wants to be California's next governor, I'm your host, Regis, and here are today's contestants. Superstar of the Silver Screen, Arnold Schwarzenegger. Superstar Child Eta, Gary Colman. And finally Superstar of the porn industry, Larry Flynn. Welcome to You All. Now, let's play Who wants to be California's next governor? Here's your first question, hands on those buses, and good luck. Question number one, what's his capital of California? Arnold thought would be cold and hay again. Oh sorry. Larry, then only is it the capital of California, but it's the porn capital of the world. What's the answer? Oh, hi, no. Gary. How should I know, fool? Well, you buzz in. What you talking about Regis? Well, let's move on to Question 2. Dylan, spell, California. Gary. What? Well, you buzzed in again. Huh? I just went to my probation opportunity yesterday, and I'm clean. I ain't buzzing on nothing. Arnold, T-E-R-M-I-N-A-T-O-R. You just stand terminator. Correct. And it's now playing at a theatre near you. Where are you? C-A-L-D-I-F-O-R-N-I. You're almost home. C-A-T-D. Well, I, you just spelled California. I'm like a governor. That's what we're changing the name too. Well, alright, Chris, number three. Hands on the busers, and good luck. According to the bus recently adopted California text code, what is the maximum amount of non-reported income that can be itemized on a Dendom phone 17D without incurring a penalty? Arnold, breed. I would like to use my phone a friend and call my wife Maria. I'm sorry, Arnold. You have no more phone a friend's left. B-M-A-M-A. You see, she handles the checkbook. Right. Taxes. Who pays taxes? If I'm elected, nobody should have the pay. Damn die! I'm free. Gary. Now, we just haven't worked as a security guard over at the Fresno Mall since 84. And this dude might create, when he's got to be paying me on the table. You know, but I promise if I'm elected governor, I'm making up money to know what the hell you're talking about. Ha ha, Coleman's getting paid under the table. Carful, you don't bump your head down there. Ha ha, now I know you just didn't make a joke about me being a short. What are you going to do about a little man? At least I don't sound like someone Australian kangaroo. I'm from Austria, you moronic midget. You know, if I wasn't so damn busy, proof-free in the September issue of us, but amazing, I did out of this wheelchair and said you're B-Fa! What you're talking about, Larry Smith? I would like to take both of you and twist you into school. Oh, no, get some of that shit. I will not take you to the office. I'm not going to be in the bus. How, what do you know? It looks like we're out of time. He should have joined us again for another exciting episode of Who wants to be the Governor of California? I'm Registrate, Ragnet, Orangeville, and Greenville, and Greenville, and Greenville. Lebanon, 4 or 5, 60, WQM, and happy Friday too. We've got the man dog at 2. The Humphority, Crystal Palacid, and Bahamas, and other brutal assignments. And if you think it's tough to show from the Bahamas, 4 to 6, 30, he's got the A of Lonstacks, you'll want to take from 5 to 6. So the Humphorage got a tough hour and a half assignment today. Marlins have that 6, 30, and a Marlins and the Expo's in San Juan Puerto Rico 705. Eddie Kifallos and baseball game ESPN made you overnight. That's our schedule. Here on QAM, you're highly touted and highly rated and we don't know why. Rick, facts as me and says. Stay away from Plasma TV's. There's a fire hazard. The Plasma heats up on the wall and creates this hazard. Sorry, I ball once is Rick. How do you like that? Not exactly what you call a real testimonial. No. You believe that? I'm sure. But if he says so, he knows his crappy Zendee. Why would he lie? He said the experience. Well, he wouldn't lie. Thanks, Rick. I guess although maybe if it heats up, I'll kill the rats in the walls. I'm a little bit concerned about that because the people of crispy critters came again down there the other day and they found three more dead rats in the, in the attic. So that's a total of eight. Eight. Eight crispy critters in the trance. Eight. And they're coming today to like seal off all of the entry points and exit points and in and out. All of that stuff. But in the meantime, it's not a very advertising thing. Of course you're used to what you got all kinds of rats in the shed. Yeah. That would be a good thing. That would be a good thing. Yeah. That you know about. No, you'd hear them like you like your experience there. Like I said, like I said, if they're in the walls, you'd hear them rassling around and you'd get really nervous and aggravated about that. And you start, you know, hallucinating all sorts of possibilities. And any attic, no, no, not like you're doing. See, that's just no. What they all they was? Last Sunday. Sunday night Monday morning, I wake up at 6.30 more. It sounded like there was a herd of elephants in my attic. It's now they weren't doing that. I thought we were alert. Yeah. Twipe the noisy. The Michael Jackson's house. Singing Ben. Even though I'm 39 votes on the first pool, finito. Okay, we're going to put the second one up there. Now should have something to get a sink your teeth into. It's up there. No, I know that. Would you have a better vote? I got one to add. Okay, just calm down. We have no ball of it today. We've got a full four hours. And this is a toughy, too, because you only have one. Let me say that again very clearly. We'll clearly. You only have one choice. If you could boot one person out of south Florida, who would it be? Four votes there. Just went up on the thing. We've only got five choices because it'll give you chance to add to it. Which I'm sure you'll be delighted to. OJ's got a pair and Colter's got one. Mohara David at one. Missed drugs don't have any and Jose Concecut. I don't have any yet, but they will. I'll get in the pack to the first pool 239 votes. If you could get one person fired at WQM, who would it be? Oh, I forgot I got a place fired by the Mohara David band. Oh, David singers. Yeah, the Mohara David and singers. You know what I'm talking about? Absolutely. Mohara David at Winds this pool hands down his pants to pick out Dingo Buries 84. 35% said fire his smelly old ass. And the rest of one baby. I think maybe he could get himself a new career as a pizza delivery man. Because he showed that a big bomb. Don't fire nobody 36. George 25 edges out to beast to add 22. Aren't you a little embarrassed about that? No. No, actually not really because your the beast is only on like doing updates and doing. Not that I thought doing a lot of June I'll cry. They're recognition thing. Right. Greg Reed 16. Neil 10. That's an ice even number. Neil's a perfect 10. And the asshole list I guess. Jim managed nine Orlando Elzagiri the big. Oh, god of nine. Henry Goldberg's got eight for the Humper. Yeldy seven for else got six. Mark Eisenberg for they once they got started with him. They started getting a little carried away. Ed Kaplan's got two and good old Joe Costello. I guess is the most popular guy in a radio station. Which is odd because he's on two to five in a morning or maybe just that nobody knows who Joe is. Who? Joe Mama. Joe Costello only one. And it's the most popular although nobody wants to hear his show. They're just if he was on like in the afternoon or like in a morning when Moes on you'd be amazed. It is number. I don't think so. He has that motor sports thing on Saturday morning. Is that still on? Let's check and look at that. Look at that. They moved Joe up to prime time. Now he's eight to nine a.m. He used to be on like in the wee hours like Moe when they were trying to shovel him off. And now we got the golf show. Would Mark would in Tim Rose the fourth. You have no idea who they are seven to wait and motorsport Saturday. Would Joe Costello and eight Joe Rose if he mick a suckies at nine. How do you like that? And Joe promises me because we got the big dolphin home opener coming up on Sunday. Home up. Then his whole show tomorrow morning he's going to be talking about our from Boca. Which I can't wait for that. I might actually come in here and take a listen or two. That thing with a phone ring and before that was that was sweet. That was just a beautiful thing. Okay. If you can just one person, what we got to add would get the list going. Seventeen votes. OJ's got five. That's why voted for was a tough choice. Because I'd like to get all five of these people out of that town. We'd prove things dramatically. And colder for Moe Howard David and four. Mr.udge's got a pair. And was they can suck those got one. Did they ever change the name of that street or not? I don't think I believe you. I don't know. They talked about it. Well Scott would now. Scott you knew there. That's a quick idea. That probation charge violation. No, that wasn't what I asked though. I know that. See if you're going to tell me things like today is Friday. It's not it's not really contributed to a very large way. But you know, I know that. My apologies. No, don't apologize. Don't be a pussy. Okay. You can do that on Moe show. But don't be a pussy on the show. Stand up for your rights. And you'll be gone next week. But, uh, seriously, they were still going to change it because they just decided he said to scumbag. I mean, guilty of innocent. They don't care. They just are embarrassed. I mean, they're much. A street with his name on it. There would be like having a Joe Girston way. In the only case you noticed, we don't have an embarrassment factor down here. Or yeah, like on Miami Beach, Arthur Godfrey is right. I mean, I still can't figure that out. It's hard time. We can't really have an avenue. You know and that one block over. What is wrong? There must be the O.H.S.C. To mother must be seen on that. I must be a the H.C. One of the most virulent anti-Semite to ever set foot anywhere in a state of Florida, God for you and on the beach where they got the air least in those days had nothing but Jews old Jews and they named a street after them They probably they probably get gas at the hiss gas station Here's for a lot of deal hello. Yes, sir. Yes, sir Three times I have a suggestion for you pal, okay? Oh, and I turn it up to hear himself on here. Don't listen no mo. Okay They either have to get worried about this show with you and mo. Yeah, most big with a dark crowd 560 560 pound 560. See that was in the last hour catch up with the times okay pal First of all, don't be talking like that and don't name your kids and for me. We'll be a good idea Here's Palm City hello Palm City Long gone how about Western hello Western You haven't another phone fart there or something? Yes, I am someone else that shares your wonderful plague of rats in the attic Yeah, and I must say that all the companies that keep coming out there Because company I chose chose me about five hundred dollars All right, stuff to that place out and those rats just do not want to leave and I don't want to give any bad news But you have to keep doing it what happened once it came out of a four months and dusted me about eight times and Eventually it was the air freshener that smelled like roses that they put in in the afterward I'll be in a bag maybe you the crow maybe worrying from already was hanging around it. I can smell that talcum Was that helping you coming out the give it these flyers that he's cartoon little That and he put these big bright eyes on you to scare the hell out of you and Eventually once they see it what up you can have to go back up there about a month later to pick out the dead bodies Are you serious? Yeah, well, how that was that possible if they see what up where the hell are they gonna come in from? They're not really all weaving They might think that they're weaving or they trapped them all, but they're so many I had it two certain in the morning I was here packed for rats running into the house And running across my bedroom ceiling Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Hacker rats three months Huh, so the what the hell? I was like a week ago Saturday when I was down there woke up in the middle of the morning three in the morning I heard a voice going in my attic You're the digging yet the little scratching oh, yeah, yeah, that was last year I heard that yeah That's all right You have to cut the trees all the trees around the house when it climb up and then it go into the roof and it They use the closet Just get rid into the attic and people look at you like you're the most built-in person when you've been Racking your attic. Oh, yeah, you say that all my guy you must be some kind of a slob you got at a rats in your house Yeah, they look at you like three eyes or something in it You didn't use a crispy critters. I mean the brown what do they call themselves critter control? No, I Or can want it to come out and they wanted to have like a whole six months thing We're they're gonna come out every other day and charge you like 50 bucks per time to date traps and trap them and come back out and show you what they call Right, that's what that's what critter control does they come in they put peanut butter on the traps And then every couple of days they come out and then they tell you oh, we got three today five yesterday And they charge you preach when they catch My place does it with his justice supposed to make him thirsty and look like a winter wonderland of my attic It code everything up there and it really are me It's been really scenic your Christmas time. Oh, yeah, okay, pal. Well, good. You got rid of him finally I know we got rid of him once you sealed them up. You're gonna have to I mean I went up there to check up there and that's when I found the The king of them all all right. I called them um do work brittle Have a great lunch pal. I 11 14 at five 60 sounds really promising doesn't it? Oh, yeah Well, I thought a soft Florida thing this rats all over the place. So he's never actually when I was in the back bay and Boston at early 60s I told you this we still have rats as big as cats in the alleys at night sure and They would hang out in the garbage buckets, you know, and and we would be walking in the home from wherever and Kick the garbage pills just taste so they went and they were how like a wolf Not like our cat, but like a wolf. Yeah, I like this like that 14 past 11 at five 60 WQAM announcing a 2003 Neil Rogers into summer clearance sale going on this moment and Halipoddy at EMC get the lowest prices in town from our good buddies time living in your creator and all the other good folks So whatever it held for this special promotion every vehicle on a lot has been marked out of the absolute lowest rock bottom price Plus get yourself zero percent financing for 60 months on every single 2003 potty act or GMC in stock by a 2003 potty act sunfire you can get it for only 11,000 nine-ideat hell right now Forget a full-size ear for as low as 15,000 nine-ideat, but you better hurry your ass in there right now because inventories are mighty limited And how it you can still test drive any vehicle on a lot for 24 hours take it home take the race track Take it to work take the massage parlor where but it had you like and of course How it's also got an unbeatable selection of dependable certified pre-owned cars trucks and SUVs credit a problem for you It's not a problem in hell if because some way somehow they'll work out a deal for it even if a George has to pay your payments Halipoddy at GMC 134 a one-south, Dixie Highway that's US one across from the falls open every day Seven days a week if you want more info on these Neil deals They got a special hotline you can call an ask away one triple eight five three four forty two eleven That's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven don't forget all Neil deals Subject credit approval see the folks in how it fortitails Halipoddy at GMC when you go to the first time you'll agree with me. They really are professional great We're sports video five 60 series Immacon. Ah, this is Joe ball on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God Assault you've got where I think of such hills that damage Because he wouldn't take a shower with ankle Continues in such a He's just like Hitler and A. LeBron. What's that? He's pounding on. Rajsh Mommy Night Hanalar We take care as well to save his property by the way. Excellent choice by one of our factions this morning. How could I have forgotten Wayne Hypinga? We got him on there right away. Wayne Hypinga, get him on there. Shut up. Here's another one that says, please put gay featler. Must have been a typo, I don't you think? No. Gay. Jay featler run a polano mole, be upset. But Jay has got to go, says Diane from Fort Lauderdale Beach, and she's just Diane over there. Thanks Diane. And we'll get back to you. Diane. So let's get him on her J. F. Lersey will build his list even on a phone all look too promising. See this shows you that there's nobody around. Remember yesterday that the gymnastics I had a good one. Once we got going we finally got a lot of suggestions. But that's generally because there's nobody there. The nice ring routine you did though. What do you mean by that? Gymnastics. Yeah, but when I was like on a rings there you noticed there was no package to check out. I forgot my kill boss. You got your. I got my. I got my. I was stuck in my colon. Let's see. Oh, here's a good one. Big Arnie. Cran. This is a good choice. I don't know how we're going to spell this. Well, I think I'll know who it is. I guess. What? Mirror squeezy ass. I know how to spell it. I spelled it in fact. Did you really? Sure. Oh, spelled it out of the sounds. I wrote it down like Roger Mirris. Mirror squeezy ass. I think. Listen, please. Poor Roger Mirris man. Here was a guy. Was he a ball player or what? And look, oh, good looking guy too. But he was in a shadow Mickey mantle. And the fans gave a bunch of crap and he played in New York. Of course, with our obnoxious Roger Mirris for present. Even always did. Be a bigger improvement over what we got now. Anyway, Arnie says it would be Mirris Gracious. I can't even spell her name. That's okay, Arnie. I can't either. It's the one in the alien thing. The one that had the illegal duty parlor in her house that nobody talked about. And I'm going to murder the 10 year old guy. Thanks very much, Big Arnie. Excellent choice. So you look at this thing. Built. It'll be good. It's all good. Now let me give those promos again. A little kills him good time because we got all the way to a time. Oh, you can't put that yet. Why about why not? Because I'm getting ready to fact you're not date. On one. Man hits. On one. On the. On the on the on the van hits. Miguel just had to be a new updated child. He just relax seriously. You need to calm down. I know you're a little less. Rest and you went through that thing with that unwanted baby. And everything. And you went through the you survived the mode trying to get your fire business, but you got a little later people are always in that I'm hyper where I get to a sudden this terrible about things that you are. I'm what you're hyper about me being hyper on nothing hyper. I'm not the least the hyper do I sound hyper. I'm going to a coma just from the sound of your terminal voice. Well, seriously, you need to calm down. I don't know what you're talking about. Scott, does he sound calm to you? Yes. Oh, man. Yes. Oh, man. Oh, so you got naked pictures of this guy too. Who does that? Wow. It worked. It worked on venerable. No, no, he I guess he was helping vener with some supplies. Five. Five six seven. Oh, five 60. Town five 60 on the AT and T in Verizon. Wireless line. Oh, God. Sometimes this job blows. Anyway, for well, we don't have to change his promo. Do we? No, no, good. Forl will be at Olae Olae on Lasso, this river, front six to wait tonight. Get away, dolphin tickets and have it. You know, getting a class student just having a gay grade old time. I'm sure 34 C will be there. Maybe Scott, you're just going to be there. And I do you hang out with him like when he goes on these things? No, I'm going home to the New York area. You mean Jersey? Yes. Why are you so evasive? I mean, I'd be embarrassed to be from Jersey too. I mean, I'm from Rochester and that's nothing to crow about. But Jersey, I'd be embarrassed. But you don't have to be, you know, you're among friends and George. If you say so. Oh, man, this guy, I guess they don't like this job. Does he? Okay, let's see. Let me see. Take a walk. Take away. What is it? It's still there. Jose can't take away. Thanks for the information Scott and I shut up. Thank you. Let's see, best in the L 3 to 5 this afternoon, you get the CD and I'm sure how I David Keachane and what else we got left over for a band and per rescue. Miguel will be at the coconut creed seminal casino, 5550 Northwest 40th Street just off San Francisco Road, west of the turn by Anne. Anne. Because Miguel is a hard work in man and spite of the fact that he feels drained from his daily durian experience. Do you think his new bride knows about that? Join QM tonight that the Hudders and Bayside 7 and 9 PM stop into when President Joy of Bucket of 5 for 8.50. What does that mean? What does that mean? T. Are you reading this? Nope. No, obviously you didn't and just fasted to me. I want to read it to where it's written. Join QM tonight at the Hudders and Bayside 7 and 9 PM. Stop and stop by to win prizes and enjoy a bucket of 5 for 8.50 President Day beer. There you go. What? What does that mean? Bucket of 5. For 8.50, President. What is it? It's a non-secretor. What does that mean? Bucket of 5. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. So he gave you an update on the event. What we got or not? Nope. Oh man. Just another useless spik. Here's a class from Bill and Ford Latterdale who still hates George like, but I don't see him put that image time. Oh brother, Johnny Depp is a back peddling pussy, right? Oh god. You know what Bill isn't asshole, you know it? He said Johnny Depp is God and he's got the balls and he's a good guy. Got the balls to, you know, tell it like it is about Bush and about what's wrong with America. Those are the people who are the true patriots, the people who want to point out the problems and to say, we got to fix these things as opposed to the blind idiotic flag waving idiots, the liemings, the sheep, the morons. But anyway Bill says, Plasma screens are only for those who have more money than they have since. They have a very short shelf life. Some is a little less three or four years after which they burn out, reggling the set completely useless. If you don't mind, Chuck, Sheldon, 10 to 30 grand every few years dead, they're quality of picture, then go right ahead. Be my guest. As far as I'm concerned, the high end HD sets are quite suitable for just about any broadcasts of the last many years. Thanks Bill and Fort Lauderdale, like I always said it good common sense. Well, so his, you know, he's a little off on Johnny Depp. Plus even the Johnny wasn't talking politics, he still was pretty good to me. 26 past 11 at 560 WQAMVIP Sportsbook.com is South Florida's best sportsbook. Anybody, anyone with a brain knows that? Now you can listen to some of the little quizlings we have on the year. They're all, and this is the best sportsbook. But they're really great. If you want to get yourself involved with a real outfit, then knows what they're doing, that you can trust. This is the place you want to hook up with. 99% of those other bookies here about an estate and are located in the jungles of Costa Rica. If you ever see them again, it might be a miracle. So this year, move yourself up in class to VIPsforcebook.com and prepare to plunge in peace. The oldest and the biggest sportsbook in the Netherlands. So that speaks for itself 100% legal and licensed. So listen to me and call VIPsforcebook.com right now at 1-86-VIP Betts because this soft thought is best sportsbook. Sign up right now and you can bet all the soft thought of football and basketball teams juice free on your long. You want to bet on the dolphins, it's 100-100. You want to bet their hurricanes, it's 100-100. So forget about the vigorous. All signups get a 20% cash bonus, not some funny money match play bonus. And by the way, the people at VIPsforcebook.com. Email me yesterday, you said, by the way, why don't remind you that Gary Sarner is a major asshole. VIPsforcebook.com. That's where you'll find them online or call them toll free. 1-86-VIP Betts. That phone number again, it's 1-86-VIP Betts. Be sure much you haven't heard about it here on QAM. VIPsforcebook.com or you'll be the VIP. 1-86-VIP Betts. Go home and read the song on the phone. Any or easy, I don't want to go back. I like shopping for free toys, bad girl. You've got your Pokemon, teacher. Enter making us hear. You've had your fun, not some attack. So they can get you out of here. It's at the point where we can't stand it. Everybody's out of no. I've all the rules and crackers. Who puts them done this long enough? Put them loose. Hey, hey, hey, they're young and stylish. Why don't you go home? Yeah, they're young and stylish. Go home and leave us alone. Ready or easy, look. They're giving away free SNH green cards. Can I have one? Come on, let's go. All day to take your ticket back to two, but it's the plane. Shut up, kid. 11.32.5.60. That was a really amazing. That was such a good micro espasm, you know? What's our photos all about in the way, Dave County is held hostage by a bunch of old who else is really astonishing. Just making crap up as they went along. Freeing washing. Remember that video tape that they had to make? Oh yeah, it wasn't staged though. No, no, thank God for that. Merris, we see her. She wasn't prompting her anything. She was not the way. No, no, no, no, no, no. She's not the way. 119 votes on our second poll. This is the main poll of the day, the big poll. If you could boot one person out of South Florida who would it be. OJ Simpson 48, they hate you, OJ. And the deservedly so. Who did you vote for? Uh, Mohour David did. Oh, just because he tried to get you fired in his image or asshole. And everybody hits him like poison. Yes, good reasons. OJ 48. Well, but at least he didn't kill anybody yet. Mohour David 20. But we did. OJ 48 and quarter 26. She kills me. Mohour David 20. OJ Consocco 12. Mr. Hedge 4. Alice Penelas 3. I don't even know we put him on your yet. Can we put him on your? Was that just a, I don't know. I was trying to say it, but that I forgot. So that's good. That was an oversight. There was a slip of the tongue. Merris greasy as to. Wayne high ping this guy won and G. Fiel is got one. I don't want to kick J. I mean, just it wouldn't it be enough just to kick him off the team would end up. No one get more two upset. They really he really has the hots for J. Fieler. You know, but when you get to be in your 90s, your eyes starts, your eyes start to fading a little bit. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pond let's add a whole bunch of names for this list here. This is the weekend pool here. Let's go. Let's get with it. Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, me. I have two suggestions for the certificate. Only one name. One, please. Oh, then I guess river in Kennedy. Okay. Excellent choice. Reverend James Kennedy. I need to change my vote. Yeah. Me too. I think all overall he does more damage than the other person I was thinking of. Okay. Well, thanks a lot. We don't have a great weekend. Bye bye. The umptious Reverend James Kennedy of the Coral Ridge Presbyterian Church, one of the virulent, uh, bigot by, uh, eight Congress and South Florida. Piece of crap. A professional anti-Semite a professional homophobic professional asshole, the Reverend James D. Kennedy. With his Crow Ridge Ministry, seen from all around the world by a satellite. As he continues spewing a bunch of kaka and making a lot of tax rebukes. By the way, your organism is a fag Reverend Kennedy. Everybody knows it. Your uh, organ, the guy to place the organ. Hey, that ain't the only organ he's swinging with. You idiot. 54 votes for OJ and colder 27. More Howard David of 22 OJ con suckle. So I might just give these. Why you doing that again, George? Here's sorry. It is a call. Scott Miami, hello. Neil Rogers, hockey god. Yes. Could we please put Jeff Remer on this list? No, but if you put it about a South Florida, he might be here a lot more. Well, but it would help the local economy and my mute button could get a rest. Okay, Jeff Remer, he's on there. Thank you sir. Thanks, Pali. By the way, Jonas Holman's a stiff. All you other pants are people. I'm a pantser. People, you think we got this season. But third man at the most. What they're doing and Rick Dudley's saying a couple of months ago. Oh, we got money to spend and we got to pick up some great free agents. And we're going to really get some good veterans out of the state. Right. Todd Gill and Jonas Holman. Todd used to be good about 100 years ago. Even George knows that. Hmm. You know what Todd Gill had in common? With Troy Stratford? No. They both were 23. 23. What? Good Tars. Oh, man. Get them on. I give up. I'm gagging on a blackberry seed. Hmm. Now blackberries have seeds there. Really, really tiny. Thank goodness. Right. Really teeny tiny ones. They're good. I could go for some. I like blackberries. I just picked one off the fridge during last break. Just a little blackberry. And pop it in my pussy. And I'm gagging on the seeds. Maybe that's because I just mentioned Rimmer. It's one of the other. Don't call me Rimmer okay. I'm busy. Whatever whatever you're doing, whatever time you want to go to dinner. I'm busy. I can't do it. No eating. I'm fasting for a few days. Whatever day you're leaving. That's when I have my next meal. Here's Helen Dale. Hello. Yes sir. Thank you. I don't know if you found the free game show outside for the football game. I can watch no football game last night. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. So the 180C was a pretty spears and ever since the performing. No. Okay. Well, Britney Spears was performing right? It's the third time. Oh, she's performing. Or else sex on al-micles? Yeah, he wishes. Yeah. Well, she's there's you know, dancing. I'm going to stay in the singing and she has like a choreographed dance. Dancing all around her. And then at one point, the dance was came up. She's going to, like, pair away pants and they like ripped the pants off of her. Yeah. Right. And then she's going to do the rap. But the thing was, is that, like, ripped the pants off. Yeah. They almost ripped the shorts off. They almost like her camel soul. And as an old man, they said, I thought, we're going to have a ball. We're going to have a ball. Oh, no. Oh, my god. Sure, people, man. I'm sorry in this. That's your crowd. You missed one. Whatever. It was yelling about it. Oh, Misty, perform a band. You mean you weren't watching a pregame show. You're a musted tune in like just in time for kickoff. To watch the Jens lose a girls team. Well, who now? Who did they play last night? By the way, Scott is test of already playing his edit because the other kids injured. Test of already playing the play Washington. I know they played Washington. They lost 16 to 13. What? Listen, here we go. What had crap again? Was that my god just heard? No. Ha ha ha ha. Oh. 21 till noon at five, 60, WC, we got the mad dog. We got a big weekend. We got the gators going to get lumped by the hurricanes. I mean, that's a given. Just, I wonder what the spread is on that game. Anybody got any idea? It's in that place. They ought to have an idea. I don't know. I mean, that's so content. The gators sucked. There were kinds of got like a professional team, even though they warm up against Girls teams. It went by at least three touchdowns at least minimum. And then we got the big, good, dolphin game against the Girls team. The Houston Texans. Who's the quarterback for Houston? It looks pretty good. What's that kids name? The Dan? Huh? Stuart. The End Stuart. How's Dan doing, by the way? Oh, we're fine. My life. And local. This is for trail by city. Where are you, A.M.? Got those checkered pants. What's the correct way to do the whole? That's power. Oh, nice thing. Oh, God. The kids, they don't know what's good. Like that song, I'm happy I live in a split level head. You remember that? Oh, can you listen? I'm happy I live in a split level head. I'm happy I live in a split level head. You remember that? No. Why am I surrounded by morons? Come on, how is it? You go be how he. There are nothing to put in his room. I'm out. You're so fat, old. Okay, that's it. You're all fine. You've been stupid to move. You listen, A. You're fine. Tell me that goes for you too. You're who I am. I'm the king of paradise. Ha ha ha ha ha. I came down here after losing my charm. Of a two-lea big fish. In a little pot. No. When they kicked me off the earth, and they told me, don't come back again. I had some problems with wise guys who would buy some old two-thousand ice. Sure. You. To hand. Fire. That's back there, ladies, over we night. I was fucking your old fire. I hope that kids goes one day. I hope you die. I hope you die. I hope you all die. I'm a big fish in a little plump. See you. A big fish in a little plump. Did I bring you a chicken bag? I'm a big fish in a little plump. I'm a big fish in a little plump. Yeah. I don't want anybody to hurt me. 16-tones five, 60. WQM. Of course we get the overt senses. You knew that was just a matter of time. Some of the facts that in. How could we forget? I didn't forget. I just want to give everybody a handicraft because he's probably going to pass him all like they're sitting still. And of course, Maryam, all the fan. How could we forget, Maryam? We're trying to outside out of Murray. Boy, you talk about forcing yourself into a situation. Everybody wants her out, and she continues forcing her something. I'm not going to get rid of me. Now, when I'm this dark, it reminds me of somebody else. Yeah. Howard from Boca? Absolutely. David Baxes. David Baxes. David must be already gotten. Early started in a weekend. Must be doing heavy drugs because he says, thanks for your continual pulls. Even though it's meaningless, it's nice to be able to push your button. And in theory, kick Alex's penis out of Miami. He says, you missed the opportunity to put Mo on this one too. David? Looks to me like Mo is in third place at the Mo Mo 26. Both. I could be just hallucinating and imagining that. Now, Quincy in Miami, who lives in sunrise. He's in Miami being held captive. I'm sure because who that we wouldn't be there wrong. And, Terrible, if he lives in sunrise, Quincy says, just this one time, Mo will not win a pull. Well, guess what? Quincy, you are absolutely correct. So, is that really think I have you win a ride here? Miriam, Mary Ann Elephant, for whatever name is. P.S. Mo's still blows. No Mo Elephant, please go to California and see Arnold and says, That's an idealist chip in. I'll pay for the whole airfare in coach. 560560, pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. If you could boot one person out of South Florida, who would it be? And so far, OJ is winning hands down your pantaloonies, man. 70 votes. Nobody's even close. Here's a call in Miami, hello. Yeah, please. Uh-huh. Night, what? I'm just groaning. Why? Why do you take the, when you stop? What's what I'm telling? What's the time? What are you telling? Why do you do that? What do I groan? As soon as I punched up line nine, I knew it was him. So what are you getting so bent on a shape? I'm not a shape. I'm just groaning. And I'm just excited. I'm not asking Scott no more questions either. Okay. Well, no, he doesn't want to talk. Which is fine. That's a breath of fresh air. That's pleasant. He doesn't want to be on the air. We have some people around here like the beast. I want to talk too much who had nothing who are like an impediment to the success of the program that they're interfering with at the moment. And we got other people who want to be like major celebrities like the one you picked up off the floor that day. Who wanted to be a make the website into like all a beater boy all day long. You know, you're right. Here's beater boy. But for real, here he is on a cruise ship. Here he is. Tukin is guts out. Here he is at the baseball game. Here he is with some slot. Yeah. But we got a guy now who has who wants to say nothing. I was going to say who has nothing to say. Which is a possibility. But he wants to say nothing. And he seems like, you know, a guy. Yeah, he's got the job. He just wants a paycheck. Which we can all relate to that. Anything we have. If we have if we have something with sports related that I'll have. We'll have to be for it. Him since you know nothing. Anyway. But if we had anything else, we'll just leave him like him sit there and. And stew. 567. 560. 560. 560. 560 on the AT and T. And Verizon Wireless line. You think we'd have a lot more names on this just like yesterday. You would have thought. And then they finally got into it after about 20 or 30. Mentiones. They finally understand what it's all about. They're just a little flow. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hollywood. Is gone. Nice talk to you Hollywood. That's your town. Here's Key West. Hello. Yes, sir. Meal. Yes. Gloria and Amelia are different. Oh, I like it. Let's pick her because he's a little bit. He did have a full with them every week. They will win and down. Okay. 5. Ask the key milled. 560. 660. 560 on the AT and T of Verizon line Monday. George is going to be on plane. Luis Miguel records all day. That's just a joke. If I say that, they'll take it. Sorry. Take it. You know. But that green of the wind. I will need to do it anyway. I don't know. I can't believe we're not getting any more calls about the rats. Can you imagine how many people in the audience have had rat problems? I like to know if anybody else has ever used crispy critter control. I mean, they're critter control. Because how he's been in a lot of money and he's used to me. Like, what? I use somebody else and don't spend a lot of money. Well, that's what I was going to do. But somebody in my house had to want to go pick an anybody. But somebody misunderstood my message and he called crispy critter control as opposed to calling our good friends at ATM alternative term management. Then the Steven, those people are so good. Right. But after my people, another short period of time. And if this problem doesn't come to a quick halt, then it'll be the old ATM. Well, buddy, but you're telling me that you got rats in your shed. Had any of them? Sure. And it was ATM that done it? Yeah. Well, I'll be damned. Because this crispy critter crowd, see, I don't know. But when somebody called me about them the first time, it was like, never back in April was the first time I heard her rat andong and scratching and we had these people come out and they found nothing. Right. But if they sound like they're like, like, like, proud animal could you know what I mean? Like an official county agency and they're not. They're just another business when they first started coming over to the house for other things. They asked us what our past problems were. And we mentioned it almost in passing. Well, rats sure like our shed. We just can't keep them out of there. We put traps. We put poison in there. And they took care of it. They said it's an ongoing meeting. I mean, these people came and asked me who my past were. I mentioned, remember, and I still can't get rid of it. Christ. I think they're the special. I mean, what is that all about? I'm an inch today. I'm thousands of miles away. Here come the rivers. I'm in Toronto. How many times have you been up here since the last few years? I've been doing the shows here. I'm third man. Oh, here. It's river. It's river. Go away. Okay. Don't take it personal unless you want to. We just go away. I'm going to tell Ken Halpern about you. God. Here's Miami Beach, hello. Yeah. Hi. Yes, sir. First of all, good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good morning. Good morning. Shortes. Yeah. Arnold Schwarzenegger. Yeah. No. No. I'm not sure. Get on here. You idiot. If you could boot one person out of Sapphola, who would it be? He says the shorts is. But you can't even know what they're like saying. It's either Jews or Dark folks he's talking about or maybe Dark folks name Schwarzenegger. But that's got Laura really offended about it. Yeah. Even Scott Jr. They're into happy about it. And he isn't even what the guy's talking about. But he hasn't even here. What does that mean? He had to go to New York. I'm sorry. Jersey. The New York area. Oh, he's already gone. So that's why Miguel is there. I thought Miguel was just filling the Moscow was taking a big dump or something. I didn't know what else going on. And here I'm talking about Miguel getting bone and de-reen every day. And he's sitting right there. Well, that's good. That's good. Maybe we'll get him off the hook for all time, sick. Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yeah. How's it going, Neil? Pretty good, pal. Yeah. It's put on the game, Dad. That you're looking for. It's 14. 14. I'll piece of cake. Yeah. I'll get mad off. Five, six, seven. I'm not even going to dignify that with a response. Okay. I remember that show that he said that. Palm five, sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. I'm playing music today. And I'm playing a cruise. No, I really am. I'm shooting at cruising. I'm dead now. It's just a deal. I don't know. I don't know. This whole week. She expects too much. Too much. Come back after a wonderful, pleasant summer. Not getting sick one day. Not having the answer to them. Crow it. That's up. Workin' only Tuesday and Thursday. Come back to the full-time deal. I'm down there for a week. I'm playing with rats. And I come up here. And it's the weather is beautiful. And I'm happy as a pig and slap. And, you know, you open up the the Hershey Highway via the airwaves to soft floor. And it's like, you know, they're just keeping their unhappiness at everybody. Don't heap it at us. Don't be our fault. Not my responsibility or this, you're, It's fact not only that, but look at it this way. If it wasn't for this show, can you imagine these people probably blow their brains out already? Like the one guy said, the guy that's going back to Texas with a banjo on his ass. He said, he's right. This was the only connection to reality in amusement. He ever had a body was in South Florida. Here's a call from Boca, hello. Anyhow, how you doing? Pretty good. I had that all rat problem myself. Yeah. I cut every tree around the house away from the house. Uh-huh. But care of the problem. Haven't seen a rat since. So, another word, but they don't stay, what do they do? Like, in the base of the trees, they nest or something? They nest all over the trees. They come through and then they climb up onto your roof and things like that through the trees. So any of them. You can tell me if I cut the tree the way from the house, they wouldn't come near the house anymore. And I haven't seen one since. Excellent, the amount. Thanks, pal. Well, I got, I got one for your whole thing. Go ahead. How about Rick Shaw? Guys, 180 years old, it's got the same hat on, he's had on for 30 years. It's enough to him. Okay, thanks, pal. Sorry. Poor Rich Shaw. He's got him sure he's listening right now. I think we love you, Rick, but go away. That's what the guy's basically saying. You've been here too long. Oh, here's an answer from my rat problem on two. It's in Miramar. Hello. Hey, Mr. Rogers. I got you. Yes, sir. I got you. I got you. Yes, sir. I got you. Yeah, the next time that you get ready to go back to Toronto when you're down here. Go out and get 10 gallons of ammonia. Yeah, we're household ammonia. Huh? Set them up in each room of your house, open them up, and leave. And then go up to your Toronto. When you come back, you will not have a roach or rat problem or beef problem at all. Just from the smell of the ammonia. Just from the smell of the ammonia. You will seep up through there. They don't like to eat on your cell. And then what happens when you take the things of the ammonia way? They'll be gone because they'll have the memory of the fact that the spell that was in there. So another one can write that there. They kind of memorize the addresses of the people that got the ammonia. I wouldn't say they remember. But it's kind of like a padlaw type thing. Right, right. They did turn, right. Yeah. But it worked. I'm 100% guaranteed. Okay, thanks, pal. Go out. I'll think John B. to have you bought that. But yeah, it's too bad. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, keep. 5, 6, 6, the AT and T improvise the Wireless line. I'm depressed that you told me ATM that it's such a wonderful job because they knew they would. Right, but he misunderstood my note that I left one day when I came to work and he called Krispy Critters again. Alas. And maybe that'll be fine. I mean, they have caught it rat so far. They put the traps up there what opinion butter and if you ever get hungry, you know we've got like a little snack waiting. Get some crackers. Right. But it just seems to me. There must be, I mean, there could be dozens of them if they were like living in a tree. I didn't realize they're rest-living trees. I thought they had nowhere, anywhere they want to live. Really? And they go anywhere they want to go. That's why they explain that's an ongoing thing. All the pests in Florida, pest controls an ongoing maintenance thing that you have to stay on top of. There's no just treat and then forget about it. Your house is going to be clean for out. No treat, no. Well, I got to get it. Reach me. Well, how come I've been in that house all of these years and up until April of this year? I never heard of one ranch, graduate. I never had nothing in the attic been lucky that just took them all to find you. I'll be damned. Pastards. 560, 505, 60, pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon line. If you could boot one first out of South Florida, who would it be? Here's Miami, hello. Yeah, Bush. Yeah, Bush. Yeah, Bush, live in South Florida. Just put them on the hassle. That's the guy again. That's him. Just put them on their asshole. I didn't know they got to talk to them, so I'll problem. 560, 505, 60, pound 560 on a AT&T. I'm going to tell you, we got some real real people in that town. Oh, and this is the place to find them. If you're looking to meet and greet some real people, this is the show you'll find them on. Here's the poll so far, OJ 79 and we're not putting Jeb Bush on there by the way. Luckily he lives in Tallahassee in a tree. And Colors got 42, 89 for OJ 42 for encoder, Mohour David 35, Alice Penelas 16, Jose Consocco 15, Miriam Elephant 8. Wayne Hypinga 7, Miss D'Rage's got 5, Mirus Grecia's 3, J. Fever 3, go away, J. Go back to Dartmouth. Rick Sanchez 3, Reverend James Kennedy 2, none for Rimmer or Gloria S. Defon as yet. 5 at the local V6E's 560, the way you're going to your new QAM. This is Mark Morgan, is the 12-to-one hour on QATM. Oh, some of them are brown, brown, and some are gray, and some are gray, what them can't find, I've been pissed off, I've been sick for a day, and one of them's brown, and some are gray, and some are gray, and some are gray, and some are gray, and some are gray, and some are gray, and some are gray, and some are gray, and some are gray, and some are gray, and some are gray, and some are gray, and some are gray, and some are gray, and some are gray, and some are gray, and some are gray, and some are gray, and some are gray, and some are gray, and some are gray, and some are gray, and some are gray, and some are gray, and some are gray, and some are gray, and some are gray, and some are gray, and some are gray, and some are gray, and some are gray, and some are gray, and some are gray, and some are gray, and some are gray, and some are gray, and some are gray, and excess gray, and some are gray, and some are gray, and some are gray, and some are gray, and some for years and I had all the allergies and the skin and the headaches and just and it's from the goddamn malalukas. Maybe that's why so many people down there act like assholes before the malalukas that could be it's going to excuse. Right? Sure. Let's play the freely. I think the freely it had something to do with it. Rest in pieces. Rest in branches. That this right we got the right thing. We need a solution for that. We got the plasma TV which we won't get a lot of calls on it because you know you have to be loaded to have a plasma TV right how many people in South Florida probably ever had one. So what are we going to get on that? And we're asking if you could boot one first not a South Florida who would it be? 560560560 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's Kendall. Hello. Hey what's up Neil God? Yes sir. Before anything give me a vote for the rim job. One vote for the rim job. Yeah. And your racontrol problems. This what you need. Oh no. Oh no. Here's a call from Kendall. Hello. Hello. The white side of Dale. Is this white Lodderdale? Yes. I'm leaving alone. Do I people are starting to talk? I'm not putting white Lodderdale on that's ridiculous. Isn't that right? Just on the face of it it's ludicrous. Because you like to eat in a little ass. I mean no coggin I'll been on a shape. It's good enough for George. It's good enough for D white people. 560560 pound 560 on a AT were just moments away from me. I'm truly at losing I am dead now. And hey don't kill yourself. I still got that guy. I got all kinds of good stuff baby. Oh yeah. I got a lot of negative teeny tumble. That's a lot of great. That is a major major hit. I got a lot of try and doora. I'm going to be there soon. Kind of all. I'll drive better. Oh, muneka's del chacha chacha. Oh, right. See this. Oh, I come over. You're very dumb. There no. Quando Salida Cuba. Venden Abbey. I got a queries which Merlin Maco will probably blow up our transmitter if I play it. I got one ton Tameda. Ways away Penaejo. In La Punta. And I'm I'm I Cuba. Oh, that's what's coming. If you people don't get with it. I'm just I'm tired of playing my school marmed to this town. It just makes me nauseous. You know what? You look kind of like a school marmed. Yes, I do. It's matter fact for the marmy. Antineal. 567. Oh, 560. I don't really give a crap. Okay. And there's no hope for what I look like. And I'm still doing just fine. Thank you. I'm doing pretty damn well. Yeah. I think you might be shocked. 567. Oh, 560. pound 560. Believe me on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. That's why I don't have time for Rimmer. Okay. I have too many social engagements. I don't have time for the Rimmer. And it's the whole sorry acta is that it gives love. It's Rimmer like an announcement. And all I hear I am again. Go away. It's Paco way, man. Just go away. I don't need to see it this time. I just saw you at the doctor. Come on. We can go. Who now needs to see again? You look the same. God. Just latching on the whole thing with this thing with this cling on business. I can't deal with that. You know, being a cling on all your life. Have a good time in his kid is here as kids engage. He's going to get married. He's got a good job with a fan kid's doing great. You know, which is good probably into happy to hear either. He did you already get this story? I know. Who's coming? I'm back from Harold Calm. You just facts it. No, somebody just facts it to us. I'll fix it to you. I already we already had this one on our website. All the sent me about the FCC's attempt in the middle of that rule changes from meeting big media companies to dramatically extend their control at communications and US hit a major roadblock yesterday when the third US circuit record appeals halted implementation of the new rules. Hold that one. I bet you pardon? That's a great. Well, let's see the other one. I just pitched it. Who's counting the dead right? Remember the enemy counts? They're probably already seen it. What are you talking about? The story that someone just facts. Yeah, and I'm sure you already had it. Three of that Scott Junior. 567.0560. Pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line 88 votes for OJ. They despise you. They want you out now before you're next bunch of crap. Okay? Before you're next, uh, before next time to grow the blonde goes nuts. What's your name? What's your name? So with the blonde bin vote, it's always with the drug stories and all the other crap. The one he's got down in Southern Campbell. How could I forget? 249 votes and OJ's got a hell of a lot. 88. And culture, they're not too happy with that slot either. 43. More Howard David, it's time with Ann Colter ever seen it through them together. No, same person. He's got a better piece. What? Pretty gross. He's got it. 43 a piece for Ann and Moe. Alice Pinga, Fakanga 17, Josec and Succo 15, Miriam in the elephant, 12. Wayne's high pinga 7, Ms. Matt Fudge got five with Rick Sanchez, who just went on list is already past several others. J. Fealer for Reven J. Kennedy for Mirus greasy as three, Gloria Steph on one. Non-ferrimer. Okay. See, I don't want to go by put them on there. It's like piling on, you know, just piling on. All these wise guys out there, especially these shfarts is calling me. Oh, give me the rim man, give me the rim man. And the guy's got his arm all crap. You know, amateur comedians, Ted Mac has come back to life. He's going to be conducting amateur hour at the Broward Maldas weekend. Go over and have a good time. Get out of our face. All these want to be sit down comedians. Here's a call from Kendall Humb of OJ. Hello. Oh, Neil. Yes, sir. About the rats in your attic. We have a family of tunes. Oh, Dr. Adam. And he left dropings and it was terrible and dirty. And they're tired all this stuff. And it turned out one time they said, leave a radio on up there. But this y'all do a little drama. I'm not kidding. And we tried everything. It didn't really help. It's just waiting. But you got to watch out once they had a possum. It fell down into the wall. And it there. Oh, no. I know that they told us that which is why and a holiday weekend, they just put the traps up there with the peanut butter. They didn't set the traps because they said if we get anything and we're not back for four days, the smell is going to be so bad. It'll make the house like a stench house. So, are you the crispy critter control? We used, I think, crispy critters down here in bed. It was, uh, many years ago. I don't think it was pesky critters as the name of it. And then they have another one of the animal removal guide. There's actually a whole bunch of professional people who can believe it. They're in South Florida who do this work. Oh, I know that. We're using them in their charge me an arm in four legs. But we'll see. Okay. Thanks, pal. I looked at you. He had some coons in his attic. Yeah. Wow. He put the radio on up there. And of course, he should they didn't tell me shouldn't put on 99 gems. That's not a good idea. He's warm in 560, 560, pound 560 on a AT and C and Verizon wireless line should have put rush on here. They would drive anybody out. I like rush. There's a first concert I went to. Canadian boys, eh? They were the stones thing here a few weeks. I thought they were going to be how was there at the stones, AC DC? Let me say again, that was one of the proud moments in Toronto in history of the human race. Half of it in people know events of any significance other than throwing some water bottles at just in Tinkerbell. And everybody's gone. Yeah, even Brittany was like low 500. Deep throat and Madonna. Yeah, she's got a sticker tongue down some bitches throat and not Madonna. You know, oh, please, please we'd hard don't contaminate that thing. It's bigger than this is Rodman. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Tell me. Sounds like it to me. Yeah. Sorry. Oh, I'm a couple things. You want to buy a plasma? No, I'm just inquiring. I don't even know if I want one or no. I'm trying to find out. Oh, I can talk to you because I can talk to you if you want off the air about it. I sell them. I see. Good good. That's a quality. I guess you can use your computer at the same, which computer into it. You can put any kind of video device into it. Yeah. Yeah. Well, the facts are gone from the guy before said that they overheat in the again, there are fire hazard and they're right against the wall and they bring out and two or three years and you wasted a 10 or $15,000 investment. No, we use them and rental for trade shows. We use them all over the place, man. And we get we've gotten lots of years out of them. Okay. Well, thanks a lot for your objective. Analyzing. Guys, peddling him and he's calling me to try to sell me once. What a concept. Yeah. Well, you know, he's going to be very objective, right? You know, he's not going to tell me to advance stuff. Sorry, pal. I'd rather go out and buy a cheap car for that amount of money. He'd like a, you know, a fifth car to have around. Well, just my needs and other car payment sounds good to me. It's 11 past the hour. We got O. J. in first place and quarter and she never got a catcher. Because he, you know, he may have the arthritic knees. He may be getting really old, but that O. J. can sure still run. Why the you best. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit I'm a little bit. I'm up now. Compound. There's something which is very less. much... And a little is a little bit. Well that's quite dark. And an old one Cross The True- helpless one That came back. Hang on now. I'm a little bit. I'm a tiny bit. I'm a little bit. Yeah because of this thing I've loved. one I love it. It says how about posting that tax evading lying cheating bastard Mickey Arerson It says take his make him take his boats and basketball team with him. Maybe he can join his old man and Israel You know the old man Know it out rumor has it that he sleeps with the gulfilter fishes Yeah, okay, don't you remember the nine billion dollars that the he slept over Israel through a very bank taxes on a minis country There you go So yes, look at the Mickey get Mickey Arerson on their right away, please. Thank you OJ's got 96 I mean that's a given he's got like a little more than double And co-tur she's got 47 well Howard David is given an Iran for her money 44 Alex pink uppercadia 22 Jose con Succo 15 and Miriam elephant 14 everybody else is small potatoes and single digits If you could boot one person out of town out of South Florida, who did be? Here's a lighthouse point hello Like I said here's a call from lighthouse point Yeah, yes, sir Let's go little point is a big red call, but cut the trees down That's one thing you got to do with the rest of it you got to get something to go around the house with a can if you don't have to pray for Every little opening you've got you have air conditioner in the roof The sea, yeah, they got those vents to go up the side that they run the dream line through Yeah, there's one up close like it's a ramp And it's so you see you off the house where there's nowhere they can get in With the foam they just keep coming back and back I mean I had to be through my fascia to get inside the house yet each of your face My face Right through the fascia and so it was a three year Yeah, the fascia board I mean that's what the other is Right with a gutter is right while they think dug up behind the gutter in through a little tiny spot A lot of ridden the fascia Yeah, they were going in through that then you closed that up and then you find they're going up the little square boxes And on the outside of your stucco that run the air conditioning pipes up and down They got the foam around that that's like a rubber stuff that insulates it Well, they just think they're causing that run up and down it like it's I think it's time to kill a bastard You know Man, let me say I eat three years. I'm so glad now. I don't well not got what I'm not gonna say it, but It's been a good couple years But they don't don't give yourself a canary man Yeah, but until you get the outside shield off and I just went around when I went to the camp I promise you buy it on deep off right everywhere it looks like they can get in the house or in the trailer is a little crack right yeah, and then when we read Did we read out of the house we took the The vents the softest sense and Because they would climb in and out of that we put the Rager wire in there that you use for stucco Mm-hmm, so if they can't climb in and out of that anymore, and let me say for two years now It's been nice fun. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. Hey good luck with it. I'll need a thanks. Oh, I'm not a wait. The way to waterdale. Gotta go Okay, well we'll put him on there. That's the second person's agenda. I'm no why poor Dwight Just because he just silly goes do I lot or no? Hey, all you rats it's time to face your maker time to face your music Sounds pretty complicated to me, you know, it's not really it's not Because it's I could be wrong, but it seems like when they put the trap and the adequate opinion butter It's like a magnet and all they're doing is they're like attracting them to come in and From the outside and they don't hang out there's not like they've set up camp or anything But they come in and they need to peanut butter and of course if some of them get trapped fine and if not they're right back out the same way they came in and And I could go on forever You see what I'm saying? Oh, yeah Am I right? Yes, you are so what are we accomplishin besides making crispy critters a lot of money? I'll Or whatever it hell our name is 5670560 by the way, I'm not blind all plasma TV I'm sorry that I read that fast before the guy had good intentions I'm not getting me no plasma TV. Oh, right? Maybe I could use a little plasma, but no plasma TV Yours as you could use a little plasma for his asthma Here's Miami. Hello. I don't know pretty good my my things for the poor Belky star right Is it the school fees the right yeah, I don't know who decided to promote her to like head anchor That was a very interesting. She's the head anchor. Yeah, I'm the news now done here. Are you serious? Yeah, we don't use the ray as the head anchor on channel 7 news. Yeah, we're gonna see more on well Well, not with her if you know the stories. Okay. We'll put her under me. I do I do know some of the stories Yes, me a la and on the dead listing Technically is a resident down here. He just living in South Africa. Yeah, but he doesn't he forget about him. Okay. How many we can come by? I already said no twice the jet bush. We're not putting him on or he doesn't live in South Florida. Oh, give me any encouragement. Okay. Maybe he's got a house whatever. He's got a pup tent apartment Shilky's the ray and twilight order. We're starting to get some of the TV people on there now. I mean, yeah If we wanted to do that we can put Angela Ray. I don't know See they they don't understand the the significance the deepness of these questions of mine Yeah, it's always well, who do you hate who don't you like well, you know that enough of that negative stuff We're talking about something really positive No, it's positive for South Florida It's like it rid of the rats. It's the same concept. It's a one topic thing today rats and human rats with two legs If you could boot one person out of South Florida who would it be? I hope he hasn't put Rick Shaw on there Did he no don't put Rick Shaw on it? It's bad. It's just going on your way to be an asshole to do that. Tell her very shy with your these people And culture. Well, I'm not gonna be done. Let's we are 291 votes. I'll just give you what we got OJ 100 nice even 100 for OJ Oh, that's here it for good old J And quarter 47 more Howard David in 45 he and aunty may have quite a battle going on next to neck as to ass Speak in an ass Alex Pinga Piccania 23 Miriam Ola fans 17 Jose can suck over 15 Wayne high ping attend. Oh now that's got you He's gone. They're off to OJ. We can talk about it behind his back, right? All right? Well, no, I talked about him while he was there. Sure. I don't know about him. They've heard of you. So I don't I'm worried how did you find this stuff? I mean, don't don't go hang in him on me See, I try to be I mean Scott for well as great where delighted to have me is there gonna be a gigantic hit have big numbers He's greatly and I'm glad to promote his the things which I will on the second but you know, I mean He doesn't add anything to the program you follow what I'm saying right? I say program. I'm sorry, I'm all never do it again That's the loot to the show does he? Yeah, he runs the board. No, that's not adding something to the program You could have a goddamn train monkey we could get precious from passions to run the board you'll talk all you In addition, which he ain't doing a hell of a good job on that either well He never I yesterday the phones aren't can't hear the phones he never did that before So what does that me how long has he been doing it now a week? Well, that's plenty I mean is this rocket science we're talking about? I mean if even a puss like Robert Greeper can do it how hard can it be Right medium hard But I don't think Robert Greeper has ever been medium hard Maybe like a little like a tad The pole You'd like he maybe he's got a tad pull I could be it because he sure don't have anything human between his legs So I don't know about sky guess we're giving another week. No, I can't his ass and what we do a search No, see this is your fault either when I blame you don't want to win out and find that rat head yeah, we're gonna rat Go out and found it. No, what What do you mean you went out and found it? I said I didn't go out and found him the beiner head. I didn't find him. He found us. He bugged me for four years When you ever say that's my boy. I go like to rub it in Yeah, no, you found him. You were in fact you were saying that you were feeling bad because you're responsible right? I am bad. I am feeling I let him uh Oh, and then you were loud scoffer L who is much as we like him a lot. I You know you don't want You need it somebody to run a board. They had absolutely nobody he volunteered Yeah, but now he's got a job and no, doesn't what do you mean by that? What do you mean by he has a job? We're talking about running the board on this show. He's not getting paid yet. He's not getting paid or maybe not ever So there was this is all a scam they called their answer they said they said this and that they told him a whole bunch of things and you know how that goes So in other words, he just hang it out there like they were sucking a gallon of doing their all those months Right, and we In the Miguel is unsalery he's paid to be in the building and it's not a lot better and couldn't pin up against the wall by Doreen with a giant strap on she's got So you know but at least in this case in other words, he's not even see you don't tell me anything I feel like I've lost control of this show, you know? No I didn't tell you anything what he's talking about I would have told you if they'd hired him he'd they haven't hired him so I didn't tell you that so Otherwise he's just kind of hanging out there because he's a buddy you've scot for real You're as up to date as ever like the last conversation that I had about with him that all still applies What does that mean? That when he came in here to be an intern to train to run the board that's still that's still what's going on So he's an intern he's still learning yeah on our time on our time and on our time on this highly rated show No wonder we got problems man I'm thinking maybe the beast It's quite a you best dude siendo let's merke good my Alright! For 32 or 5, 60WQM, we used to be the new Rogers show and now I feel like a lost control here. Feel like a big fat old stepchild. It's like Tom Jick said, you know, you're in Toronto, you're out of touch. I'm out of touch, you know. That must be it. I'm not touching it. Something really rotten in South Florida. I can smell them all the way up here. Must be that ammonia that I was talking about. That ammonium D. Because I haven't got any idea what's going on here. All these stories about this Scott is this and Scott's a friend of Scott Ferrell and you're the whole night of the flash and now Miguel is sitting there and he told me this morning he was going off the jersey but he never said when and all of a sudden he just disappears. Oh, he's gone. He will cut a plane to go. What? And I told you, so does it happen. Old crap, I'm sitting here talking to him. I'm sitting here. I'm thinking that he's there and then you say, oh, he's gone. I mean, I know I have these great psychic powers but I'm not exactly reaver from guiding light, you know. Miguel came on the mic. Well, he couldn't, he's done that before. Scott could've gone out to take a crap. Have you ever gone out to take a crap? How many times you go out to take a crap during his show today? I've heard him man. So there you go. You think you're the owner when it's full of crap? And he else got some crap in there. Believe me. That's what the Reen said. He's full of crap and that's only because she's pissed because he won't do her. I need to do anything else alive. Even a rat's in my attic wouldn't touch that bitch. But anyway, see you're trying to side my track me again, not in Doreen. The fact of the matter is we don't have to, you know, have like a big stimulus, especially out of Friday going into a nice weekend. A big stimulus about this? We are. Yeah, we are. I, I, I should like I say we need to have a big stimulus about this. Okay. I'd like to have like somebody in there who like is a communicative. You know, who might like once in a while, which leaves Miguel out, it's because I told him to shut up. Fine? I told him to shut up because you told him to shut up. It's because he has nothing to say. He has absolutely done nothing to say. I say we get the beast in there. What do you say? Huh? Let's make a swap. That's a good idea. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Silence. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Nothing. Anyone for anything. I'm recommending movies is all I'm doing it from now on. Yeah. I'm not recommending anyone for anything. It would. It would, which turned out to be a bitter disappointment. All sorry. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, let's, let's, let's, let's say, do screenless the rest of it because Miguel is having standard a lot of pressure and he can't be bothered with that. Thanks. No, sure, sir. I don't want you to have to go through that in addition to which you know, we already stressed out from the reen. If anything of that creation were chasing me or I already have the stock wrap here. I got Rimmer. That's a good pull question, which is worse to be chased by Rimmer or Doreen? Yeah. I haven't sure, I hello. Why you have this? Oh, oh, there he is. I thought you something was wrong. Did it whisper? What a same old crap, but he still there every goddamn day. What is one or two lines? Retire. Why you something, your ball? You're pathetic, you're tragic. Why don't you go in a rat? We'll see if we can catch you in a big trap, okay? Let's stick it to God damn bowl of ammonia. You jackass, you piece of turd. Man, I've flush better things down this morning. You turn than you. Ascle and have a nice weekend. Ferrell will be at Ole Ole on the Los Angeles River from six to eight tonight, given away Dolphin tickets. What do you do? I mean, go see him. And Miguel rhymes with the Ferrell. In coconut creek at the Seminole Casino 5550 Northwest 40, a 3-3-3-5-to-5-to-sat noon just off San Ferrell west of the turnpike. And then, if that wasn't good enough, join QM tonight, now who's going to be on that? Are you going to be on that too? Yes sir. Wow, and Joe's busy beaver today? You have no idea. You said he likes busy beaver. Join QM tonight, the Hooders in Basside 79 PM staff by the win prize. And you have bucket of five. Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, there. What does that mean? A bucket of five president of beer for eight fifty. Well, somebody teach this boy English, okay? A bucket of five for eight fifty president of the beer. You start to speak like Lucy, okay? Like this ear is. Lucy, Lucy, you know. Enjoy a bucket of five for eight fifty president of the beer. How about a bucket of five president of the beer is for eight fifty? How does that sound? Yeah. I don't know. I mean, I like to sound like a culture guy even on my faddle of a slab. I like to sound like at least not illiterate, you know? Like to put on a good act for these people. So whatever, going to go and see Miguel and tell me, you get some beer. You get a bunch of beer, okay? And buy some of our best in the stuff. Because if we aren't over 20 grand by next week, we've got to be over right now, but we're not getting any more reports. You're okay? I forgot to total my desk here in 19 something. Now we were in 19 for before yesterday, even. We had 19,400 before the show yesterday. Right. You're still in that vicinity. Well, what does that mean? Uh, for what's it since the other day, you have two hundred and forty something dollars on. Well, that's not going to cut the mustard. What is with these people out there? We got our best in the old, we didn't even put a CD out last year. We got the two thousand, two thousand three CDs. We got the more Howard David. Absolutely. We got some of those demand though. We had all kinds of good stuff. For a banded pair rescue, which is a sensational charity, by the way. And you can read all of the booth right there on our website. Just click onto the thing there. Boy, you're right. This is not the town there to be doing anything. But whatever we get now, it'll be gravy. You know what I'm saying? Right. Because we can go like we always do right through January 1. But it'll just be a little icing on the cake, a little gravy, a little mashed potatoes, whatever. But boy, this is, I guess I shouldn't be gullier. In fact, that nobody went to the Marlok game yesterday because no matter if they win every game, which they haven't lately just about, there's nobody there to go. There's nobody there. Just like to look at this, I'm doing screenless right now. There's one call ring on the thing. I say we just do that best of that comedy bits are four hours a day until the people come back. All right. Don't think that's a good idea? Absolutely. Like about a week before my vacation in December sounds good. Stop dancing, George. WCUAM. You. Yes, sir. What's up, man? I got a, I got a clown for your bowl. Okay. Danny, I can't wear a Super Bowl, Marino. Why is that? Is he playing on the team now? Nobody looked down here and wepton. And so was he bothering you? He kind of looks funny, no? Yeah, he doesn't have bad lips, you're right. Now get out of here, get out of here. What would see you, people are mean, you're cruel, you're nasty, you're rotten. Danny can't win a Super Bowl, Marino. Next to Pavellbury, the greatest athlete who ever put on a jox-drap for a soft-loaded team. No question about it. And maybe even of a superior than Pavell, Pavlov, and his stupid brother. And here this guy, see this is the problem in soft-loaded. You can never do enough for them. It's always, it's always the old cry baby act. You're much a cry baby's man, you make me sick. I'm so glad I'm out there, I can't begin to tell you. You only need the only negative thing I can find a Toronto right now is the rumors. That's the only thing. And you know what the good news is? What? Tell me, gone soon. Why? And local, here's the Portuguese Winniere 566U and UAM. Get my amy. You never know when the power might go. Oh, oh, oh, no, damn it, I'm not with all this hair. This is the worst power out of the American history. And we're out of batteries, we're going to do! We're going to do! Introducing the Hummer H3 Solar Powered Bibrator. Oh, that's it, nothing's possible. These more power than you should get the Hummer H4 nuclear powered kickstart remote control vibrator. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Number, alternative energy vibrators. They won't leave you. Oh, oh, oh. Cup 44 or 560's speaking of the Hummer. We got the mad dog at 2 the Hummer will be on 4 to 630 from the Crystal Palace of the Bahamas, including the on tape Dave Wantset, 25 to 6, and then the Marlin game from San Juan Porto Rico. Marlins on the Xbox Big Series man, humongous. Eddie K. F. to the baseball game, ESPN radio overnight, it's bad. Use it business to give file series anesty. I'll be right through that story, which I found on Munsemiul's website. Nice going, man. The thing with this crispy critters, I'm starting to realize how stupid I am, you know? Because you know what they do is they set the traps, they put the penis peanut butter crap that they have like an a tube. Okay, they stick to the peanut butter, uh, what a concoction on a trap. And then when they come back, they go check the traps. So if there's three rats, they charge you so much perrata to catch. Well, I mean, that's like catching fish in a barrel, you know what I'm saying? Uh-huh. I can keep setting those up there forever, and the scent of the more that peanut butter I slap on here, the more they're going to get the scent, and then we're going to come marching in, we're going to crevices are. And of course, then they keep stall off, and they're going to come and close everything up there because they're really busy, where we need to be, you know, that crap. And in the meantime, I'm paying into catch fish in a barrel. What does that deal? A good deal, so I'd like to know. Probably most of them animals wouldn't be going in there if they weren't smell the peanut butter in the first place. It's not like they're up there running around all the time. They're not there. They're like you set out in the trees. They're hanging in the a hood. Right, rats, rats in the hood. Boy, boy, what a schmuck I am. Crispy critters, my ass. Well, this is their last chance this weekend, again, they're whole house like a hermetically sealed. And if I find one possum, one rat, one cool, and anywhere near my house, then the schmits go ahead to fan. Then you'll see some real crispy critters in that place. Anyway, don't you agree? Yeah, well, I agreed way earlier. If you just set up a, uh, a track and put some crap in it, there's like 80's in it in the hood. They're better, they're going to smell it, you know? And come running. They're going to smell of it. The R.I. speaking of something that really stinks the R.I.A.A.A.A. the recording industry association of America, Plans, when I was an Anastee program this week, that will let individual online copyright infringers off the hook for old times sake if they changed their way sources say. Oh, the Anastee program that apply only to alleged infringers who have not been sued by the music industry trade group, or identify by internet service providers as visibility trade groups subpoony process. The alleged commercial pirates will not receive Anastee. According to the sources, the R.I.A.A. will not pursue legal. I don't like the R.I.A. as much as I like that stuff I was talking about yesterday. The T. Oh my, I love that. Too bad we wasted such a good bunch of shows this week on what we got down there now, you know, after hearing from nothing but the misfits pretty much. Yeah, who never leave there. Anyway, they will not pursue legal acts if infringers delete all of the rights music files from their computers, destroying all copies, including CDRs, CDRs, why is it say CDRs and that CDRs are the recordable CDs that's all that's right. That's right, okay. I'm promising. Not to upload such material in the future. Each infringing household member will have to send a completed notarized Anastee from the R.I.A. with a copy of a photo ID. Those who are we nigg on their promise will be subject to changes of a willful copyright infringement. The Anastee program will be revealed about the same time. The R.I.A. is expected not to find several hundred infringement suits. The R.I.A. had no comment. It's called to me like a trap and then I put an opinion but a run it. Does it in that story or any of the other ones that you've said to they talk about which ISPs are actually giving up their users? No. Well, wasn't it Verizon? Was that one of them? I don't know. Yes, it was Verizon. I don't know about the other ones that I want to mention no name. But anyway, I'm sure it's pretty nervous because you know. 560560. I'm still parked off about this scot thing. I hate to do this on the air but it's just I don't understand what you're port off about it. I'm parked off of the fact that we got some guy that we got tossed in here because he's a buddy of Scott. And he seems like an decent guy but he's got nothing to say. He has no way. I know he's got up. That no connection with his show whatsoever. And you know, I think we bring B-Nervoy back and see there B-Nervoy at the B somebody with a B. At least B-Nervoy was fun at a party. But he laughed at about it. It's a truth. I mean, I kind of imagine too many bits of book of Brian's going to be doing about Scott Junior. Can you? No, yeah. No, I don't know. I mean, it's not that I'm picking on him behind his back. I was picking on him when I was there and he just he just I rolled him to dummy up. Why? Why? Why? Nobody wants to hear from him. That's why. There he goes. Ha ha ha ha ha. Same ago has a pair. I'm like George who's again trying to be defensive because he's to at least you're two for two now. You're bent in a thousand. Well, people barely went in here from George while we went in here from the board up. Well, I mean, but if I ask him something just like when I asked him what team he was a fan of when we went through all these. Yeah, he had like that's his way of being and being cute. Yeah, that's what he thought he was about as cute as Doreen's ass man. How do you like that? That ain't my idea of cute. Anyway, we'll work it out. Or not, or just have the room empty in there. Maybe we can get the, maybe we can get the sponsor on the autopilot. That sound good. All right. Okay. Five, six, seven. We're looking today and it's really a brutal brutal Friday. I can't believe that this crowd is doing this to me today. But hey, I'm used to it all these years. Not turned man. Never changes. Man, I'm as happy as a pig and slop or work on a kitchen and Marance with all kinds of peanut butter. Extra crunchy by the way this weekend with our crispy critters people. No, that's that to me. That's a scam. And I have to be a real moron. I admit, but when you're going to charge people for kitchen stuff that you're drawing in yourself, you know, be like here. I'm going to give you a put a whole bunch of fish in a bowl in a barrel and give you a pull. Yeah. With some beer. And then every time you get a fish out of them, I'm going to charge you for it. If you could boot one person out of south Florida, who would it be? OJ, you're in a league of your own. You and some of the others. OJ 117 and Colter 53. Mohour David at 52 is right on Anne's ass. I'd love I'd pay to see that. Alex Pinga Peking and not doing this well as I thought he would. 26. Out of sight, out of mind. Miriam elephant 20. Ozek and Succo 17. Wayne Hizenga 14. Ricky Tickie says he's 13. I know we added him on late, but I thought that we'd give him the handicap. He goes zooming up there, didn't you? I thought so. Not doing well. 13. Reverend David Kennedy or Jane whatever in his name is James Kennedy 9. Miss Matt Fudge 7. Maris Greasy as 6. Jay Feetler 5. Gloria Stephon has got four. Bill Spilky's in the race got one. Make yours in one. Non for Rimmer or Dwight Lawdwell. I said, I told you don't put them on there. Did I say that? I mean, I did say eventually put them on there by thought do they get no votes. What's what? What is Rimmer? And if you kick him out of there, he's got to be chased me all over the place like he's doing now. I know. I was a, it was a big opening right there. Correct. WQAM. Neil. Yes sir. I do on my friend. Okay. I'm doing great. All the ISPs are doing are giving up their members. They wanted had to dance to fight with Verizon. I'll be there. Oh, they thought Verizon thought they were the first one to give them up. No, no, no, they were fighting them in court. And of course with this Nazi regime we have in power. Jay lost the battle. I'll be there. So they have to give up all the names. Oh well. I'll be helping Toronto my friend. I'll be a Vancouver. Yeah. Well, maybe I've no kept being by Rimmer's in dinner. Hey, sir. Chris Columbia. Sounds good to me, my friend. Have a good time, amigo. I'm glad to have a fight with us. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. We're doing screenless now on the Sloan Hill. WQAM. Yes sir. I got nothing else for your bowl. Okay. Chris Bush. Hmm. See what I mean? Nothing but a list fits in there. That's all we've got. Air v-cronic, air v-regular, air v-mout content, air v-missfit, air v-suck hole. That's all we've got. And like I said, see, it's not me after all these years. I used to get a lot of the old Neil's so negative. And Neil's always knocking soft for I'm just telling you exactly the way it is. Okay. That's not the way I wanted. That's not the way I like it. It's taking years off all of our lives. And we've had to put up with such a bunch of miserable assholes. Okay. That we've had to live in the midst of such a bunch of swirl. God. Front running, phony baloney. I mean, any adjective you can come up with is negative to it. I'll vote for it. Said it's prophetic, it's tragic. It's debilitating. Do I really give a crap? No, but it sounds good. It's good theater like Mr. Ego would say. It's good drama. W-Q-I-M. Yeah, I got one. I drew a rose in half. I was so tired and him and his antics. Every show, every... Chockeys got signed up. And now he's doing Jackie Johnson. I like it. Thanks, pal. Oh, I don't like he's doing Jackie Johnson. I don't really care. She's a monkey face. She is. She's a monkey face. I don't care what you guys say. She's not attractive. She may have nice hair, but you know who else had nice hair? I'm silly. I'm losing. I'm dead now. And she also was a monkey face by the way. Now I guess she's kind of Schmidt-Faced. 560560, Pond 560 on the AT&T and Verizon. While he was flying in fact the former chancellor of West Germany. Remember how much Smith? No. He was Schmidt-Faced. W-Q-I-M. Yeah. But he sure wore an interesting helmet. Yes, sir. I'm a rat rat with a peanut butter. It's definitely a scam. Yeah. Copycute is it's called critter control. And I'm getting started to get out of control thinking about what they're doing to me. Ripen. Why? I use the rat for food for my turtle. Yeah. I'm a turtle pen in the back. And it's on the other side of the fence is a storm drain. So I put the peanut butter out and come over the fence. They eat the pizza. Eat the peanut butter. You caught the trap. I see them at a turtle. Excellent. Good idea. Good idea. Good idea. And my whole life I've always agonized over this. I think I threw it in a waste basket before it was really dead. You know, I think it was just kind of... Huh? You know what I mean? Yeah. It was just kind of resting. You know how they pull her head in. And well, you of course, you know how they pull her hands on it. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Yeah. You know how that works. And then even out and then it would like pop right out. When you at least expect it. Especially for the snapping turtle. Oh, yeah. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, yeah. Sometimes they bite. Ha ha. That it anyway. It was called Murdoch turtle. And it was a... You know, actually Murdoch turtle. I don't know. It's so long ago. You know, it's about 100 years ago. I also had like one of them painted turtles, you know those. That can't be good. No, it's not. That was just... That must have been a long time ago. Oh, yeah. Wow. It was like five years old. So that's like 56 years ago. I'm almost 61 years old. I'm so glad they am old. I can't even count it anymore. That seems to their system. Well, that's not good. No. Well, I wonder if God's sick and I had a throw in a waste basket. In a garbage in a garbage can of a sign. The name of the street we lived on a Rochester by the way was okay. Terrorists. Never been. It was called okay. Terrorists. Okay. Terrorists. And was it? Now it's all dark man. Really a dark neighborhood. Wow. Wow. Anyway, we're just singing along. We're just telling some time for you. We appreciate the fact that you're hanging with us because it's desperate. It's just desperate, don't you? I'm so, so, so pleased that I'm not there. You have no idea. I was there for a week. It seemed like it was a century. I'm not exaggerating. You could see that I just, I was at my wits end. And then I get sucked in this crispy critter deal. You know what these are? Oh yeah. We're going to catch a hundred rats for it. And it's only like a twenty bucks a piece. I'm sending you a very encouraging fact that you'll enjoy reading during the brain. What do you mean by that? That you'll enjoy reading during the break. About the rats? Yeah. What a scam. Oh, we're putting a whole bunch of work. We got a gourmet menu. We're putting up. They were putting a rat buffet. You remember the, Yeah. More just bored. Yeah. Remember the Negro buffet and it's filled bit. Well, we got a rat buffet. Yeah. Although if we put a Negro buffet up there, we might catch some Possums. Prop 57 at five 60 WQM by now. You've heard me talk moochio about lamb and it's a russian how laminated wood flooring from lamb and it's russian's the easy low maintenance alternative to natural wood flooring. Laminates are russian's the best place to find laminated wood flooring from the top names in the business, peridor, pergo, will send out uniform and quick step. They've got all the top names all installed by pergo certified installers. Here's another reason why I ought to be calling laminated to russian's will positively floria. Right now you can get there's September kickoff special for just nineteen hundred ninety five bucks. That's correct. Just nineteen hundred ninety five bucks gets you up to three hundred eighty square feet. A beautiful laminated wood flooring. It is positively unreal. Elaminates are russian makes any legitimate raten offer to. So if you'd like to get you a free and homestover with no obligation at all, no pressure. Call laminated to russian toll freed. One eight seven seven seven seven seven thirty three thirty six. What can be easier? Precarpet disposal for your moving to twenty five year warranty. And years and a lifetime a beautiful easy care. Laminate wood flooring. Call them today. Tell me the old christ needle. Totally to call laminated to russian one eight seven seven seven seven thirty three thirty six. And you know this is for sure you'll find a way. We can go out and just got around. And when I'm up and about to take a slap in all women with pain. They're lifts around the pole. I listen to the new Rogers one or two. I mean I listen to the new Rogers iron balance one or two hours. We're are you suffering from clinical depression. Life just not what it used to be. Sting your evenings with your mouth wide open watching reality shows. Too much of a sport hole to think about getting laid. Is that what's got you down monkey? We'll get a new lease online at the doctor. Mohour David depression clinic. Dr. Mohour David is bored. Sure. Hmm. Yes, sir to pineapple. And his ears can make your pathetic life worth living again. All right, said, sack what shall be. I'm the best. I know that you're more on. That's why you're here, right? I'll have you. I know I can't many famous patients. Yeah, like who? That was a race. Rekos. The Karen Kacop and the Rekos. I'm a doctor. Not a chef. I give me 50 bucks and get the f*** out of here. Hey, I think he needs a... I think I'm a f***ing people portion. Scraaaam. Visit the Dr. Mohour David depression clinic today and receive a complimentary single-ledged razor blade. Not the bowl. How would they be? So, we're going to eat one, two, three. One, two, three. Oh, man. He must have gotten a good stuff in the mail. I'll tell you that. It must have come in from the islands. 102 at 5.60. WCM. Turn it a warning for the city of Miami floored. Did you see that? No. So, there's now a tornado warning for Miami-Dade County. Until 130 Eastern time. Apparently, we're going to need continuation of this. We're going to get some of these from Henri. One of the things you do worry about when a tropical cyclone makes landfall. Or is the potential for tornadoes? I'm sure a tornado watch will probably be issued for Florida before it's all over. Certainly going to watch that as that could be very dangerous. Like I said, I sure must be in down here, man. That's part of that tropical storm on rean. Then, of course, you got the hurricane. The big one out there, Bermuda. It's been a wipeout South Carolina. But anyway, tornado warning for Dave County to 130. For a while, of course, she's this is on CNN. She's seen for Miami. What is that? That's the ass end of the big storm that's going to wipe out Tampa Orlando and Dave Hona Beach. So, here's this fact. And did I just hear Joe Rose say the Netherlands? I don't know. I don't listen to our thoughts. Is that like anywhere near the hinterlands? I'm sure that's why I said the Netherlands. Joe, it's time to grab the wood. Yeah. Nice facts to let you set me from our close personal friend, Steve at ATM. Oh, why didn't John listen me? I put the card out there, but I guess he misunderstood any call. Chris B. Critters instead about we can have to go when this whole thing started. And two late now. So what do I do? Because I should have read this? Oh, that's up to you. It's just, it's up for your information kind of thing. Yeah. But I mean, how do we, how do I extricate myself from the, your first crispy critters people who are charting or rafing me by the, I did, right? No, no one kind of a contract you signed, but if you didn't sign anything. Then, bye, bye. Yeah. But I mean, today's today, they're like, See one, everything up. That wouldn't be the appropriate day to say bye, bye, bye. What do I, I guess not? No. In the future, though, as soon as they're done sealing it up. Well, I'm going to save this and then like, I'll let you know the progress next week. And then we'll like, you know, but it doesn't sound too promising to me. Because that, it's, it's, you know, that old term bait and switch. Yeah. Yeah. I think I'm being bait and switched myself on at peanut butter crab. It, it, it, it, it's insanity. It's like saying, hey, look, I can catch all these fish out here. How much you're going to pay me for each one I catch? Let me throw them to the water first. At least a fish you can take them out on the grill and fry them up. You don't have a supper unless you want to eat dead rat and get maybe SARS or something. There's probably not a real good idea. Why don't you, you wouldn't be the first? 560560 pound, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless lime. We got so many problems and so many, uh, uh, assholes. W to Q AM. Yes sir. Yeah. My wife has a little rat bomb that are quite of a point of point of view. Yeah. And they use slim gym and traps. But that says he wanted to look at that peanut butter. Yummy. Uh-huh. I think what they use about 70 traps up there. And, uh, I think today was the day to go up there and get them all. I guess. Okay. See, he doesn't understand that if they're like putting a slim gym, there's probably rats going to be coming in from Palm Beach County, right? Right? I've been going to have this guy works. I mean, it's just, I just come in since. I'm really a lot dumber than I thought, but at least I admit it. 560560 pound, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless lime. WQAM. Neil. Yes sir. Lovely show you got going on. I got somebody for your pole. Yes? Joey, the terrorist, the sulto. Do you want to go to the sulto? Yes sir. Who knows Joey, basuto? I don't know. Well, I'm going to put him on the pole. I mean, the name sounds familiar. One of those rattle. What is from your rival's hockey? Who is it? Basuto's from brother to the rescue. Is it Joey? I'll say. Oh, I don't put him on. We don't know who that is. Most of our people speaking was Miguel Wilvore on it. WQAM. Hello. Yes sir. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Victor. How are you doing? I'm doing sensational man. Hey, let me ask you a question. Why are all of these politicians getting in the middle of our sports? Such a mess. What the hell do they know? Why is George Bush coming on before the beginning of the season? Why is Russia limbo doing the commentating? Who the hell cares about what the hell the politicians have to say when we're sitting here and talking about broadcasting the naive and unsurpecting public. We are. Right. And they have to go on running for the governor of the largest state and you're asking me if the American public is stupid? No, we already know they are. We're poor. Exactly. Look who our governor is. Right. You know it goes hand in hand. Okay. Good luck to you sir. I'll see you tomorrow. Give you a special dispensation to come across. 560, 505, 60, pound 560. I don't know what it is man. Tuesday. I'll say it again. I probably shouldn't. It's called giving yourself the canary against you yourself in a foot. I got up out of this share at 2 o'clock on Tuesday and thought man, we just we just keep some serious answers. You know, you forget because you took almost no calls. And man, now is the week has gone on. Week is the operative term speller with an A, W, E, A, K. You're in erotic station. No big good color. It's one of W, E, A, K. Hope it's not taken. Don't expect too much because this is week radio. Perfect for cheap channel. Yeah. Nice going to people, do you jackass? Got to wish you would die. W, Q, A, and hello. And the bright wing is drilling it over and over and through. Operating. That is rock. See what I mean? They're all crumbling from the pressure folks. They can't handle it. They're losing it. By the way, watch out for the tornadoes. Tell about 130. Well, that's you know what it's 130 and then you can run outside. W, Q, A, M. You're so sad. You're so sad. Kali, you're so sad. W, Q, A, M. Yes? How you doing, sir? Okay. How do you call it, G. E. Let me hear us, our speaker. I could barely hear you. Like muddy. No, I was there. I was there. And the color of two colors ago. He was leaning into what I was going to talk about. The guy's the poet. I think she got. Actually, it's just about everybody. I think with that last thing, my job. The Cooleyman. The whole push claim. Yeah, right. That really is an answer to my question. By the way, Joseba soltose the guy's name from my assholes to the rescue. That's a guy. We're not putting him on it. It's called the Taters. Yeah, he's really small potatoes. Nobody knows who that like is. This last guy's another one. Those circles, you're guys. Right. 5605. He's probably got his nose up. Chris Bush's ass right now. 5605. 60 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. WCWM. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. George is a lifeless loser. And he's got that greasy pig. Yeah. And you suck. So there you go. Nobody's perfect. WCWM. Hello. WCWM. How's it going, Dale? Okay. You know how they used peanut butter to tell you? No. I wasn't there. This was my roommate did all of this. I didn't see that. They used to be up under because it sticks to the trap. The rastitz marms it off off. And it'll just carry the food away. The peanut butter actually sticks to the trap. Yeah. But I'm sure that the aroma of it attracts the rast, doesn't it? I don't know about that. Anything will attract the rast. Right. So what's the point? They know if they know there's like a thousand rast in the neighborhood and the treason everything. They can keep putting food up there and it's like free buffet. Yeah. They will play for the soccer screens around your house. They're supposedly supposedly doing that today and they damn well better be. Yeah. That's the first thing you'd do before you set the trap so it'll just keep crawling in. Once they feel it all out, you should be good to go. Once they set the trap. Well, we'll know in a couple of days. Thanks for the good news, pal. Have a good week. And you too. Well, no. A couple of days if Krispy critters is really doing it or if they're just given out a rat buffet. Yeah. Why don't we just put a nice spread out there for crying out loud? Sure. Maybe blow a whistle or something out of them. Yeah. Have like they do for the flamingos in highly. Blow to whistle later. Oh, it's time for a lot of time for brunch for those dinner triangles. But they rain. Oh, yeah. Like I don't know ranch. Like in Bonanza. Maybe go on green can give it a little dingling. 12 minutes passed. That one at five, 60 WKM. I heard Lauren Green did have a little dingling. That's what the, what's the name said? Little Joe. No, Haas. If you're a Haas, if you're a cow and you're on any kind of a low carb diet. Here's a wonderful stir that you will absolutely have shopping. And the reason I know that is because it'll be such a threat, a threat of fresh air. Because you're going to supermarket and they have nothing. I mean, you know, they got the basics to meet and the cheese and the, that low carb stuff. That's it. Maybe they got a couple of things that's supposedly low carb and you have nothing to snack on. No alternatives. Nothing to keep you on your low carb diet. The lights of West Boat is the number one low carb store in the universe. They've got over 900 low carb. In fact, I bet they got over a thousand now, but skipping refused to give me a new copy because he's busy taking smelly BMs and the tea room there at QAM. The lights of West Boat is introducing great new stuff all the time. Be sure and check out the new low carb instant cup of soup. Just add water, microwave, pop it a new old thing. A low carb, me, low cup, port, delicious flavors. Try the unbelievably delicious low carb muffins for quick breakfast. They've got all kinds of neat new things like the individual size cheesecake, low carb hot cocoa apple cider, blondies and brownies and their spectacular selection of low carb pasta sauces, dressing chips, chocolates. The world famous carbolette ice cream, duties low carb peanut brittle and the carbolette redded drink chocolate middle shakes and now, thank goodness the Ad Last Brand. Chocolate, crisp and chocolate, and bars with no maltotel. So you'll be satisfied and not wasting all day on the throne. Come in and try any products you like you can try before you buy it and keep in mind that it at the lights. All the Atkins Brands products around sale all day every day. The lights is open 10 to 10 every day. You'll find them on the North East corner of Glades Road and 441 X to Boston Market and Booker, Column at 1-877 low carb or shop of on a web at lowcarb.com. Don't forget that's the lights of West Boat's official Atkins retail center, Rest in Peace. And my life and love this is for trading over 60 million. A huge great privilege to be here at Outline a new budget. That's where O'Dars would have ordered to come up with a number for tax relief. And my plan, no one will get relief. For lower income families, you'll never get ahead. And this president doesn't care and won't pay. My attitude is government should stand in the way a family is achieving their dreams together. We will do so. I hope you'll join me in standing firmly. On Restrain. Some say my two big. Others. Others say it's too small. I respectfully disagree. This is just right. Okay, so I'm watching CNN and they're doing the thing again. They're about the answer. The tornado warning for Dave County. Okay, so I click on to the Sun Sentinel and forget about it. And I click on to the Harold. And they got a big thing on their weather. Page. Hurricane Fabian. I'm looking all over the place. Where's the story? Where's the beef you assholes? Here's tropical storm. The sun re which is pretty ordinary. And oh, here you go. Lay this public advisories. Do you think it's going to be there? Statistics and warnings. Okay, well, they should be it. You have to like practically standing. Don't you think that should be like a bulletin? You think. Alice, wrong with these assholes. Let me just yank my thing over here. We pull it over. There's nothing on here. This is an advisory on the goddamn tropical storm. You got nothing to do with a tornado warnings or anything else. You got to get it from CNN and the Harold and the Sun Sentinel already get his hemorrhids when he wiped your ass with it? That's pretty damn classy. What a crocker crap. There's another reason to upload a cannot extricated cell from the state in which it finds itself. Lower it down. 560 pound, 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Don't forget Miguel will be at the coconut creek, 7th of all casino with your best meal stuff. That's 5550 Northwest 40th Street just off Sample Road West of the Turnpike. 3-5 to 7-9 at the Hooters in Bayside. Stopped when prices enjoy a bucket of 5 present and paid beers for just 8 and a half bucks. See how nice that did that? Very nice. That was good. Just slid right in there. And Scott for real will be at the OLE OLE on Los Angeles Riverfront from 6 to 8 tonight. And he'll have some dolphin tickets to give away some free crap for all you free loaders. WQAM. I want to ask you something about that music sharing. Maybe I'm overlooking the audience. Yes? If you download music, I'm speaking hypothetically and okay. Right. Of course. Of course. Because nobody would really do that right now. No, no. That's against the law. But if you download a file from Puzzah or what have you. And if it's downloaded you stick it in another file, then how can they catch you? Is that out of you? George. I don't know. Or like what if you burn it to a CD and then he raised the file you just downloaded and take it off your computer. Sounds like a plan to me. I mean, we're trying to make it hard to accept like a theory to make. And throw your computer in the canal and buy it in the oven. Right. Okay. Okay. Okay. It's a busy weekend. And I know. I know. Long list the faces. The legal things that are going on. I'm so sick and tired of this. The fascist regime. I never do anything illegal. Sick and tired of fascist and crazy right wing religious nuts on the loose because that's the American F and Freaking Way. So if I buy a CD and I let a friend listen to it. Yeah. File sharing. Yes. Only if you're learning your nail file. That's right. What if you're on somebody who nail file, they're going to like get you for that too. It is file sharing. I'll do well enough. They're in guys at file or nails. I can't stand guys at file or nails. You want to know why? Why? Because it means they have nails. That's good. I'll never know if you guys don't do their fingernails. I don't do my fingernails. You have fingernails? I don't do them. I cut them with clippers. You. But you don't file them. No. Oh, I defiled them. Thank goodness for that. Because if you came on a year today and said, Do you filed your nails? I think that'd be the last straw. The last nail. So to speak. In your coffin. Man. Talk about your image. WKOM. You can. QAM. A- A- Darkling over there. Well, too late, Pat. You're too slow for me. WKOM. Hello. Yes, sir. On your ranch situation. Yes. D-Con makes their blue blocks. There's eight blocks in a pack. It's just cost you $4.50. And what happens is they've rat-edged it. And it takes three days. And what happens is they get thirsty. They go outside to go out and get water. Because they get- And when they drink, and when they drink, they blow up inside, right? Yes, sir. Now. But the thing is, they don't drink in your house. They drink outside. And then if you're- For a problem, probably the crispy critters people probably put a bowl of water up there for them. You're adding. Well, you know, the thing is, I don't- I don't know if you really want to blame them for attracting stuff that comes inside. Because what happens is when there's one rat, there's more than one. Okay? Right. And I had three total. Three days later, I kid you not. I came home. And the three of them were going out after they had consumed the deacon blue block. Yeah. And I'm telling you, man, my dog nailed. Every one of them picked them up broke through, you know, broke their neck. And then I got the rats out. And then they're... Oh, right. So that's what you- That's- for $4.50, that's all you need. But, but I don't understand. But, what do you put it in? I mean, just- No, no, it's a block. It just sits- If your roommate can go up and put it in an attic, that's fine. I put mine in the garage. What they do is they run along a trail. And you have to put it on the edge of the garage. Yeah. They don't go in the middle. They stay on the edge at night. Because- Why is that? Because their whiskers are their feelers. And they stay on the edge. So I put everything on the edge of the garage, and it worked out great. Huh. That's the key. Well, let me ask you this. What if you put that stuff like outside? No, because- What'll happen is, um, another animal will come out and eat it. Yeah. And, no, you want to- If you have a garage in an attic, I don't know how your house is set up. Yeah, I have a garage with a thing, an attic over it. And I also have the attic over the bedroom. And the guy who called early about the air conditioner thing, right? Do go through the air conditioner. I got an air conditioner thing where they came in through from the outside. So he's right about that, and they take it, and they go up, they climb up and go into the attic. So if you can get it placed right by the air conditioner, I don't know what they call it. It's a metal thing, and the pipes you can see the pipes going up. And, um, but I tell you what, man, for $4.50, it got rid of my problem. Okay, thanks, pal. You always have it. Well, now you're in the summertime, but I usually get it right before fall because what they do is they're looking for some place warm to go. Maybe a block of ice up there, couldn't be bad either. Yes, sir. Okay, thanks a lot. Yes, sir. There you go. How about some blue block, man? Sounds good to me. A blue block or pretty old cocker? What? Yeah. And I have read about that where they eat the, they chew the stuff and they go outside and makes them very thirsty when they drink it. Like all the blows up inside and they just look, man. They go outside unless they can get inside in which case they, uh, you'll find them dead in your toilet. I'll find them dead in my toilet. Well, they'll go for that water, and they'll go in there and get a drink and they'll die in your toilet. Well, what do you mean they'll go in there and get a drink? I'm going to get into my toilet. A climb, claw crawl. From where? So in other words, you're like, now you're telling me they're in the house. They can't, if they can get in the house. Now you're telling me they're in my freaking house. This is the first thing I said is if they can get in there, they will. Hop it around. Have them. Yeah, check under the bed. Every night. Sweet tight. I don't have no rents here, okay? Oh no. One org is reason not to be there. No rents in Toronto. Just stars. And what's now? Well, that's where you got plenty of West now out there. 560, 750, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Limbo. We are rat intensive today. Perfect for QA and by the way. WQAM. Oh, oh. Nice talk at you. Them has to be in the beiner boy. He just couldn't bring him so probably wants the job back. I want you to think about that. But what? You know him just one more chance. Okay, times up. Thanks. 2060 after one. Don't forget we got to turn it on there. Excellent. And it warning. You will notice that we're seeing showers and thunderstorms extending south of Naples all the way to the go. Power. It's like one big blob of rain. We're associated with tropical looking. Yeah. We're taking use to be a problem heavy rain and potential tornado. Tropical storm on re-re-shared man is just dumping it all over the state of Florida. Luckily most of it is in places that we don't like anywhere like Tampa. Wow. And Saint Pete rolling 90 if five year old. So we're going to go to what was it weather dot com and temple terrace. Yes. Yes. And cancel cancel. I just got through sand. Yeah. We're really. We're really going to. We're going to the morning is over. I have it right on CNN right here. We'll have the latest on the former NBA pro. No, there's Denise Roddenwood wedding dress on. Oh, and they also had a blurb on here before which I tried to block out of my mind. Speaking of blue blocker. I'm going to tell you. I might vomit. I've realized this on here. It showed a picture of Michael Jordan and it said Jordan coming back again. Do you think that the world can handle that? I think that the world will collapse. If that man pulls that again. You want to say? Hey. Whatever. One word for Michael Jordan. Okay. Rick. Okay. 26 after one a QAM VIP sportsbook dot com is the best in a business. Everybody on our radio station, including people under the age of 10 who couldn't gamble if they're like to pin it on it. Our petal and sports books because everybody wants on a gravy train. You know, they want your money. But are you ever going to get it back? That's the question. 99% of those bookies are located in the jungles of Costa Rica. But VIP sportsbook dot com is real class the best in a business that the oldest and the largest sportsbook in the Netherlands. Just answer your words. I can't believe he's that. It literally. Well, he is. He's good. 100% legal and license. Just listen to me and call VIP sportsbook dot com. Don't listen to the dumb jokes pay attention to me. Call 1 866 VIP bet because VIP sportsbook dot com is soft for his best sportsbook. Sign up now and you can bet all year long the South Florida football and basketball team is used free. You want to bet the dolphins. It's 100 to 100 and after this Sunday, good luck to you. You want to bet their hurricanes. It's 100 to 100. So forget about the big. Also, I'm scared of 20% cash bonus. Not some funny money match play bonus either. VIP sportsbook dot com that's how you find a online or call him toll free if you don't have like your PC. Call 1 866 VIP bet's that's 1 866 VIP bet's. Tell me heard all about it on QAM VIP sportsbook dot com where you always are the VIP. Hi there. Welcome to the 666 566. The rain is all yours. You ain't. I got your phone. Drop it down. I'm sorry. Are you sure? Hey basketball fans. What could be better than watching your favorite players slam dunk? How about watching them get dunked in the slamer? You can. With a whole new and be hey criminal league. Yes, all your favorite players on the court are now in court. This will be triumphs. Hero life song. David Stout of Fire. Glenn Robinson. Chris Weber. Jerry Stackhouse. And of course, Allen Iverson. And he scores. Well, the NBA Superstars are in lockdown. The action is locked up. The NBA criminal league. Ah, gentlemen. The football is coming up. The NBA team is the most violent prisoner. Oh, they've gone from committing fouls to committing felonies. And you can be a material witness to all the drama with the NBA criminal league. See there, man. That's what I call a dead ball. The NBA criminal league. All these gangsters. 1.32 at 560. WCM. You want to hear the second race from Belmont? Okay. With the great time, Durkin. Is it too late to bet? On that's right. Let's call a VIP Sportsburg.com and plug your brains out. There's a six horse going in the gate. I think it's probably going to be Tom Durkin. It better be. It makes me look kind of stupid. You know. There's a seven going forward. Juggabog. It's a cool thing. It's another goofball. That guy that must be Marshall Canceau. He's boyfriend. A possible food and water contamination in Iraq. No. You got to be kidding me. They just made that up. It's more that the liberal comic pickle propaganda. There's the eight horse going in. How many horses in this field, by the way. George. But third man. And that's right, though, that you can hear you. Can hear the. The. That's the. The old. The. The. On the. On the. On the. On the. I'm a. Come on. Push that faster in there. That's what I hate about. Thurbody racing. Man, it. It's. You want to go in there? Why? I need some hay and just take a big dump. That's all. Hey, I want to go running around with some smucks and underback. Would you want to run around the track? Would someone mucky sit on your back? No. This hate horse ain't going in. So like I said, Tom, or whoever you are calling or where's we going to have time. Taking three guys trying to push this poor little, look at that, he's reared up in the air. I love it. Don't you love it when they like throw the Jackie about 100 yards? He just as long as he doesn't get hurt. Of course. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. You would have rid of the track in your life. I've been to once each to pump it apart once and colder and Gulfstream, one each. But not to Halea. No. Well, why not? That's why you people are supposed to go. Short people. They're going to suck the Jackie at a get off. Now they're going to try to load the eight horse without the Jackie. If I get about it, you kidding me? This horse don't want no part of this routine. WCU-AM. Hey, good afternoon. Yes, sir. When is to you? How you doing? How do I work for the weekend? What could be better? Listen, I got to give you some credit about horse racing. You rekindled my interest in it and it's something you haven't played in ages. And that's the other. I don't have it. You're talking about that Sunday silence easy go or thing with time. You're going to be a little bit more correct, sir. I'm here speaking in the chair because it's right from the horses' ass. I don't have that. Oh, man. He is the king, man. There's no criminal. And that's why I was going to put this on because I just went to the racing channel. Yeah, and they're off. Number eight, gold, flinger, unseated the rider. How do you like that? If the start is eight, what do you do? He acted up. He unseated the rider when he came out of the gate. He rubber top is out. This guy's terrible. The one that does the races on the day when Thomas out to scoosing. What's that? I'm going to immediately tell it. But I'm telling you, you've played that call. I would get goose bumps. I mean, how many times I heard it? And have the same effect every time. So some of the sandwiches on my favorite horses, I love that. I don't know why I just loved that horse. Yeah, actually, I like the horse. I like the aim because that's one thing that I like for two finals on Sundays. Exactly. So have a lovely weekend. And you two, thanks. Thanks, Pally. Oh, yeah, then eight horses through. How do you like that? Wasn't that a propitious moment to be looking at that thing? I don't turn it off. Which I'd seen it. I wouldn't better wipe off my propitia. We got 145 hosts for O.J. Man. He is all alone. There ain't nobody near him. If you could boot one person out of South Florida, who would it be? O.J. has got 145 hosts. And that's out of 432. I mean, he's off to the races. Mohar David, though, is head and head, knows to know his big and horse races with Anne Colter, most got 64 and Anne's got 63. Maybe we could make a package deal on Greyhound bus. Alex Pinga Piccania 31, Miriam Elephant 24, H Wayne Hypinga 18, I'll decide out of mine. There was a time when he would have been maybe right up there on O.J. Zash, you know. That would have been a nobody. He's small potatoes now. Jose Consocco 17, Reverend James Kennedy 16, Rick Sanchez, only 16. Now that's pretty surprising, you know what? He's been on there long enough now to be up there in the Elydabad on shocked and displayed. On the Elydor Hosen. Maris Grecia's got 10, Miss Matt Fudge's got only seven. Gloria Stephon seven, that's a good match. Kassmas Macho, Matt Fudge or Gloria Stephon, nope, nope, contest. J. Fieler's got five. J. Fieler's got three. J. Fremmer got a pair. Mickey Harrison won and Dwight Lauderdale's got one. Somebody out there had a stick at the poor Dwight. Come in to QAM. Fight your back. There he is. I'm interesting, but line six, it's always him. How does he do that? It's the matcha line. Is that the Magi line? Come in to QAM. Neil, I got someone for your poll. Yes? I see him in. I see him in. He isn't old ass. So I will put him on there, but he's so pathetic. I mean, I don't think he could handle it. I think just a trip up to the state line. That would be the end of him. Tell us. Tell us. I'll get some damn votes. OK. Thank you. You got it. I see him in. Funny that he all likes demons. Who's always sucking around sucking out Mickey Harrison's ass. And I always tell you, you're at idiot. I, the fact that they keep, you know, dusting off the mothballs and dragging him out of the broom closet is so sad on NBC six, you know? Joe Rose is the other sentence to the Nether world. That's what he said. So I wasn't quite sure where that is, but the Nether lands come on show what is. I mean, I know the metal lands. You know that. Yeah, but not the Nether lands. Joe needs to get out a little bit more. See the only problem is he has a tough time at customs with that big head. A lot of times they tell him to check it. He could smuggle a lot in there. Oh, you can, you would just imagine, wow, just inside the left ear. WQA in. Hey, Liam. Yes, sir. Hey, he's still doing the pole for a room. So I'll get fired from you, Adam. Go ahead, give us this suggestion. I thought we already finished up. Go ahead. Oh, I got the correct answer. I got the correct answer. Tag man. Who the, who is it? What a giveaway. Oh, I, I, I'll Carlos. Yeah, freaking Carlos. Now he must have all the naked pictures of Greg with screw-in and with Philips and with the certain other one. He must have those naked pictures from over the years. What other reason could there? Or maybe he's got the pictures of a kid curry and Anna Squeak. Those intimate pictures and album. Five, six tell me. Maybe he's got the pictures with Joe Costello and what's your name? What's your personal friend, Beau Griffin? In that fist fight. Oh, I'm so sorry. I missed that. That's one of the few things that I feel I really missed out on by not being there. Most of the time, which usually lights me. Well, I wasn't in the room, but I wish I had been. Who the hell are you? And who you talking to? The few is some piece of work. By the way, we ought to talk about her little, but you know, Bob Beau, but I guess not. Well, we better not. All right. Now, she's the kind of brother that'll come back and you know, like, start suing everybody. She's just, yeah, you're right. Just that, just that. Butch. 21 till 2 at 5, 60, WCM 2, clock means the Jim Mad Dog Manage show. I'll be in rare form today because the regular season now. All the four plates gone. All those meaningless exhibition games. And I know he said and everybody else says, we'll be glad when it's over and it is. It's done. Finito, baby. Now the real guys, the real man will put on the job straps, except the course that often game because they play a girls team. So it'll be the real dolphins against the real little girls. Houston on Sunday. But he's all whipped up in part up. And the only thing course he's wishing is that bills in for would come back. Oh, I hate you. We're supposed to be in five seats. Oh, you, a M. On the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority, Neil Gaugh. Five, 60, WQA, presents the Joe and Bo Joe. starring Joe Castello and Bo Griffith. In day, goal 567, 0560, mobile users dialed down five 60 to max Joe and Bo. Call 3056019. Now, here's Joe and Bo. Well, I never thought I'd find the kind of rad that I've been through the round face today. Wait, wait, wait. What the hell? Now, what do you think you do to me? Why do you get Joe and Bo? What do you do to me? Why do you get Joe and Bo? What do you do to me? Why are you doing like a bunch of things? You said it. I didn't say what? I said, you said that word not me. I said it. Stop it, go for nothing. What is your problem? I'm problem, B.U. You, why? I'll get getting bastard U. That don't you be looking at me. Don't you be looking at me, honey. Don't you be looking at me, honey. Don't you be looking at me. Don't you be looking at me. You just never got over Cleo's stealing your gig. What do you say? You heard me. What do you say? I said, you don't know who I am. I am! I am so great! Bull Griffin! I have you know I carry a lot of weight around here. Yeah, you carry it around here and around here and around here. I want to know what hook it has, fire it's on. Go! Great! Get your weight, you should hit him! Right now! Right now! Explain what's going on. He takes the last rules B, that would be in the lunch room. Then, then, he goes ripping my black ass home to hell! All right, all right, I'm going to kill him! Come down! I'm going to kill you! Everybody's standing! Stay in the back! We'll be careful with that! I'm going to kill him! Oh, no! 145, maybe Poe has spent in her spare time in the Netherlands. She probably have a good time over there, you know what all those... Yeah, what? Anyway, Jane, what a ride! One of our regular, uh, taxes and forlaterdills is it's a story about a ride, but I don't really understand it. Well, I mean, I do understand it because, but at the end, there's a sentence here about rats, are one of the few animals love humans that have benefited from human screwing up the planet. Oh, yeah. Do you understand that? Absolutely, they have thrived because of us. Why see they love humans because they've benefited from muskware. I, it's, or whatever. Okay, thank you, Jane. It's a story about who I'm finding a ride coming up the old toilet at the old bull. Yeah. Five, six out of the way. I don't want to hear about that, no mole. Okay, no mole, no more randories. Grosses me out. Maus don't bother me. I know, in fact, Trist Radford was telling me, speaking of Troy the boy. He was saying to me, even like a little Maus who gets all freaked out. And that's pretty, that's, you gotta be a real pussy. I think Dark Pokesk it freaked out by a rodents, you know what? And spiders and snakes. All of these things. 153 votes for OJ two bad, all of those things didn't cross the path of Nicole and Ron that night, and Chase's awful murdering ass away. They'd still be here today, maybe. OJ 153 and Kaur 67, but they despise that bitch and then rightfully so. Right wing slut. Howard David had 66 continuous following right with his nose on her ass. Alex Pinga, percane 33, mirroring element of elephant 26, weighing high pingo 20. Reverend Kennedy's moved into a double digit 18, who's they con soco 17, Ricky Tickie Sanchez, out of sight out of mind 17. And also in double digits, Gloria Stephon and Maris Greasy, as 11, I'd like to see the two of them together. And Amy Manajad Dur. WQAM, the bizarre line, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. John Kagel, I was just wondering if you were talking about plasma TV's little earlier. And I was wondering if anybody out there knows what the deal is with eBay on those plasma's. You can negotiate a plasma TV from $2,000 for the same thing that cost 10,000 in the stores. Right. And it's reef preshipping and they pay the, there's it's all warranty did everything. And I was negotiating with two of them with the 50th and Chessoni, and one with a number of people who are bidding on eBay, no, no. I wasn't going to buy it outright. I see. And that was $2000 for the pioneer in the same exact thing, sales for $9,000 over the figures. Wow. And the same thing with the 50 inch Sony television. And I was just wondering if that's a rip off or what? It does sell off the truck. party. Scratch and send sale. No, they say it's brand new in the box never opened. Well, I think you were, you test it out and we'll let us know how you make out. Well, I'm going to, I don't know. The other problem is is you negotiate with them and they're both of them, the two that I negotiate with. Yeah. One is initially and one is in Germany. Like I said, forget about it. We're going to the street in this words, forget about it. The other thing that I wanted to tell you, years ago in 1997, you're the responsible for me driving more Corvette. Oh, right. That's one of my magnificent choice. In 1997, you were talking about him and I was ready to get rid of my little cat-elect that I had and I went out and I brought one up and suffered for it. I still have it. It's brand new, sitting in my garage. Greatest thing ever invented. And I love it. I'll take care of you. I'll take care of you. Have a great weekend. Thank you. Thanks. Don't do that eBay thing. You're coming from Germany and from Italy. Well, later I've been out piece by piece. Right, he's been a good. Sooner or later. 560, 0.50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 80, 80 and 10. Verizon Wireless Line. Big sports weekend coming up, man. Wow, can you smell the pressure or what? Especially on this radio station, man. Where we're not, we're not just in the world of SESSAWID. SQUATS! I want to blame Terrence for that whole Scott Junior episode. I don't want to get out of here for the weekend before I really just rip him in an ass. Okay. No, seriously, it's his fault. Yeah. I mean, it's nice to get by paycheck on time since that's the only reason I'm really here. But we just needed somebody. He was not, you know, but he's not, he's just let it ride. You know, it's not satisfactory. It's unacceptable in this place really to let somebody just drop the balls. That's what the B-SET. He dropped the balls right on the floor. Not good, Terrence. Butch up a little bit sweetheart. I know in your case it ain't easy, but give it a shot. Dickie. WQ, WQ, WAM. Oh, yes sir. Yeah, respond to the guy about the eBay TV. Right? James start to palp TV. It's a one? Pal, it's a poster. Well, that's right. It's the pal format because it's in your vets at good point and he won't be able to watch it. There you go. Thanks, pal. That's not. Felicia, he's like, great. You're breaking up. Probably got a pal phone. I didn't know there was such a thing as a pal format TV. You know, I had that beautiful TV that low TV and answered in, but that's a great set. Yeah. But I didn't know that the TVs are like an F format. I know that the VCRs are. Huh? I don't know anything about it. Yeah, you do because you know that I have a VCR that's like both. It goes both ways. They see a DC. Oh, but I mean like you. I didn't know that the TVs were out. I don't know. I don't know. But did anybody that probably been about 100 pieces? Not a word. Don't do it. We're begging you. Don't do it pal. You're a young guy. You got your whole life ahead of you. I know. It's just a 20-year-old face to 20. Why do you best it? First it was a hit on MGD. Then a number one movie. Now it's coming to Broadway. It's Jackass, the Musical starring Johnny Knoxville. Hello. Johnny, spread your cheeks. Johnny, it's so fun to come to right there in the boots. Yes, all those risky stunts. Have them combined with fabulous showtunes to create Jackass, the Musical. Wow. The music. The dancing. The guy eating a yellow snowcoat. It was better than cats. 76 dumb guys. Pac-Yum-O-O-Pars. 76 eyed. It's phasomeness. Don't miss Jackass the Musical. With all your favorite Jackass's on stage, singing torch songs, then setting their hair on fire with them. I'm Steve O. I'm just breaking local. I'm hurting myself to it. A great white way has just turned black and blue. Thanks to Jackass, the Musical. 556WQM, you'll be amazed when I announce to you. Okay. That I am fully clued. Wow. I have on my shirt my pantalones, my socks, my shoes. My hair is brushed neatly. I have all of my spritzes under my arm. I'm on my list. Good. Thanks for not telling me the silver. For me, I look good considering the best it's I can do. Yeah. In other words, when it comes to a clock, I'm ready to fly out that door. In fact, you'll be able to hear me sing in all the way down there. I am truly a loser now. But I remember when nine bars are lies. And you know something else I'll bring in my phone right now. Can you hear it? Hold the pant here. Hold the bottom. Real comedians, man. Trust me what I tell you. I am truly a loser now. Okay. Just come down back in the box. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon, wireless line WQAM. I think you know how you doing. Pretty good? Well, got to kind of call for a while. You'd be instead of my friend in the Reapest customer. And here's how it's supposed to work from your right now. I can barely hear this call or a McGill. How about now? Much better. All right. You've been set up a little bit. It's called a repetitive business. The way it's supposed to work. When it comes to your inspection, you're from the Goa Man look for the dropping on a black light. You look for the urine track. Seal your house. Then you can use the peanut butter in the trap. When they put the peanut butter in the trap, first, right in the trap, then you'll seal your house and then no catch the ones that are in there. But then they're going to find the way back in there because they know where that peanut butter was. And you're going to have to call them back again and do the thing. Over and over again. How are they going to get back in there if they really seal up right? No, fine the way. Don't take whole ridges of your concrete. They go through concrete. They go through concrete. And they do as they seal your house with that foaming agent like that one collar said. And then eventually they'll eat right through that. They will be giving it and they'll eat right through that. They'll eat this insulation and the airing is things up. They'll try a little bit of way. Right back to where they knew that snow was. I think it's time to call in the rat patrol myself. Second, for your poor, I've been trying to get through to. I don't know his name. I think it'll rival. Who is that tube in the attorney and in Miami? It's called Lobin's Problem with the Green Tea Geno. The Modesaule Sanchez. Ramona, Saul Sanchez. He needs to get that and get it out for them. Yeah, he needs to get back to those beautiful hotels in Ivana. And for your poor, Jose Casico Lizard Tampa and Wife and Kittard Lizard Miami. Okay. He's got a house there though. Yeah, his wife has a house there. And he's constantly in jail there. But okay, I have a great day, pal. We're getting him out. When in Dove, toro, him out. And he's got a street in there from somewhere in Miami, Lake's just someplace. A Florida court park. Big place. It's where? In Florida, of Coral Park, high school. Wow, he's in there. And then that embarrassing one. What a great role model for the kids there. A cropped park high school. Wow. Oh, of course if they were getting any trouble, he can always protect him with his piece. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pond. That thing would have a guy talking about the raskin man. Then it sounded promising to that. No, I know what he was talking about. They can see all your house first. Then they put the bait. Did you see? Did you see? He was in the house. He was in the house. I don't see that cruise bound on Oceo house. Oh, he hasn't hit. Yeah. Now, what were you going to say is very important. I'm sorry. He made a good voice that I hadn't thought of before. If you don't see the house up first and then put the traps on there, then you have the situation that you have right now that you're just drawing in rats from the hood. Like you've been saying it. Yeah, but he's saying that even in other words, after we're once they put the peanut put it in there, we're going to smell it. Even after they take the traps out, they might as well as possible. It's possible. Or he's going to remember where the peanut butter was. I don't think they're that smart. That's why I'm even smarter than most of our salespeople. I prefer to defer to experts. Do you mean the experts that are like charging me per rat that they killed? The ones that don't. Oh, by the way, is our friends at ATM? You're probably talking to a handless and I have no problem with that. I think they're the best. I think they're great ATM. I'm just going to turn my management and pest control. Never let me down. Well, I'm just going to give a one more chance because today's today is supposed to be C. Cruising my house. And just really lock everything up real real tight. I don't want to play a bunch of boss and I haven't mentioned him on a year before. Maybe I did just in passing. I was caught with a big critter, which isn't a real name anyway. I like the critters. I like to see all those critters. Could be some people in my who would like to have them for lunch. And you can have them. No charge. Thank you. Okay. Well, we'll see Monday will give you a report. Find out what that happens in my attic. Jesus. God, all my. Something to Florida. Man, if I need to boofo toads is the rats. Right? Right. I mean, so we got a little mad cow up here. And we have a little SARS problem and a little West Nile virus. And we had the attainted beef. And we have the electric power outage. You know, there's no place to run. No place to hide. You know what I'm talking about? No. What are you talking about? I'm talking about the eight. No real paradise. The mad dogs coming along. Mess two to four. He's going to be whipped up into my friends. He and anticipation of this season. And on Sunday, in a course in anticipation to have it work with the mole monster, the humper from the Crystal Palace and Bahamas at full. Bye. Bye. I'm going to go watch your show. I'm five six. I'm going to do it. I'm going to go watch your show. I'm five six. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it.