It's about time he's in Miami. He's doing all week his vacations over the parties over Neil. So anyway the, no it's not. No it's not. The first of which is my feeling ever to love his mixed doubles partner is in hospital right now he's suffering from a parasite. The city has tapeworm in his system. Yeah. And that's our luck. Welcome to this overhead is so goddamn loud. What is this crap in here? I'm going back to a good studio. I play heavy metal music. I'm not talking about your crap. I'm talking about my in here these speakers. Is there enough people in that room for you? This thing is a piece of turg man. You can smell it. They thought it was going to piece that I smelled in the parking lot. Oh yeah that was better now. Here's the last story. That was good this morning. I pull up in a parking lot and there's Moan Kelly. The welcoming the reception committee. Yeah they were just. I thought that was the biggest made. My day is made. No, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And it was still picking Dingo Buries out of his house. I think he, he flicked a couple of my vets. So whoever's Corvette down there, they're beautiful, convertible. Fenty thought that was mighty flick Dingo Buries on your convertible top. Yeah that's some other guy from sales. Is it? I don't know who's it is. We can't figure out who's it is. I can't believe we got somebody who would good enough taste the owner of that although don't get a convertible because the tops right out down here in case you haven't noticed. You know what I had? I told you that you haven't been to the goalie. You remember the goalie, Norman Maracley was awful. He had a miracle. Yeah, and you're real. Yeah, but he made a save it was a miracle. Yeah, he had a Corvette with a letter top. And we got back from a road trip one day and somebody had sliced up in the roof. How about that Kojo? How's getting hey, what he deserves? How did he get injured? There's sliced in him and asked with a ball-peen hammer. There is nothing quite like going to a hockey game in Toronto every night. It's an event. There's nothing like being in Toronto every day is an event. But here. There's no events. In fact, being all the years have taken their tool on screw-in. The whole sales department was lined up to give me that phony, meat, and greeting, and eating in the craftmen of the go. What the hell happened to that bitch? I don't know. Seriously, have you seen her lately? Yeah, she's just tired. She has aged about 100 years. Oh my god, if you sit at her, she may break down and go into a rubber room. No, seriously. No, this is in my right George. I think the best thing you had here, I was here in June and since June, you're on many years she's aged. But third man, she's in the, I think you're looking like a Portuguese washer woman. She looks so. You're a beautiful statue of the like a scrum. I'm a building. Listen, statues. I will pay for it. I'll pay a thousand dollars. I'm a jokein. I will pay a thousand dollars if they're willing. This company's one of the bill for a stack. If I'm out for the bill to build a statue out in front of the building for you. I love that. I'm serious. I want to be in a court as you know that the five sharing men and I heard you suck it up to modus. Why don't you have any stuff respected all? He's not going to do anything for you besides stabbing a back. I eat free. Okay. Now that we got numbers, now that we got numbers, Howard, and he's going right along sucking your ass. Who then you guys can? He's got great numbers. Yeah, he's got a one and you got a nine. Yeah. No, seriously. You do realize that I totally the sun Thursday. There's 10 points in there. Okay. Yeah. There's 10 points. You're number one. Because you'll listen to me. It's a five. Well, if I would have been here the whole time we'd had a 12-year, but George did okay. Good. So you know that is because they had a seven point eight year in the afternoon and June. July, whatever hell it was. The hammer's just huge. He was never on. Oh, you know who the secret weapon is, don't you? Yeah, there he goes. He's got a two years. He's the guy in a play. He's a constant superstar who came with an ace of neither a plane crash. Anyway. So there's 10 points in there. You divided by two, the six to eight and the eight to ten, and you get the five year. So you got a two and he's I got to do this now. What is this scientific method? It's between six and ten. A M there's a five in men in July, which is what you guys have. In order to figure out, you're you're you deal with two to our segments. So you double the five to a ten to then you divide. You see what I'm saying? Yeah, average the average of the exactly very good. It's about time you did something good. So you're saying. So in other words, you have a nine and he's got a one. That is sweet. I just what I'm thinking. You know, I'm just making it up. I'm just wishing and praying and hoping so that October 15 when a summer book comes out and you got like about a seven. Yeah, in six to ten. That means it's 14 points. I mean, you got a 12 and he's got a two. He's got a 12. We'll have an 18 and the afternoon will have like a 15. The highest ever got in my career was in Philly on why I'd be at an 11 share at that 10 to 11. 11 five on WNWN WS. Many years ago at night. What's the idea? What's your career? Because you've been number one like a hundred and eight was a hundred and the one WS news. I had a listen to this on WINZ 10 to two back when I started doing this kind of talk. Yeah. I had a nine share in 12 plus 12 plus way to nine share and all the other demos were like 14s and 16s and 18s. Yeah. That's unbelievable. But that was on a real and I scored people during the cheap channel. Yeah. That's a station. We had a nine share in 12 plus. Now they've done an infraction. I got a lot of nothing. I offered in the world to do this show up against hammer three to seven. Yeah. The ball's the higher. I mean, what do you think he thinks of me now? Screw him. You're like the guy that I've been from him. What are you? How many problems? Come down. Can you don't know him? That's right. Oh, you're so full or crap. You don't have any problems with anybody. I'm glad I don't know him. I don't want problems. You're coming to me. You want this one dead. You want your Corvette. And I want everyone else. That line is you suck everybody's ass. I want him. That lets you. I can you have anyone who's like a new person. I want to tell you what you got to play together. I can make my own team. Or a good guy. Okay. I hope you write this here. I haven't forgotten since the thing. I've been talking and keep talking and keep talking and keep talking matter. I could talk and too. In fact, if you listen to your left speaker, you'll hear me in the right. Speaking, you're all here for a while. That's what it works. Second, bleeding ulcer. Oh, and I made a premature evaluation. Speaking of the vacation party's over. After Labor Day is when we stopped playing the bits are between one and two. Today we are still doing that. I did that. It's great. It's good. How many calls did you have in your two hours today? About three? I had about 30 minutes. Get out of here. I didn't know walked in the other room. There wasn't a single column of people. I had the first call I heard this morning coming to work with Moe was one. One and they're desperate to try to get his ass off the air. The whole call was spent trying all your terrible one. Good. Go away. You know, because you won't hang up on them because he's a pretty long time. I took about 75 calls today for people that want me dead in New York. Yeah. That's about it. I'm never worried about that. So I don't need colors to get off. So do you know where outscrew Anne or what is that what it is? I think she's looking at me. You must have done her up against the wall and that sales or office for hours. She looks like she's just the green. I think she wants you to look like a wreck. I think she knows I got a damn scrub woman. She looks like she ought to be scrubbing the floor in the turlet here. She wants to do me. Oh my god. I can't believe where you're shooting. If you do anybody including her friend. Oh god. And now she's got some sick living with her. Do you know right foster? I never used to play for that often. I think he's done gay. Do you remember to write foster? What? Yeah. No, I don't. You don't? I don't know what that is. Oh my god. He's got a big strong. That's why he worked here. I guess you didn't take any notes of that meeting last week. Mr. At that sexual hole. I didn't. And the beast. A midget bridge it. Stripping a touchy's hand. I want to tell you something for Gregory to be conducting a meeting on sexual harassment and a workplace would be like eight off Hitler conducting a meeting about anti semitism. You know what are we talking about? Welcome back to my evening. You'll have a nice day. You two Scott stay away from my back. Listening. Well congratulations. Get a life. There's only a little bit of a priest when I was living. He said he would take my soul. But we made a detour on the way to heaven. Then into his bedroom we did take a stroll. While he was standing in his underwear, told me to bend over and say a prayer. Both up his road and when they thank you to him, I got my list of better preacher may have been a little wrecked to read. The next day, I feel like a sinner. And I showed up to get communion. But on my tongue that was in a wait for him and it was a while of dripping on my chin. Work work. He was standing in his underwear, told me to bend over and say a prayer. Both up his road and when they thank you man. I got my list of better preacher may have been a little wrecked to read. Welcome. He was standing in his underwear, told me to bend over and say a prayer. Both up his road and when they thank you man. I got my list of better preacher may have been a little wrecked to read. 10 past 10 is break time at 5.60. That's a good scam. We got going across over with Scott, you know. That's a good deal. It's already time for the break. Yeah, let's go. And I haven't even said hello yet. It's your nice to be back. Is this place suck or oh my god. And you're right. There's something they came in here. Everything's wrong. They dicked up this studio. But a weekend for the sake of the guy named ball game. Well, this is ball game radio. They don't care about this. Show we got these gigantic numbers. They're all in here sucking my ass. Oh, gee. Congratulations. Now you did it again. All of a sudden, bull crap. And at the meantime, they have no respect for these studios. That's why I'm going back to Toronto right now. See ya. This is acceptable. It's a tinny your buddy right. The levels are the levels are nightmare because they come in here over the weekend and remember all the lies they told us six years ago. Oh, yeah, that's going to be the knee or Rogers studio and nothing else in there. And we're muffless. It's right now where she's sitting in the other room. That was going to be the production studio right now. We're going to run a ball game studio. Anything in there? No, just muff. Let's win that. That was a great time in Chicago by the way. Also, I agree with me that this place blows 1284 votes on Georgia's pull over the weekend. Good pull by the way. I like that pulse about time. It was easy. Was it was a VH one was doing the I love the 70s business. Boy, sure was nice seeing the sales department in here this morning. All lined up to suck my butt. Man, it were picking Dingleberries out of parts of my body that haven't been discovered in years. And square. And I'm serious. She looks like a death boil over. And who is that girlfriend of her? She brought in here. Who's that? I don't know. Please turn that late age turn. You know, you know, how those old bag. I mean, those noise. Oh, I don't. It's exploited to me. Yeah, well, a lot of moved to Holland. They like plug up the dice. If you catch my drift. 12 minutes past 10 at 560 WQA. I'm here in South Florida. And steamy stuff. Florida where it's hot. It's raining and it's I got the critters in the attic again. I think I got a family of either like possums or cones in my attic. Yeah. Or a mixed marriage of possum and food. If you think you could be a possum and a cone. Hey, if you're on the atkins died and your desperate to lose that weight when you go into the supermarket. By the way, hi to my friends at publics. I saw some of our listeners in New York. Yesterday morning. Wasn't too exciting. But no, there was a nice people in there. But anyway, the lights is the number one low carb sugar free store in South Florida because in publics and you're other supermarkets, they got your meat and your cheese and your seafood and that's about it. Everything else is loaded with carbohydrates, but it delights. They've got over 900 low carb sugar free products in stock and they're introducing new ones all the time. Try the new low carb instant cup of soup. What do you do is add water and pop it in the microwave. It's a low carb meal in a cup and for delicious flavors. Be sure and try the simply delicious low carb muffins for quick breakfast. Try your own individual size cheesecake. Two days at low carb hot cocoa. Low carb apple cider blondies brownies and low carb pasta sauces, dressings, chips, chocolate, taste and their famous carbolite ice cream too. Now it's Judy's low carb peanut brittle with unbelievably great taste. Carbourite-rated green chocolate and vanilla shakes. It's a low carb meal in a can. And at last chocolate, crisp and chocolate mint bars would no more to tell. Keep your off the can all day. I've been back in town for two days and guess what I got already. IBS. I'm serious. I had I had floaters in that bull this morning. You could have built an apartment complex. The lights is uh don't forget all the add can. I'm serious. That two days in this town I'm floating over here. All the add can's brands products around sale all day every day. It delights a rope in daily 10 to 10 and you'll fly to Mammonote's Coral of Glades Road and 441 Red Next to Boston Market. Call them toll free. One, 877 low carb or shelf among the web at low carb.com. The lights a Westbokema make no-zmasteca boated. It's your official license. I don't know if my own face on broken radish for full base I don't know why they hate me Oh my day always raining It must be cause I thank you for your great support for full base On my arm like a reenact now we map a locker one I got beans on my nose and nobody knows that under my clothes I wear pantyhors But that's not mean that I'm gay If you think my arms have had you wanna see my legs I might as well keep on smoothing, shave the shoulder to glass The next time I'm raking it I can go to a surgeon But that's his British Givis I wouldn't want the walk now looking like Jordan Ridders Where am I here? I might as well be the fat little free I did a my favorite now again before the heat The reason I dismiss that stick and fat bastard Because he wouldn't shove them And he can't play contestant Hey somebody go over there Nobody talk from my rap I rap to Nework Like look at me I'm a pig I ain't no square I'm a thing done, daddy man I'm really dead I ain't gay or anyone I want I don't care But if they make me flip my wig made as smelly green hair I get pided myself and even happens to their grapes Westwin would send you get out of here Or else we break your legs So now I sit by the pool Life says good isn't get it With my paladin cocktail Placing bets on the gents Paradise Paradise And I guess nobody's handsome Paradise I'll be sure to let the screw kids when I get the jails But the cleavis aren't ready with my line green pants I won't hesitate Kelly calling them like it was just a little fox So what I let this day That's funny when I know what's funny I can do what I want But the man is with loves me Get a telly of something mo- Something you ought to know But a loiter's time I want to do to be my home Oh, who am I to tell? No, I am great No, no Who? Who's the one? You don't take no for an answer It's about me But it's not you It's your man And I'll be in the house I'm going to go to the door I'm going to go to the door I'm going to go to the door I'm going to go to the door I'm going to go to the door I'm going to go to the door I'm going to go to the door Yeah, not my deus made No, they're seeing you No, blah, blah, blah, blah Blow it out your ass, mo And he did He did Let's check out and see how this sounds Okay, then we'll know You're right This money in here It's awful And of course one of the things I see this morning on the hallway There's George Corso arch Chief of Mangler-engineer And he's weed a little whole bunch of stuff down the hallway Oh, we're going digital Right This station How do we get those numbers? Seriously, how do we get those numbers? Yeah, we're holding it I've got a big digit for you Okay, Corso, you idiot I get in the car this morning at the house And I'm listening to Mo In one And the signal is like Oh Oh Hey, that's what I heard How do we get anybody Listen to the station Huh? We have got to have the worst signal in the history mankind Now let's test it. Let's check the equipment I listen carefully now Is that 80? Is that 80? How that sound? Pretty low level too Everything here is low and is art Huh? Is that 80? Is that 80? No Even Cecil Cruz and sound it to good today And this is real money in here Do you think it's the mic? It could be Maybe Maybe because you were on there We're trying to like the fruit the microphone Because you have that fruity sound, you know When you're in here Okay, not as much as I'll see when you're in there not as bad a little bit But in the here we sound real fruity so maybe that's trying to phone that microphone's got one of those little Dips which is on the top of it. It's got a dip spit on it For a poor screw in man. I don't think she's long for this world. She looked really bad all those Dallions as if hers would Roooooo Everybody else they're starting to catch up with her as you know We're in tear. Oh, yeah, we're in tear like old tires, you know I don't think there's too much tread left on that bitch. Do you? No, no tread on her How to lay now Oh, man Don't tread on her in a course. You remember that thing with a symbol with all the snakes and everything I think there's something symbolic about that Roooooooyy But anyway screw in now. Seriously am I wrong? You saw her. I know you want to say too much because you have to see her all the time She looks like death boiled over. She looks the same as I know she is No, I don't think I'm gonna be fair for her hair is like all matted down like uh Oh man she looks skinny and scabby and skanky. Oh, uh make it effort to take I never thought I'd see that day when she looked as bad as she smelled I mean she really is nasty but anyway, so an ass speaking an assy sales holes They're all lined up there to give me the big greeting this morning. Hey, it's so good to see you all I crap you know also in sincere including Todd Drek and Obvick and herbs is coming on here by the way good. Who? From Rochester they open up in here Don't remember we had the call just a few days ago by Vic and herbs Did I know that they're here in yaddi adion or was it Adam bugger about the huh? No Anyway, so fat boy comes whaddling in here just to show that nothing has changed to a cute way me comes Waddling in his uh cane on his a man on a cane who has nearly died a whole bunch of times because he's so fat and the first thing he says to me is I'll be side that even before that Did you get those ribs from Tony wrong was out there? I heard you tell him and he's pushing food again And then Todd Drek has give me what do you want food from it Vic and herbs? No, I don't want any food from anybody. I had how he's bacon. That's all I'm eating in here all week This starting right it wasn't even like 9 30 yet. Not ready to their starting in old you want this right? No Then I make that very clear last week. Yeah, that always works I'm not eating any food to make you assholes happy. Okay. Yeah, what about a and fat boy? Yeah Yeah, you can be danger that any of the ribs that I didn't eat that he shoveled down including the bone But he just sucks it down. I am palied. Shmuck He's a sick person. He is absolutely got the illness. He's got the disease. He's a professionally fat person Who ought to be in a problem institutionalized in a rubber room before we put him in the pine box in the in a piano case He's a case Now look at that we got a call on there. I'm not really is it not really a call? I don't think it is Here's our call Hola When is the S Yeah, you're right. It was somebody now they were diddling around to get in breakfasts or something like that Well, no, we're gonna get a lot of calls people saying hey, welcome back Neil and the sure next time you're back in town briefly Aren't we sure no, we're not I I was monitoring for else phone out there for he was on for two hours He had about three calls and I also want to say this. What is this under is this oisie? Because the buttons here are not updated and the ccs this is this two deals unacceptable This is not fit for prime time or anytime Don't answer the phone let me do it. Let me do the you have to do that you're under a lot of pressure in there What was buttons and everything? What a try what up no, don't I don't do it not a good idea anything. Oh, it doesn't do anything That just ah damn it they just stuck a minute here just to get us nervous again They're taking a bus on asshole. We have their big and black out. No square Oh, yeah 567. Oh 560. Let me give you the results of George's pull, but let's get a real call on here for wqam Yes, sir, all welcome back. Thanks so much Not funny enough That's funny. Oh, so looking though. He's kind of funny looking Yeah, I like one Okay, thanks. Yeah, I wasn't real call yet nothing to say just suck my ass and rip you a little bit which is part of the course on issue. That's all we do So kneels as ripped George a little bit and then I have a nice day, right? That's that's all I can do here Don't you understand? Oh, I do that's your level About 1284 votes on the pull from my Friday What did you like most about the 70s George axed these sexual promiscuity 358 number one that of course is Audience finally gets one right. They got their right answer. Although The music was in lead for Wilderness 53 or close second I would agree that that's right The end of the 70s 25 which is probably a bunch of pumps that weren't even born until 82 or something And no idea what it's all about there was nothing wrong with a 70s especially is compared would now Oh baby, oh to go back her neck clock back the drugs 172 all right the toys 42 the toys Yeah, you mean like a feature like stretch arms like all those yeah, give's most the Movies 42 I would agree movies there were great movies in the 70s or the TV 33 There was some pretty interesting crap Oh candy Interesting things and gross the crap yeah the candy 26 the clothing 21 like the belt bottom pants Right the hair the hair 19 I was just gonna say how about to do and the platform shoe runs would do 13 So mostly the sexual promiscuity and the music right about having a lot of The good now this is actually two a case of Gacy in the sunshine band Warrior genus whatever like that Here's the facts from Michelle who says welcome back. I look forward to hear you on a daily basis George was very interesting on his days that's filled with the G he spells with the j-honey But that's okay, we can't even What I wanted to know is if you've watched the reality show of Nick Mamala Lace and that's stupid bitch Why does Jessica Simpson know I have not all you know you they know no I haven't seen it Go on a show you can't escape the promos for it. I haven't seen him. I don't watch him TV right well No, I haven't seen it. Oh and says you got to see a lot of you get to see a lot of Nick without a shirt on and stuff like that I must see all right now we're talking But on the other hand you have to see the wife and the bitch is super stupid and dirty Oh, she's down and dirty. He's a slob apparently Yeah, and he can't stand there because he's a neat because he's a slob That means she's a slot and sput off all her goody two shoes Christian a bull crap I'm gonna talk to that she doesn't know how to do anything for herself not even her laundry and the so stupid Once you read the lap She read the lap for a can of two is saying chicken of the sea the lap label Michelle that's called label she has LAP when she read the lipo she was confused Typeo Michelle made a typo LAP instead of LAB She was confusing them there are chicken in the sea you should catch me on the street because our two days is 10 30 and MTV Well, aren't they're chickens in the sea with lips when you're gonna have to van hits Wednesday at Brandees because I don't trust ordering your stuff online She says an update son beiner boy. No, we're not talking about peanut will anyway she says I would uh it would he I think he's cute. Oh Michelle Michelle How's sad Well, maybe he was cute until he turned into a puddle of oozing cray. He was never cute 10 27 at five 60 W Q mvip sportsboard commas off lotus favorite sportsbook You know who wasn't here? Gary Sarner wasn't here to read me this morning I wonder how many such a good mood. Let's keep it that way VIP sportsbook dot comes been here for years You know this time of the year all the sportsbooks start claiming that the biggest or the best make-off kind of misleading offers But did you know the 99% of these bookies are located in the jungles of Costa Rica this year move up and clash to VIP sportsbook dot com VIP sportsbook dot com's the oldest the biggest sportsbook in the Netherlands first world integrity and English speaking I'll still believe 100% legal and license to VIP sportsbook dot com is south Florida sports books So sign up before the NFL regular season and you can bet on all south Florida teams use free all year long You want to bet on the dolphins it takes a hundred to one hundred you want to bet on the hercunes It's a hundred to one hundred so forget about it. We're having delay 110 to one hundred on your home teams All set preseason sonups get a twenty percent cash bonus not some funny money match play bonus either VIP sportsbook dot com sign up online or Call them at toll free one eight six six VIP bets that phone again is one eight six six VIP bets for VIP Sportsbook dot com where you be the VIP 60 2 a The naked all before you get started. What is that smell? That's my new clone it smells like onion dip. What is it? That's onion dip clone that explains it. I guess that's right Next question, you know, there's all the speculation that you will all up please you know There was all that speculation that you weren't going to run. I know I fool the whole world What changed your mind what mind what changed your decision to run for governor? The decisions are easy to make when you are informed what does that mean? It's onion dip clone. No, I don't mean about the clone. I mean what did that statement mean? Right next question. What is I go to sacramental? I will pump up sacramental. What how exactly are you going to do that? I'm going to pump it up how by pumping But this is a government. This isn't a gym No pumping Speaking of pumping there've been some allegations that you have All set straight half of where you tread small report to man whether they're been reports that you have straight in your Straight you straight it's onions if clone. It's very nice. Thank you. I'm going to pump up sacramental is the governor I would be the best governor of California since you would hom free He were hungry was never the governor of California exactly It's onion dip clone 1033 and 560 he's 13 points behind boost a month And they haven't even come out with a big scandal about all his dilly delling Adonances his pecker dillose. Yep. That's coming out any day and about the effect that is was his father or grandpa? I was an Aussie. Thanks raps. Was it? It's on our website today if you want to go to me or i'm just not come you can also order your best of stuff Which so far I got to be honest with it's pretty slow. That's because nobody's been in town Right no bad now It's not sound better because the overheads is getting progressively worse. This is becoming run as in lower because I can No, no, I'm just saying it's like it's tinny. It's like I'm in a Stay right huh? I didn't write did any right? Whatever you didn't hear course or whoever else is dicking with a studio over the weekend man You can take that those dolphin broadcast and stuff them up mosaics, okay? For today only every time that you come out of a A break into a new segment the microphone will sound different We'll just keep playing with it. Yeah. We'll just keep dealing with it. No, it doesn't sound right and I always tell you that when I come back You're right and you think it's my imagination but not your Yeah, no, no, seriously, this is bad we apologize folks. I'll leave probably can't hear it anyway There's the QM signal. It's gonna be digital wow Digital puking just think of the snaps and pops Oh my god, it's gonna be late. You're gonna think that there's cereal look Oh, the popping right in your goddamn radio. Yeah, they're gonna think they got rice crisps Right in the previous radio world hot cereal 4770 dollars and 15 cents for abandoned per rescue on a best-emiel CDs and the emoe Howard David of keychain so far Yeah, that's what I say that's pretty lame. That's weak We're gonna raise a hundred thousand dollars this year by hook or by crook. Okay. I'm I'm cereal about that Oh, you know something you know why this is off though George what why cuz it doesn't include my 10 grand in there that kicked a whole thing off. There you go, right? Right? Well, let's say that on there. I live it officially like three solid weeks Oh, but I'm just saying let's put the one in there right now and make sure you feel better about it Because that's part of the whole ambiance of the thing right and remember the olden days They were in uh we had the record source we had totals coming in from five different points right and I'm gonna depend mainly on Miguel who's back from his uh honey moon this weekend and looks like hell warmed over He looks like him. He's been doing scran instead of his wife No, seriously, he admitted and it takes a big man to admit it and he admitted that he's just about swooned during the Wester money and his knees buckle and he was like He talked to Chupa Cabra was gonna come to the house. I don't know what the story was Apparently the the Grumes and the best man and everything were all huddled around him in case you should fall one way or the other Oh, I don't understand that what is that all about is I guess is really a pussy is what it is huh? Yeah, but he talks about game mr. Macho mr. Cubani Simo, you know, but he's a real pussy Right, but he admits it Does he this guy those kind of balls anyway So 14,770 and 15 and the first of our vans hits would Miguel will be Wednesday. That's why I dragged him into it At Brandy's we don't know what time yet, but a brandy shoes in Palpato Beach is gonna be the first opportunity You'll have to go out there and find a best meal 2002 2003 which I'm gonna give you some of the things since Eric didn't but I know I asked me to do it a wonderful job on the stories Thanks mainly to me, but we don't have the list of the bits on her yet And we got the more hard day of it and keychain. We got the coffee mugs and the t-shirts Which nobody will buy those anyway, but but we got him on here near Rogers dot convict nor did it right on your website Best of meal 2002 and 2003 because we didn't come out with this last year unfortunately because we got a lot of really lazy Do nothing people around here Invade my hold and I just on here in Rikai. I love that. Oh, you see yet as more removed. Yeah And there was a little bit of blood and he was swooning like uh maybe it's just a Hispanic thing I thought that was the magic mole. I thought that's where all his tongue. Miguel was swooning what talent Miguel was swooning at his wedding and in Rikai was swooning at his amol removal That he keep it and it job that's what Greg would like to have here a QM a mole removal I'm a lesbian is on there Ben's my god. We got Mickey and Eisner. We got some of those not enough though I see we only got a pair of those really really long I see I We got a popper win free a fan asked Rosie which is one of my favorites sport which is not in the cs by the way Oh, no, this is unacceptable. This is not I may have to get on a plane like a dare to go back That this is this is bush league what we got here. I got 700 bits in there I got all the bokeh brands stuff just about everything he ever did We don't even have the mark Eisenberg laughing here you don't even know where to hell it is I don't know where they got it from they pulled it off of their ace. Oh Christ and if I want to play like one of the moe drops I gotta go in here instead of like right on my button over there You people need to upgrade though you're acting out here. Of course a lot of that had to do with beiner boy You should have seen skipy tell me all about beiner boy. Would a big smile on the attorney or all red in the face about that episode About beiner boy damn near dying on a floor right in there damn near dammit We got the ginger mo go get union here. Mohourden eyes just goes on gaze purple veins the classics Shekira sings other people's hits my name is high high a pali If you can't find Osama bomb your rack. That's one of my favorite there's a good stuff on here Fox news Heather There's Miguel by the way. He's gonna be out there Wednesday at Brandy's around Don't let's keep porked up a little bit. Do you gain some weight or what? I think he's gonna be a fat ass. He's been married for like a couple of days. Always a fat ass Fox news Heather and all the other political ones are the uncensored version so you can hear like the F or an all-like good stuff Oh there it is what's that? Mark Eisenberg's last see how come the girl Where was the one that? Stole oh you're we got it you're slipping man. You're we are slipping. He spent too much time in his room And this this I don't think I can do four hours. It's an angry thing I decided to do one into with the bit still this week After Labor Day will go back to series four hours. Stop and think about it. Joe and Mark two to five how many hours is that? Three okay? Moan guilty five eight how many hours is that? For how eight to ten how many is that two freaking hours man my god a dead man could do that Him and men to try the scam. Yeah, that's right me tend to two four freaking long excruciating hours Mad dog two to four two hours the Humper for and to usually about six thirty when a Marlin's on direct comes on like Tomorrow night right right two and a half hours tops three okay any k talk about a scam any comes on Active the ballgame so if it's an extra in the game. He's unlike from 11 30 one in a morning or two whatever All the last thing on nights that he's he actually does four hours on nights when there's no ballgame He does to that two but other than me and any k so we're getting screwed man too much work on his Too many of these damn shows Tuesday and Thursday was perfect for you have no idea on Seriously that was great for a dot-wing old fool like me. That was perfect I think I think I'm sticking with that. I'm a toothed in Thursday. That's all they're gonna get out of me the screw on Right Mo Get your key chain get your best the kneel and get with it already. Well, yeah, let's go. Let's go. I feel like I'm sitting here I like it's a dry run the things sounds like crap There's nobody in town still because unless you got little kids there's no reason to come back here Two hours after landing it started raining so hard at my house I thought the world was coming to an end. I'll take another day with no power I'll take another 13 hours with no electric and Toronto over what's going on here right now any day I'll trade it even Stephen city. Oh, I'm Tonya without a fan without a fan Well, we got the fan. I think it's like six eighty on the dial something like that rumors kid works at the fan By the way, Rimmer and I are going to the doctor this afternoon. He's paying for his What he laughing about now? I'm I just want to make I want to go public right now I'm not paying for his doctors appointment. I know that's why he's taking me I'm not paying for his doctors appointment plus he owes me the 14 bucks from that lottery ticket from last year from last year no less I told my close personal friend can help her in our limo driver from national lows Is nothing infant? I guess yeah better be dear. I hope so Wait a minute. Oh, no, I got his number here. We're gonna put him on the website can help her. Yeah, place in disco We're not gonna take any goddamn calls here today because everybody's Everybody's gone What don't tell me our lost kids card wouldn't that be bad? But I'm sure he'll call if you have yeah, he'll give you that number sure Uh, I don't have it Don't have it so can good luck to you. Okay, my friend. I got his email I don't have his card no more Well, that's where it goes but anyway he I was he was telling me about Rimmer being cheap It's 18 before 11 already at five sixty WKM you see how far we got behind now We keep falling further and further behind and it's off for Ralph's fall Because he wants my fat nice gone by the way. I will I'm serious. I will put money up to build to build a statue to him out of spam because he brought us back to light not over anything I'll put up a thousand dollars to build a statue a tribute statue to a Scotcharrail The M kids go back to college and I'll scupper waste will if you do one I give them one of the comforts of home a new bed from dollar mattress That's original By calling one eight hundred mattress you can order a new mattress and dollar mattress for your college student and Send up right in the off campus apartment when you call one eight hundred mattress you can choose from dozens of models They got the top names. They got silly a certain temper peat Xims are King Corp at a low student prices It doesn't matter where the college student is headed to the staying in South Florida or headed to Philly Boston, Tallahassee Where does Gatorre land where's that gainsville? Yeah, New York Washington East Lansing where it might be the bedding experts at dollar mattress will make him feel like they're right at home Get that bed now by diving one eight hundred mattress One eight hundred M a TTR a SUV at service that's on parallel of the universe and the carry only first quality name brand mattress is to a discount prices No house brands no irregulars no seconds no CRAP when you call that a mattress at one eight hundred mattress You picked a day in time for your delivery with a native to our window seven days week that's convenient for you from 8 a.m. till 10 p.m. and your kids will be sleeping well The very first night that they're going would low prices same day delivery free set up and removal. It's easy to see Well, I dial a mattress is right number one a customer satisfaction everybody gets a student discount a dial a mattress to so call dial a mattress 2 day toll free at 1 800 mattress That's 1 800 m a TTR ES or online check them out at Macrist.com for dial a mattress the easy the smart way to get you a great night sleep My This is for trial by city When summer rolls around there's nothing I like more than sitting on the front porch with a nice cold glass of country and moment Lemon egg Now the thing they could make it better would be a pretty little girl sitting next to me No way to say a pretty little naked girl. Yeah, that's what I mean No no wait a pretty little naked girl who puts her hand on my thigh and starts rubbing real gentle like it No, no, no, I got it a pretty little naked girl rubbing my thigh talking dirty in my air Who throws me on the porch and has her way with me. Yeah. Yeah, that's it. She just starts pounding me man riding the hog screaming dooby baby Damn it. Give it to mama Yeah Oh Forget the damn lemonade man just to be a naked girl come on. I need Then isn't it presenting expression riding a hog maybe that's why they call it 12 minutes before 11 at 5 60 W what the hell was that did you hear that? Oh My god, that's the snap crackling pop. I was talking about and now I noticed that all four my VU meters are moving Which never happens because you have the auditions that pushed down No, I don't why always did I haven't pushed on I pushed them on You push them on I push them on I don't know what you're talking about they're not on I take them off Yeah, I'm here in the mole the first thing most said to me in a park about this morning You look at me in smile and say hey go up those checkered pants. I thought that was kind of cute Yeah, he's not concerned about what pants and more and he's concerned about what's in him not much more. Okay, you're not missing much Now he's got the hospital meters. No, of course. He's obsessed. I'm obsessed with me Here's the poll today Oh, here's the retired the retired guy W Q a m Q a m Yeah Hello You can do it He can do it. I can't get it up I'm gonna try to this morning long before the show started. I said they're in luck. We're not gonna we have one right you almost could count that one guys are real call 560v4 I give you the poll which isn't gonna need a lot of additions of array and answer myself But here he is here's the retired guy W Q a m 567 Hello, yes, sir. Welcome back Neil. Thank you so much Back to house Okay, what do you say mr. He loves company or something like that? I don't know what he's talking about it's been getting lace okay Ansel here's today's poll which of these things oh there you go there some calls on it, but I'm not ready for more now I'll get to them. They'd like to play hard to get and then all of a sudden I'm supposed to like hot to you I'll hop on this assholes. I'm sick of this crap Poor Scott and there's got like a 90 share in between eight and ten he's the he's the great white hope for this radio station What our crappy signal on our coolest engineer all we got one engineers you would gun at suffix it was in this morning We got Boris y'allson fix it and he was in here. He's the only guy never fixed anything in here You only got a really curious. Yeah, I think he put these buttons in on the board course so is wheeling a crap big cartons up and on all Oh, we're going digital What a jerk he really is he's a jerk screw-and looks like hell and George Corso's an idiot, but then nothing changes Here's today's pull question. Which of these things bugs you the most I forget this a good time to be doing us now For some self-ordance always a good time just my fact I should have one just for myself being here Being here just bugs me more than I can put into words make a sequel to being there. Oh being here I'm not and I'm not joking you about the irritable bowel No, I know you don't in Toronto. I have the most beautiful medicinal bowel movements in the history mankind You know the kind talking about this. Oh yeah, I'm not saying always but a good part of the time right Fighting with this. Oh, he just loved that's correct. Just lovely But here it's the the sink in float lady. Thank god. She quote man. She be she be hyperventilating I mean floaters just frightening scary Big big and you want to know why they float because they're filled with air pockets of air Yeah, that's why that's why they float. It's whipped I'm whipped that's that's why I'm here because I feel whip but I will be here long In fact, you know something I got a nice heavy coat up there. I got all kinds of like a winter wear I got a big you have a what what the one need to be here in a winter time your boy No, I'm I'm seriously we thinking all of that I'm thinking a week here a week there. That's plenty being in this crap hole huh The equipment here is garbage. It sounds like crap in here. I'm embarrassed to be I don't like the way it sounds Don't I sound better in Toronto than what I'm here much and Passels like that little Tom jica who by the way hasn't written anything interesting in years Oh well, how's he gonna keep his finger on a pulse there's no pulse there's no god damn pulse here I drove to work this morning my god it was like another horror show coming to work Unite mirror you got to see on 5.95. They all look like they're terrified and and with good reason you should be terrified If you're out there in a vehicle or anything resembling one you should be terrified to be driving one More on Can help her in bitching and moating and screaming that drive home from the airport on Saturday morning that these Inbesil especially one bitch I figured where the hell this was boy she was he would it was over a high-end as I think Monday the hitter with a goddamn crowbar anyway here's the poll question today. What's of these things bugs you the most? Arnold running for governor We know Arnold was gonna get his ass kicked by the way especially when all this stuff comes out Ladies and gentlemen Arnold Schwarzenegger George W Bush being a moron These stupidity of the American public More Howard David it What we got to get him on any poll we can you know absolutely people who won't speak English Sports nerds and then I added three more Eric is Eric paying attention to you better being He's been good since we got rid of that idiot Ascle's covered with tattoos Huh Yeah, people with tons of body jewelry And he worked come to mind and George filling in for Neil Of course, I had to give you a shot Well, no, we're not gonna do the pull out how you did till next week alone and back a week in the audience comes but I mean No, seriously, we don't do that right away. It's unfair to all of us especially me Which of these things bugs you the most Arnold running for governor George W Bush being a moron? These stupidity of the American public more and by the way is a great column by Jimmy Brazilians Which is on our website today. I have it here the aristic with lies from news day yesterday. Oh my god. How it you know They got the EPA to lie oh yeah, you go on and take some deep heavy breaths out there in New York You know go out there in the street quarter and breathe in and inhale deeply, you know And in the meantime, there people up there gonna be dead from all the crap in here. It's it's a nightmare Anyway, more Howard David people don't speak English sports nerds assholes covered with tattoos People with tons of body jewelry and George filling in for Neil what's these things bugs you the most and where you know Game we might put some other things on there. I'm not gonna do the drivers thing anymore now. What did you do with my card? I have it right here. Well, don't forget to give me that back because it's my close personal friend can help And if he's realized me, I won't tell about the incident we had at the airport on Saturday with him and anyway 567 Huh? No, he's all everybody's always very old Neil gonna rip me on here I happen to be a very nice guy and I don't rip people on here even when they deserve to be ripped on here Because sometimes they stupid, you know I mean generally speaking, you know sometimes there are people who are smart most of the time but once in a while they act stupid right Well done, Mo. It was so pleasant seeing him out in a parking lot with guilty this morning You believe me does it sound convincing there? No, not really in fact when I drove up I thought it's like 20 after eight You mean to say that those assholes are still here By purposely took my time, you know coming down. I was there. He wrote think it okay if I just dog will long If I go about two miles an hour through this school zone Maybe I'll have the misfortune of the missing them but they're they were like a welcome in committee standing out there in a parking lot And most said now I picked the bad day to quit sniffing glued. WQ. I am Hey, get orange. Yes, it is Hey George is though with action or anything. It's what it's good with action or anything Phil will action roofing oh no, this is me. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, me full there You got what are you doing? Well you as George giving you like free of applause He's got some kind of a scam going with you on here. What? No, not at all. Okay, I just get like a part of Arnold and stuff like that, but I don't know do you know it's stance on marijuana? No Yeah, he wants to decriminalize a big time in one of the guys But sir, sir. I wanted to criminalize it, but that doesn't make me eligible to be governor or Florida, okay? Just because he might say some things that you agree with does that mean that he's qualified to be dog catcher I did this insult to the limited intelligence of the American public sir Arnold for governor. It's it's pathetic Well at least that gives George a reason to at least to rich form since he's nothing to do with George move into California right now. He said he's either more to California or Canada one of the other But one of his one of his advice is either on curio Calvary Canada or Ontario California. What is it? One of his advisors don't ace like $2 million a year The normal yeah One of his advisors is abnormal too, and I hear one of his advisors is George Schulz who's a card carrying Nazi So have a nice day, okay, Phil from whatever that roofing place was. Do you know that guy? He comes by parents and stuff that's his moniker. Oh, I'm Phil from Schmender grouping right Well, I'm Neil from Hunger And most There's a butt I smell it put But now he's changed his mind No more more she could cheat No more hugs for a cheat Unless it's just a little cheat Now Toby knows he's got a good lawyer To faith in stealing our own history His wife won't save it Wouldn't be a long-range on his true 11.15.16 11.15.16 You're welcome. Happy Monday. We got the Mad Dog in town in the studio To the studio. To the for the afternoon. We're nice to see him. Kim, a bulk camper. It's you. I tell you the humper has got a better scan than I've ever been And then he's never on No that was funny He's on the STV tower up program. He's on permanent vacation He's on Vegas. He will be doing a couple of shows. A couple of shows this week. I think Wednesday and Friday from Vegas Sam Dunn's Vegas. I'm all through with Vegas. I've had it. Okay. Fini Tho. Not Amsterdam. I changed my mind. Amsterdam. I got a little saw around there for a while as you know. But at least Amsterdam is always the possibility Like a good time. The probability. Not every day. Not like he used to be. It's not as wild and not as busy as he used to be. But it's okay. But Vegas. It's just guaranteed. You're going to lose a lot of money. Number one. Number two. It's a thing. It's like Disney World. You can go there. You know, a certain number of times. And after I'd say a few visits. But third man. That's it. There's no need to ever go back again. Am I right? Right. Why would you go back? Would you go back to Disney World? That for myself. No. I mean, when you're a little kid. Sure. A little bit older. Like another week or two. And you'll put around one of those wild rides and hope. Hope for the best. But anyway. See George is happy to see me not because I look at any different than usual. In fact, I look a little bit better because I had an haircut. Yeah. I'll never. Huh? You're fit. No, I'm not. I'm fat. In fact, I had lost a little bit. Then I came back here in a couple of days sitting on my ass with my irritable bowel and my gigantic floating turds. I'm, I'm blue. This can't last. This is not going to work. What? You're walking more. So you can see there's more blood circulating through your body. Your heart's better. You have more color in your face. As opposed to being a stagnant love. Black I would be after we cure. Right. But the only reason George is happy to see me is because I brought him pulling for column by him. Thank you on DVD no less. I haven't watched the the other disc in with all the I can't wait to watch that. I'll bring it back. No, I don't know what you'd damn right you'll bring it back. But the I don't even know which is the most fascinating part. The interview with Charlotton Heston, which is toward the end, which is just. It was just pee in your pants laughing. I mean, he makes a monkey out of him. It's it's a beautiful thing. And by the way, Charlotton Heston, we're glad that you're sick and dying. You son of a man. And we're glad that you got although it's bad that he's got Alzheimer's because he ought to remember everything real distinctly so every time somebody dies from from a handgun. And he thinks about it and remembers it and savers it. And Michael more keeps holding up the picture this little girl. Which is a long story who died in Flint, Michigan from a handgun. And he just keeps walking away and walking away. So as he leaves the house, he he props the picture up against the stone thing. The stone hinge out in front. And Dick Clark, up until I saw that movie, I was like Dick Clark. He should only rot. Okay, I'm glad that now he started looking really old. He's making up for lost time. Yeah, so you don't like Dick anymore. I don't allow. Let me just say this. I don't like Dick Clark. I do like Clark bars. Clark Kent. And I do like. But as far as Dick Clark is concerned, he should die or work in death. In fact, I hope he ages a lot in the next year. Bob, third man. Yeah. If he lives that long. Makes me sick. And he he he he's in a van. I pointed the story. And he's in a van with all his cromies and flunkies. And Michael Morris can fronning him about that restaurant. He had up there in the Flint where he had all that the welfare. Mama's a work in their payment minimum wage and abusing them. And the kid of Adam on go to Australia. But you'll see it. Yeah. Can't wait. In fact, the movie is so good that I taped that put on cassette just a little blurb of the cartoon about the history of America. Now it's time for a free pitch really. And I think they're so America. Oh, boys and girls ready to get started. What's about it? I'm there with these people in Europe called Filters. And they were afraid of being a first kid. So they all got a boat with failed to the new world. But they wouldn't have to be scared. Am I right? Oh, I'm so in that. I feel so much safer for this. Soon as they arrived, they were greeted by the And they got scared. And I'm wondering if you can. So the killer. Now do things. Why have I raised the people with calm down? No. And said they saw the game front of the city. Which is the old neighborhood. Which is in 1775. They saw the kill in the British. Who they could be, Bree. And it works. But they killed it if you say. So these asked the second members. Which said, every what man could keep his gun. I love my gun. No, my gun. It brings us to the genius out here up slavery. Disabled girls. But what people back then were up to afraid of doing any work. So they was up to go. Kind of thousands of black people broke the back of me. And forced them to have very hard for no money. And I don't mean no money like our kid. Well, Martin make no money. I mean zero dollars. Nothing. Not a sin. Do it. That way, they made the USA the richest country in the world. So did have it all that money. And Bree helped calm the white people down. No. They got even more than for that. Because that's the 200 years of slavery. The black people now up. Number of the white people in many parts of the South. Where you can free my debt for payments. The slaves started repelling. They were uprooted. And all that stood there got shut off. And when white people heard of this, they were freaking out and going, oh no real. Don't kill me, make black people. Well, dust in the nick of time, hate, semi-welcos. Who were 1836 invented the first weapon ever. They took you find all that over without having the renal. And all the same. I was like, yeah, yeah. But it was too late. The Norths who were on the place were freezing. Yep, they were free now to go stop all the old masses. It's all. And everybody was like, oh no, we're gonna die. But the three slaves took no revenge. They just wanted to live in peace. But your couldn't convince the white people of this. So they formed a coup of plan. And in 1871, the semi-utacland became an ill legal terrorist organization. Another purpose found it. A national rifle association. Two politicians tapped one of the first gun laws. Making it illegal for any black person to own one. It was a great year for America. The KKK and the NRA. Of course they had nothing to do with each other. And this was just a poisonous. One group illegally promoted responsible gun ownership. And the other groups are endless black people. And that's the way it was all the way to Latin. It's divided. When a black woman broke the law, but refusing to move to the back of the bus. Why people just couldn't believe it? Why won't they know? Who's going on, man? Oh, hell, bro, who's black people everywhere. So it's a man and they're right. And why people had a major freak and feel themselves. And they were all like, oh, hey, what? What? And they did. They all ran flee into the suburbs where it was all wired at safe and clean. And they went out in the bottom quarter of a billion guns. And put locks on the doors along in the houses and gave brown linators. And finally they were all safe and secure and snug as a bird. And everyone, they're happy. Ever. Hey, man. Pulling for columbine. Hey, man. Pulling for columbine. I think probably who did that with a guy who do so park as a interview to one of them went to the house. The voices are alive. Yeah, he interviewed them. And he pointed out that they were like, you know, high school dropouts and faders. Been stetical and ensued up a bunch of people. They invented some park. Created it and done it. There's a couple of south park clips in it's cute. Anyway, pulling for columbine. You ought to be in your music at your video music whatever's store right now. Renting buying stealing a copy of that. Holding the place up just to get you a copy. I'm, it's phenomenal. I watched it again yesterday. And then when he goes up into Canada, they goes into a sarnia Ontario, 73,000 people where they had one murder last year. Then he goes down to a Windsor Ontario. He said, well, this 400,000 people are a bunch of a lot of murders. And he has to talk about a half dozen people before he finally remembers. He finds one guy, remember, is a murderer a couple of years ago in Windsor. And he says, yeah, but that was a guy from Detroit who came over from Detroit with a gun that he bought him in a soda and killed somebody. And that was it. That was the only murder they can remember in Windsor in years. And then his when he goes into Toronto and starts walking around, house house door to door. And then the doors are unlocked. He just keeps open up people's front door and, oh, excuse me, but I just wanted to see. And then find the last guy that he opens up the door. He says, well, thanks for letting us in. Thanks for not shooting me. It was a cute thing. But that's the difference between being civilized and uncivilized boys and girls. That's the biggest difference. That's what, and see, I found out from watching that that Canadians have guns up the ass because they're big hunters. But they don't kill each other with them. That's the difference because in America. That's the American fucking way. Exactly. That's the way we resolve things. Maybe we need a good national course in anger management. Ha ha ha ha ha. Anger management, we're pretty pissed off about the way this thing sounds in here, George Corsoff. Yeah. And screw in. We're pissed off at the way you look. Yeah. Well, and do you hear how bad that sounds? It's wrong. No, listen to that. I don't know. And I think it's all to come through one speaker. Definitely. It's only coming through the left speaker. This, this speaker says. I want, we got our program director and our operations mangleer in here. I just want to announce to both of them are both so pleased to see me. That this studio is at a disgrace. It's an embarrassment to the guy that brought casting industry. I can't believe on a high rated show like this. I come in here. You can pick all the dingle birds out of my ass you want. But it would be a hell of a lot preferable since I'm not to be on suckups. Sucking yes, but suckups know. Uh, they have a studio that sounded right. This is, this is garbage. This really, this is the, I think right now is the worst ever. And that's covering a lot of territory. It's totally different from Friday by the way. Yeah, because this is my welcome home. I guess probably Corsough was in here over the weekend. Fine, tuning and didn't was stuff to make sure that would piss me off. In the dolphin season, they had to broadcast all these games. They can take their dolphins and stuff them up their ass. Okay. And by the way, J. Feeder blows. J. Feeder's at a disgrace. I mean, he always tries hard. He's just marginally his mediocre. Yeah. You follow what I'm saying? You know, he reminds me of the big, tries hard, but he's mediocre. And it's all he'll ever be. See on the schedule that he now thank God. I mean, I don't, why do I keep picking on him? I don't know why. I probably shouldn't cause Hank's not in town anyway. Well, Hank likes it because he don't like him. What does Hank, Hank doesn't like Orlando, I'll say, Query, okay? I don't know what it's all about. He don't like him. Who would you rather hear? The big go or the big Joe Z. Oh, I don't listen. I see. Teeter, one of them. But now that we found out that Joe Z is the secret weapon. He's got those big numbers filling all summer for Hank. That's right. I think we need to get on right away. I think you owe him a little apology. No. By the way, Joe, I'm glad you didn't die in a plane crash. I don't dislike Joe's a gadget. I can personally, he's a good guy. He's probably the most boring guy in the world. He does deserve that name penis face, but other than that. Huh? Now you see him. You know he's old penis face. Rink about it for me. You don't see the resemblance. I'm sorry. Without the foreskin thing, goodness. You never recognize him if he had the foreskin. Oh, that's come to where it's hurtled. There you go. That's not a bad idea. Joe's a gadget and it turned like we'd probably get censored. He probably wouldn't be able to be on here. Uh, what's his name? Michael Powell probably have an nervous, uh, nervous, uh, Schmidt attack. Twelve minutes after your level at five, 60 WQM, you need to set your home fast, fast cash home buyers. Bies houses fast hassle free. Fast cash home buyers buys houses in any condition. Location for any reason. You need to set your house fast. These are your house. Maybe need a new roof flooring or other repairs. Maybe you had like a whole bunch of possums and coins moving in your attic. Don't throw money away on costly repair stop and call Rob today at 1-8-6-6-7-8-5-fast for no obligation hassle free offer. At fast cash home buyers, they help you solve your house problems. They have a vacant house. Tired of dealing with a problem tenant. Maybe you're going through a nasty rotten divorces or any other kind. Call fast cash home buyers. Maybe you're one two or three payments behind or maybe inherited a property that you just don't want. Fast cash home buyers can have you out call Rob today at 1-8-6-6-7-8-5-fast fast and let fast cash home buyers give you peace of mind. Fast cash home buyers will buy your house to anywhere have to pay any real estate commissions either. Call Rob today at 1-8-6-6-7-8-5-fast F A S T for a hassle free offer. And let fast cash home buyers solve all those house problems. 1-8-6-7-8-5 F A S T. Biter in the local V6 V6 is V6 list. 3 years old yours now. Bermak you way in. Don't believe it. So I said he said this studio blows and I said you're absolutely correct. He did a mistake, vision to peace-mate, a cover-in-that-hole-la-perian soil, you're fixing that whole thing with weapons that we brain, spell more turmoil beginning to boil. We stay in our time again and live here we have no. That's a looming. Searching for our pieces for ourselves. Some people claim we got George Bush to blame, but it's not a good thing you're right. It's so George Bush's fault. I say in peace-representies to start a new- Yeah! Put it like this redneck asshole judge more in Alabama. Is this pathetic? Oh, can't stay that way. How long does this crap go on? You don't lie. Yeah. Federal courts is, in fact, one of the discussions other talking has yesterday, this had no point in even discussing any more of the constitutionality, which is an open-and-shark case anyway. But the federal court is said, get that thing out of there, and that's it. And that's, there's nothing else to talk about. He's going to do that. But the good Christians are all slump in air, man, and they're all running there, and well, what's wrong with the... See, this is what America's all about as intolerance. That's another great thing about Canada. In fact, I've been reading many articles about that of Lady, is how the separation of church and state is much, much stronger in Canada than it is in the USA. In fact, when the Pope was given John Crayon, all that crap about the gay marriages, and he said, and there were towncretion. His soul was going to rot in the hell. They were trying to save his eternal soul, all that crap, you know? And he said, well, I have to take that chance. I'll have to deal with my faith because in this country in Canada, we have separation of church and state as much more important than the idea of it in all that's said, right? Just like Kennedy. Same thing. Same crap. Although, can the Kennedy's a course where much better clerks and more clever than John Crayon, but nonetheless, hey, don't, don't knock a froggy, okay? He doesn't need to want to sit. Bush was a moron way back when before some of these people were in denial here until they finally found out he was not only a moron, but a liar in dangerous. And we got these kids dying over their every day. We're in a quagmire baby. We're in a quagmire. We're stuck. And now I've can't stand starting to blow up again in the Taliban or making a resurgence. And there's Americans dying. I'm not a goddamn world. Didn't we fix that problem? Oh, yeah, we took his. We, we, we, we, we, we turned, what's that expression about? We sucked tail and ran or how did that goes? Turn tail. Yeah, we sucked the tail. And ran. Filling cross brings was very astute. Pick it on poor Eric. Boy, what, what's the response of these for real? Is this a joke? Huh? Could be some free. No, we got a hundred ninety two votes in like a half an hour on his pull here already. Holy, holy, don't thought. I sure miss Rick Weaver. You know what I'm going to lose dolphin games? But Phil points out that the Eric is dumb. He says the stupidity of the American people is an Eric spelled jewelry. J E W as in Jew. E R E L Y. Jew yearly were. Jew yearly. Jew werely. Jew werely. J E W E. Jewel L R Y. Yeah, I haven't even liked to say it before I can spell it. R Y. Jewel R Y. Jew R us. Oh, and they do have all Martin K Martin and Canada by the way. And, uh, what, but not like where I am. In other words, I'm the suburb. But you'll see you'll be very pleased with Michael more that he and his lady they went into Kmart and they got them to stop selling bullets. Probably like that. Yeah, they did. They got Kmart to stop selling bullets. Until they left. And then they got a bit on there with Chris Rock where he's saying a stand up that we're talking about. Uh, bullets should be 5,000 bucks a piece. It doesn't okay, but they should search urgent 5,000 bucks for bullet. There you go. And then you know, you'd run around saying, I'd have to kill you if I could afford to. You know, stuff like that. You'd have to really want to kill the ride real bad. Since there wouldn't be no, uh, drive, there wouldn't be no, uh, innocent bystanders getting shot. Right. That's it. So anyway, thanks to Phil O'Crol Springs. That's really good. We'll take a call or two if we get any here. I don't know. I have my doubts. All over everybody's concentrating on a poll. Which of these things bugs you the most? We got 200 votes. These stupidity American public. That was my vote 81. I score on the elegant. You got your thumb right on it. It's frightening. It's scary. It is so freaking scary. Just like the thing in Alabama and just like Arnold and California all the sudden nonsense. I mean, the public in this country should be concentrating on the effect that they're losing their goddamn freedoms. We got a president and all his cronies are a bunch of liars. We have a guy they may elect a electrical grid in this country that's so our kick that any minute we got. We'll be sitting here like a, uh, dealing with ourselves in the dark. House of Freaking cards. It is. On the end, fact number two is George W. Bush being a moron 43 tied with people who won't speak English 43. Well, he's a moron in any language. How do you like that, you know? Oh, great. Right. Mo Howard David 14. He's small potatoes in this poll. You're, you're, you're the no more these are wins for more. Absolutely. George filling in for Neals only got 12 C. We've even smaller taters so far. You're like Tater tots. You've seen them. Tater tots. Onward running for governor four sports nerds too. People would tons of body jewelry. One and assholes covered with tattoos. No, I guess I must be the only one. I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I don't have sure which one it abolished. We most people would read here or people would lots of tattoos. Throw it the red heads. They can, I haven't a version to them. Really? You never told you that? No, I don't think it's up with a little. I don't know. You're all a crap. I mentioned it on here a million times. But, but, but, but, but, but, but. At least. I understand. Red heads can look freaky, but sometimes they can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good. They can look good.ofen Take a look at this. This is make-belief! You walk outside and you spin-beaks right par-broiled. Or arguing with. It always sounds like agar's dood but the df4 Even in some of the things you might run JS can't hide from it exists. cigarette. phenomenal here 233 votes this is there's something freaky about the hidden maybe Eric prepped in Eric's not even what you keep picking on Eric he lives in the sensational relationship now I email him the stories at night he gets him on airfetched and he can say fat slob sells wrong with you world show me it's all love I mean if you want to bring back you know that other piece of wreck yeah you want to bring back to that don't have to keep it in there I don't want to see how do I want to know what I don't want to smell that I don't on and by the way for well can take part of the blame for that he took something that was already a little bit off and he like he like pulled them right over the edge he had if he had like one and a half legs over the edge of the cliff he threw him the rest of the way he gave him like a push a little shove you know what I'm talking about yeah make him into a superstar you know like that what I'm just clear in mind the side by the way thanks like a post friend Dr. Hampton have one thing I will say because people are with all he does is bitching complain no if something is good if somebody does right by me I'll sing their praises till the end of time which may be soon away bushes going doctor ham she is great unlike most of the rumors other quick doctors she's fantastic remember about a year ago at this time when I was having all those the sign and oh I thought I was never gonna have like one moment's peace my ear by the way is open up nicely like just like that I feel pretty good and even better than that I will say one good thing about being here I am probably just going to you know my heel spirit that I've been bitching about by belly a can I it's mostly gone now that course it's maybe it's the south floor that's the climate maybe it's the humidity maybe the humidity like when and how kind of sucked it out you're supposed to be a five six oh you way yeah and then straight in his marriage so let's walk through this first nothing is off limits in our marriage second I procured women for Bill when he was governor screw on my left which he did and the saga's continued I laughed when he confessed that he had paid for frequent visits by a cold girl to a hotel he stayed in when he was in Washington she was one among many bills solicited during the White House years Jennifer Fowers claimed she'd had a 12 year affair with him this was completely in character for Bill my favorite was Monica Lewinsky they'll talk to her a few times and she had asked him for some job hunting help and drop to her knees to kiss my husband I came to know and like her and I asked her if she wanted to live with us in the White House she said yes as long as there would be sex with my husband as always I said okay okay lemon thirty two five sixty double to kill not now it sounds like really tinny do you hear that now let me try something okay now this had some different than the men to go and what about now and I know what you know because you always had that audition button but not but not it's like I'm gonna ten can that just makes the needles move that doesn't make anything come out of anything okay welcome it sounds like I'm gonna ten can is it better or worse than it was they for the break say it is yes not to me it sounds really tinny and that's because you did with my mic well I would tick with mic tick it back you might how to do it don't you don't even know what I did it oh yeah I know how to right tick this thing it's the the third one one all the way down at the bottom the third one yeah push it to the back that's the front and you're gonna make it really pretty to the back I know actually that sounds awful one moment please all the way down is the way that that's where it is that's way that sounds good what's wrong with that that's how you well then quit ticking with it quit ticking with my mic already will you please he's just a try it sabotage that's all I'm curious just trying to chase me back it worked see yeah no it's not it's not the that was fine away was it's the speaker in the overhead is uncontrollable EQ they did it's either too loud or too low and our engineers are still assholes that's about a line I hear it on here I see you okay I see you dealing with it in there George is dealing with it so this candidate's a political idea he's hanging around here's a way to do this fact this is well let me read the other one first because it's more marginal good morning Neil would would you consider putting all or most of the above is a choice for the full no we want these choices are extremely insightful and make it difficult to choose also like these stupidity mark in public without all of you both since the other seem to be simple as our examples of stupidity thanks to welcome back to a full-time schedule it says well thank you so much I like to the and Thursday myself here's one I hear's the fact of the century perhaps it says I know this pales and comparison to the other selections but women's shoes styles are unbelievably freaky feet are exactly the most attractive part of the human anatomy well in my case they are but these god damn shoes make them really ugly they ugly painted pic toes sticking out of six inch tall Frankenstein monster sandals not attractive what the hell is going on with the shoe fashions is that something that we probably ought to do some shows on let's do it with the shows let's join mark there you go there's a good topic for women's shoe fashions there you go welcome back to south Florida Neil oh my god and then the worst part of it is there's Siri hi I know I don't see an awful lot of action on this phone here we're might do the noon to two comedy bits uh two hours huh no actually to show you how week I am about 15 minutes ago I was really thinking because I was in such a good mood I was thinking well we don't want to do the lazy take the you know the cop out doing at one to two comedy bits and live just fake our way through this last week before labor day but we will no we will sure because I don't see much going on there on that phone and this is not the kind of a pull where I mean you see the kind of selections that they're trying to add to this pull just pull us fine come on women's shoes they're pissing me off especially the guys that are wearing them WQAM hello good morning yes sir good morning to you uh I would like to go down the pull and I like to choose George Bush is being a complete moron yeah it really scares me every time the guy makes a speech I have to change the channel because he's so embarrassing I don't want the rest of the world thinks the world has that deer in the headlights looking with the furrowed brown like uh I don't believe he was going in blank spare is this the fear of the blank steer like uh what was his name uh mentioned if they had him and Dan quail together yeah that'd be a good that would be excellent oh my god I think I believe the country like you oh I'm most excited that'd be a good ticket for next time change is going to be too busy sticking his finger in the socket thanks a lot palie okay hey that's a good idea for changing his sickest finger in the socket that keep his pacemaker going with him strong give it a try dick 567 0560 pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line I think I'm going to leave about a quarter to two we'll get that last break in alright no because I got to meet remember for the doctor we're going to the doctor together like you know we'll play I guess you think maybe I'll pay the bill his bill what 100 years gone by and because I got high back to there you go that's good that's it kills it kicks it right knee all can it's right like to do the mode kick him in the old back home can 567 0560 pound 560 on the AT when you know another I'm back here got it like ease back into it we don't want to like just go whole hog so to speak this is what I told Jeff high when he came water in here I mean nothing ever changes though he has lost weight then nothing I told me lost an ounce or two nothing ever changes whether he's lost weight or not he's still a goddamn food pusher and I still am nauseated by the side of him and by the crap that comes out of his mouth come on pali I heard you mentioned Tony Roe was fat people who want to kill the rest of us okay I'll be lucky to survive this whole week here without another guy damn pulmonary embolism or a stroke or all of these things because all these people already trying to force me I'm I love the can herbs to a Todd's wreck you eat it okay like what's what's his name said in godfather three oh you're so skinny you eat it what's that what's his name Tony Montana no not 20 Montana done the done teach you I don't know which one it was a lie wall I've done one the marker oh which done was hey I don't know done Johnson five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT and T here is somebody on two WQA and hey hey you don't want to worry about bowling for column by yes sir go ahead oh I'm out with you yes you are I'm really caught me up guard here that's the idea let me just shut you off okay if you don't mind don't be off please I'm gonna shut you off two damn loud in the back I thought that movie twice the first week it came out right I've never been so riveted right and that's a long film two two hours less than two hours it is the absolute I think it's the best documentary in the last 30 I think it's the best one ever made it could very well be and it won't be documentary so right I just urge everybody to go see that and then see again and again and again and again and I want to word about the big oh which I think is he's aptly named because he is a big oh you only reads in his eyes because he used to say Q and after the 40 thousand time I got a little old yeah you're right but I'm glad he's gonna get that the Mark Morgan stole it from him I'm okay have a great day pal thank you buddy see on Q a M Q a M hold it here and say that on Channel 4 maybe that'll make Angela Ray fall backwards he won't do it because then they can't his ass because they wouldn't put up with anything is bushling all of the god her it's a good point why do we why do we put up with it because we don't care you said it before the shortly we don't care we don't care about the sound and here about the speakers about the balance about the EQ and the IQ and their IQ it'll care we just want to guide their money just look at the sign up there just give us the FU uh money is what it says and they're right and that's the way I feel about this place just the 10th and 25th make sure that my check showed up early this payday I love that clearance man if he weren't so ugly I'm I consider doing him he's oh he's ugly up up until today and never weird because I never I try not to look in a mirror he's a good guy but he's so ugly I was considered a generic that no he oh no you're generic he's very ugly well what what's worse then no believe me he's incredibly ugly and that's why he can't get laid I mean and that's because I mean there are plenty ugly guys good laid yeah but in his case he's already like uh socially demented or retarded whatever and then you add to that defect that he looks bad and got a really tiny penis maybe you had to try putting in the bowl of water like that plastic when I was telling you about warm water put your put your penis in a bowl of warm water clearance no see what happens a little episodes can't hurt 19 till noon Peter maybe that's where they got that expression from the cheese for the day now be a big change you're gonna feel the burn you'll feel the pain yeah oh my oh my the lovely plants you pass into want to pump you up like a balloon yeah yeah oh yeah I feel it yeah I'm walking in the hill you curse you won't be a mystery you're nervous even kids will get them training the monster's allowed me waiting till this down the boat for the beast start let's check with the heavy bars I hope you're ready for a couple of months now you're going to be for Arnold because he's for the criminalization of marijuana that's all was enough to make me gag you know can he was serious that's the right part of the whole thing he was really cereal sad very sad okay tragic almost his tragic is this fact says if you heard about this group of people two or three on the internet who are blasting Michael Moore's bowling for colombine movie on websites like and it's got that we've hoped the answer it's a why why do we care who cares they do why I don't see that's a good model for all your kids out there don't pay attention to assholes okay I mean there's so many assholes on the internet we couldn't even begin to count they don't have numbers to go that high so why would you pay any attention especially when you know it's just a limited fringe number of morons okay and probably also inspired by like newsmax dot comment or the gun huggers the uh help and has been suckers don't forget what I told you when you see that interview with him on your you're just gonna go freak out I saw most of it they showed you did on a documentary about Michael Moore yeah for one of those stories like uh did you see the hardware he shuffled off yeah yeah haha he's just shuffled away good old Chuck cast in man probably forgot the interview by now five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T and Verizon wireless live was all that crap leftover cause and for my heel at it yeah if you want and why he I don't know what it is I'm not knocking it though my feet were killing well case you should start probably probably probably because I've been sitting on my ass here for two days right what also got to do probably my feet will be feel really good when I get that next pulmonary embolism the one I'd like killed me like David Bloom five six seven oh five sixty let's take a couple of these calls are all just sitting here and keep giving the numbers out we either way does make a difference to me 10th in the 25th keep those dates in mind WQAM well yes sir yeah this is done out the bellow down out the bellow good the good work man and uh where can you get some decent pizza around here man some decent pizza yeah pizza loft otherwise you run in a spot like I said I don't think there's any decent pizza in town no I'll tell you one thing in Toronto where you can't get his good pizza really no at least the of course I can't eat the cross anyways it'll make a difference what's the bad they have a chain called a chain called pizza pizza you're all over town a suck but they have good Chinese food there though yeah there's this one place with this crispy beef when they put like 20 pounds of sugar on it let's see here's a fat or look this this is the guy again this is a little Jerry who's now resorted to typing sorry Jerry ain't gonna wait that I read two words off of there not full of nobody Jerry or an idiot but see now that Jerry knows I'm back in town he's gonna get me with his facts I'm gonna get you what bull out your ass idiot let's see here's what oh look at this this is cute shows a big humongous it says now appearing at the bottom of a really circus Jeff high you know can I have some buffalo build all all dolphin tickets no whatever happen with the tickets now did Miguel get those I think so well be nice to know hey Miguel be nice to get a definitive answer on it if you got them back from a your close personal little us pick friend 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line never changes in this town man never changes same old miss fits on the phone on the facts although here it is it's almost new we haven't had retire we haven't had him and we haven't we hear the feral tapes please haven't had him yet that's early yet oh that's where we still got along with you we have another hour and ten minutes our ten and what nothing I don't know what you're gagging about I'm I'm serious one to two is still the year one to come and it's I haven't heard any bitch in about that hour no for anyone who would bitch about it exactly if a worth the audience and like you said they bitch about anything anyway there's nothing makes them happy if wasn't gonna be them would anybody in here had the ball to come in and say oh gee I don't think that's a real good idea you know well that's you know or do you or they have it but there you go they don't even have the ball to come in and say that to you so what does that take because they're always picking on your little ass just like what we've always picking on his fad old ass here's the facemorea who says I finally got a chance to watch for now we're talking bowling for column by last night I have to say it was the best twenty bucks I ever spent I find myself in treating aggravated at the same time I went to bed last night with my mind just spinning as I'm writing this you're talking about Charlotton has been in dick Clark and I could not agree with you more in other words I'm as usual what assholes Maria says I never thought too much a Charlotton has been but dick Clark really surprised me it's terrible it is company looks for tax breaks because they're people working for them who are in the welfare to work program Chuck has to be ashamed of himself for traveling the Denver and Flint with the NRA just shortly after each of these tragedies took place I was stunned when I saw those morons in the Michigan militia group at the beginning of the movie it's hard for me to believe that there are people out there with that kind of mentality they take into such extremes Michael Moore's awesome for bringing to light the fact that the american media has made us all of her oh yeah there's one scene in their way showing in Canada what they're watching I thought about this what they're watching the news right and how they're not like so now why is that fast machine dialing right now and I can hear it what do you do I just send a fact to Eric that that was plural minutes ago remember maybe it's just getting around to it baby baby let's make him be mean to an all kinds of crap I can hear air hitting on the other end of it Maria says Michael Moore is awesome for bringing to light the fact that the american media has made us all afraid of our own shadows that big business is benefiting from that fear kudos to Marilyn Manson and came out it's a hit a great day quite to marks his Maria thanks Maria what it's an excellent animal look at it Marilyn Manson was really good on air but like julee roman says in Marilyn Manson it's the most significant I'm gonna tell you something right now julee roman needs to be railroaded right out of town okay he needs to be run out of ten needs to be tardent feathered piece of crap WQAM speaking they know what's going on how you know the best thing is sharpened has that the enemy has that picture of Moses behind you know that yeah unbelievable and the thing that was the great for Moses took the steroids the craziest thing was neat man asked about the ethnicity thing he goes it's really because it started with it's we have a problem with him was there a problem with black people and he's a little bit more than a question said it all started with the civil rights movement yeah I'm also on my channel man and in other words the this what he's really trying to say is the fiction the spooks we have too many of them work and it ones that are shooting everybody that is absolutely incredible and black on the more goes right to those scenes from Canada and shows that 30% of the population is non-white in Canada and they've got to help a lot more I think diversity there than we'll ever have here incredible I got can you do me a favorite send me a house is for sale and Toronto I gotta get out okay all right that's a good luck to pal c i'm the church tree i mean on your street five six seven oh five sixty five five sixty on what are you laughing about all kinds of real estate listings online for Toronto stay to hell out I want to have Vancouver any we don't want to American we don't want to be a Vancouver well take your crappy American money and what about your ass ain't American fine that we have we know that we know that we got the guy damn i and s on your tail they'll be there knock it on you door three o'clock in the morning along with me or swarrays in his bathroom w w q a n very weak very weak and fake okay you're more on your nity it you're not a lifeless soft flirty I can understand it after getting off the plane at the airport on Saturday you're walking to that you're walking to the guy damn jet weight and you think oh no right off the bat you're thinking what am I doing here the humidity permeates right through that metal right through that heavy metal don't realize how impressive it is so you've been going a long time now you talking about the weather in south flutter the political climate in the american w q a m yes sir yeah I'm comfortable well that's okay nobody's perfect okay I was wondering if I could have a conversation without George and a rough thing this is the urban Jones know you can't w q a m hello w q a m yes I can tell you why America so and inform you put up with the news media here all kinds of reasons not to watch channel six telling secret of just got a contract to go to 2000 and six uh we don't have any real news people on here in south flutter they got as a bunch of silly people like angel array and Tony cigaretteo and people like in white lot of day with his eating aspect and that's all you got silly people right there are no news people are no journalists anymore brick sand chasers come back the specials in right you have Brian norcross hyperventilating of the weather theory dancing all over the goddamn map trying to bring tornadoes and hurricanes in the town and now we got bellcusen array not paying so of course bill come on miss comolo with it who can't drive straight up the Hershey highway without having a couple of pops and we got bellcusen array still keep hey right and then you got that what what's that show that she's on a dead drickle drive with Todd Drek they've been you oh my god I read the sea what's his name from a whammy on there bill what's that what's his name out loud have a very tape out right good talking to you how loud what's his name bill one oh come on you don't know oh my god I can't believe this I'm thinking it started with a sea how loud how loud how loud those were the days baby talk about and bear that close to show you I had no shame I didn't know it was gonna be right once it was on here we knew how better was not I kept saying I just we'll take the checks we're not doing anything for it in addition to which when you're working a QAM can you be embarrassed anymore no so how can you have any shame like who the hell is morning was talking about credibility this is QAM we don't have any credibility what what we got to lose must have been mo oh yeah most got heavy duty credibility not hey mo quit not now that he's finished picking all the dingleberries out of his own but now I hear he's picking jfeelers that's what I'm hearing that's what Farrell was saying the other days picking jfeelers dingleberries right there in the locker room and he said man the aroma and the texture and flavor is unbeatable five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty I mean jfeel I'm sure I never met him he's probably not a bad guy oh right could be okay but he's weak he's weak in this the people on this radio station most of them except for Farrell he's the only one beside me it's got any balls I mean managing them mold they're doing a games you don't think they're gonna go on and say well this guy really blows you know think they're gonna say that of course not and the hopper why do you know the hopper he's the hopper he's busy and big it was pludging his brains out right now as we speak probably getting a lap dance he's got his bookie he's got his hand out his bookies a wallet or the other way around and he's got some cheap hooker over there uh stroking his adjoin and what what more could you want huh what's wrong with that nothing Jesus that sounds like a perfect life to me sounds like paradise sounds like paradise is in Vegas it's yours how late in South Florida you silly old coupe my life and local we're sports radio five sixty two a two a yeah this mark Morgan is the 12 to one hour on Q 8 I think we're going on now just anybody can oh let's just got a no it pushes really now every really yeah I hope he's not   compa woven well Come on to it 560W to come and search our Atlantic noon to one hour. We got the Mad Dog in 2. Kim Bo-Kamber, what Kimba has been on the long time was he on last week at a hard. Huh? I don't think so. I'm gonna start. I ask him, I had a schedule last week. Maybe he took a vacation. So Kimber, from what? From all the hard work he does. He has other jobs. He has a day job, you know. Yeah. Selling. You're just sucking his ass because you bought a car from him. Why? And because he's got that big mook Alan, front of his car dealership. And because he's just a good guy. He's a good guy. And he's big. And he will scare you. Kim Bo-Kamber from Schuels, for the same for the hopper. I like Kimba. I don't know problem with him. See you trying to start crap again. Her Koon Hotline from Tony Rome is in Kurogeble 799 tonight. Would Joe and Don Bailey Jr. And who else is going to be on end of Beast also? Is the Beast on that mess? On her Koon Hotline? We don't know. And we don't care. A 9 to 2 is that he came with a 5 hour show. Are you ready for that? Holy Toledo. It's a marathon. Man, I sure hope there are a lot of games to have the odds on. And overnight it's your mark from 2 to 5 and more. And then we started all over again with Mo and Guess who wasn't very friendly to me. And they are parking lot this morning. Not guilty. Because somebody was there watching. And he didn't know that he was there. He didn't know that he was there. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? I had a tight, tight. Yeah right. Oh, where are the goldies gangsters just to show my support? Well, he sure won 2 friendly to me out there in the parking lot this morning. Because if he would have been like extended to hand a friendship, Mo would have like chopped it right off in his hand too. He'd like wrapped right in his pantalumi's. And then Mo probably would have had a clean out to bag of you. Absolutely. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. This is one of the most, you know, you gave me this nice new pin that you found. But the only problem is that this boy that came from. Huh? Throw it away. We'll save the refill. I'm going to throw it away. I got to do it. Save the refill. No, you can push it on here. But it keeps slipping off. My doctor gripped pilot, which these are the best ballpoint pins. Other than the ones we stole from no talent Amsterdam. What? Nothing. These are great. And though they're there for those hotel pens and the towels. I have a nice steel. Now we didn't take all that stuff. I've put the pins. Yeah. I got a collection going. This is a bizarre story. J. Gun Advocate start pink pistols, check their enniscient in. The pink pistols are calling them. Yeah. I got a pink pistol. Little one. It shoots straight. Lessley Michigan. Not like Peter North for close. The gay rights usually are seen as part of the liberal agenda with gun rights of interest to conservatives. So gays with guns cut across the grain of America's political landscape. It says. That's just fine with Albert Low who's starting a Michigan chapter of the pink pistols. A gay gun rights group with 37 chapters in the west and least 5,000 members. I'm politically incorrect totally. The lesley resident told the Detroit Free Press for a Monday story. If the group takes hold in Michigan as it has in places such as California and Tennessee, the state could have a new set of hobby target tutors and a broader stronger gun rights lobby. This is the aim of low who's in the early stages of building membership. And if some traditional gun rights owners which are eager to gain support. The more the myrior in that battle, I wonder if that was a plan words you think? The more the myrior in that battle said Chuck Peracone executive director the music and coalition for responsible gun owners. As long as they're supportive of the underlying issue which is self defense, we welcome their support. A few years ago while living in Chicago, lowmed Doug Crick, who started the first pink pistols group in Boston and started a website. How do you like that? And now there's pink pistols all across America popping up. That's proud enough. You could be the pink pistolero. Shoot near things, Gordscord all over the place. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, how's the pull coming and which of these things bugs you the most? A lot of votes on there I'll tell you that. That's because a lot of people are back because their kids are back in school. Which I think? Oh, some people. 306 votes? Which of these things bugs you the most? The stupidity of the American public 136. George W. Bush being a moron 62 is the light on this thing down or what? No. Maybe you just have a brighter monitor up calendar. Oh, this thing is. George W. Bush being a moron 62. People are also thinking there's 61. George Philly and Phineal 31. How do you like that only 31? George, that's a pretty low number. More Howard David at only 21. Boy, he's really falling out of grace. Absolutely. People with tons of body jewelry 5, Arnold Runnerford Governor 5, assholes covered with tattoos 3 and sports nerds only appear. Now that's interesting. You're not grossed out by people with a lot of tattoos all over them? Forso by the piercings. And people would just like tons of piercings. Once you can see in ones that you're positive are there but you can't see and you don't want to see? The tattoo. Who's speaking Carlos at our reception desk? I've seen some tattoo schemes that don't look so bad and then others that do. Oh, just grosses me out. And the worst part. And usually it's on people that don't look good anyway. Right. But when you see somebody that's good looking and they're covered with tattoos, you think? What a waste. It's just like when I see a good guy walk, a good looking guy walking down the street with some bitch. And that's what I think. What a waste. What are you laughing about? Thought what she's thinking. I don't care. Well, he's that's what he's thinking because maybe she's got like a 21 inch waste. Huh? That's what I spagged think when we see a really hot young guy walking on a street and invariably there's some damn bitch. Walk in arm and arm. She's got her hand on his ass or a hand around his waist. And we always think what a freaking waste. It is a waste. You can have the guy I'll take the grill. Okay, sounds like a winner to me. Because every time I see that sight, Well, now what did you do here to talk about? Oh, no, I'm never going to file these are all the forl things. I was trying to find that. That's a fucking big bass. Huh? That's space. Holy cow. Thanks to your cool. 560560. No, you just mentioned a lot harder to see. I put f dash. Okay, I can change it. I hope you have all this stuff like this here. Okay, because it's that much more difficult operate. I'm not going to be here. Okay, I'll be as homo as well. WQAM. Jesus, you had cauliflower waiting so long. Yeah. Unbelievable. Do you see the story about the autism kids? About the what? He gave us autism. They thought he was possessed. And he did exorcism on him. No, no. Fantastic. He wrapped us up at cows. Yeah. Guilt himself. Where? What city? I don't know what city. Good old-time religion pal. Thanks a lot. Praise the Lord, man. Do. Praise God. He Lord, worship the mysterious ways. Like I've always told you. And of course poor father Gagan, they were not getting any calls about that. Got strangled in prison. He had to throw them. So sad and tragic somehow. I think it's dead. They didn't have to rot away in there for like a whole bunch of years. Right, cost in a smoney. Because even as old as he was, he just spent a lot more years. Rotten away in there. That would have been a lot better. He got the easy way up. Piece of crap. Five, six, seven. We had any women called today? No. No. So welcome. He backs a boy. Sure is great. Have you back in South Florida? No. That's okay. I don't take it personal. Let me. Let's see today is the 25. Six and 10, 16 days from payday. You know when the time comes to have your carpets cleaned, the name you ought to be thinking about is dry concepts. Over the years they've done a beautiful job in my house. In fact, this is my first trip back home since they cleaned my carpets again. No, one of them looks so good. Carpets in my house, you can eat off the floor. That's how beautiful they are. Dry concepts is the number one carpet cleaning company in the world. And the only ones that dry clean your carpets. It's an exclusive patent and method and it works. And they give you a written guarantee price out front before they start doing the work. So you don't have to worry about anything. Rip off scams, any of that crap. And now dry concepts can save even more. Because they offer you a chance to say 15% on next carpet cleaning. Just called dry concepts at 1-800-24. 807-1-1-880-2-4-850-7-1 has to be put on their stand by list. And then dry concepts will call you next time they've got an opening in their schedule. It's just like when you fly stand by. If you're available when they have an opening, they'll knock 15% off the price during these closing days of the dog days of summer. So called dry concepts two day and has to be put on their stand by list. They might even have an opening for you in the day you call like today. And they'll give you 15% off the regular price of the fantastic cleaning they do on your carpets. They're drying a couple of hours. They smell lemony fresh. It's like America right on your floor. Call them toll-free 1-800-248-507-1-1-800-248-507-1 or check them on their wicked web at dry concepts.com. My life and love this is 4-3-05-60. You're going to do it anyway. Free profile story. Was their name a slang word for the male sexual organ? We certainly hope so. Otherwise there's a f*** all interesting about the verb pipe. We were meant to flash now. Look at Topey before the name Verf pipe doesn't mean anything. We pulled it out of a hat. Don't listen to him. It means penis. Tell him it means penis you moron. Verf pipe founder Brian Vanderarch has been arguing with the band's manager Slappy Gold since 1996. These artistic types don't understand that sex sells. It doesn't mean penis. Of course it does. Put it together. What does Verf mean? It means energy. Viga. And what's a pipe? A cylindrical object. A long shaft. It's so facto. You got a long shaft that's full of Viga. A f*** you hapless mother f***er. There you go. Well yeah look. You're the one who said we should release those other singles to try and cash in on freshmen. As the argument escalated, Vanderarch tunted Slappy with his decision to release more singles. Each representing a different grade level. We were merely soft moors. We were merely juniors. We were underpass. Right. So it didn't work. Verf pipe still means a thunderous unbridled erection. Does not know what you always bring up this. The Verf pipe. Maybe the name means penis. Maybe it doesn't. It probably doesn't matter when you're dealing with a f***er with sons of f*** like these. It's a big juicy, stopping weddle like a show business. Tonight. Uninside them behind. I bet you broke a Brian Remembers K-Winging on Verf Records and more. That was never the song from the movie Mando Coney. I saw that movie. Did you? I thought we were interesting. That song was a bit my theme song long time ago. Really. But a hundred years ago. And. Yeah. Strange stuff in that movie. Was it? Mando Coney. And then what Michael said to his sister. 12 16 at five, 16, WQAM. Oh, here's a facts from Jane Boynton B2 says. I also saw bowling for colabina thought it was done very well. My only complaint, of course I have a complaint being from South Florida, was that Michael Moore didn't really pinpoint his absolute number one cost for the gun violence in America. I interrupt this facts, yes I can, because Jay, I don't think Michael Moore was putting himself in a position of having all the answers. He was just laying out to you the way it is. And pointing out that they're a variety, you know, it's not like, you know, take this pill and all of these things will go away. The instant cure. It's a report not a conclusion. It says he's, look at that. Did you see what just fell out of my eye? No, Bouger. To live. Says he spread the blame around plenty, but it came off toothed on each reason because there were so many factors he cited. I still loved a pathotic could have been better. He would have focused his top three reasons only. Ha ha ha. Just curious if you would agree with that. No, I would not. Jay. Have you seen the big La Bowsky Jay wants to know? I have not seen the big La Bowsky except on TV spots. She's a cow. Now were you the one tell me I should see it or not? Not me. I'll ever say it. Oh, and of course would I pay an attention that thing, no. The thing. Hey, we got a thing, Philist, let's, let's hire the thing. And then at the bottom of his face, Jay, in small print. But this is the most important part. It says, please. Please stop playing the hour long bids. Maybe you could cut it down to a half an hour, but a whole hour per day songs sends me to the dial. It says, well, let's fight out. There are no showers. Since there are no calls on the board right now anyway, there's not a single call on there. It's Monday. It's still, we're like in limbo. The kids are back in school, but a whole lot of people are still in vacation. And the people who are back in town are after the weekend. They're like, is this rambling? This is the ultimate Monday. Right. Looking busy anyway. Trying to like pretend that they got, you know, their life in order. They're going to try to put it in order. Like they're doing some real work. Not around here, though. Not around here because nobody cares because school is marching up in a, I'm not joking when I talk. You know me, I would never pick out a way somebody looks, no, especially the way I look. You know, although I look pretty good for me right now. For me, not in general, but for me, but she's, Oh, she like a pinhead. I hadn't noticed. She's like a pencil and a geek. Maybe she had a word that sweater you were talking about for that turtle next sweater. Joseph Gackie could learn. Man, she looks nasty. So what do you think about that one to two hour boys in girls? Yeah, or nay? Thumbs up, thumbs down? Did you didn't hear? Back home, whatever. Let's examine this with the audience. What do you say? WCWM. You are a thumbnail? Speaking. Hey, what's up dude? How are you doing man? I don't want to talk to you, Spag. WCWM. Well, yes, one fucking meal. Speaking. Neal. Yes. Have you seen W's latest polling from Saudi Arabia? Yes, it's on our website. See, we keep on talking to these things. 52% yeah. Yes. Follow my Iraq. How about Al Franken's book? Is it just satire or any truth? I don't. I haven't read it. Number one, Amazon. Right. Is it really? Yes. It's number one on Amazon. Ferrand balanced. No, no. Al Franken. Oh, yeah. Right. Like their fair and balance. That's. Have a great day, pal. Hey, Neal, did you know that a blinking got shot? Getting back to that poll, these stupidity of the American public seems to be leading the way. With 148 votes. It's just welcome home. No, no, it's a whether I'm here or not. The calls are going to be a no different. Although this does add a little bit to the ambiance of it being here. Do you feel better being closer now? No, people. No, I don't. Now lie nine. You know, that's going to be WCWM chronicline. Yeah. You are WCWM. WCWM? Hey, I'll go. Yes, sir. Hey, I got a comment and a continue to a poll for you. Why are people that drive Mustang such a whole? Okay. WCWM? Meal. Yes, sir. Please don't put it for relatives. WCWM? Neogot. Speaking. Hey, I got your stuff from I learned on the website. Came in the mail on Saturday. All right. People who are scared to order on the website. Why I don't understand why this should be a freight order on the website. What does that mean struck by lightning and electrocuted? They were scared last time. It took a long time to get up. Well, I see. Maybe they're afraid now. Not this time. This time we're kicking ass man. We're making them sure they get it out right away or. I'll probe a special outfit. Right. We got some pro professionals looking up in the book doing it. I was smoking a ball on Saturday and it's not them. Do you think that's got a rifle service? What do you look good? He just dropped the block and ran. Not only in the movie. Okay. Have a great time, Pally. Hey, you smoke one for us. Smoke a big fat one for us. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T. What about that one and two hour? Come on. Let's hear it. We're giving you people last. Already 21 past noon. I haven't made up my mind. Definitely definitively. Positive. Positive. Although. I'll learn. I see. And now why does he do that? He does it because he knows I'll pick it up. Yeah. 0, 9, asshole line. F, whole line. Neo God. This is a real collar online, 9. This is a real collar. Like I said, we apologize, that's profusely, but I'll hold the. I'll reserve my judgment. You wanted me to call back online too. No. Okay. Go ahead. I love this show. I love the bits, but I'll full- hours killer. Yeah. I'm popping the CD. It, you're the spot. Okay. But welcome back to hell. I got you down. You're right. I got you. Good call. Excellent call. Oh, that even grossed me out. I take that back to. Can't take it back. It's already out there in the year. Can smell it right on the internet. 560, 50560, pound 560. Can you imagine those old and days when Greg was like, Oh, and you know, inspecting. Wow. Excusating. WQAM. Yes, sir. Hey, which up buddy? How you know? Listen, I don't know if anybody called. I just heard nobody called. Who's a guy in the afternoon? It does the update. Still over guy. Ken Moldin. Yeah. Did you hear what he said Saturday? No, I was not here. I was listening to the big old. And he was giving the store the dolphin game. Yeah. And they scored 30. And he said, a post 30 man. Did he really? Yeah. Yeah. He's a man today. Yeah. That's Ken. Yeah. Okay. That's all I wanted to know. By the way, George is the absolute works. Okay. Thanks. I see. Oh, here's the facts. Is a pouring off to the show. Here's that story about the autistic boy dies at Healing Service. Oh, it was bad enough when I called it him, but to see this in print from the Associated Press Milwaukee. An autistic eight year old boy died while being restrained during a church prayer service held in an attempt to cure him. And one man connected with a small stir front church was arrested. Police in a church official said yesterday. The boys mother took him to the faith temple church of the apostolic faith for the healing service Friday night. You religious people are the crazy people on town you're right now. That's the little correct. Several church members prayed over him for more than an hour until somebody noticed he wasn't moving and called 911 said Bishop David Hempill senior. Hempill said the boy and his mother had been going to the prayer services for the past three weeks. Members of the church made up of just six families prayed for God to release the evil spirits that caused the boys illness he said. And where the hell did they get the where did they get that from the exorcist that they're playing on a forl show by the way that I heard this morning coming in. That's the whole place you'll tell us you where they get that who you're. Huh? They have their own uh you know stuff. That's their own stuff possibly or somebody came in here and took it and stole it maybe. That's okay for all can I have it. Don't do it again pal. The boy just had a problem in his mind of what we were doing was asking God the fixed at Hempill said he chose to fix it by taking him back home to him. Oh there we go an ethical crap again. He called him home. All I know is we're not guilty of anything you said church members wrapped the boy in sheets. To keep him from scratching himself and others but the boy was allowed to sit anyway that he feels comfortable Hempill said police would not say what the man could be charged with only that they were waiting the results of an autopsy. If he died which I heard they doubt of some natural cause he won't be charged with anything to serious police captain Linda Haynes. He said she did not believe the boy had been structuring the service. Police would not identify the man who was arrested but Hempill said it was his brother Ray Hempill another minister at the church. We believe that according to the board of God a person could get evil spirited spiritedness he said. Either God is going to have to deliver or we're going to have to do whatever we can until things get better. The church is not connected when he larger denominations has only six families together twice a week to pray and discuss scripture Hempill said. The church's main window was boarded up Sunday as were those of several businesses that neighbor it in a rundown strip ball on the city's northwest corner. This is in Milwaukee. Honey like that. Boarded up. High tail of the town. The exces of didn't work. The power of Christ to praise you. The power of Christ to praise you. The power of Christ to praise you. The power of Christ to praise you. The power of Christ to praise you. The power of Christ to praise you. You turned. The power of Christ to praise you. I got the wrong buttons here because it don't match. See that was another great thing that our good friend that was his name did before he left. Julio. I like fat Julio is a good guy but you know when you're going to make the board one I'm making matching pots you know what I'm saying. I'm saying good idea. Sure. I got to make it a little bit too much sense. But anyway. So that was my bad. So now we're even one bad for George one bad for Neil. I feel better. And several bads for the whole audience. Now that cause have been a pretty damn weak. Look at a pole though man. A pole results on there. Spectacular 374 votes. And it's only about 12. 30. Which of these things bugs you the most? These stupidity-demark and public hundred fifty nine. That's the correct answer. People who won't speak English seven. I just put that under for the anti-spic proud you know. George W. Bush being a moron 66. George filling in for Neil 37. More Howard David's only got 23. Only 23 say mo is a bother and end the most. That's refreshing. Absolutely. As well as covered with that too seven. How about assholes covered with like a cloth. Like sheets. People with tons of body jewelry five. Arnold running for governor five and sports nerd still only two. I'll tell you that's a very low number when you consider that they were talking about the guy named Little League World Series on Moan for L Show this morning. You idiot's out there. Oh that was really good ball. I'd rather watch that than the major league or anything. Oh man. Talk about stupid, try to asshole cliches you know. I saw about 20 seconds of it. That was it. Little tiny kids playing baseball you know. But one team was from Boeton Beach who gives a crap. Who the hell cares about freaking Boeton Beach. Did somebody throw ball and did someone else throw somebody else. He's a swung at it and somebody ran around the bus. That's what they were saying. Two as a matter of. Matter from Japan. 27 pass noon at five sixty wq m announcing a 2000. I haven't seen my good close friend Bob Eisenberg today. It's enough to make me flip my lid. I'm not saying a 2003 Neil Deal blowout sale going on right now at Halle Patti XGMC. Get the lowest prices in the universe from Tom Lamin and Joe Pareto. Here's the list. Neil Deal number one gets 0% financing for 60 months on every 2003. Patti Echor GMC in stock. Neil Deal number two get up to a $4,000 rebate on every 2003. GMC in Patti Echon stock and you curred in former military personnel. You know the deal. If you go to Halle right now you can get yourself an additional $750 rebate. And you can buy a 2003 Patti XGMC right now from just 11,998 or a full size Sierra for just 15,998. So hurry and now inventory is be limited. And at Halle you can still test drive any vehicle on law for 24 hours. You can take it home. Take it to work. Take it to the seminal Indians. Where would you want? And Halle does always has got a great selection of dependable. That's the operative word. Dependable certified pre-owned cars trucks and SUVs. And if you're credit isn't the best in the world. If it may be is even on a marginal side. Don't be nervous. Still hit for Halle because they want to make you a deal and they will. Halle Patti XGMC you'll find with 134.01. 60 highway. That's on prestigious US one across from the falls open every day, 7 days a week. If you want complete details on these great kneel deals. Call the kneel deal hotline, toll free at 1.38. 534.4211. That's 1.38. 534.4211. Don't forget all kneel deals. Subtitucuated a Proveller friends in Halle for the tails. When you do your shopping with me at Halle Patti XGMC. Then I put those in the wrong order. Well whatever. They are professional grades. My life and love. This is Fort Radio 564. Where is you, A.M.? I don't care about the Canada you too fast. Now play from Snees Workfield. Special nostril or tactics. Snod. It's gonna blow. Snod. Sorry Michelle Rodriguez for the anti-Histamine. And Samuel Smell Jackson has Lieutenant Peck. Yeah, I'm Peck. This is Nicky. There's Ronit and that's Nicky. Snod. Based on the long running television show, Phil Seal says this is no tear jerk. So leave the airhead be at home. He and shallons. That's not smells like a winner. Snod. A George Newcaste for dot chef. Coming soon. Kobe vs. Freddy. And it likes Saturday. Okay 1233 at 560 WDQM. Or debate. Oh you know what that is? Them must be the ACD deck. That bottom CD deck is screwed up. Remember you tell me you were having problems with this? Yeah. Yeah. Like that. That's a problem technically in a studio. I just want to mention that in passing. That's that the audience really cares. But just you know, just he know we got some assholes working around here as usual. So that was the message about my stuff and it's gonna be fine. Yeah. It's all good. When I was bummed on the floor he said it's all good. Now he's not my type tool. 567. 560. Pound 5. We had only had one call about the one to two comedy but sour. And it's already 26 minutes off. A lot of tension. A lot of pressure building. W2QAN. And it's already 20 minutes. And they got the radio just blasting QAN. Don't be sorry. Don't be sorry. Stand up for yourself like a real man. You don't watch inside after Studio. No. They have the symptoms cast on. Doing all the voices that you could see their faces. Yeah. It was pretty bizarre. Almost the bizarre is what he's not sorry now. Yeah. I knew it was what he. I knew it was him. After about the first four words. He just beat me to why we're going to say this is Woody. And he's sorry for what? For being an asshole is that what it is? No. No, not for calling. For being an asshole. We are two Woody. WQAN. Hello. Well, Chris will be a jet just at time to beat the dolphins. I'm sorry. I don't know. WQAN. Yes sir. How are you? Great. Are you there? I'm here. Who's laughing there? I'm here. Who's laughing there? I'm here. Who's laughing there? I'm sorry. What is that in the back? What are you listening to? You're not even listening to this station. Yeah. What was your station? I was holding so long that I didn't realize I was on. But who was laughing in the back there? You were. Oh, I see. It sounded like a little. I'm glad you see that you're awake today. Yeah. You're awake today. No. Can you give me a little information on why would one of the large news agencies? No agencies. What does that mean? No. What does that mean? No, that works. Yeah. I mean, I never even see. I always fear. You know, one or two of our soldiers have told every day or every day. Right. I never see. Who it is. Not because that's bad news. They don't want to like, I'm just saying, they only want to give it that wall of hero is of all the people that are coming back alive. You know, if it's unbelievable if these kids are over there. And I guarantee you not a Chinese kids are not a bushes kid. That is correct. No, no, no, no, no. I'm going to get you to busy get drunk. Oh, exactly. Or get you or selling drugs in a rehab, not going to jail for. Right. The, right. The, the, the. You know, she has an ounce of rock cocaine. Right. And it doesn't go to the government had an ounce of common sense. Now, now, you notice they're trying to like, they want to repeal. They want the, a public to repeal the class size amendment. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Because I guess his devious plans didn't work out too well. And you know, I mean, he ran as the education governor. Yeah, they're, they're like, they're like, they're like his. That would be like his retired brother running as the education president. Right. Yeah. Yeah. 47. 50. Yeah. We should have got Mississippi. Me man. And we're about a family. Nothing. We got Bama Mississippi, Louisiana. Hey, listen, you just come back and try on what's happening with a lease. Anything. They're going to suck. All right. They've got nobody. They got nobody. This side Brian McCabe and the path is signed to Todd Gill and X leave. And that's about it. It's got to be desperate. It's going to be a long season. The next year they could be any season. It's got to know what to do. You know what's amazing is that the guys down here. They had it going so good. I don't know where we're going to scream. They did. They did. You know, they really. They destroyed. They destroyed the franchise. That's right down here. They destroyed it. You know, you never want to. I'd like to see them do something. I'd like to see them sign one big, I mean, even medium name, not Todd Gill is it over the hill. He'll used to be good defense. Me and he used to be okay. I'm kind of about somebody's going to make a difference. Well, I think the little brewery's going to be like a piece of crap. He's crap. Hey, but he's not your skating. That's good. Yeah, that's great. I'm very impressed to be down in the skating. Valerie Bray sucks. Don't ever forget a man. Yeah, a month before it. And I mean, his brother, a friend. Don't forget the 10 million were saving from his brother. They're going to spend that money on free agents. Right. But that's going to be after we're dead and bury. They're going to spend it. Oh, I'm doing it. They're investing it with mid-hours to help make it grow. So they can spend a lot more. I mentioned mid-hours just now. Oh, send a chill up and down my spine. I mean, can you imagine what kind of person would have put me in touch with a guy like mid-hours? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and then not pay me the 14 bucks from that lottery ticket. I mean, oh, you can swing it. I can swing what? A golf club just said, I might just do that right at the doctor. Why he's going to be at the doctor's anyway? You know, right? You're going to do physical damages. Somebody might as well do well. Physical health is nearby. We could probably find what around here. Golf club. How about a baseball bat sounds good to me? I got a hockey stick you can borrow. Can we just show you what you'll do? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. We're not getting any calls about that big one or two are the comedy with our. Well, and I still haven't made up my mind. Because if we keep getting a lot of calls like it is now and after they're so good. But I'll, you know, not want. Huh? No, it's the first day. I mean, the first day back to the full schedule. In fact, I hate to, I, you know, I'm going to be honest like I try to be as much as possible when it's not dangerous. But I mean, the prospect of coming back to this five days a week. I don't, I don't, I don't remember how it was last year. But I continue this year. It's not a pretty, you know what I mean? No, because I mean, you're older. I guess it's a real easy or something like that. No, I didn't look forward to it. I mean. No. No, I'm not. I've been thinking about it and thinking about it. I kept thinking, God, that Tuesday and Thursday thing was, it was just perfect. It was like every week in the fourth day or it couldn't be any better. And then after Thursday, it like two o'clock then you're off the rest of Thursday and you got Friday and Saturday and Sunday and Monday. That's four and a half days. It's like having a beyond vacation every guy named week about Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday and Saturday and Sunday. You mean off? No, aren't. In other words, working just Monday? They'll take Monday and Friday off so you can have four day weekends. Yeah, three days a week in the middle. Take Monday and Friday off and then of course Wednesday because that's the one to two comedy bits are normally anyway. We just hope it's. So it's like I said, you work two of the answers. I do. I don't know. It's just a hell of a lot of hours to put in for the kind of future paider paying me in this place. I'll tell you that right now. And of course, Clarence and Duffy. Oh, it's so great to see it. It's sucking my ass. Yeah, I don't want to be here. Okay. I don't mind doing the show, but I just, I do not want to be here. This every time I come back to this place, I realize and and people that knock me for knocking this down, you're full of crap. Okay. This is the end of the goddamn world. This is Uranus man. It's the village. This is the. Right. On the universe, you can smell it. This is a place that doesn't work. I just came back from a place that does work. Toronto, Canada, you got Pakistanis and Indians and Shmatha heads and Jews and Goyam and Chinese. Everybody's there in the dark. No problem. No, we don't have too many dark. That's why it works so well. 20 to a year. And I'll say it again. I'll take another several days in the dark. No power. No fridge. No nothing. No TV. Although I would get a battery operated radio this time. I'll take it as a post to be in here. My body, when my body produces the kind of floating. Missiles that I deposited in that boldest morning. My body is sending me a message. You don't say. My body is telling me, ah, ah, no mole. And if we had that drop in here, I could play. No mole. No mole. It's not even in here. Where is it? You got it. Oh my god. I got to leave now. All the good stuff is up in my studio in Toronto. I don't even know where you got that from. From Poker Brian. Then he said it to you. No mole. No mole. No mole. It's my favorite. And I come down here. I have it. That was beautiful. Oh god. Get out of here. Idiot. 19 to one. It's 560. We're still debating that one or two hour. I think I already got the verdict. Do you have kids going back to college? And it's stinks in here too. Man. What is that? For the past 10 minutes has spelled something. Sounds like there's a dead mouse in the assuming or something. Maybe that's what I was supposed to do. Oh. It's got that dead mousey smell. I really concerned. How come every time I come home? There's animals. Maybe they're coming to greet me. They're open my attic. Wake up 60 to this morning. I hear like the pattern of feet up in the attic. I had a feeling like maybe both my dogs came back in the spirit of my dogs. Came back and we were rushing to try to see me. And then I'm in there shaving. It's like you're open the attic. I'm not exaggerating. It was loud. It was loud. Like a whole family of like coons moved into my attic. They get squatters. Well, let them go to Amsterdam. Okay. It's legal there. Please go back to college. The next couple of weeks will if you do. Why not give them one of the comforts of home. A great new bed from down on mattress. So they can get a great night sleep and just screw their lungs out on it. By calling 1-800 mattressing order a new mattress from down on mattress for your college student and set them up right in their office campus apartment. When you call 1-800 mattress, you can choose from dozens of models from a ceiling. Sort of tempered pedic simmons are king coil at low student prices. And it doesn't matter where the college student is headed. They're staying in South Florida. Like at the U of M for bid or headed to Philly Boston, New York, Washington or Michigan State or Michigan or Ohio or Wisconsin or Notre Dame. The bedding experts at dialometres will make them feel like they're ready home even if they're going to like you Shiva. Get to bed now by dialing 1-800-MATT-RES who gets service like you only dream about from the delivery team right number one in customers satisfaction. The carry only the first quality name brand mattresses at discount prices. No crap. No house brands. No irregular. No seconds. Only the best. And when you call with dialometres at 1-800 mattress, you pick today in time of delivery. It's convenient for you with an any-to-hour window seven days away from 8 in AM till 10 in the PM and your kids will be sleeping well the first night and maybe get in some action too. With low prices, same day delivery free set of and removal, it's easy to see. Like dialometres is right. No matter what. No one in customer satisfaction. No one in all he said. No crap. Is that a good idea? Is that a good idea? Everybody. Is that a good idea? Turn up bitch. Everybody gets a student discounted dialometres to pick up the phone now and call 1-800-MATRES. That's 1-800-MATT-RES. Run line check about at mactrys.com. My little girl, this is my 60's. The ring is on yours. I'm happy to wait. Jesus, are you fucking kidding me? She's a tomato band. Yeah, hold. She's a tomato mouta mouta call. She's a tomato mouta call. She's a tomato mouta call. She's a tomato mouta call. She's a tomato fan. She's a tomato kittler. She's a tomato mouta call. She's a tomato mouta call. She's a tomato som. She's a tomato mouta call. She's a tomato moor. She's a tomato mouta call. She is a attributable boyfriend. He's a clickman, she's a tomato mouta call. Hey listen up a kid. Can I go to their last bottle? Give me your lamb okay Ooh What time are we? MacF oop All right Cooper You better I want to give you a kiss Power 4 to get in inerie 160 convene be sure top bouquet Brian don't to ask me any questions okay I'm not sure if you just tell him to stay in hell away from me. Here's a facts from. From Wendy. Well, I just, you know, I just, I just, I'm back in town. I don't want people clawing and grabbing and squeezing and, you know, would you do it? You know, you don't already told me what he wants. You know, okay, but leave me alone. Do you know what I'm saying? I mean, I know there's a lot of flesh here, but most of it is just the crap. Oh, let him pinch it in. No, he, that's all I got. Wendy says, an absolutely devoted listeners, KAT. How do you like that? Oh my God. Exactly. A few points. I never, ever turn yours show off until the hour boredom started. The bits are great accessories to entertaining talk, but an all honesty in our of these bits is Schmitz. Says Wendy. It's the Schmitz. Also, we women look at a gay hunk and say the same thing. What a waste. I understand that. Also, George is pretty good, issues that said are a butt. He speaks so quickly and with no emotion. He's like a robot. Man. But there's really no place for local fair and balanced liberal talk. In fact, there's no place for where we're thinking people at all. I, yeah, there is called Canada. I must say for the first time in my very opinion in 50 years, I've kind of been keeping quiet. It's so stupid out there, Wendy says, thank you for all you do. Your terrorist and very appreciated. Well, thanks Wendy. Nice Wendy. That's sweet. No, not sweet. It is BDR. What, oh, now what is that crap? You're drinking his red bull? Dick and cider. You're drinking Dick and cider? Yes, I am. But it's got sugar in it, right? Oh, yeah. Why is it so out there? Can you have red bull or something? No, Dick and cider. Before he brought you this, you didn't have am I dreaming this? You must be. Okay, I'm dreaming it. Am I dreaming it? Absolutely. How's that pull coming? Pretty heavy duty. I'll tell you that. Which of these things bugs you the most? The stupidity they were. Can people 184 out of 421 votes? George W. Bush being a moron 75. Bugs us. People of W.S. picking was 74. Settenta Clotrol. George Phillygan for Neil 41. Mohour David, only 25. They're starting to warm up a little bit tomorrow. Absolutely. And not. Or he's pushed out of the way. They don't bother him. Oh yeah, he's small potatoes. Now he's fading into the night, you know? Into the night with Benny Mardonis. Asoles covered with tattoos eight. What's wrong with covering your asshole with the tattoo or two? It's a good place for him. Arnold running for governor six. People with tons of body jewelry five. And sports nerds only three. And what about that little big world series? If I hear one more call on this radio station from Asoles, what did you say? Because the freaking little league world series and the boiten beats little tini kids and the Japanese there. Seriously, that was enough to make me just take you. If I could physically reach into my dash and take the radio and just like the old family, when used to get him installed your own radio in a we used to make fun of the high school sports discussions. Right. Little league. Elementary school. Little kids. And are discussing this on the highly touted, but low rated more Howard David showed this morning. That must have been just after one called in. WQAM. Hello. God bless you Neil. I'm sorry that you're back in town. I think you should go one to two. Also, just one to two. That sounds good. George, can you 10 to one? I'll do one to two. I'd be like that. 10 to one. I can slip in. What is it? 10 to one. All mixed. That's it. 10 to one. That sounds good. I like it. Sounds like a plan to me. Thank you. 560. 560. What do you think? Okay. Yes. Sounds like I'm agreeable. Look at that. 185 people. 43.5% are bugged. Grossed out by these stupidity American public. Is our middle name. That's our middle name, baby. Don't forget bowling for collarby. I bet you're very few people in the Saudi interview. Watch that. That's there. That's probably about it. How much of a girl hasn't seen it. Not yet. Now he wouldn't like it. Makes fun of his hero. That goes through. Chuck instance. Moses. And we like Moses. You son of a bitch. Yeah. What is the path to the job? Talk to him. I like Moses. We call huh? Moughy! Professor. How are your? I'm doing pretty good. Yeah. I wanna talk about the piss hour for a minute. Just. I think Monday to Thursday keep with that at the one to two yeah, and I'm Friday one to two George did a great job playing the music that don't hear all the time Oh Oh Oh, I saw my gosh the sharp pain. I Enjoy that. Well, I'm happy for you It was fresh. I'm the new it was fresh and exciting and delicious. Okay. Thanks no chance George's music blows five six. I Thought it was you did what got a lot of compliments lot of voice well, that's my music You know, I really should play that longer like that part just there and because because that proves beyond a shadow about the dead bitch couldn't sing a note It's elected painted on it She was obnoxious Tell me about it. Grow test. Yeah. I thought you were being just a typical hard ass as you rule, but you're right Oh Jesus God was she terrible did your parents not force feed things at you that you resented bitterly that were crap Not let you escape Them all right just them. You know wasn't into like an artist or something like that. No, just wouldn't leave you alone about Yeah, well, that's what I had I'm parents of me to see Judy Garland and senior wences all of that I was wrong with that Judy Garland. Oh, that's right Maybe that's me. Yeah, I started turning way to go mom. I already knew you would have had an air by already knew it's weird Okay, at least we didn't go see lies in Manelli or Barbara's dry sand I'm not too much into cross-eyed bitches, you know even Christy Kruger Five six and now who's the please don't tell me it was though? Who's the weather brought on channel seven the blonde? Jackie Jackie Johnson now please please tell me that that wasn't heard that I saw this weekend all weekend long Every time I flipped over to channel seven. I don't know Think it's some blood weather bitch on there and so how it's because I remember remember we discussed at last time I was here that I saw her She's really not the her face is pretty weak. I don't think Jackie works the weekends. Oh This if you look up the word growth now I'll be kind ugly This weather bitch from channel seven. She I mean her hair was beautiful. You know what I'm saying? But You could put beautiful here on rosanne bar and that would make her attractive it would make her sexy It would make her beautiful it would be a she would be a paid with beautiful hair Right right You could put beautiful here on screen and it would be a big improvement I still can't get over though I've never seen a person be theory rates so fast as she is oh and of course all I can think of was yeah What goes around comes around bitch? Stop and take a sum of the people that we know that we you don't see them for a long time I'll give you an example. Here's his a clue. Oh Henry Burrell right from W. Y. O. D. World news a sky we used to like Henry. Okay. He was alright. Telly is stuck like a mic reader is back And he ballooned up and he came in here with his lovely daughter He's got a what was he doing? He's come some spots or something right some food to deal Scamies go on something yeah and obviously he's sampling all of the goodies that he's promoting because he had ballooned up to like And he had he'd always been a little a little on the heavy side, but not fat You ever would call Henry fat a little bit of a punch middle age punch But he was fat. I mean discussing we fat to the poor where we thought he's he's gonna die doubled in size could have not seen you Mongers he was starting to challenge fat boy. Oh I was speaking a fat by the way to beast his down to 256. He started to 84, but you know He's still a top of crap. I'm not I'm just not buying into it until he gets down to like under 26 again, which was his low point that you realize what that means How many pounds he's gained back since he was in his low about Exactly 256 to 26 sounds like Yeah, on a five foot body on a guy that's like four five foot my ass when he's dead on Joseph Eccchi shoulders these five foot tall. He's about four eight Four eight with platform shoes And here we are working Friendly to try to save his life and his parents say a spoiled rich kid keep force feeding taking him on cruises I think I think those people should be charged with parental malpractice myself The fun to two hour hi, baby New this fall on NBC from the makers of the summer's runaway hit queer eye for the straight guy Comes a brand new program. It's straight eye for the queer guy. Hi guys. I'm Trevor What is this think up in here? What is that? Mostly flowers is something that's my Popeye ring. Oh, Paul Ray. Let me help that smell Oh, let's discuss it Yeah, thank you very much credit. Oh look at the clothes. He's got over you. What kind of Pants is this? Meaning a cabin climb. Ah, where's the bacon strip taking step? You know the skin mark. These are too clean You can't have this kind of under one kind of pants. Are you aware of anyway? Garcio pants. Routure pants It gets magic wave with a hundred allies. Oh, you look like a rumble party no friends there. I know you're on Charlie look at his CDs. You're looking at what size stories sound the music Oklahoma Goal and Barry Manalo Bobby's try say lies in manally where is your rush? Where is your zephtway? Where's your Metallica? Where's your race C DC? I don't know what you're talking about Man, you gotta get some real pooms up in here. Let's check out the refrigerator see what kind of food you What is this barrier? There's Perry a pair of your wood what the hell is that? Spike Lee what it's dangerous You're but wise doing your one onion. Look at it. It's so for cushions. What is that? There's nothing there Exactly Ways you cheese noodle. Where's your freedom? Where's your various change? Told you I don't eat that kind of stuff. I try to keep very healthy and you don't want ways you born Where do you keep it my what your born for your weed? No, I don't have that but I want to these oh Oh All right, that's what I just want to lie to oh don't bring that thing name Let's check out the bathroom here real quick. Oh He mows and why these all this shampoo condition the cream rinse. What is this? Am I hearing me? Look, all you need is a bottle lava. That's right. Good at it. Yeah, he's working. True. Yeah. Hey, you're all done And watch his everything. It's your piss you get your undercarriage Everything, all right, so I should just throw your face So small very soft isn't it I'm in the 10th and 80s shave three oh Once a week hop, unless you got a funeral or something once a week that's it you're gonna ruin your skin Okay, it's great. I for the queer guy this fall on NBC Let me show you guys the bedroom all geez. I'm a little nervous going in here Here we go One all three at five 60. We're not doing the comedy with today. Okay, no, that's a cop-out That's like we are I admitted that I was doing that mainly to help you out because I felt sorry for you that one day And then I thought well I can take advantage of it too to complete this game and it worked out great Sure Now is the time as it would even though we don't want to face the music now is the time What was that about you playing music for now? I played music for now. I did twice as a matter of fact Oh my god, you did twice did it the second time because we had such a rave response to the first time Old outdated stuff that you haven't heard in 20 years that was still good, but they don't play it any like one Like old 80s music and 70s things strange things like one you mean exactly My first sense and the O and D and stuff like that He's he fan-tazzy was a haven't played yet, but I will on Labor Day Things you never knew existed George is working on Labor Day by the way because we don't want to play the best of tapes. I don't I was gonna give you an alternative and I went into clearance and I said what are their choices? I said because I'm not working Labor Day. That's a week from today He said well we could play the tapes or George can work. I said okay George is working. We're not playing those tapes ever again even the for out tapes Although we could have George talking about sports. That's an idea Let me face my student show How clearance in the beast we talk about high school sports not talking about sports parents and a beast engaging in their favorite sport Amal penetration Don't you think that would be great? Huh, I get about a 90s share right here Oh Clarence and the beast be cordoned in his orifice a couple days ago You see that long look on his push this morning. You know what the beast told us That's what he told him so let's see now that we're diving into this one to two I'll see the tremendous response because that's what this audience is famous for doing is saying oh that's a word Okay, well, what do you want you don't I leaving you hanging you're gonna say leaving you hanging in the butt Because it can change in an instant in a heartbeat you won't believe how fast those bits can start 560 I don't see much action on this phone WQAM There you go suggestions for our schedule. That's good. How's the pull coming look at that which of these things bugs you the most? a tremendous spectacular response on here 455 votes Okay, these stupidity American public 198 people the world speaking was 82 George W. Bush being a moron is tied 82 George filling in for Neil only 45 and I say only cuz ordinarily It's much worse than that. More Howard David at 25 assholes covered with tattoos eight Arnold running for governor seven People with tons of body jewelry six like freaky Carlos up front and sports. There's only three That's amazing to me Even on the stations only three people are bothered are bugged by sports nerds As well as they talk about the little league world series You know if I was more what's that god? I'm not, but I and I am I'm sitting on their talk into one and then I'm talking about the little league world serious And about this 10 year old kid with a great the left hand over to great arm and then I would wonder how come nobody is listening to everybody He's me like poison He looked for a Lauren. I think would be the word. I would use out there to park in lots this morning when I pulled and he looked for a Lauren and It was guilty, you know suck in suck in suck in Saved some Dingo bearish for tomorrow morning Did you know that he does he actually puts them back in when it shows there's some more so moke yeah He does he stuff some back in there so moke and walk around and pick a back out again 5 6 7 0 5 6 b W to Q a m Hey, you know how you doing okay? Welcome back. Oh, yeah sure. It's easy for you to see I'm wondering why why I don't know maybe you have you have you have played or not more Howard announcement on the game this weekend When he mentioned about the hardest club inches in the NFL I come to have a collegiate that yet. I'm pretty sure you can have a lot of fun because they haven't given it to me They're crazy. That's because I wanted the first things we and for you when you get into this morning I'll be damned All right glad to hear you back. Thanks for the good news. Look at this Here is somebody's resume On somebody must have got this off the internet. I guess how would you get somebody's resume off the internet? They have these job finder sites Well guess what is Somebody we used to work with. I'll give you one clue Greg me down now. Did my number work with Greg Boudell? Somebody we used to work with Steve Nichol right Am I good or what? Versus town media slash marketing manager Target job title marketing director and here's his resume. Now, maybe it's not the same guy Let's see we locate here's his target locations Phoenix Florida anywhere Florida and the whole list of stuff here's his phone number. Now. I wouldn't do that to Steve But where's his resume? Oh here you go program director Cox broadcasting Man is the highly creative and energetic staff of Miami for Lauderdale's legendary station Wild Direct responsibility for managing and motivating talent show produces and a highly energized creative news staff manage the staff of 45 Highly skilled professionals Re-image Moza. That's all she's talking about. I know that re-image the station reformatted sweepers Yeah, that's all he's always got about. I'll be vacuum cleaner. We had you know it Re-formatted sweepers intro is in station promos adding attitude and topical references many updated daily Re-formatted dolphins play by play and other network related programs to make them revenue friendly Responsible for oh By your tongue Responsible for programming and marketing department budgeting step up above above above above During my tenure Wild6 sent a chief the coveted number one rank in the 25 to 54 male audience couldn't have that out of without him could wake Sure We were number one before he got there and After he left after you left pass. I after that wonderful dinner that night with the run of pink wolf and peep bulger Who told us that they paid Steve Nichol to go away remember that how does my re- reg it? It was at the Burton Jacksonville and that why are you bringing me? I keep room so you're in a special reason why you're bringing me this crap about these little kids playing a baseball so we can analyze it at length 10 minutes after one at five 60 WC coming that's what we're only doing three breaks the star this is good. You want to try save this Steven Because your read is number you'll put it on the website you get us in all kinds of trouble just like that stuff What does the emails that almost got you fired? Oh, we'll put it on our wet all those damn emails from poor mode and nearly cost you your job You'd be out there washing dishes at goddamn of burger king right now And they didn't even have any dishes five six seven oh five 60 pound five and see this is what they wanted to want it to To our anyone in the comedy, but I don't we haven't gunning calls got a call on one line scream us I thought it was a fine idea because we still are we still are way short of a full load in this town And more and more ways than one we got a load alright But not the kind we're looking for There's a lot of people out there if they don't have to have to come rushing back in to send their kids back to school There are a lot of people like all over the goddamn world. Oh, I've finally speaking about over the world. How about those 10,000 friends who died while you're off Shirok was vacationing in Quebec a They had it coming How do you like that they should have gone swimming 10,000 people? I went to high school in cannon day when New York Guess what the population was 10,000 right? That's like it's like you wake up one morning everybody's dead. They're all gone. So make it by by Amazing 10,000 friendsman died of course. I'm thinking of myself. I'm happy all bad How about I should probably admit that I understand the old people dying of heat stroke and they can't get out Yeah, what's everybody else's excuse it's hot get a drink go swimming And how do you know any young people died it had to have been maybe one or two They said it was all old people about except maybe but turn man maybe that still old people died Maybe it's something we can think about for like sunrise That's a good point here. So the sweltering heat our old people don't die they just keep multiplying Oh But they do get a good big melon on out there Sure, it's good go out there walk around and they have those the rain catch your hats, you know, it's terrific And the and the duck bill glass attachment and the checkered pants Or the lime green or lemon lemon yellow doesn't look paper From an it's after one at five 60 it's our one to two hour you for one I had a lot of calls on here, but I'd like I told you before I'll get around it or maybe not I don't know I'm just rambling here. I'm just rambling but they'd rather hear me rambling all those stupid as comedy, but it's okay That's fine for Wednesdays now we were sticking to Wednesday when it's noon That's not going away. Okay, but that's for hump day that we need that We need that badly If any of these assholes out there had any idea what this is like five goddamn days a week four hours a day It was seriously I thought of the prospect of that. I thought of myself I'd rather like I'd rather go back to seminal Indian bingo And let the old people let the old people spend the meal. I mean anything Then think about five days a week four hours a day Airviday coming up with something new every day is the birthday. Yeah, what what's what's so But you're gonna do first today. Oh, I have a Same almost 30 freaking years But that's okay because like I said 16 days from now will be September the 10th and that's a good day And then 15 days after that will be September to 25th and that's an even better day Because that's paycheck plus talent. They you know that those ratings bonuses if you got yours yet From the spring book 60 days for me. Oh my god, mine's already in the bank. Yeah, and that only is it in the bank, but it actually they got to deposit right I believe Because my good friend over there would watch over your money bank who I you know raise the big stink about with What do you give me a look on your right now man? They better not be doing that anymore Oh, but you're you got 75 digits now on your account number. Yeah, you in other words you're like a you don't mean crap You're like a little tiny like an a molecule in our financial universe I used to work a few atoms at a financial universe until I met mature Speaking of that if you're underpaid if you're overworked if you're under appreciated How would you like to leave that crappy job and have a new high-pain career before years end? Call our good friends at fast train today and tell me Todd Drek who my sub personally this morning It was not a pretty site I quoted to call one 866 fast train fast-trane Can I be trained in certified before years end the demand for computer professionals? Continues to grow there's no better time than right now to obtain a new high-pain career Fast train offers job placement assistance convenient the evening weekend schedules and with six locations all over town There's body one nearby you and maybe Todd will tell us where they are pretty soon more of these days If you feel like doing just a little bit of work pick up the phone call fast train today at one 866 fast train That's one eight six fast train. There's no excuse to stay one more day at a crappy did-end job The pizze squad check them out on the web if you like it fast train.com and then call one 866 fast train Those are just all over the place here this below is and now what was that? Do you hear how titty that is again? Well, I didn't touch anything. I didn't touch it either. I'm thinking about touching it Need to set your home fast fast cash home buyers buys houses fast hassle free fast cash home buyers buys houses in any Condition location in for any reason You need to set your house fast because your house need a new roof floor or any other repairs Don't throw a dime away on cost the repair stop and call rob today and one eight six six 785 fast for no obligation to hassle for your offer at fast cash home buyers to help you solve your house problems Do you have a vacant house maybe you're tentative dealing with a problem tenant or you're going through an nasty divorce Call fast cash home buyers maybe you're one two or three payments behind or inherited a property One to get rid of fast cash home buyers can help you out call Ron today at one 866 785 fast and let fast cash home buyers give you peace of mind Fast cash home buyers will buy your house today. You won't have to pay any real estate commissions call rod at one 866 785 F a s t for hassle free offer and let fast cash home buyers solve those house problems. That's one 866 785 pass Howard david's the bitch Thait Uh It's all a little, I feel my vowels lose good throat, not a totally... And there's a smell that makes you cry... So, man, I can barely see my knees as I make my screen in speakers' wings, I don't even spoil it... It's not hard to understand... In the diabetic, fat man... It can't kill anyone's up there, being on the sea... It's so goddamn embarrassing... Everybody's making fun of me... And just with the fancy gate... Every thought through it's all a bit late... A super sound at night... When you do change the side by hold it, man... Looks kind of rockin' rollin' on the toilet... 122 at 5.60 WQAM... So, somebody fangs his me, this article says... Keller makes noise by grabbing the pool and they write, Neil, don't we all? But underneath that's kind of cute, marginal. Underneath it it says, have you mentioned the murderer of the fine father gig? Anyway, what's there to say? What is there to say? This is so bad, and then this came back again like this, I don't know where... After the last breath, I didn't do nothing. The speakers in here are so screwed up... And engineering department in this goddamn radio station are so incompetent... And it's not unbelievable! It sounds like I'm gonna goddamn echo chamber the whole time here today... Only in it comes and it goes and it comes, squirt squirt and it goes... You know what I'm saying? No, what? Spastic, that's the word for the studio, it's a spastic studio. Can't you tell? Can't you hear it? Yeah. Sounds like I'm gonna goddamn burrow like I'm gonna go over an agrofault or something... And quite frankly, not a bad idea. Wait, today's this fashion made in. She says it's been a soggy summer in New Jersey, but you've always brightened my day. Welcome back is not an order because I feel you never really left. You have your finger on the button wherever you are. Cool, also jerks it to find job, you just need to get used to them. I like your... What? I'll take it. I like your bedtime stories and cut up on civil movies from your movie list. Sarah Gulfar, aka Rick, we'm haunted me for days, but bowling for combat will stay with me forever. I watched it three times, it should be required viewing for all schools and everybody. What surprised me was the dick-larke refused the refusal to talk to Michael. I grew up watching dick on TV now field he's seen and disappointed he's done. The interview with Heston didn't surprise, but angered me even more. Don't these guys know or care what the public will think? No. Then Nadine goes on, who evidently is taking some heavy hallucinogens and she says, I'm a bit surprised that you didn't love pirates of the Caribbean. Your comment was that Johnny did a little Richard thing, well maybe a little. I thought he was outstanding in gorgeous. I'm a big fan of his and especially one of your biggest fans. Talk to you when the phones are not so busy. And as I read that the first time I read what it calls on there. But I didn't see powers of the Caribbean. You said that. I didn't say he did a little Richard. Well, somebody must have said that because I never saw it. I said he wasn't so sure he was acting drunk. All the reviews are read so the movie was marginal, but he was great. Exactly. That's right. He carried the whole thing in a movie that was a week, but that he was spectacular. I like Johnny, you're ringing. When you talk, I hear a ringing. And I like exactly that it's like I'm in a barrel. This is a disaster. This is a technical freaking disaster. It's like the mic is made of aluminum. Do you know what I'm talking about? Like it's like it's lined with aluminum foil. How's it now? A little bit better? Oh, actually is better. Ha ha ha ha. There you go. Wow. There you go. And you'll fish it. Nice work. What a bunch of crappy. I heard for all this more I'm bitching about the crappy mic in there. So all he's got to do is touch it and it falls apart. And the mic too. The home of technical incompetence. This right on the heels of that big trend Thursday. Everybody's you fork, raw running around, we're number one. We're kicking ass. And what do they reward us with? The cheapest, the crappiest, the nastiest, swill as an excuse for a radio station ever seen in my life. This place is a freaking joke. No wonder the guy named Beesley. You know who that probably is in my attic? It's not wild animals. It's probably the Beesley's. Which will they? They probably hopped out of the tree and moved into my attic. The freaking Beesley's all of them from there. They're naples away. Maybe they can do visit to welcome me back. All those retars up there with their little bans, those with their ukuleleys. Whatever to help us strum. The freaking Beesley's. Isn't that of course we got a great grade. Wouldn't win with I ain't seen him yet today. Where to house eat? What is welcoming committee? How where to house eat? Come as waltzin in here on Thursday. Good job Neil. Good job. And then probably ran out of here like a lightning struck his ass. Probably flew out of here. Yeah. I can't watch that. Shmuck. Anyway, the poll is spectacular today. We're getting a big response which means that there are people back because they're pinning the S kids went back to school. That's good. They don't want to be here. No, good. No, they don't. 501 votes. See if I'd move my glass. I might hit the right. Oh, see that's what I want to hit. 501. Which of these things bugs you the most? We should have put on their EQM engineering department. That would have been my vote. I would have changed my vote. But I did vote for the stupidity-demirkin public and so did most everybody else. I did vote for the 18 votes out of 504. People who won't speak English 92. Oh, great. George W. Bush being a moron 91. George filling in for Neil 49. Not that's under 10%. It's usually 20. More Howard David at 29. Look at that. Well, look at that. George filling in for Neil 49. And Mo. Only 29. How do you like that? Does that vote for Neil? Not. Now, city or right though, the most factor is fading because as he disappears deeper in the night, when he winds up being on from like 230 to 330. Yeah. Didn't do any damage. Then they would not be any vote because they'll be doing it. They'll all be for like who's more Howard David again. As well as covered with tattoos eight, our running for governor seven, people were tons of body jewelry six and sports. There's only four out of 504. Pretty weak. Only on this station where we get only four for that. Tommy's not too happy about the fact that the engineering department sucks either because they screwed up all of his expensive equipment in there this weekend also. All of the, uh, the for nizers and five into the whole crazy. All of that crap. Well, at least we still have it, you know, tape together glued together with Elmer's glue. But even pissed on at this weekend and screwed it all up. Poor little Tommy. You thought his voice was squeaky before. Where did he hear it now? What? Oh, it's going to sound like crap. You're going to have a tinny mic like that. They probably did this on purpose. You know, it's the fact Mike now they did. That's probably, uh, what's his name from over in the Naples. Bob Vermouth. He probably came over here and didle with us over the weekend. Make me sound even, although he, he couldn't, I don't know when you were here, but he figured you couldn't sound more queen than you do already. George. Yeah. See how everybody's looking at each other. Not you, Tommy. That this time. Well, Tommy always sounds queen. He sounds like a fruit cake. But he's not. He's a good guy. And he looks a lot better with that crap off. Jesus. Thank God. What? What are you laughing about? He looks a lot better. It'll be back. It's coming back. He'll do something. He said you're full of crap. He just gave you like four fingers. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 50 in a glass. No less. That was very generous. I'm, I'm in coherent because I'm not programmed for this. I was programmed for like 10 to one today. And the big one. But the audience said, oh, no, don't do that. Don't go cop it out now. Don't go squeeze that hour out. This is back to business now. Okay. I still can't believe. This speaker up here on my left on your right. This, I'm going to take, I'm going to take a good day in baseball bat and just smash it to smithereens. It's how bad it sounds. It's annoying. Wait. Huh? Smash it. VIP Sportsbook.com is outflowed as favorite sportsbook. They've been here for years. You know, this is the time to do it when all the sportsbooks start claiming that to the biggest of the best they make all kinds of bogus offers. And of course you probably didn't know that 99% of these bookies are located in the jungles of Costa Rica. They're deep in a jungle. This year, move up and clans to VIP Sportsbook.com. VIP Sportsbook.com is the oldest, the largest sportsbook in the Netherlands. First world integrity, English speaking, some of the time. 100% legal and licensed all of the time. VIP Sportsbook.com is South Florida's number Ouno Sportsbook. Not people the NFL regular season and you can bet all the South Florida teams juice free all year long. You want to bet on the dolphins. It's 100 to 100. You want to bet the hurricanes. It's 100 to 100. So forget about ever having to lay 110 to 100 on your home teams. All preseason setups get a 20% cash bonus too. Not some funny money match play bonus. VIP Sportsbook.com. That's where you'll find them online or column toll free at 1-866 VIP Betts. That's 1-866 VIP Betts for VIP Sportsbook.com. For you are the VIP. My local, we are Sports Radio 5-60-U.A. Fero, by the way, son. I've been giving it some scores. See, how many tickets? I know that me and you in the do. Much better go in 6-10 and on at 5 a Gentile in the cranky joule. I think we might be happy to get there. I think you really got out of your mind. You got to have your wee wee bag. Scrap onto sight. No chance I'll go with show with you. I grab a dive. We'll be crappy together. Why? I'll help you know that I'm a thing. But be true for Brooklyn High. I've been waiting for high. Everybody but you. You're not fine, Tony. We and no, this is that would blow. No way that if we had a fight that you would survive. We'd wanna hear a genetile. And push it tight. That's crappy together. I'm going to go with you. I'm going to go with you. I'm going to go with you. I'm going to go with you. I'm going to go with you. And show with you and me. For me is much better 6-10 and not 5. It's only right that I should get asleep at night. I think we might be happy to get there. I'm going to go with you. What you see, be mad. What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? 155 is 560W. We've got the mad dog coming up at 2 o'clock. We've got Kimba Boa camper for the Humperers 4. And then we got all that hurricane stuff. No Marlon's game today. Marlon's won yesterday. Broke the 5 game losing streak. Any interest? No. Didn't think so. Sam afraid to turn the overhead up because it's so goddamn tinny now. Don't forget to besten the Alonar website. Neil Rogers.com. Besten the LCD 2002 2003. And the more Howard David had keychain. There you go. What's not to lie? All the proceeds go. The profits go to a abandoned pay rescue. 1470 and 15 cent. How do we get 15 cent? Posted channeling cozys. Yeah. I don't know. They subtract whatever the cost of their manufacturing from the cozys and the mugs and whatnot. Well wait a minute. It says net. What does that mean? This is after the expense of the cost of them. You know what the CDs we pay for that up front. No. So that's all pure profit. But they produced some of those other things. Yeah. So they take their cost out of it. So another percentage net. Yeah. Well I'm so that's good. Yeah. So that's not such a bad start. What are you belly again about? Oh, my belly. 1470 and 15 cent. But kid on their right away. And then of course Wednesday McGill is going to be a brandy's at a time to be determined. What did I just get through saying? Like only say I can go. I said this is Vokobar. I'm going to be coming here right now. The door opens up and there's his ballchone ahead. I'll be God damn. And they'll don't ask me because I got to go to my doctor's appointment. I got to go get pills. That's the only reason I go to a doctor in South Florida so I can get prescriptions written. Because I wouldn't even let them touch me down here. Butchers. Other than doctor hamph which he's the best. Other than that. Nothing but a bunch of butchers and fakers down here. Most of whom just probably rolled in off the banana boat. Speaking of that. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T line. WQAM. Hey. Have you heard of this George? This is George. What can I do? This one is fucking me when you get to him. Okay. Where are you calling from? I'll pour a lot of that. Let's go to 4-Laterdale. Hello. Hey. How are you doing? Pretty good. Alright. That's your voice. I can hear it. Hey listen. How do you want? How do you go about getting them out of the bus you see these? If you don't have a website or computer like a Porsche Leper like I don't. Well I guess the only thing you can do is come to our one of our drive-by shooting. I mean one of our things. Okay. Where were you located for a lot of now? I don't know. Yeah. Like what matters actually. Well, the popular one is that far away from you. Uh, was that a love at the bookstore? No, no. No, not the adult bookstore. The Brandy Shoes. Oh, the Brandy Shoes. Yeah. Well, you're just going to be there. Well, we'll be all over town. So you'll find a location that's near you. And when the van is a close-by, you're going to pick one up. Alright. Okay. Thanks a lot, Kelly. Thanks a lot. Okay. Look at that foam. And these are the people that wanted no comedy bits are. What did to it is one line we're doing screamless even. I know it. That's Monday. It's Monday. It's all excuses. I saw for Ralph's phone is more than he might as well take an instrument and shorten the guy the M.B. To the stop-talking about that little baseball world series. Oh, that's right. If he would have talked more about the little league world series, then we'd have a lot of call. Call these sports assholes out. Oh, you're wrong, you're as better than the big-done. These kids really are put out. Yeah, that's probably what they're hoping is that those kids put out. That's because I can't imagine anybody else with a brain watching a bunch of nine and ten-year-old kids playing baseball on television unless they're bunch of pedophiles or something. Seriously, I mean, can you even begin to imagine it? No. 560560. What was that? Well, you give me an expression for it. Oh, it was not for you. What does that mean if they want to play the phone order they can call me out? I thought he didn't want to be involved with that. Because then they'll be calling him and saying, where the hell is it? You straight into that. I don't want to do that in mid-stream. That's what I said. That's the calm down. WQIM. Yep. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi, kind of colorally. Am I on taking something like that? Are you white? I'm not. I'm on a cure. So I'm on a cure. I'm on a cure. I'm on a cure. I'm on a cure. Okay, you're speaking to him. No. Yes, I'm not ignoring you. You're right there. I'm on the internet. Sounds just like you. Well, I just wanted to tell you, no welcome back. But what are we going to do about smoking the champ and the criminal object? He's got to go. Yeah. He's got to go. I'm really concerned. I just cannot believe it. I mean, what are these people taking their work into? Flash, lamb, bar. WQIM. Hello. Hi. What are you talking to? Speaking. Hey, you. Well, you're a way to take it home. Chronic. Chronic, man. Now, see, I'm not looking for chronics. We're not going to do the one routine like on Mo show this morning. I mean, if that's all we're going to get. We will go back to one of two the rest of the week. I thought it was a good idea. By the way, Book of Brian, come in here. Get your stuff and let's get going because I'm going to fly out of here in a few minutes. Don't be getting too goddamn comfortable. Let's cheer down there like you live here or something. Although, the way I'm hearing it. That could be in the future. Maybe it was Book of Brian, Russell, around in my attic this morning. Could have been. That could have been it. Well, what is all of this? What is that? What would you give me this for? The papers? No, I don't mean what. No, what is this? This isn't for me. This is for Clarence. Jesus Christ and Joseph and Mary, man. Give me invoices all kinds of crap. Anahedic. WQIM. Jesus Christ and Joseph and Mary, man. Give me invoices all kinds of crap. Anahedic. I looked at it better the first time. WQIM. No, what's happening? How you doing sir? All right, I'll let you. Okay. And? That's it. Oh, that was it? Okay, that was his material. WQIM. WQIM. Hello. No. Yes. How you doing? Pretty good. This is the highly touted one and two lots of calls are. Wonderful. Let me ask you a question. I saw you about a week ago and I'm just trying. You're driving a silver belt these days? No. What color is it? What happens is a makeup? I wasn't here a week ago. I'll get in. I wasn't. You get some more on coming. You're off. Any sort of waving in the mouth. I'm flagged on the guy. Who look like you? I said, could it be you? No. Let me ask you this. Would I have been waving on American flag? Well, you're an honorable citizen. I would think you would be probably. No, I would not. Maybe I'd waving a Canadian flag. But not an American flag. Wouldn't idiot. Let me just sign these papers here for a bulk of Brian. And who can't even spell my name or I wouldn't idiot. You're a moron. I'm signing this that I didn't even what I let says. Well, it's not going to look too good when the signature. You don't even. I don't care. Just wipe your ass with it. Okay. Stop bugging me. Won't think about me, man. I got to take here at a whole universe. I'm paying this one's car payment. I'm signing this one for his house. I'm everybody in the world, man. Just sucks the blood out of my poor little political body. That's me. That's my role in life. See if it was up to me. I mean, I never say this, but I'm going to say it right now. Very frankly, if it was up to me, I could just leave right now. Walk out to the door. Go home and pack a little bag. And that would be it. You never see me again. Never see me again. But I had a look for it in the three years and plus what is it now? September October and three and a 30 years more this. So I can continue sustaining the happiness of God damn universe. That's it. That's me. I said that just for his benefit because I know what a pussy he is. 560 70560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Can you do this for me? Can you do that? No, can't do it. Don't ever ask me anything again. Don't even dream of it. Don't ask me no favors. Okay. No more favors. No more. A crap. I took it out of there. Plus now he brings this stuff. And what am I going to do with this now? This point. I don't know what I'm going to do. I'm getting out of here. You're going to have to do a few minutes. That was wrong with you man. I'm not only doing a one or two hour but I got to go to the doctor. I got to go pay for rumors doctor bill. Probably. There's got to be some method to his madness. You think I'm going to get my 14 bucks from that lottery ticket from my year? No. I mean, I'm going to tell you something seriously. I'm not exaggerating my tell you this. I know the Dutch are cheap. Remember my Dutch landlord? I was used to belly. I can't see how cheap he was. If I put 100 watt light bulb in there, he was belly. I can't see it. That's the best part. 100 watts. Oh my god. He was like Santa Claus compared to Rimmer. Santa Claus. Now wouldn't you feel since I'm letting venting all of this up? Wouldn't you feel if you helped somebody lose nearly a guy damn million dollars in the stock market? Hundreds and hundreds of thousands of dollars. Wouldn't you feel guilty about it? Wouldn't you feel guilty to the extent that you wouldn't there? Expect that person to ever pick up a check at a meal for the rest of your life if you had any saying. You would grab that check so fast you practically rip everybody's hand off. Just from the guilt from the pains of guilt you'd have from the derand pangs of guilt. Over the fact that you helped this man in another three and a half years, I got to work. So I can not only sustain all of mankind, so I can finally retire someday and walk away from this guy damn smelly crappy microphone. It sounds like a goddamn aluminum tube. Maybe these aluminum tubes that Sodom was trying to buy. That must be it. They want up in this studio. Maybe George Corso bottom. He looks like a goddamn terrorist. Benny? I say fry his ass right now. Do it now and ask questions later. That's my suggestion for George Corso and this phony balloon engineering department. And you know that's now how it sounds totally different than five minutes ago. If you don't like the way we sound now, tune back in, check back what is later like these to see on us. You and we'll sound better. How's it now? How's that? Yeah, I mean like every couple minutes it's like a different radio station. Are you noticing any signal problems? I'm wondering where you listen to the card driving down here. What is it? What is it? It's the EBS thing. Right in the middle of the... It's the EBS thing, right in the middle of the... Who did the EBS thing? It happens automatically like in the bowels somewhere. The EBS, I guess it is. They did the EBS thing in the middle of... Oh, we like that? What kind of a communist bunch of crap is that? That's not supposed to happen like that. EBS, of course, look where we are, you know? They're making right down. While we ran it at a certain such a time, give us our license back. I'm not talking about the EBS. I'm asking you about the signal, the quality of the signal. Schmuck, Schmidhead was fun. It was good in the card. Oh, I got in the card this morning, man. After any acres, and I thought I was listening to the goddamn radio Moscow. I just... Like that. Maybe that was just most squeezing the bag. Might have been it. Horrible signal. And now, how much are you going to fill here? I don't want to leave you like hanging with too much time. Whatever, I'll fill whatever you feel. But every hand you have to fill, right? Are you sure? Yeah, I feel. Fill a few minutes. Oh, because I got to get out here and go get my pills. That's a lunatic. It's only reason I can't. It's only reason I can't back. It's to make out all my financial crap and get my pills and get out of drugs. I would need to come to South Florida for drugs. Anybody out there, any listening on the internet? If you want to get some good drugs, come to South Florida. Believe you me, Georgia hook you up. No problem at all. To Southland. And for real, we'll hook you up to like an IV. 14 till 2 at 5, 60 WQ. But I even heard all about Laminates Arustin. And it's Arustin how Laminate would flooring from Laminates Arustin's the easy. The low maintenance smart alternative to natural wood flooring. Am I right? You bet. Laminates Arustin's the best place to find Laminate would flooring from the top names in the business. Pirate or a purgo Wilson art, unifloring quick step. They've got all the top names. All installed by purgo certified installers. Here's another reason why I'd be calling Laminates Arustin. Prices will floor you. Right now you can get there some are special for just 1995 bucks. That's correct. Just 1900 95 bucks rubbed the 380 square feet of beautiful Laminate would flooring in this positively incredible. Elaminates Arustin will match any legitimate written offer for free. In Home Estimate call, Laminates Arustin will free and ask away 1-877-777-3336. What could be more simple? They give you free carpet disposal, free furniture moving at 25 year warranty, and years and eons of beautiful easy care Laminate would flooring. Call Laminates Arustin will free today. There's no obligation to tell them old meal. They call 1-877-777-3336-977-777-3336-977-777-777-777-777-777-777-777-777-777-777-777-777-777-777-777-777-777-777-777-777-777-777-777-777-777-777-777-777-777-777-777-777-777-777-777-777-7777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777 I hope to pay in the store after farting in line because my name is I. My name is I. My name is I. This is the early point for dinner at five. As soon as called the doctor runs all day and was lying. Look at the hand that me that check. I left for my die. My name is I. My name is I. My name is I. My God knows that's the rules that I live by. No younger than 92 but still alive. Those all reason that pool. My type is a fine. My name is I. My name is I. You know, I just don't get this time, man. I turn on the MTV and I see like the answer. Look at all cool. He's got a shirt on and stuff and all the girls. We like it. How do I do that? I don't know how to do it. I'll get I be cool. I know why I'm not cool. I can tell you why I'm not cool. I don't have a card at ghost school. Cause I'm too wide. Your way to like. I'll wait to I come on. I'll wear cheap bad shoes. Cause I'm too wide. No cheap bad shoes. Look at you crackle. I'm a shower at the gym and you want to know why. Why is that man white? Hey, because I'm too wide. Come on. Cause I'm too wide. Cause I'm too wide. Hey, yeah, come on. I'll let you go. The brother's going crack your ass. Cause I'm too wide. Are you crackin' hand? I don't understand that dude named Ellie. Oh, because I'm too wide. Wait, two white, man. My girlfriend, she left me. Why did that? You want to know why. Can't tell me, can't I? Cause I'm too wide. Cause I'm too wide. Cause I'm too wide. Cause I'm too wide. But I can't play the basketball. Cause I'm too wide. No, Jordan was up. Jay will can play it well. Cause he hates me and why. He hates that man white boy. Magic Johnson got the edge. You wanna know why. Why is that? Hey, why is that? He banged a white. Oh, he banged a white. He banged a white. He banged a white. Oh, man. Oh, man. I can't sing in a song right. Cause I'm too wide. And he wait till I'm man. I don't get the death comedy jam. Cause I'm too wide. I just don't get their jokes. I don't get it. I can't get their girlies. Cause I'm too wide. Like a fruit fly. Yeah. Yeah. I hate being white. I hate being white. I hate being white. I hate being white. But I'm not so smart. I think that's that people. My name's Jeff Heine. I'm fat, but I got a high voice. My name's Jeff Heine. I got their thyroid. That's the reason why. My name's Jeff Heine. My name's Jeff Heine. My name's Jeff Heine. My name's Jeff Heine. My name's Jeff Heine. My name's Jeff Heine. I say tie a palli. My name's Jeff Heine. I can't see my shawl. I can't see my shawl. My name's Jeff Heine. My name's Jeff Heine. My name's Jeff Heine. I like feeling strippers. My name's Jeff Heine. My name's Jeff Heine. My name's Jeff Heine. My name's Jeff Heine. I go back to the rooms. But don't tell my wife. My name's Jeff Heine. My name's Jeff Heine. My name's Jeff Heine. My shoehorn's fine feet long. My name's Jeff Heine. I write a scooter in the store. My name's Jeff Heine. I'm so goddamn fat that I'm going to die. My name's Jeff Heine. My name's Jeff Heine. My name's Jeff Heine. I read that. Oh exhausted. I guess that's thedoo. To the place where your shoes are. You and I give it a cleanse. Oh my name's Jeff Heine. Oh my name's Jeff Heine. I didn't know Li-t We can write that. I've never seen each other. Me alight. I was shy I didn't know that They were at the club And it was a die She reached down the road My nerve and it came alive She said she threw me twice We were an extra five They were at the die They were at the die We were an extra five I didn't see the love The flavor by the looking around And asking her She said please return the favor And sip in her fly We don't even go to the dead I guess I should have known By the hair of her thigh My man It was a guy It was a guy It was a guy I like to take his nuts and put them in a vise Crush me We run you away Where's Danny? When you need advice I got a cherry pups By a transvest time I beat up the guy I beat up the guy I beat up the guy I beat up the guy Well another one Yeah Come. My little master and I know why I'm really big Cause I got hot, you feel like I'm here You feel like I'm hot, I thought I was gonna go to class Before I got hot, come on, you're gonna I could've cheated and I could've passed But I got hot, oh, oh, oh I'm telling the next room master and I know why Cause I got hot, you feel like I'm here Cause I got hot, you feel like I'm here I was gonna go to class, you feel like I'm here I was gonna pay my child support But then I got hot, no you went, good I got hot, I think it's a lot of whole paycheck And I know why I'm hot, you feel like I'm here Because I got hot, you feel like I'm hot I got hot, I think I'm gonna run from the class But I was hot, oh, oh, oh I'm serious, man, I was gonna pull right over and stop But I was hot, oh, oh I got hot, no, I got hot, no, I'm up here I'm pleating, I know why I'm here Cause I got hot, you feel like I'm here Because I got hot, I got hot I got hot, no, I got hot, no, I got hot I got hot, oh, oh, oh I was gonna meet yo, pussy too Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Now I'm checking out, and I know why Cause I got hot, no, I got hot, you feel like I'm here I know why I'm here, I know why I'm here Cause I got hot, you feel like I'm here Rain