Is third door door door Harry, Kalahan is back and now he's passing out flowers in airports See, pal. What about a carnation for your lady friend? Err No thanks. Come on pal. Make my day Okay Coolity's what is dirty Harry Krishna You know, it always excitement. I don't know if I saw you six flowers are only five But see this how Krishna is the most powerful being in the whole universe and it blew all my hair clean off You gotta ask yourself one question. What's that? Do you like my orange smock? Will do you? Don't Clay these words It's just me Smith and Wissen And the Dally Lama It is dirty Harry Krishna No counting at an airport near you I know two five sixty WKW. What a great poll George took yesterday Oh, I did you mention that I gave that to Petibi for a while and over again Carlis said you never mentioned it even once. He says a lot of things never mentioned it once And that's okay. Look at all of response George had on his nifty pony yesterday Oh, because I did come in here thinking I was going to work. I have to be crazy I have to be nuts because You're talking dirty right now. It's been all day. I was going to say a six hours. Over at the Cleveland Clinic. Thanks to a big bush fan. I should mention that's Dr. Bush after George W. Thanks, Doc. And they put me upside down and backward and inside out in the mind of my side and the stress test And the you ever see you ever do that on the office. I've seen the procedure like on the news where you Not only see your heart beating, but you actually heard you know the attorney audio And then it was this like that once. Oh my god. I thought I was having a fart attack. But after all of that after six hours of that I said you're talking dirty. But it's in good shape when you're okay and get out of here. And you're like that. Very good. I'm not in good shape because it was something else which I told you. But you know a minor thing. Yeah. A minor thing which we won't discuss because I don't want to go to my mother's for lunch today Have we say you're wearing pants there two sizes two small. I spent six hours laying on this thing with a gown on okay and not the usual of logic on that I've been expected to wear. But just one of those medical guns. But the ass I get home three o'clock and sure enough she had called be sure and call as soon as I get home. And I hadn't said five words before comes out. You're sick because you're wearing pants that are two sizes too small. See they didn't start out as hit and I said see it in our mom click click. Bitch. Nasty means spirited evil door. I'll tell you one thing. She ought to be on the list of the evil doors. You know what? Okay. She's got some company for she's on the list of your mom. Yeah. Just yeah because my pants are too tight. I don't wear the hip hoggresma. There was just coincidentally maybe she's psychic. Maybe she knew that piece was going to be on the news last night about the hip hoggresma. You know your nerve damage and all the other crap. Damn it. I like those headpacks. What they said. Anyway, so I'm okay. I'm back here again. George did a great job yesterday. I'm sure going to get a lot of calls about what a stupidist pull George took. And that's why I played Clint Eastwood because he's number one. Which, you know, leaves me. I mean, not that I don't like dirty hair. He's okay. And it's time. The question was who is your all time favorite movie character? Well, I forgot to tell you by the way. That today would be a real good day. It's like the middle of the week. We got the noon to one comedy hour. But today during that hour be a good time while you're listening in your car to go out and get some duct tape. And we want. Battery's. This queen. That's what you tape with the duct tape over your windows. Viz queen the queen. This queen that queen. This queen ain't going to be doing all that. I'll tell you that right now. Okay. I have no idea what you're talking about. And I showed the thing last night. I don't want to say we have a lot of illiterate people out there. But the company that makes one of the more I guess it's a brand name. It's called duct tape not duct right duct tape. You ever seen that? Yeah duct tape. If you get annoyed by the aflash spots, it's a good thing to have handy. You just put it around his beak and then he'll wet it. Was your all time favorite movie character dirty. Here are 84. Don Corly on his 75. How are you pressing? I mean, is there any. But then again, you got to keep the age thing in mind. Right. And he was middle of the pack for a while. There at least just done Corly on number 10 or something like that. What a disgrace. What a freaking disgrace. I told you that we get a lot of people out there. That's why this town is so out of it. They don't know from the godfather. And anybody who don't know from the godfather don't know squat. Tony Montana from Scarface. Oh, it's going to take me a long time to go around his pool. He's got 70. James Bond 69. Darth Vader 69. And notice James Bond is like, Generic because we just as character not actor actress right. Darth Vader 60 Carl Spakler, the groundskeeper played by Bill Murray and Canyshack 58. Now the reason you see where you thought it was bogus. It's not from the beginning. It was like number three for a while. Because this audience, Oh God. You can't get a QAM. No, they like Canyshack. That's their favorite movie. Don't you understand? Okay. Nothing. You drew me a picture. Yeah. It all makes sense. I'm just telling you. They like Canyshack. That's their thing. I like it too. That's the QAM teenager when I was a child. Anybody that would call in the Ask About, you know, the 10 year old quarterback that's playing in Oklahoma. What kind of movie do you expect they would like? The natural. Is that in here? Terminator Arnold Schwarzenegger had 53. Lieutenant Kilgore played by Robert Duval on a Paco. It's not 50, which I have no idea what that was all because I never watched it. I still ain't got it. I still got it. Just fast forward to that one scene. Okay. Indiana Jones 49. Travis Bickel played by Robert DeNero Taxi. Robert 47. A very scary guy. Even scarier than Luca Brazzi. In Spectre Kusso, Peter Sellers 39. Kaiser, I don't know who this is. It's from the usual suspects. Kevin Spacey and the usual suspects. Kaiser Sochey Vermilse. Socia. Socia. Socia. Are you sure you're still in that right? Socia is Carlos. No. Socey in a tie and that would be Sochey. Socia. There is a Kaiser. It's like some kind of real humor. 306. Hannibal Lecture sounds the Lamb's 34. And how could Hannibal Lecture be beaten up by Kaiser Sochey? We did the movie Psychos. He won. And I'm sure you got this name wrong. Yeah. Not that I want to pick because it was a great pull. He got over 1,000 votes. Was my pull. Anyway, Alex Delard's Clockwork Orange. Malcolm McDonnell 32. That was not his name. Alexander Delard's Trust Me. It was Alexander Delard's. I did have a big snake, but it was in his doors. Basil. Can't the big snake in his door? Remember that one scene he pulled right out. And, in fact, there was another scene he did. Jay. See, I can't can't can't. I know. Jay from Jay and Silent Bob had 24 votes. Jeff Spikoli, Sean Penn, and Fast Times at Ridgemont, Han 25, which I did see that, but I don't remember him. That's how obscure he did. He makes me nauseous. Let's go. Rick Blaine, Humphrey Bogart and Casablanca 21. Captain Quint, jaws 21. How come that Humphrey Bogart character? Didn't Captain Quig make it on here? No. I talked about it, but you have to be shmooning. I put enough of those on my own. Captain Quig with his strawberries didn't make our play better than the Rick. But they were different. Good thing I wasn't there to do this for yesterday. I'll finish sure the results, but let me give you today's pool. So Eric can get it up. And I already printed this out there as much as I want. Much as I can take. Have a look at that. We're busy doing duct tape. And final water. Get ready. Can't start. I don't want to be negative. I don't want to like pee on the government's parade. But let me just say this to you. Because the media naturally, they don't stop and think logically. For example, if you live in Oni, onto New York, if you live in Ishpaming, Michigan, if you live in the Buc, Iowa, I'd say that they need for duct tape and tachystic for your windows. And what was it this, this Queen? This Queen, yeah. The need probably is low, but if you live like an a major metropolitan area like New York, Philadelphia, Boston, LA, Miami. What else? Detroit? Yeah. I got a mess with that. Chicago? Chicago? Chicago? Chicago? Chicago? Chicago? That may be out of go out and buy heavy duty. I just find it mind-boggling. And what's even worse is that people are doing it. Oh, I do. Of course here in South Florida, all you got to do is say, Hurricane. And right away, they all run like storm, rainstorm, and others are quite odd. Stabilists, people are out shopping. What it is, that's why they're stimulating the economy. Although Alan Greenspan says, well, we'll get to that. Not a good time for a tax cut. Alan. I wouldn't start my car alone if I were you these days. Okay, and I'm saying I get that remote control job. Don't be making comments like that about not a good time for a tax cut. 10 past nine at 5.60. Oh, here's the pool before I do the break. What's your take on the latest bin Laden tape? It's not him. He's really dead. All the more reason to attack Iraq now proves that Bush is playing into his hands. It changes nothing or what me worry is our pool today. Pretty good pool if I say so myself. Five magnificent choices. I want you to get a panicky, but. A lot of bad crap going on and what they worried about on ABC and at Good Morning America show. Michael Jackson's nose. And I don't want you to nervous about it because Carlos is assured all of us that Michael Jackson is not a pedophile. So we feel luck that or about that. Thank the Lord for those little kids who are sharing Michael's bed. He just is lonely and likes company. You're an idiot, Carlos. You're just you're pathetic. That's what happens when you smoke all in fact. It's that's why he's going to go for a physical today. Young man, his 80's going to go to go to draw blood. You're going to do all kinds of crap. Probably stick their finger when his back them. Well, yeah, they do that too. Look what happened to John Kerry, man. You can never be too old. Huh? Right. To have somebody stick their finger in there and check your prostate. Right. Is that if I Joe was just here, he had some issues with that. But he knew about that. He had some issues with it. With his prostate. He did. Yeah. Like what? Tell him to study wasn't milking it off in enough. True story. You shouldn't see the prescription. Well, that's after nine at five 60 WQAM. Maybe that's why he's going to be a treasure island tonight. Really? No, maybe he'll show up. Virginia, of course. Speaking of that, guys Valentine's Day's this Friday and what women really want us to put a little thought and creativity into your gift. This year, express yourself in a fun and original way, say it with a Vermont teddy bear. Just call what 800-829 beer and a friendly bear, councilable puppy to use from over a hundred beers, handcrafted in Vermont and delivered in the California boss with free card and chocolate. Tell her she lights your fire with a new burden of love bear dressed like a honky farmman with love tattoo on his arm. Or say I'm wild about you with a jungle of bear. They even have bears for her hobby or occupation. Like they prostitute the bear. Setting a Vermont teddy bear is a creative and personal alternative to flowers. It'll be around long after Valentine's Day to remind her of you. Send a bird to the office or her co-workers who can see how thoughtful and romantic you are. Over night in Valentine's Day delivery guaranteed even at this late date. Call 1-82829-bear or shop online at Vermontt teddy bear.com. Don't forget to do it right this year. Say it with a Vermont teddy bear for Valentine's Day. Be sure and tell them that dirty old Neil told you to call 1-82829-B-E-A-R. That's only my heart by the way. That's dirty. You're my egg. This is course when you'll find security. You weigh yeah. Don't have a penis. Look in graduation, get alive. Look out for Adam's A. Say George Bush's got your name. Look out for Adam's A. And he says we know. We know just what you're doing. Look out for Adam's A. You've been a very nighty boy. You're a very nighty boy. You're a very nighty boy. You're a bunch of news. Oh, I don't feel good to you. You get to you. He's got some missiles pointed at you. And he's love. You're a bunch of bummer, right? You're back. Back into the middle of the lane. Just he's love too. He loves and loves and loves you. George W is the president. He is the president. And Congress wants him to explain. Won't you explain? They say what you want to. You want to do it. You want to do it. You want to do it. You want to do it. You want to take him out. Go on and take him out. I'm going to get this new new same bomb. I'm going to be loved too. He loved you. You're shooting a bunch of missiles at you. Yeah. He's love too. I'm the right one. Huh? Back into the middle of the lane. Just he's love too. Yeah. He's loved and loves and loves and loves. You're happy to see him. You're happy to see him. I'm 1756. You're welcome. Here's a fact from John and Craig Coral. I'm sure he's a wonderful guy in a real dedicated listener. But. So I hope you're feeling better. The shot a computer New York Times. I've had the estate. I think I'll enjoy the website yesterday. One of our bedtime stories. Yeah. Which I brought in. And it's a good thing I do bring him. I want to know why because our our equipment here are internet connection. Everything here is screwed up. You know. It's really a piece of crap. It's a crap shoot. Yeah. But Joe Costello is not the one that screwing things up. He came in and told us that this morning. While he and Carlos were giving us a lecture about how Michael Jackson is not a pedophile. And we feel very, very sorry for him. I feel sorry for us. That ABC news is I mean the price of gas is what about 75 bucks a gallon now. Not that they're exploiting this situation you understand. And we got the latest audio tape from Osama Yomama allegedly. And we got the terror attack that may take place as early as some time and the end of this week. It'd be us in this week. And what am I missing? On Chicago, that all is a crowd and Academy of Ordinary. Right. And we're worrying about Michael Jackson. Oh, that was for no nations came right. And that's why I just said. I want to just say I thought. I thought you were talking about the band. You're going to start with that again with Peter Satera. He is a wife you know. Okay, let's see how many of the new pull is up there already before I get back to yesterday's video. We're going to wait ahead of ourselves, which is good because we got that pain in the S new to one hour. Which really breaks our heart. Then I got to go to lunch at mommy's today. Maybe she can let out my pants. I'm not making that story up here. This is the same woman when I had a stroke years ago, 12 years ago. Was that my house taking care of my dogs? I had a force my way out of the hospital drove myself home. And the first thing that she says to me, I've got that pain in the S new to one hour. Which really breaks our heart. Then I got to go to lunch at mommy's today. Maybe she can let out my pain. I like how she never was 20 years. And he's a great actor. I just just liked the fact that he kept plugging it. Trish Van Derger because he was married to then. She was like 50. He was like 100. He was plugging her lot. Fletch Chevy Chase 15. Jewels windfield Samuel Al Jackson and Paul fiction, which again, the audience has an obsession with Paul fiction because they've been told it's a really good movie. Even though it's just 15. Khan Ricardo Matlabon and Star Trek 2013. John Torrance, Jack Nicholson and the Shining 13. Here's Johnny. Igor and young Frankenstein. That could be Marty Feldman could. Yes, 12. Tommy, Joe Pesci in good fellow as 12. See again, I mean he was good. Yeah, but I thought Robert and Error was even better in good fellows. Right? Yeah, over there. Right down there. Right down there. But they liked him because of that. He didn't want you to use. He didn't want to dress. That's what I'm saying. They liked the wise guy. That's the male audience. They liked the wise guy stuff. They don't like. There was a lot of wise guys in the gun, father. They didn't get it. If somebody was said, hey, these are a bunch of wise guys. They would like to better I guess. Fenster, but played by Veniseo and Del Toro and usual suspects in the sea of 12. It was all right. Dr. Evil Austin powers only 11. How's that possible? I don't know. Yeah, flesh was way up on the list. Go down there. Billy Jack 10. Do you know what that sound like? I just make a sound like Mrs. Wallace on passions. Oh, they did. And by the way, Beth, you're not getting me, Luis. That scene just goes. That kind of call the other day. He's right. Goes on and on and on. And Beth is standing in a corner. Eve is dropping in. Luis and Sheridan. I can't live without you. But you have to know how well. And there's Beth. Oh, goody. Oh, crap. Jack 10. Mad Max 9. How about Billy Gene speaking of Michael Jackson? What movie was he in? Billy Gene. Don't you remember Billy? Yeah. And. And. You think that was a great movie? And what you remember being the legend of the. Billy Gene. The legend of Billy. What happened to you? Yes, there was only out of here one day. What happened? It's something a lot of drugs after the shy see. But I told him who's going to do the show. I'm going to do the show. I started popping all kinds of pills. Where'd ones and yellow ones and blue ones? Green ones. Round ones. A Mad Max 9. Neo from Matrix 9. Bull Meacham. Robert Doel in the great. Centini 8. Now that's a good choice. I'm amazed at this audience. The same audience at likes. Candy Shack so much. Pig Bull Meacham. Raven Robert. The four calls. The character had eight votes. That was a good movie. Of course it had a cult following, which means it was a bomb at the box office. But it was a damn good movie. What is it that you're doing with? What are you, uh, posking around? Log stuff. Oh. Don't be mess with a log, Mr. Howard Beale from never not. Now that of course was my vote. Howard Beale. Now how come the internet keeps going down here, Carlos? Don't tell me that we're having more problems with our damn connection again. It is. It's just on. Huh? It's completely gone. My clock there. It is 73 votes. I'll keep my eye on it. I'm a bad ass. But I don't think that's anymore. How are we going to have only eight votes? Now I'm going to tell you seriously. Okay. Maybe I'm the only one who likes that movie. And seven other people. But if Peter Finch, if that wasn't one of the greatest performances in a history of mankind, I don't explain to me why. How could you not love that performance? And a little character. A lot of pity was a high-end season. Bullshment. Right. Oh and speaking of bullshit. What's that one movie? That was now made for the Oscar something Schmidt. What is the name of that movie? About Schmidt. About Schmidt. Never saw a preview of it. About Schmidt. Is that what this show was about? Right. I guess it's a movie about this show. It's all about Schmidt. Man. Howard Beale. Simon, man! Alan, man! I don't know what it takes as anyone. Oh, only eight votes. Moses played by Charlton Hester. And the 10th command. I wanted it. I thought it was Moses our friend Moses and it's Charlton Hester. He would've gotten all the votes. He had some, but a lot of his fans forgot to vote for him. He was Son of a- And I know that was very insensitive. Sorry, Ronnie. Buffalo Bill sounds lands head only seven. Raymond, Dustin Hoppen, and Rayman had six. Dr. Frankenferter from the Rocky Horror Picture Show Six. Rocky Balboa. Six. Well, Stan's deal. Gary Olvin in the professional six. Vincent Vega played by John Revolta in Pulp Fishing Head 4. Also with four Frank Booth Dennis Hoppen, Blue Velvet. And John Reiter. Who played? Who was played by record Howard and a hit your head only one vote? I mean, well, at least he got the one. I know. Well, somebody must have called it in, right? Right? The guy who invented finger foods and he only got one vote in his poll. Excellent poll, a mediocre result. That's all I can tell you. A little bit disheartened by your result. 27 after nine and five sixty WQAM. If you're not feeling that great this morning, because you didn't get a good night's sleep last night. Part of the reason you didn't get a night's sleep is you're worried about, you know, Bob Water and Duck Takes and what's the other stuff? This week and plastic. But maybe the other part of the reason is your mattress sucks. Get you a great new mattress from dialometrist like I've been doing for years and Miguel and Georgia are catching on. They're doing it too. They got the best mattresses in the world. They got Seely, Surdysims King Quill, every size and style and the best part of the deal is Exactly the mattress you need in one is in stock right now ready for nearly immediate delivery. And once you get it, you've got that 30 day comfort exchange period to try it out to make sure it's right for you and your back. No hassles at all delivery on parallel than the history of the delivery business. You picked a day any day seven days. We can tour when to when this convenient for you and they'll be there like magic. So call 1-800 mattress right now. No exchange fees, no crap. No BS in around every day low prices that are unbeatable on the finest mattresses ever made. 1-800 mattress for dialometrist. And for dialometrist, the answer for a perfect night sleep. 1-800-MATT-RES or check them out in the web if you have the connection which we don't. At mattress.com. The delivery business. You picked a day any day seven days. We can tour when to when this convenient for you and they'll be there like magic. So call 1-800 mattress right now. No exchange fees, no crap. No BS in around every day low prices that are unbeatable on the finest mattresses ever made. 1-800 mattress for dialometrist, the answer for a perfect night sleep. 1-800-MATT-RES or check them out in the web if you have the connection which we don't. At mattress.com. Why? And local. Here's the sports video. Hey, chill. Jump in the taxi car and a buffet driver. That will pop. You look dead in the evening. You'll quish the green. If I could know if he was in the dog. So I acted out my pop shoe raid. And with my arms, the trees I made. There's no bug. Speak, speak, English and a momma. I went down to my young man's beach where the weather is nice and sunny. I walked into a liquor store, but the guy there talks real fun. I asked him for a pint of fortune, be me just not at the end of what does that mean. The butter's too English. I'm gonna momma. That's called a deli. Hell, I think I'm in Pakistan. Speaking with smelly. All you can go back to the loud rat. I came here. I can't hear the girl. I can't hear the girl. I've learned my ABC. I don't say much as gross. I say it's pretty pretty. Get yourself to a classroom quick. You're an American now. Stop making me sick. You know, butter's for me, English. Come on in a momma. 9.3356, the WDC, the man dog will be along on one o'clock. Hank, the Humphrey and the studio, the three or four hours. Get a little, uh, and see for baseball sitting in the stout. I heard him say that the other day. And then we got the seven o'clock shit. I'll go panther preview the Rangers in the Macarena. At 730 we got the game as the L. X. C. Covalov will be his first game back as a Ranger again. As their people balloons up to $400 million, they still will make the playoffs. Any can't do the hockey game from G.A. and Joe and Mark overnight, who are messing up our studio night after night. Joe says he didn't do it. Right. Is that what you said the doctor told me wasn't doing it? Orange alert says this facts. Uncle Bill for Moral Palm Beach. He's a one-cut sticking their hair pieces in a Mac potatoes before they do a low rating sports show in Miami. PS the Carlisle bus driver is always late. And obviously Bill ain't too happy about that. Hey, listen, I mean, that's what we're here for, right? To take an arcade as a Gary conduit for the audience out there in the real world. 102 votes on a pool. And luckily we're getting, you know, every once in a while actually comes back on here. What's your take on the latest been Laudon tape that was released yesterday? What's your take? Proved that bus is playing it was hands dirty. It changes nothing 26. All the more reason we attack Iraq now. Now, 23. Oh, what me worry 16 and it's not him he's really dead. 7. How do we know it is him? I mean, I realize that they have these experts, these voice recognition experts who analyze the tape. Well, like those tapes that we intercepted with the Iraqis talk into each other. Right. We know that those were real people. Oh, I'm just a loop. There's no question about that. Well, what we got on the website today, some pretty good stuff. US had hit data hinting of Oklahoma bombing, which is very disturbing. And by the way, that was under the watch of Bubba. So all new people, all you boost offenders, we're not the good of Lemmo on that one. This was under the watch of the FBI, of course. They just don't seem to get, you know, they can't get it together. Chicago tops Oscar nominees along with all that Schmidt. What is that about Schmidt? Well, this one too, this is somehow we missed this. Sarah Settable in charge of making terrorist threaded airport in Tampa. A 30 year old woman's been charged with telling a screen or a Tampa international airport that she was a terrorist and had a bomb and knife and her luggage. The FBI said Monday. Well, at least the FBI got that on the control. Silla Szochi, SCOK30 of Sarah Sota, which charged with providing false information regarding the presence of a bomb in a piece of baggage according to the FBI. She was released Monday and $10,000 bond, and it says here on the AP, there is no telephone listing for Sochi and Sarah Sota. She don't have no phone. Sochi was a ticket at passenger Saturday, but she told a screener she was a terrorist and had a bomb and knife in her baggage according to the FBI. A day earlier, the Bush administration raised the National Terror alert for me over war and which we already know that. Orange alert, just in case you've been sleeping, case you've been hibernating out of touch. There's another facts and there's still coming out with the movies by the way. Which is OK, little kills from good time. How about the man with no name while he did have a name, manco, the Clint Eastwood character in the Goodbandy ugly, also a fistful dollars a few dollars more. Uh, manco. Is that manco? I thought he wasn't Chicago. Manco, do it a morning show. Yeah. I don't have any idea what that's all about. Well, there are Clint Eastwood, I've said, I like Clint Eastwood, my favorite Clint Eastwood movie was play a Misty for me. Yeah. That was good. I like that better than dirty hairy, but they like Rituate as violence. They like movies that have a lot of shootings, like Hulk fiction, a lot of dead people, a lot of bodies. A lot of Rituate as violence. Yeah, I like Rituate, Harry, but I'm not in the same league with play Misty for me, would just have a water or outlaw Josie whales, which had shooting and a good story. Play Misty for me. Now is, how many times I've seen that? Hundred, at least. Nobody ever talks about that movie. That's a little close to home for those of us who are ready at a. And why, what about her name? What that was the name of the character just the broader play? Uh, somebody will know. Misty. No. Poor Earl Garner, he's still dead. He's rolling over in his grave thinking about that. It's like Misty for me. And of course he had that real. That that. The so many things if you're in radio about that movie that you love, for example. He didn't he didn't queue up for the record, he just he put a needle on the record and we'll see. Yeah, put the needle on the record on the turn table back in the days when we had records. They remember that well, a soul for its do? They just he just reached over put the needle on the record and bought a thing. There was like right off you know like magic like magic trick by Clint Eastwood. It was just so many funny thing it was almost as fake but at least it was a good movie unlike talk radio Eric Bogosian that piece of crap Or the for the board up is spinning around like he's like a droodle and heat like Linda Blair's head on a totem pool just spinning around Throwing carts and uh, Mr. Cool man, Mr. Cool. Well, we at least we didn't confuse it with you Here's the fact that says Doesn't it seem that we Americans are getting ready for our next fight when the last one isn't finished It racked it and blow up the world trade center was all kind of huh When are if we get attacked this week or next it'll be seen now Just because they're saying it's gonna be this week. Do you believe that? No, I'm fact I think every time that they say it's gonna be at a certain time That makes it less likely that it's gonna be at that time But it says when are if we get attacked this week? It'll be all kind of I consider is that in our need for revenge after an attack people become bloodthirsty For getting the real enemy and jumping behind the bushmysters war for oil for getting about been laden and a real threat to American safety here at home Also my the only one that wonders why it is that converts predict in attack book and stop on Yeah But anyway Well, that's a bit, but I just have it to be in there. Nice timing. You'll thank you 560 we like to hear from people that are out there buying duct tape bottled water This queen Plastic sheets of plastic don't be spastic just go on and get some plastic that's what this queen is I see oh Is it really yeah, I never heard of that and what do you do with it? I was close 21 till 10 but I've heard of this shows just zooming along here today something must have happened here really good yesterday Maybe it was a really good pool See yes just consider yourself lucky that by the time I decided I was actually gonna go and find out if I was still alive That I'd start it scratching and of course George's response much like my mother was unacceptable Well, I think I've already done that one I noticed that didn't prevent you from doing it. I didn't say that at all as you did. I think your head was in a fog I said we did psycho villains Not the same thing the point I was making was that it was not the same The one in Carlos man he's giving you an evil taste gizl If anybody it or evil dirty look Maybe he's smith our tight. I don't know 20 maybe go over there and work on that show and speak of that. I was in a car with how they was it yesterday I guess go to the track on Monday night. Oh I punched over to the Schmidt-Mister as bad as that when I say vintage Tampa radio that's that's an understatement That show was so freaking bad and so predictable and so just and the colors on their man's like Did oh heads anonymous all over again sad you ever heard that show not a stone don't It'll scare the Schmidt-Udiya 20 till 10 at 5 60 WQM and guys I want to tell you definitively they've done all kinds of studies. They've determined that size really does matter You're talking to an expert and according to the Florida Department of Labor computer professionals have really big impressive ones And naturally you already knew this because we've done this by 50 million times We're talking about paychecks According to the state of Florida computer careers are among the highest paid in the highest in demand and fast-tracking up You achieve that new high-paying computer career in just four short months Fast-rands got locations all over town for you. They're in Kendall Miami for Florida and Pembroke Pines And they've got the evening weekend schedule So there's no excuse to Santa Crapie that in job you want to start making some real cash You call fast-trained it and get all the information how they can do it for you call 1 866 fast-trained That's 1 866 fast-trained. They've got full-time job placement and urine teeth financing too Call them today 1 866 fast-trained check them out on the web if you like it fast-trained.com And don't forget you can have a big one too real soon a paycheck thanks to our friends at fast-trained Beat that data me The TV show you are about to see is real only the channel should be changed to protect the board Married with drag net this is the city Los Angeles California. I work here. My name is Bundit Yeah, I mean Friday, and I'm a shoe salesman. I mean I'm a cop It was Tuesday. I was working the low-persection Beat that data me the TV show you are about to see is real only the channel should be changed to protect the board Married with drag net this is the city Los Angeles California. I work here. My name is Bundit Yeah, I mean Friday, and I'm a shoe salesman Not basically what they got pretty much something like oh what's happening over here Joe? Oh no, oh I hate the old paper jam. I do like great jam, but I don't like the old paper jam Warning triggers are run on disaster supply somebody just facts me this from the USA today and then every other newspaper including the local ones Nobody's gonna have time to call us today. You don't understand that don't you because they're out there busy getting a duct tape Visqueen and bottle water bottle water Warnings trigger run on disaster supplies Monday's recommendation by the Department of Homeland Security In fact, Greg I'm surprised he showed up today. He's batting down a hatch. He's got years and years with a bottle water in there Okay, see we won't have to work as we got the freebies. We got a little free food. They can bring in We're gonna stock it up to the ceiling Anyway nice haircut by the way Three days supply of food water and medicine to have duct tape and plastic sheeding to see a windows doors appear to be taking hold around a country What do he say he hopes for feeling better. Oh thanks, Greg and by the way was nice in here The buy and see more intent. Who said I was feeling better? What he really means is he's glad I showed up today because we got a lot of spawn right and I showed up today I'm feeling a little better. It's gonna take a week or two But he look at me like it's gonna take a week or two before I'm back to my old self. Okay Yeah And nothing but my hearts in good shape and dirty the purchases came amidst stepped up security around the country since Friday when the terror Because I got it it's gonna take a week or two for the tailor to get around a loosening my pants letting him out a couple inches because they're two sizes too small Now if you ever try wearing a pair of pants that would two sizes too small it can stricts all a circulation in your body Right and then it doesn't go to your heart and your brain and like God only knows what kind of things can happen Doesn't go to your rectum kind of like all those newspapers that were not a business because of bad circulation The purchases came amidst stepped up security around the country since Friday when the terror was orange yaddi-yani airports Random car searches continued most airports, but at least three airports declined to conduct a random checks Minneapolis Saint Paul Seattle and Spokane Washington see I don't understand why it is necessary for the news media put that in there I I mean not gonna make any difference what I say here, but why they have to put that in the USA today? I don't know Huh in other words if you guys are thinking about going to an airport and like doing some crap here are three good ones We're the not really doing heavy duty checks. Why is that? There else I mean those are like three minor markets. Those are three less especially Seattle and Minneapolis Saint Paul Right right Anyway Bridges orders just pages of this crack The Coast Guard scrambled to search the waters to the San Francisco Oakland Bay bridge before dawn yesterday after a tugboat operator Report of the demand wearing a wet suit which was two sizes too small by the way was buzzing around in an inflatable boat without lights After intense search no one was found see this this is and how come we're out here and very much more about those Cubans the A Cuban the effect the Coast Guard guys right yeah That came up on sure in a little boat. You only think we're here about it is that one broad It says that the Castro government was there 80 trillion dollar. She's pissed off If he wants to get the boat right that's all we hear about it and Which was two sizes too small by the way was buzzing around in an inflatable boat without lights after intense search no one was found See this this is and how come We're not here and very much more about those Cubans the a Cuban the effect the Coast Guard guys Yeah, that came up on sure in a little boat the only thing we're here about it is that one broad It says that the Castro government was there 80 trillion dollar. She's pissed off If he wants to get the boat right that's all we hear about it and Elliot and and of course on channel four new So set us to the other couple of times give us this statue of Liberty's advice gift as a parting gift. Yeah That was like seven million years ago. Oh, and speaking of that did you see the thing about the expanding universe? Yes, I did okay So now they say the universe is like what was it 13 billion years old right now? I just I don't want to put anybody out of spot, but how do you rationalize that and of course? They asked all of these different experts right scientists about life and all these NASA people after the Columbia blew up about whether they believe in life on other plans and they all said including a lot of the former astronauts Yes, of course obviously either now or at some other time, but no question about it right How do you how does that rationalize with all this mumbo jumbo in both the Jewish and Goisha Testaments and the Vibles that say that the world is 5,000 years old I've got in the sacred oh Satan maybe the evidence the scientists are Satanists the scientists are flooding the world carbon-divisent Making it just I'm made up Satanic why the fossils were put there by Satan probably on Halloween right the readings that the scientists are getting Satan Uh-huh, okay, I'll be damned. He's everywhere 100 and 79 votes on a pool. What's your take on the latest been laden tape? What's your take on the tape? prove that Bush is playing in his hands 50 people said that it changes nothing 46. There's still All the reason to attack Iraq now 37 what me worry 29. It's not him. He's really dead 17 people say that well I mean I put that on there, but it's just I mean obviously everybody's got an opinion But based on what how do we why would we think he's dead? The passage of time. Oh, we dropped all those bonds how could he not be? All the caves we blew up remember that We're up in a cave right Wasn't that on the list tore a bore oh? Here's a Jane. Oh Jane you are so chronic on the facts, but that's good because we haven't had any calls anyway I haven't taken any have I well, that's got a lot of stuff here to pump out really bloody down pump it out. We're busy. WQAM My yeah, yes, you forgot to let me you know you guys think that we're opposed to elections Everybody's choices, but I think you forgot to put I don't care simply because I don't care Wow Sure glad that he might have been a text involved in pop in the same pills that you were taking yesterday Yeah, let's take a lot of calls. What do you say these next to ours? We got only till noon and then we got the big noon to one hour It is Wednesday Exactly my sentence precisely get that where's Miguel with the treasur island problem? I don't know picking a Wednesday or is me a what you had the spot that was up here before they you took away Well, I didn't want to clutter up your reading area. I'm not gonna be meeting the the the only thing that's sitting behind There is the temperature conversion guide And I don't want to be reading that because you know when it says minus 10 it's whatever it is it's about plus 14 Fahrenheit So I'm gonna be reading that on here because then my mother allowed with my pants being two sizes too small Well, we're bitching about how cold it is to turn on the shirt. I ever go back to many times soon I'm gonna freeze my tussos off, you know Maybe if I do freeze my tussos off, then the use of pants will fit and they won't be two sizes too tight Okay, lay it on and say while I'm looking at James facts here to see if it's worthwhile The problem She says George did mention it was your pool in the survey to over and over again Carlos is on you know he's trying to stand back Found him you found him okay the over you brought his little lesson here appreciative Yeah, you know I thought he'd be another vote person right And which vote we don't know? Well, I'm getting this fed up with the podium, but anyway, what's the diplomacy about to his realm? Joe is gonna be there engine. You know, of course to watch and make sure he does do anything bad. She's the feature Anyway five to settle This is very special in the worthless prizes me, Boca Brian Miguel You should we talk about Joe Costello's prostate and private parts on the airbottle we all we did We have the first summer show series No wonder no one of the audience vanished Joe's issue was an issue is issue was a tissue Yeah But it's all better. Are you gonna do the promo for treasure? I just did that way. What else you want me to say? Who was gonna be there? That's what they want to hear and I'm not talking about you guys I'm talking about who's the feature to traction with a big good teeth. We have no particular feature this time Oh wow The guy with the eyes will be there next week Friday. Maybe you're good friend They call her Mr. Ego And how's play by the way your right Gilbert? It's George then won't put you on. I'd love to talk You're just thought I would if I Joe and Mark want to talk you overnight All my long they'll ever call your show they want him in the studio. Physi What did I tell you about him since he put on that winning band he has never been the same again That Costello standard right behind a by the way Threatening to do bodily harm Joe just has meeting with Mo and guilty by the way their brain storming tomorrow morning show stuff had actually a good idea for tomorrow's pool Which I'll tell you during the break a really good idea, but we don't want to do it today because then I'll start with suggestion You people are out of control man, but at least it keeps you off the streets and get that this queen right away I'll tell you good place to go before the world ends has pomp and a park it's Wednesday That means it's dollar night a pump and a park you can get a draft beer hot dog soda Large pretzel or popcorn or a book a piece you want to go to excuse to sneak an extra night to the track This is the month to do it because during the month to February the entire month Pomp and a park is open Thursday nights like tomorrow night not only will they be open every Thursday and February And it's also ladies night with two for one drink specials and free bingo for ladies only with more than a thousand dollars in cash in prizes So now we have this month live racing five nights a week Monday Wednesday Thursday Friday and Saturday first post time 715 with free general parking and free admission every afternoon evening In between looking at the dirty pictures and there somebody did mention that Joseph on the year one time About something about Pomp and a park and Mark told you we can't talk about that on the year. What does that mean about your great your great memories are going to Pomp and a park? What was that all about you never been a Pomp and a park? He's been to Pomp and a park what about 100 years ago? Yeah, well don't talk about it For Valentine's day this Friday February 14th of free via a bottle of champagne for each couple of purchased the twin lobster tail dinner in the six-floor top of the park Restaurant to be romantic dinner music and a free roast for all the women and attendance plus free miniature horse rides for kids to Monday madness at Pomp and a park means every Monday every Monday I do for $25 full-course dinner in the language top of the park restaurant and this Saturday a great racing Second round of the $250,000 electric pre-pacing series featuring many of the top horses and drivers in North America red at Pomp and a park Also the Saturday freed drawings to invocation packages and ass on a Bahamas including round trip airfare from Fort Lauderdale and a three-day stay at the Crystal Palace Hotel Casino in a Bahamas Pomp and a park lots of action over again live racing the night. It's dollar night to Pomp and a on power line road to Blacks south of the United Boulevard and Joe Custellal wishes he could be this As whole Tonight on Jerry Springer it's the Valentine edition You bird you're so damn sweet you fix the muffle on my El Camino you ductate the door of the trailer you spade the doll You like a father to the kids except the jepro after you knocked out your cheese. I just love you I love you But I wish you were to know good loser You ain't got no job and I've got these did a lot to great but I know and bring them a damn look for some And now, I'm working late at the diner. He's not a hunker. She's my sister. That's tonight on Jerry Springer It's 10-02 at 5-60 WC. Another one was a bropped ending ones. I love those keeps you on your toes George So where'd how was Jane Spanx? See, listening to 2pm yesterday in colon pal said he had the transcripts to a tape alges he or we're on jizz But the editor above a by Okay, whatever you say Jane I'm not gonna read some of these it's been the love you a lot but I'm not gonna read some of these paranoid Facts on here because everybody's got theories you know conspiracy theory And this one's behind and then to make George tenets on it right now for action In the van guard of this new world or knowledgeable non-state perveres of WMD materials and technology Such non-state outlets are increasingly capable of providing technology and Equipment that previously can only be supplied by countries with established capability Whatever that means you know what he just said no, but it's not a very impressive He was a lot of big words 218 votes on a poll. We're gonna start taking a lot of calls here in a minute. Are we if we get him Because I heard that you're but see when you make a list yeah, maybe it's such an easy show yesterday was a piece of cake Showed up I said that yeah, I mean Cuz I had you do the show on very short notice because I showed up here I was gonna do the show wasn't feeling well like great and I thought well, you know, maybe I had like a silent hard attack Which diabetic sometimes gets silent hard attacks? Which don't have the symptoms of a full-fledged heart attack did I have a silent hard attack? Oh, no, I did not My heart is as great as it's the solid as a rock To quote Dr. Bush he said you have a nice squeeze But I think that he said that when I pances about fell down when I was on the treadmill and saw my Back home. That's when he said he had a nice squeeze. I'm not sure what he was talking about That's what he said He apologized us for saying it all and I did six minutes on the treadmill which is very wiki said puddred We used to date team Was a much bigger rest than I do puddred because they aren't too proud of that Well, even breaking a sweat 18 minutes on the treadmill but like and carrying on cot a conversation, you know I'm standing there. I'm half an end puffing. I'm just trying to continue on a treadmill to get my pulse up high enough So they'll throw me back on a chair and take pictures of my heart again and he's uh, hey What do you think of the covalo trade and I mean hey Dr. Bush you're a great guy in a big hockey fan, but I can't talk it like you were saying at the dentist Dr. Gary what's his name? I good friend my dentist is a great guy Dr. Gary. Why does the same thing They put all that crap in your mouth and then he start to ask you any questions Oh, I haven't everything been okay lately So we're gonna go this summer. Yeah, you know, and you got all this crap in your mouth They do that cuz they're sadist and another thing that's speaking of sadist the nurses You know what they like to do you know how they put like oh, they like the heart monitor and then they put the different things When they put the adhesive on your chest okay, they're gonna do a suction Christ Well, not that's that they don't not these one suction cups these are like the little strips that they're like all right and When they pull them off Man, I had the one one girl yesterday very nice. She was great, but she admitted that she was a say this. Yeah, oh here and and she's pulling it off She's going oh and I'm saying a voice hurting you a lot worse than it hurt me I mean, yeah, I'm used to it big deal. I can't get off of that sit and they take two Don't forget your viz queen by the way Can't us must matcho this queen or the dairy queen or this old queen? That's gonna be the poll question later on month. I'm off had a good poll for tomorrow 567560 pound five 60 on a AT and T and Verizon wireless line Here's Miami hello Yes I beg your pardon Do you know how to oh head a row oh head a row head or I didn't understand it 567560 we want to hear from people that are out there doing your duct tape and stuff we want to find out if people are And of course if they are then I can be have time to talk to us Right, you know it'd be good to some of those big bug tents Just drink one of those over your house and yeah yourself in there. I see I understand what's up Okay, what is the plastic gonna do when they release the toxic poison gas? You know the nerve agent Well, let me ask you this this of course also means we're gonna have to turn off the ear conditioning since oh well I'll circulate from outside. I just mentioned that I don't want to get anybody panicky But it's not very it's not very sensible to like get brought up the whole house and then start sucking in the air from the outside Be easier to just put a plastic bag over your head. That's a good idea The rubber band won't feel any pain that way here's candle hello Yes, sir. I just wanted to correct you on the age of the universe It's 13.666 billion years old. Oh, that's cute Okay, thanks. Thank you so much 567560 pound five 60 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line where the how are these people today? They're all at home depot but you anything Stock it up on bottled water Stirno Can food get some beef or any man that'll kill you if the radiation poisoning and a botchillism in the Anthras if that don't get you the ship boy Rd will I do like beef or only though You know every now and then you get you huh? No, I'm not talking about on a regular basis. I'm saying like once in a great while right? You know they can microwave a little things now. I they've had those for a year. Is there what are you talking about? Now they have those out. They have them now and they've had them a couple years ago not a cut. They've had those for like 15 years They've had those yeah even in the drugstore. They sell that crap and they're make believe food counter We can die they don't have any real food they have like right well What the hell is that stuff like cracker jacks right snack foods? No, but what's the oh? I love it'll battle much little crunch a bunch there are two of them right there. You have fiddle fattle They have boxes and boxes of that What are you looking at what's just happened? It's just everything's full of you just calm down He's just his bad people out there. He's gonna be out there buying a fiddle fattle and plastic I'm telling you what thing when you're out there getting your viscwing gets him fiddle fattle Right, it stays you'll be you'll be so happy you'll be sick of course, but you'll be so happy to be liked And you can't go outside. I mean no kid like crap don't be by too much a garbage like because most canned foods you like you know peas oh Mushy stuff anything that's canned is almost guaranteed to be mushy because it's been cooked and we cooked Or here Miguel finally showed up with your promo for tonight and he's got his silly ass baseball outfit on Looking like a real silly person like a real silly Cuban by the way Pudrad Riga's been 18 minutes on the treadmill my doctor's office. I wanted it six But that's because his ass is three times bigger than mine Join George for happy our five to seven tonight. I treasure island off the pole meter just north of the 122nd Street exit stop by for prizes and drink specials and that's all it says It doesn't say see Miguel and Book of Brian and Who else Carlos Carlos will be there and Carlos will give the test to all the results from his blood test He's doing today my track visorides were 78 by the way And guarantee they're lower than yours guaranteed How would you want to bet? I'll bet you 15 cents against your next pao check same difference 9 minutes after 10 at 5. 60 WQ and ball 10 at the time is going so fast We just don't have a lot of fuel rush done Wednesday What do you say we go to like three o'clock what do you think no Where? Pursor island okay How about you now? They're gonna be are they gonna be putting the ovis queen up there too? I'm sure they got just a giant ziplock bag. They're gonna slip over the yeah like a giant condom All right, see a good idea for that place Hey guys Valentine's Day is this Friday and what women really want is for you to put a little bit of thought and creativity into your gift for a change This year's precious self and a fun original way and say it with a Vermont teddy bear just call 1-800-829 bear in a friendly bear Counselor will help you choose for over 100 bears handcraft in Vermont and deliver it in a delivered in a colorful gift box with a free card and chocolate Tell her she lights your fire with the new burden of love bear dressed like a honky farm and would love to add to one his arm or say I'm wild about you with a jungle love bear I heard that's what I guilty God That's what I guilty doesn't get Valentine's Day gifts because he's a real prick they even have bears for a hobby Reoccupation sending you Vermont teddy bears a creative personal alternative to flowers and will be around long after Valentine's day to remind you of her To mind her of you or whatever whatever Send a bird the opposite that her coworkers can see I thought of all the romantic you're posturing to be overnight in Valentine's Day delivery It's still guaranteed even though it's only a couple days away, but don't put it off to it now call 1-800-829 bear or shop online at Vermont teddy bear.com This year's say with a Vermont teddy bear for Valentine's Day Be sure and tell them that old Neo with the dirty heart totally to call 1-800-829-B-E-A-R Hi Snow Hola Hello Hola Tabimotova's rings Oh, who's this the maid? No, this is the wife, ta liya I like to speak with Tommy Victoria Hello, Tabimotova's rings PRAHA! What do you call this girl? No, no, no, Taliya Taliya Let me talk to the devil Please hold Mommy Mommy Mommy Rama Mommy What is it? Look at the phone Oh Oh Oh Oh Tommy with Victoria Speaking this is Michael Jackson's new lost your job You lost your job Hey, I didn't lose my job I stepped down or sure However you want to paint the picture Whatever you have to tell yourself in order to save some sort of face you do it But you lost your job You know actually it's kind of nice to hear your voice What? It's kind of nice to hear anybody's voice What are you talking about? Yeah, can you hear that? That's my Mexican wife, let me tell you It was a cue for maybe five ten minutes a day But if I got to stay home on her every day I'm gonna go crazy I'm not going to fool You're getting your justice search Tommy, Victoria, that devil All we do is eat Mexican food Kimmi, Changa's burritos, hostitos I got more gas than ex-un And you deserve to have the bloat Listen Michael, I'll resurface somewhere I'll start another label Sure you will So you can destroy the career of other budding artists Are we going to Chevy? Yes honey, we're going to Chevy Thank you very much All right, oh cheese If it's not Chevy, it's cheese If it's not cheese, it's a what's that driving place I don't know what you're talking about I called to be right you And all I'm getting is dribbled and Jimmy Changa And minute, I was to reason you were forced to be fired Right, I know because I'm very very very very devilish I want to live in a mess I want to live in a mess You're living in America All right, hey, like Mikey, I gotta go Okay, I gotta take over the Taco Bell Chevy Okay, Chevy, you want to come with us? No, I don't want to be seen with you You are the devil So at this point, I am finding myself having some sympathy for you All right, all right, all right, I gotta go there Mikey Let me tell you something If I were to fart right now, after neighborhood would go up Oh, the fight Tensys need to find a 16WC From the new and cryo or blah, I'm excited we got to temboids 310 pound rosy collapses, lover battles to saver And here's a picture on a front page Woo Talk about, look at that Man, oh man A giant in the former entertainment biz Inside though, there's a really interesting thing I don't want to get people nervous But the mystery of America's first bioterrorist attack Do you see this? I saw it on the headlight Would you be with Army surplus gas mask in a whole thing? It happened 60 years ago during World War II And it's still unsolved An aesthetic prowler on loose an aesthetic prowler adds victim Shocking headlines in the local newspaper reflect the horror of the chilling attack In Matoon Illinois At top Mrs. Bert Kirney tends to eryreal daughter Dorothy Olene victim of the attack Now if you were gonna like La Glauche Terrorist attack on the USA wouldn't you think Matoon Illinois would be a great place to do it First place I think of A small Illinois town is gripped by panic for weeks Is terrified residents become convinced to run to attack by a deranged bioterrorist And suffered temporary paralysis in other painful symptoms It sounds like a horrifying event Rift from today's headlines but it happened almost 60 years ago during WWII And an inquire investigation discovered that his frightening little moments in it Has ery parallels to the anthrax bioterrorism The Chukamurica and its chilling connection The person of interest in those recent attacks Are you ready for that? No Just before Labor Day 1944 residents of the Quay town of Matoon population 15,000,000,000 Began reporting battling gas attacks As they slept in their beds the first bioterrorist attacks on American soil The victim has been women in chillin complaint of being filled by a sweet smell A gas sprayed into their bedrooms They suffered extreme physical symptoms ranging from intense nausea And blinding disiness to burnt mouts and lips and partially paralyzed legs The Matoon bioterrorist in it was never solved And the recent anthrax attacks of completely baffle donations stop investigators The FBI focused their anthrax probe on scientists Steven J. Hadfield The work that the biographer defense lab at Fort D.T. Maryland the inquire learned that Oh, you're going to, are you strapped in? Yeah The inquire has learned that Hadfield went to high school in Matoon, Illinois And could very well have known about this mysterious incident The perpetrator known as the Mad Gasser of Matoon raised many questions in the minds of the shaken citizens Was the Gasser an enemy agent testing in a weapon? Was the terrorist a twisted scientist to escape mental patient? Or could the Gasser actually be a figment of people's imagination spread by mass panic? As some experts suggested Not sure thing it must be just a coincidence that he was the court He was born or he went to high school in Matoon, Illinois this person of interest And then they're digging him up again, you know, last couple of years Yeah, there was a wrecking that old lame thing 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T line, pound, and B, chill out No, how you doing? Okay Good, I just filled up my, I guess, the terrorist support vehicle over here at X on About 500 bucks Well, it was 550 this week But you know, I don't understand how everyone can think that Bush is not behind this gas pricing increase I mean, if you got X on on a fourth quarter profit post you know over four billion dollars I mean, how many hundred dollars? How can they expect us to do anything else but go to war? Thank the Lord that they're not exploiting all these horrendous things that are going on And they're possible, I mean, you know, gases or oils up to 35 bucks a barrel which is very high But they're saying that these pricing increases aren't in any way justified But it ain't stopping me, you know what I'm saying? Just in case we have a real trouble with a war and we lose the Iraqi roll, etc. Well, it just, it just pushes propaganda war machine pushing the Americans toward war That's all it is Okay, and I thought I got to say I'll see if the arm depot Okay This queen That's all you got to say, anybody you see they just say this queen That'll look like a code, they're speaking a code again Now it's not the time for tax cuts queen spend says, oh, he better dumb me up, I'm telling you right now Federal Reserve Chairman Ella Greenspaners Congress yesterday to restrain to refrain to cut it out No cutting taxes while the threat of war hangs over the economy Saying he's not certain the major physical stimulus is necessary Taking aminate large multi or deficit projected by President Bush The central bank chief also made a strong plea for tougher budget discipline He said that any future tax cuts should be budget neutral or essentially offset by spending cuts So thank goodness that we got the economy under control That we don't have gas people being raped by the oil companies and all of these things And that the rich people are going to get another tax cut Yeah, if he is his way, what you want that'll ever go through I don't think 560 pound 560 do you see Bubba on airwood lurking? Chastising him about you don't need the tax cut and I sure is held don't need Larry said Bobby's yesterday, but he had they had him on a gang yesterday with the was normally a void with a jodd Judy Woodruff from CNN he's all over the place now, Bubba and I was thinking of myself how about four more years You know and this time keep an encolter and the rich of melons gave it all right I think there's keep them a busy doing something else, you know like playing with each other Yeah 560 pound 560 I guess this audience don't have too much to thoughts about all this history that's going on and buying They're they're busy they're buying gas and they're plastic well they must be loaded and if they're buying gas You think this would be good for us they won't be driving nearly as much because they can't afford to waste all the expensive gas and they got to stay close to home Here's for a lot of deal hello Hello, yes sir Yes, I Okay Jerry Did anybody watch that Mark Schumacher on how to seal up a room I guess you didn't right Are they your pardon Mark Schumacher this sounds like Reverend Jones again? No, no, I never thought it I've let you 15 years I'm in a car Uh-huh But let's know this what are you talking about Jerry? What am I talking about this clean and the duct tape? Uh-huh You take your room you pick out a room Max Schumacher from network member him oh yeah Oh, yeah You sit down I'm sorry Go ahead keep keep going Jerry's it's getting really free I'm trying listen you like this okay Seal up the room your vents turn off their conditioning You had a had a fire guy with him there showing him how to do it You see it up like a tomb and it's only good for five hours After that you got carbon dioxide and you want to die anyway Oh, she's well, it's not a won't worth all that in for them is it? No, you might've opened up to windows and watch TV. Okay, I'm gonna do it right now Let's open up the windows watch TV Oh, I I should have achieved it with from a two-wheel and oil anything Okay, at least went to high schooler 560 pound five 60 on the AT&T line lot of calls today not man's pretty desperate Here's lady in Kendall hello. I know yes man This is so stupid in the first place They will they what if they got to this queen or plastic they will put it on properly and It's just a force it's just another it's like the hurricane when they start that preparation They overdo it Uh-huh. What do you think I think okay This one to put I learned it okay tend to go out of the bed now. Okay. Yeah. See you later Get out of the bed 567 and let's go back and do some more to the movie characters that you did yesterday I give it that pull because we're sure dying here today. I have no idea why you think that these people You certainly have something to say about all these things, but they don't they don't they don't they don't They don't rather the scream or eat a banana or move to like a matuni all the way see I'm right So what thing is not gonna happen there again because they'll be watching for it How about how about the thoo and where does my thoo and is it like an Pennsylvania somewhere? Oh no. I've heard there is a town how about like a disconnected the I still think that'd be a safe bet sure Even the people live there don't want to be there Lake forage. Well, I could name a lot of little I love taking places Ain't you a good a tree and start to get there. You got to take the cool hoh wasi river knocks the rental to dry your man You couldn't find that if you had a man exactly shall be Montana be great right now all those orange heads be done What is to be here's I'm Marana hello. Hey. How's it going? Okay, sir Yeah, one of your a few of your few hasten listeners here. All right. I don't know if you have the same You're a few but you know how your favorite station tell us seven has one of their many few late breaking stories Yeah, oh Monday they had a late breaking story about governor Watch his name. Governor Minisona again. Jesse Ventura. Just you've been through it. Yeah, yeah It's breaking story that you know he's in the hospital for some kind of blood clod he had somewhere and then they go to break it come back And they apologize because the story was seven months old. Uh-huh Well, I guess they wanted to kind of like lump it in there with John Kerry and the, uh, prostate cancer and the Bob Graham and his heart Thubbing cut in half and whatever they're doing. I just want to lump it all in together If I want to do hot I could I get a little more bit uh, see these there How can you get one? Yes order right off our website ghost dealer computer got to get on to a website and order right off of there Matter of fact I'll see a one bring one for Carlos and George. All right. We can use one. Make sure it works by the way because ours and worth a crap. Thanks. I do see you mine 5 6 7 0 5 60 last this is it this is last time though. If there's any day in my life that anyone want to come in here and bake for phone calls This was gonna be the day, you know, and it's just a sad they must be they must literally be out of the bed They must be scared crapless You end resolution rise. That's what you went the international atomic energy association to our resolution The clear's North Korean breach of you in unspriced. Yeah, and shock can't imagine why I hate that Kimmel Jong-ho. No, too. Yeah, I hate that I hate that Tim Bartzini In fact, you said I hate that goddamn barzini. Is nobody said something like that. Don't be saying that on our show again sent you know Isn't that who said that wasn't that his line? Who said it ever we could get the book? Or was it Carlos? It might have been Carlos. It's been so long. Yeah. I gotta watch it again. Hey, Carlos Let's go to Vegas. What do you say? Clements has got the tickets he's in the back seat 567.0560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line Favorite characters from my movies? 19 silent movies. Huh? Up to 1929 Hey speaking of old farts if you're a faddle far, even if you're young like the beast How do you lose the way? You know, everybody wants to put it on this diet And all these magic pills and all these potions and drink this crap over the weekend. Guess what? That's not gonna do the job Look at the beast if you've got a strong stomach. He's lost about 50 pounds. I bet you're over 50 pounds. Wayways and unfriety Balance for life is the way to go. You ought to yourself to try this if you try to say in other ways to lose weight and have been successful This very well might do it for you because you don't have to count any calories. It's as simple as can be No carbohydrate counting no shopping no cleaning no worries I'll do this fill out the little menu to give each week you pick between two choices for each meal What's consist of three delicious gourmet meals and two delicious snacks. They're in your little black sack And they bring your sack to your house. Your office where we want by six in morning every day and there's your food for the whole day And we're not talking about pigeon like sizes. We're talking about ample sizes of delicious food everything fresh to keep you full all day long And the way just pours off your body. You'll have a big smile on your push If you want to do as well as the beast or probably even better let balance the light take our all the details for you Call a mark now. Find out what it's all about and get yourself in shape again nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine is number to call nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine Or check them out on the web if you like it balance for life dot com and be sure and tell them the beast or did it call We're sports radio five six You a Yo the learning channel and MTV hooked up to bring you the freshest new decorating show trading crams this week Snoop dog and Celine Dion redecorate each other's bedrooms Okay, Celine the first thing we're gonna do is we're gonna take down snoop horrible ceiling fan Oh, no, they missed a dog. He said to me touch my ceiling fan and I will pop a cap on you trading crams Watch music's biggest stars shine and Sam and paint so snoop. What should we do with two in bedroom? Yo check it out. I think when you did paint over that big old picture that battle ball cracker with the right beard Yeah, but that's a mural over husband Renee same what I know Trading crams will snoop dog be far wild by what Celine's done to his beloved bedroom. Okay, Mr. Snoop. I hope you like what I have done yes Okay, you're opening your eyes. No, wait wait wait. Hold up. Hold up. When my when my dance ceiling fan It'll be Don't miss trading crams right after TRL total redecorate live I've been hurting it's not even on the bridge 1033 at 560 WC from so anyway, you're really on about it's not on a bridge You honestly don't much you're talking about Fox news is showing what I was showing. I got Carl 11 Suspicious truck stopped on the York City whitestone bridge. It said I don't even know where the whitestone bridge is Do I never heard of the whitestone bridge pretty big bridge that wasn't Pretty big city, but anyway, there's a suspicious truck has been stopped And that's all they're saying right now. Now we go back to whoever this guy is who's this guy? What I just want to say wow chief of urology at the Johns Hopkins hospital He's talking about prostate cancer surgery of the overdone carry okay, yeah Don't you feel like a little overwhelmed That's why these people are like hiding under the bed is like overwhelming Everybody who wants to run as a Democrat now is coming out with some horrible disease Bob Graham's heart is like in the 16 different parts Not that that apparition already was done and they already do it for my wrong Huh? I think they did that because the doctor told him to talk in 30 but other than that It's done. It's done. Just we're a Carlos. You're a little bit too hyper today Just calm down a little bit relax into the world is coming Why not try like a box of chocolates for Valentine's Day you might actually like it by Carlos and chocolates He won't eat him then we will 12 votes what's your take on the latest bin Laden tape it changes nothing 92 changes nothing prove that bushes flying right into his hands 82 See I don't understand cuz it says on the tape supposedly that he calls Sodom who's saying a Despit he calls him an infidel What proves it to me? Well, no, so it's it'll be right Anyway, all the more reason to attack your back now 72 What me worry 41 and it's not him. He's really dead 25 out of 300 and 12 votes Suspicious truck stopped on New York City's whitestone bridge And actually And it's got to get the schmothan under talking about the junk carries prostate cancer surgery Here's Carl Springs, hello Neil yes sir. I just want to tell you if you want them with a whitestone bridges It connects the Bronx and Queens. Okay That's working next to run this three bridges that connect the Bronx rocks in the visquins Yeah, it's the tribe out of the whitestone and the frogs and act. This is the one in the middle All they doing is they're showing a truck and they got the like a big tow truck in front of it It's just sitting there and that's about it. It's not our bridge and it's not on a bridge. It's near the bridge Okay, let's let you know thanks for the good news. You got it. Bye. Okay. There. There. They are they're like a truck Now what what message suspicious what it looks it's white. You notice how white and plain Yeah, yeah, it looks pretty suspicious to me rectangular kind of a sexy rectangular right there Reading and black to get going. I see they they're trying to walk and chew gum at the same time. Okay, and you notice every step They take they take a little tilt further to the right. Oh, that's right. It's Fox News. Yeah, look. It looks like they're walking on it I'd like to on a list By the way, good luck with your test results today, Carlos. Don't forget. I want to track lists of ride numbers 78 That's your you're never gonna beat that. I'm telling you He didn't he would know a track list of ride number from his ass. I'll need the word. I thought that better 78 You know how good that is for an old family like me Great his be what should a young family know guy like 65 75 something like that Certainly under a hundred if you're track was he first of all he doesn't eat anything He doesn't like chocolate doesn't eat a crap his track list of rides probably gonna be like 50 He's on that black crow's diet. Remember we have that bit yeah, the suspicious marble girl cigarette for breakfast like a crunch Here's a call from Bokas we continue trying to sort out all the they just too many things going I just want to cave it and just give up here's Bokalo Yes, sir. I want to talk a little bit about track list rise because I have a problem with them And I want to know what creates the problem with them What pressures normal sugar's good? I want 11 what is what is making my track list rise out of whack? And I don't eat any crazy Well, I ask you this why would you be asking a federal fart like me? I mean those a federal fart like you seems to know Uh, and we think about your diet and you're waiting your all when said it was the doctor all day I said well, I mean what are you eating or you like a lot of crap? No, I'm telling you right now. I don't have any crap in my house to eat other than you know fresh fruits and you know green cereals and things like green Serial green like lucky charms Not another that girl No, well, so what's your track list right number it's in the 90s? Well, what's wrong with that that's excellent isn't anything under 100 is sensational Okay, well, I was a little bit who said when I thought you were gonna tell me was 300 with it if it's like in a hundreds like 300 for And then there were 250 then some bad number Anything under 100 is outstanding just because your Zain is fit as mine. I mean, you know, well, of course What causes what? They've tried glycerized to go up eating a lot of sugar and starches and crap But yours is 90. I'm trying to tell you you should keep doing what you're doing okay, and no lucky charms Okay, okay, go back to See, I'd help this guy out. He thought that he was like he's panicking over there. Everybody's panicking not us We're calm aren't we Oh, there's a very suspicious look and truck and I've got it over there on the snow And they got to pull the truck over to the side and there's a big ass tow truck a Big yellow to wild just a regular pedestrian tow truck kind of thing like to put a distance away in And it's just that's it. There's nothing going on. There's like nobody near it I'm maybe there's a freight something. It was like three blocks from the bridge. Yeah, well, maybe it's good They got it before got to the bridge look like it was even in the other direction Maybe they're like a bunch of liberals on it because why they got it on Fox news They're gonna like tow them away. We won't see them again Can we go to like a real news network on here instead of that crap? Oh, here's this guy again John Kerry Discussed a surgery. The anti-GNPSA is a blood test It's made by the prostate if the cancer has been completely eliminated the PSA test should be undetectable And I would expect it to get to be an old fart like me every year have that PSA test I was 2.9 not too bad Sanders sometimes it's like 1.9. I kind of like it fluctuates If it gets over 4. Then you start getting a little bit concerned if it gets to be really high then you've got to go What does that actually stand for PSA yeah public service and I'll do that I know see this guy's asking me about triglycerides and you're asking me that what did I want to tell this PSA test stand You're like an expert in it. I just picture of health No, but Is that a you're not even like a picture of a health battle the queen like me you're a metal I've been had lots of procedures. I'm an expert on how you get sick because believe me I want not to do I just got to tell you I don't know what it stands for somebody will call in tell us back to I don't know and my what it What difference does it make what it stands for you ought to be getting ready to host? What do you get your blood test? Carlos he's too young for that all you never know But after you're like 35 or 40 every time you get your blood taken like your be here whenever you ought to have the PSA test unto can't hurt That's what John Kerry said 20 before 11 at five 60 prostate specific and it is see I have part of it. That's what it means I feel better now. No, no, you don't because it doesn't make any difference what it says I've got met as medical lingo a lingo jingo mow vandalingo mongo. It means nothing to us Mumbo jumbo all I do like good gumbo I don't like that in the world. It's food too spicy. If you have irritable bowel all Spastico and Ha ha ha see one good thing about all these tear alerts and all these horrendous things that everybody's got plan for us around the world If you got all these health problems Right about it that much more speak of that if you do want to do something about your health problems if you're fat If you're big fat you look like crap like but I know believe me. I see it in the mirror every day just just all is oozing fat And you're also unhealthy although my doctor said my squeeze is very good But if you're fat here's a great story you're enjoy shopping especially if you're on the atkins or any of the low carb store The lights of us both of the entire store is for you 600 plus delicious low carb food products this way check out the new low carb tortilla chips and original or pico gallophilaver by carb Sense and with a great tasting no carb or shit about walled and farm you put these two together and you'll be in shnack heaven or put him Separately or put him wherever you want and whether it's carbolite ice cream breads chips Muffins cheesecakes pasta and sauces the lights of us book is the place and you can try anything in the store before you buy Fat rich was tell me about the Carliske human the track girl Monday night He said it's really good stuff and maybe you can be as healthy as he is if he'd enough of it At Delight's the staff knows their stuff. They know the atkins that talked about him inside and out They're open every day seven days a week ten to ten and it delights you'll find the most complete line of That can brand products anywhere and here comes the best part. I like the gas stations that are ripping you off Always 25% off all day every day so if you're on any low carb died in the world here's the number one sugar free story Anywhere the lights of us book on the northeast corner of blades in 441 Right next order to Boston market or call 1-877 low carb check them out of the web if you like it low carb dot com don't forget there's only one detail lights of us book. It's your official atkins retail Senate No Sports winning by six On MTV's hit TV show becoming average kids spend a day live in the life of the music celebrity But what happens when those same kids return to school the next day find out on MTV's new show becoming Unpopular Little Bawaw was a dream come true But the next edge in class everyone call me little loser boy and what's my understudded toilet Watch the becoming winners turn into losers on MTV's becoming unflavular Apped to a reanacted Christine Aguilera's dirty video all the bison my algebra class has turned root photos in me from the internet Luckily I got my normal and I was able to stay full for the rest of the semester This week watch Arnold and we would get an atomic wedgie during soccer practice after becoming air and Carter It's all part of becoming unpopular on MTV several criteria high symbolic value mass casually severe damage to the US economy the maximum psychological trauma and then Over finally it gets into Thanks Ted Ted Kennedy Give us already for a nice delicious lunch. I go out need a lot of fun. Were you when you go out and right now? You got to bulk up. Yeah, you don't know you're ready for the impending disasters What I was fatal mistakes is the globe as we look through these taboids this week Right on a front cover there Columbia tragedy there last surviving there last to terrifying seven minutes inside the shuttle and it's got pictures Of course of these streaking all the different pieces of the Columbia zooming across the skyline Fatal mistakes how human error and budget cutbacks led to loss of seven brave souls I think they're ever in their final report gonna actually admit that no even a lot of other people are saying that's what it was Even though we had the warnings about the oh rings before the challenger you know again that ice icing up business But don't confuse the public with the facts because they like the hearts and flowers aspect of these stories And the media is very you know, that's what they emphasize on It's just not the right thing to say is that you know, we sacrifice seven people and we just basically killed them At that's not that's not a good thing to say especially during these trying time 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line lady and sunrise. Hello Yes, man. I'm serious this morning and I just got out of your pardon I'm serious this morning. Well, I'm serious too. I just got out the phone with my daughter from North Carolina She just returned from Vegas. Right. You know how women change their purses. They use you know different times They have different packs. So she emptied out her purse found A pocket knife a silver one and that she's been at least on eight On a plane eight times with the Pocket knife inner purse and it went undetected. How about the box cutter? She said I was glad that she was the one that had the pocket knife Uh-huh Makes me feel real safe This incredible meal. Yeah, well, they put it on a good dog and pony show for us, but it's a look at a smear And I still say when you look at the people who are doing me are checking at the airports Forget about it. Well, just take a look at them. There's supposed to go to Australia and now she doesn't want to go She doesn't feel safe on an international flight. Well, not really that but well, all the places to go Why would you want to go to Australia? Well, or has there on the list? There on the schmittless believe me There are more through their acts or Not their X IBM and their son and them there This summer, but she's very skeptical now I mean This is disgusting. I just can't believe it. I don't fly it a lot myself But for the people that are boarding these planes thinking they're safe I never thought that and I mean, I you know, because I see the way that they're doing things and they always seem to pick me out And they check my belt and they check them. He take my shoes off and I'm working on Practically doing a cavity search. I just don't think that and plus I'm such a regular flyer They should already have a profile by now. They should know that I'm not dangerous to anybody except at the food counter Well, they stopped out of Gore to a remember you're right Okay, good luck. Good luck. Yeah, you'll need it. So she's got two confident right there that lady A lot of the rest you folks that fly they get on these commercial flights and you look around of those people the screeners And you say, I don't think so and you watch the behavior you know how they get bogged down talking back and forth and just like that Little boat And San Francisco the little dinghy and it always is like the people in the airport And like they vanish in a thin air Maybe it's sunk No, seriously, I mean, how is that possible How is it possible if they're really paying attention if they're really and of course we got to have these big task cuts So we can't afford the kind of budget we need for real homeline security That's what it boils down to oh we got the Patriot Act. We got homeline security right 567 We're not on Fox anymore back. Oh, so okay, so quit talking that crap Here's for a modern deal. Hello Yes, sir Hey, that truck into your dude looking at it. Why? Retangue or box truck? Yes We think that could be I just count it Maybe pretty nervous a big white truck in fact you remember back when we had all the shootings going on at Malvo punk and that other guy Remember that they kept saying that they went a white trunk and a truck and a white van Turn out to be nothing to do that they weren't at beat up old Chevy Should we be calling Rick Sanchez to cover the thing or what oh he's gonna cover with a blanket Okay, he's he's hovering over right now. He's hovering over to bridge That's another reason I never turned on MSNBC until to a clock. I know the coast is clear so I can watch your pat and Bill press bill press yesterday, but it was great He really just cut loose. I mean talker. I just about all of these things, you know About this whole war on a rack thing in the administration in the coal and poll business He's one of the few people in the in the mean stream media if you can call him that There's actually a total like a once and I and he got ahead into a man. He did a masterful job Look at the polls the poll numbers are way up the public they're buying it. They're buying it We believe you And then again, they take this tape yesterday this been lawden tape and they spin that into something That it certainly doesn't sound like to anybody but a brain When he's talking about the fact that Sodom is a Infidel I mean Sodom's not a religious fanatic. He's anything but right plus he ain't the right religion anyway No rag on his head no no no no shmata Look at that drop that sloppy mustache. He's got and it's gonna go to call those big fat cigars. He's right on They hate him right, but I hear they're in the game. I was one of them right Don't forget join George for happy our five to seven today at Treasure Island located off the ball meta Just know that they hundred twenty-second three exit stop by for prizes and drink specials I bet your bulk of Brian's gonna be there and Miguel and And a bunch of other very very horny people what the hell is uh, well? I'm not gonna even ask Here North Miami hello Yes, sir. This is being asked you know, I want your opinion on the Middle East A little something that hasn't brought up in the news You'd like wait wait wait wait. You'd like my opinion on the Middle East? No, I won't the question them about to ask you. What is your opinion on all of our concentrated troops in one small place As far as You know being vulnerable with all those troops and if they do have nuclear capability How come they wouldn't do it right there and make us look bad and give us the blame? Yeah, well, he's already said that whatever capable of he's got he's gonna use it if we invade he's a guy nothing To lose at that point. What I'm saying is what if he does it in his own territory Take out a lot of our special special forces troops right because that's what bad because everybody else thinks we dropped the bomb And what's gonna have what do we gonna have left for North Korea by the way? That's what yeah Something to think about and for the fight against terrorism which I thought it was what this was all about It isn't I thought that's what we were doing is fighting the evil doers The real evil doers and these other small potatoes that we could like deal with the you know we can keep him under a microscope for years if need be While we're taking care of important business and another thing I don't understand While George Tennett is up there a testifying in front of Congress from the CIA They keep telling us about all these al-Qaeda Individuals That we have not you know not necessarily sells but these individuals that they're following in monitoring Now I realize that they're gonna say well, you know if we keep following them they'll lead us to others And so on but why aren't they in custody right because every time we arrest a bunch of these people it It does it disrupts whatever planning that they're doing Right right but they're not doing that Unless maybe they're not following anybody No, well, that's what they're telling us Well, I'm convinced in addition to which this morning and I start out on the news by saying well There's a whole bunch there may be hundreds of L-cut operatives in the country that we don't even we're not even on to yet Well surprise is if that is a shocked anybody are you shocked? Oh, I'll just wait and this may But you got a good deal on gas. I go out there and gas up right now. Gets up your SUV like that first guy for the weekend It's not that far away if we're still here There's George Tennett Looking back what it confused look on his push it's country Well Iranian officials have contended that this Step has been undertaken to address civilian energy needs Wasn't that Olympia still for Maine who said that they found out about the orange Your terror alert and the news media She said the federal government did exactly to a great job in informing the officials around the country in the 50 states because the people in Maine found out about it through the new media they heard about around CNN But we do understand we are taking these things seriously. You understand that 56060 pound five 60 on a 18 T line. I tell you the result of the poll right now if this thing shows up again here There's the clock There is the time I'm looking on my home page here and there it says done on the bottom You know what's in between the clock and where it says done on the bottom? Nothing on nice white screen well little it'll show up on there again or how long is this gonna go on here all day perhaps Maybe it's sabotage Other it is standard in 79 votes What's your take on the latest bin Laden tape it changes nothing on 14 Proved that Bush is playing it was hands 100 all the more reason to attack Iraq now 88 What me worry 47 and it's not him. He's really dead 30 30 people are lots smarter than we are which insane too much Hey, I'll tell you one thing you don't have to be a genius to call dry concepts All you have to do is be somebody wants to have a great look in house If you want your carpeting look in just like brand new no matter how soiled and milled the Wii and crappy it may look right now Dry concepts will come to your home and dry clean your carbors nobody else in the world does it It's an exclusive patented method that's why I've been using in my house for well over 20 years now And everybody else I know that's got any intelligence uses dry concepts because they know just like I do Did you can't get a better deal all the way around first of all as far as prices concern? It's always a fair price and they guarantee that they give you written guaranteed price up front people They start doing the work they dry clean your carpets they make them look and smell just like brand new Lemon any fresh and then they're dry in a couple of hours you're ready to rock and roll again And they also do a stupidest job of cleaning your upholstery near leather furniture your drapery Whatever needs to be clean if you have pet odor problems milder odors from water damage They'll make all that stuff go away like with a magic wand So if you want to stupidest job every time at a guaranteed fair price do yourself a big favor and call the best in the world Dry concepts call them toll free 1 800 2485071 1 800 2485071 or just log on to their website at dryconcepts.com Don't forget with dry concepts you clean today and you can entertain tonight I'm just too young I'm just too young We know Saddam is really a big threat But no one wants to see world more three And With a little Georgie She's not little Georgie We ought to stay home With a little Georgie Wait up Chill out Lindo Chill out Before you send our men Be sure to count to ten Before you blow the crap out. I'll be your rack please listen to the you and wait up Lindo Oh 356 Somebody passes me Molly Ivins great column from Mousand they the only problem without closing up to the fringe right You're probably probably that as we head it on the website on Monday Huh see these people don't understand. I appreciate very much them facts in me the stuff but more a top of it man I'm scouring it And what's on it and other problem is that they're not the checking of bedtime stories on our website Which is very depressing to me too? They ought to be the ought to be every single day Because unlike before when I was wasting all the valuable airtime reading bedtime stories Which you audience obviously does not want at all So I don't have to do that anymore because they're right on website and you know anybody with a brain if they don't have a computer like that Haitian guy They go out and you know steal one barrel one go to the library go to the library Go on in that every day. This should be like part of your homework assignment Let me forgive that while what I have to say what tell do we know you know George knows nothing. I know less than nothing. We don't nothing There's Robert bird He knows that he just celebrated his 342nd birthday and he's just barely remembers those days when he used to walk around with those white sheets on Yeah Bobby Bobby And we're gonna step away Yeah, yeah, oh Senator bird is about to expire right there Right on the floor the US Senate O'Colent dollars a Bappa bagin now is the Hearing now before the house of an actual relations call on his hand. He's hiding it and behind when I broke up the emergency That parole 72 year ago. What's this? I'm leaving right now. You have to one his hand. Uh, second Thursday colon pal and he's just now beginning to see very interesting remarks How how how does he know that? That they're gonna be very interesting if he hasn't said him yet It not that the news is slimy to her tilt a business CNN by the way finally to make sure that that was the same guy that missed Pranowski or a puckett's name the final part of the resolution clearly said Leon whatever's name or our new material breaches further material breaches Me got mess on his voice is cracking out. He's getting so desperate to put it over as it must then I think it's consequences will do it every member sitting in the council that day and all their capitals understood the serious consequences meant if Correct did not take this last chance this last opportunity no more chances you've had it. That's a Here comes La Bomba baby What are you laughing about he didn't make nifizen job of pedaling bullcraft to the American public Is it oh he he looks so authentic and he said your reasonable guy, you know and he even knows his crap He would never they did it money Are you questioning the veracity or secretary of state again? Yes, here's a facts from one of our ironic Chronicles who says have you ever seen North Korean president Kim Chong, Eol, Jung Eol and Marty Ellen the same place I'll go check also the actual mark which was watered down by the press by Lyndon Johnson about your old Ford was he can't walk and fart at the same time But you know you and those days you certainly couldn't say would be very presidential to say he can't walk and fart at the same time He could walk and fall at the same time or like a horse maybe could walk and Schmidt at the same time and then say I was just trying to fart, you know It's just kind of like slipped out five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon line Mad dog at one the Humphrey three Chick-go panther preview at seven a panthers and arrangers with the lecicoval of 730 from the macarina any interest no any K after the game and Joe and Mark overnight Here's Carl Springs hello Yes, sir, I ain't a talk about pop-in-all arenas tracks that fit place to go I beg your pardon Good place to go pop-in-all arenas track What does that mean is it a good place to go? What is that? What is that? You go there tonight are you going tonight? No, I'm not No, I'm not that's a good reason for you to go go and have a good time Brian series baby But Brian series tons you got so just take a bag full of money Brian series Bruce Ranger Bruce Ranger Brian series once they're great while wally and I see when he's in a right road not David Graham please 560 560 pound five me here we are here's Colin Powell up there here's Senator Bird who's on a verge of falling asleep in front of the U.S. Senate We got all these people running out to buy bottle water and a viscene and this guy wants to know his Pompano park a good place to be and will I be there? Oh Good god almighty Here's some rise hello Hello, yes, sir No, I'm not seeing your deal. I called you for one thing, but I want to I was listening to what you said about if they know about these Alkai to people or they not arrested I worked for credit reporting agency and one of the things that they now check off is the thing called an OFAC report Which is kind of like a undesirable whether it's a money longer illegal alien Potential terrorist thing and I'm not going well if they can identify right Why are they still here why are they you know I don't even I mean It puzzles me why are they all done a Guantanamo with you to scumbag if they have a list I mean why haven't they picked these people up? I mean why do you know so but the reason I called was my wife and I would live in northeast state We tried flores again. It is good We went back there. I mean we had to stop going when it changed ownership Right Johnny and Joe and Okay, it's this is good when you realize he may be better maybe even then they brought us food a couple We still a sensational it was I'll be we we took it to go and they have beer wine again Which is good too, okay? We took it to go and let me ask you how many free meals are you getting for making this call? Not I have a problem that but I'm just curious What you say you should be should get a discount on nice meal I just like to see that that's my area where I live actually comes back I mean you got Sleeka down there now you've got all these restaurants coming on this game so hopefully 79 Street will come back to excellent okay. Thanks. Thanks. See you florist five six seven say how to sunny in a market two five six 705 60 pound five 60 on the 18 and 10 Verizon wireless mine line the order to get Sort of who's saying off the hook. Okay. I can't can't do it Sally you hear that he said can you give me off the hook time for all time sake That's what he said He heard you talking about the godfather yesterday Better get with it mister. Hey speaking again with the guys Valentine's Day is only two days away. It's this Friday But and what women really want is for you to put a little bit of thought and creativity in your gift This year express yourself in a fun and original way and say what they Vermont any beer just call one eight Himmarty two nine beer and a friendly beer counselor will help you choose from over a hundred beers handcrafted in Vermont Delivered in a colorful gift box with a free card and chocolate tell her she lights your fire with a new burn in love Bear dressed like a honky farm and would love to had to one as arm or say I'm wild about you with a jungle love bear They've even got bears for her hobby your occupation Sending your Vermont teddy bears a creative personal alternative to flowers will be around long after Valentine's Day to remind her of you Sending a bearded the office that her coworkers can see how thoughtful and romantic you are as a swell idea to overnight Valentine's Day delivery still guaranteed so call 1-800-829 bear or shop online at Vermont teddy bear dot com This year do it the right way the smart way say it with a Montenity bear for Valentine's Day and tell that Federal Neil tourty to call 1-800-829-B-E-A-R My Yeah The banana republic baby only in Miami I was attacked by the Pokemon He wasn't made my friend who job Oh no, I don't feel safe in India I'd rather be a New York and drive a cabo Thank you my friends Thank you my friend I go get one right now. Okay 1114 at 560 WQM there's moth he's a dancer around here like a wildman He's coming up with all kinds of neat programming ideas like playing music again. That sounds good to us For 117 votes on the pool. What's your take on the latest bin Laden tape not too many calls about that now. What's your interest? It changes nothing. Maybe that's why 122 29.2% changes nothing Proved that bushes playing right into his hands 1115 27.5% all the more reason that would attack you rack now 93 22.5% What me worry 55 55 people who are oblivious no matter what's going on. That's our crowd 32 say it's not him. He's really dead If it was him I don't we get a video tape when I had an elat they were saying yesterday explaining why I was an audio instead of a video tape it's much easier to smuggle somewhere a Audio tape in a video tape Because you don't have big those video tapes are Besides of our dance those big cookie video tapes. I know what they I'm just being for season. I know I'm being for such a joke But this is the mass media for you know just saying a lot of stupid idiotic things So they can go along with the uh The government line they can tow the line 560 50 50 60 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line No wonder what our big Wednesday comedy r and believe me we need that today we need a lot don't we? And like I said before be a real good time hop in a car Keep the show turned on we allowed have a few chuckles and head out to home depot Some of those other kind of places Lensley lumber if they were still in business and pick up your visc queen and a bunch of bottled water Duck tape you lots of duct tape Here's for a lot of deal, hello Well, no yes, sir. Yeah, I mean two things for you on your pole It's not a saw me is really dead. It's a plot by bush just to get America to back up Yeah, all right, so it was one other was bush made the tape as I would you say well I'm not saying he made the tape The administration did Yeah, well, that's one thing that's one way of thinking yeah, I don't know He's looking for backing right yeah, and what's the other thing? The other thing with the visk queen you need plenty of visk queen and duct tape duct tape the corners God get some olive oil Frisco okay, great and have a good time have a party. I guess he's gonna be a treasure. I'll let us see it tonight Ha ha ha ha Oh, that was duct tape we said sir with a D. I think he misunderstood it duct tape You know what this reminds me I don't want to be a skeptic or a cynical or you know not not abide by the word of my government, but It's all it's a step away From back during the Cold War When it's a little kitten school is to have these instructional films to show us what to do in the event of a nuclear attack And they would show those and it would show you how to hide under your desk in school, you know, I'm saying It's a bomb hide under the desk put your hands over your head Stick one foot up your back home ass because that'll keep you from melting right It's it's one step away from that and of course the obedient masses out there They're gonna go out there and they're they're not gonna go out there. They're doing it They're doing it and I'll say it like I said in the beginning of the show nobody's commented on this, but it just makes common sense to me Although that's story about Matuna, Illinois. I mean, that's a little bit disconcerting Even though Stephen had to go by the high school there But I don't think if you live in Poccipsy New York or in El Miro or in Albeon, Michigan or in how in Indiana Or in Shelby, Montana. I don't think you're in a lot of danger Right for hate But you never know I mean, what are they talking about they're talking about East Coast targets Primarily the North East seems to be what they're emphasizing and you know, so we never heard one more word about that Light box truck Please never another word about it. Well, I was a rock Well, we're too busy. I was showed on Iraq, but at any rate What what good is it gonna do? What could it possibly do To put duct tape on your windows What is that? It's like here's a picture of a guy Pedro Laira and employee of Flagler surplus. Well, see, I mean, they're just they want to do business Which is fine more power to them, you know, who don't want to buy those ugly things anyway In fact, a hundred years ago when my father had an army surplus store We used to sell those to gas mask army surplus gas masks If I would only save that you know, I'd not be in the chair right now could have saved one. I got one Wouldn't go down the elevator that day When I said I was in a fog, I should break it to work. He's done in one of the gas masks in stock Tuesday a few have been sold of late. It says Anti biological suits gas masks all of these things people are out buying up And despite of the fact now when we had the anthracicare didn't they tell us that this wouldn't do any good? Yeah, then they tell us that yes, try to oh And smallpox will this will I pretend now of course not But never let it make you feel better as you're breathing your own breath well. Yeah, it will make you feel better We walk around like that like this guy with a with a mask gun looks style. I say how about let's borrow j's schemas Oh, right out of that idea And his other glove in fact, maybe while he's here and we ought to be thankful for one that he's here to protect this, you know Against the evil doers 567 05 60 pound 560. I'm gonna really pissed off about this internet Are they doing anything about it or is it just is it just? You know come see come saw whatever now, because it oh, there it is 250 votes Oh my god, this place this place everything that I'm here and I send this message out to anybody who insists on the show It's so much better when he goes here bull crap and you see how sick I've been last day A couple days you want to know why because I'm here the eating the sitting on your ass the whole ambiance of being here is deadly This place is a killer So I'm gonna go up to Marshall, Michigan for a few months to look host this clear, you know, I know that Half of them worried about things Here's my any hello Yes, sir I'm gonna call out for my day here for a second to talk Okay, crawl right underneath there make sure you get to get that Okay, there's a little bit of my thunder in a way because I think the any seat part of it They can want to see everything it comes out to this administration put out It's always for the call we were full or I mean only 51 within a people that voted our pushing the office All the sudden I think he's a guy Well, call and did the job man. He put colon on the job He got it done 71 72% now say hey, where were they we believe it? Let's go get him But he's hit him pain without God bless this God bless this right fucking hell I'm gonna go in a kill all these innocent people in it. Oh because works I guess he thinks he has the right to do it. Yeah, it does those are living people not on born fetus Sir, you got your priority screwed up Yeah, but hey It's been anyway use of stuff Okay, are you sure and tape down the covers around the edges of the bed so none snakes in there underneath and get you Okay, five six seven Just hide under your desk Johnny Put your text books over your head duck and cover. Do you say duck and cover? That's what we did back then we duck and covered 560 p on 560 on the 18-T line. Don't forget for a good time that I joined George Happy our five to seven to treasure our little off the pulmetto just go through the 120-secondary there's a stuff I for prizes and drinks specials and have a great time Or is woke a Brian by the way the oughter be here and you come in today should be when all is he ball to the geek He'll be here because he's not a treasure us off as being interviewed Being frist being patded down for our weapons of individual destruction Here's for Lauderdale hello Hey, how are you doing? Okay? All right, how you do oh I didn't know I was on the on a year already how you doing? All right, I'm doing great. I hope you feel better. Yeah feel about This one I just want question on me to ask like I'm just Colin Powell was showing you the sights that might be potentially They supposed to have the chemicals or something Why don't they send the inspectors in there so he could be sure? Well, you know they say that every ten minutes in a minute that they the inspectors go in the front door and they Shut up to stuff out the back doors. What there's not not that damn quick I know there's no way in the world. Well not only that, but if they really believe that why aren't they given the information the inspectors in private and not having him go on a year and put it out for the entire world There here see the navigs sense. Yeah, yeah, I'll let the broadcast let me go. Look, let's let's face it We know that they got a bunch of crap because first of all we gave most of it in the first place So we know that they got still a bunch of crap and especially chemical and biological But we also know that they're not gonna say hey here it is and handed over to us So the decision we have to make is do they really represent an immediate threat to us and the answer to me is no Okay, um, do you think you think that they do? I think that they probably Got rid of it they might have Well, I'm not gonna talk it about who they have it. I'm talking about this side of who's saying and it the people of Iraq Do they represent an immediate threat against this country now? Oh no no no no no no Korea is Korea We should worry about fact more than non-sautomical but we're not No, no that's a big mistake right there Love you show and I hope you feel better. Okay, please there's one quick question. I like to hear One time it was there well, what was it the Greek talking English Like reading language type you got it. Oh, I agree. Thank you Of course, I say you got it and that's assuming that's in here, which I'm sure that it is there it is right there In fact, so we didn't have to wait and now language lab The show that teaches you a four language in less than 60 seconds today's lesson Greek lesson one Strawberry pie Strawberry pie Listen to apple pie Apple pie Listen three pumpkin pie pumpkin pie Customer what kind of pie do you have? Answer apple a pie stormberry and ponky language lab is a public service in the nutty copy it or a thysporease They're I think that guy a little from 25 after 11 at 560 WQ and the big noon to one hour coming up. We got the mad dog Jim manage you want to clock The hopper Hank will be here three haven't seen Hank at a long time in a kunzege You know Valentine's days day after tomorrow if you really want to support your wife or girlfriend Center a pajama gram. You'll get the softest and most luxurious pajamas are lingerie along with a free gift card and lavender batty The set of pajama gram shop online a pajama gram dot com or column at this toll free number 1800 give PJs You'll find lots of styles and fabrics like Egyptian cotton and pine silk We're designed by Naturi craft free and Evelyn Nick and Nora and lots more Everything from classic to fun and sexy. They have great bath and body products and spot gifts too Forget about the mall could be dangerous in the body, you know it A pajama gram takes only five minutes to order plus the packaging is amazing so you don't have to wrap it You'll be so impressed you won't believe it. We'll want to be pampered on Valentine's day So here's a gift you'll both love the the sister company of her monta diversino Contrast their quality and you'll get reliable delivery to be imaginative and original the seren set of pajama gram Valentine's day delivery is guaranteed visit pajamagram.com or call 1800 give PJ That's pajama gram dot com and be sure and tell them that nasty old Neil told you to call my Oh Interrogents takes about both of the sources in more days and tell your group that type of smoke Oh, and then circumcised you will fit in the gate you know fake a little I'm a cranky homophore Not that I mind it but I'm way too old I meant the size about fear than bad for him in a twist with feet learn my man friend I'll just make up with generous of babies and then ask him to rape my bun Oh, there's no over again. I kiss that So I would not feel for more full and I would not be ashamed About a ginger and more gay union just bold and then stroking away Jesus Christ boy Sounds like a nine year old kid Only a macho milky That makes me flip my week And Ginger was a lover of mine I bury my bull this baby no Insighted simply rearing Did it today? Rectom no I would not be a sport home No if I was not the closet of a Faze That's why a ginger and more gay union would make me feel Give me a Everybody follow my thousand balls. Yeah, I did just a bow You would make my floral bow All right if we had a ginger and bow Yeah, you They wouldn't have to keep me raped Did it number 3 1 at 5 60 WCU AM John Kerry undergoing prostate cancer surgery Everything came out very nicely. Okay. There you go. Now. I look that was incredible. Can you believe that? No, if I got a manager touch I haven't lost it man. I'm trash. Yeah, remember that one I was just gonna put him on for men to make sure everything came out okay and he said it all Came out in the end for something like that that was that was a miracle Let's go home couldn't do that again in a million years. I think that deserved the rest of the day off if he asked me That was phenomenal so I could go home and get my duct tape Yeah, when it when it how large those of us who have to work for living even though my hours are fairly limited here, but nevertheless We're gonna have to be in these long lines and then go over to pubics and get those big jugs of that nasty bottle through a water That leaches all the chemicals from the plants to get into the water take a case of that Like that you got there. I love what it says drinking water That's what these used with flushing water drinking water is opposed to like cesspool water septic tank water car washing water Auto gets some real water Man Thank God for self-alcoholic honey did we give him a plug by the way not enough from smart Well pasta and the hands will eat but that oh he brought George a whole bunch of which I can't he said And you want to see somebody lose weight in a hurry? Yeah, you just take a look at me now And I'm way too couple of months and I'm not joking. I said that many times before because this this was my last Scared gasped no, I'm serious good even doctor a bush the bush doctor He said look upon this is a good wake-up call and I said you have been lying here for three hours already How are you gonna wake me up? Really is a little pond was you laying there with that going on Never been there you never been in that situation You're well You're gonna be old and decrepit like me when you get to be at all far like this Look at bringing my own gown and you're laying there and you feel so helpless, you know, and that's what they want That's the whole idea of the medical professionals to make you feel helpless and humiliated with that gown Like that your mental side is really critical doctor mental centers till dead Anyway, thanks again to South California brought us in some great water the other day smart and final in really Is the adjoined that he works for now what was the alarm and a lot of that's in water Which I'm drinking right now? What am I looking over there? It's from the ancient Roman spring and it is really good craft man I don't know what that pasta was it was not Oggomaner Allikun gas. This is Cungass see well that's how you know like cool guys It's all right, you know it's plain. Did you like it? I'd like you if it's with your personality like me on the other hand Once again, we're out of the regular kind once and that's all that was in there He's like me the frisante. Yeah, please on brew on me. Casa 567560 welcome to our multi-lingual show here We're gonna have Gilbert on the guest tomorrow not touch the hoist here. Here's Miami. Hello Yes, sir. Oh, okay. Here's a guy that's Anyone you know, I thought you were under the bed maybe. Oh, yeah, we'll kind of man I've been trying to reach you for about four days. You're hiding a cave like Osama Well some of you mom are you listen let me let me tell you something man. You're my one yeah these These people are all talking about that that bullshit mission and listen that Well, wait a minute. You know I can't remember what I was gonna say Hey don't be making a face it and he's under a lot of pressure, okay? You sure God he's sealing up the house big time He's gonna go out and buy one. I'm a little disliked like we used to have in a kindergarten so you can hide under it Well if it worked back then it gets to nuclear bomb it's yours all out of work against a little radiation or something a little suitcase bomb When a bomb up Picania right you think well little one 567560 pound 560 on the I mean they got everybody so on edge now. It's just it's a one or the anybody if I We had to thank the fact we got any callers here today We can regulate the audience and have in the balls to release the extend your hand as far as the phone Here's David. Hello See still crazy. Oh he market down George still crazy Here's Miami Springs hello morning to you Yeah, yeah, that's my mom's home town Well, how do you like that? Yeah, yeah anyway anyway I'm a mess doing or a tune that's an and that's a All be damn yeah, but anyway yeah, but mom's home town and I mean that's a she's in gone two and a years now Oh, but she she never told me not this I mean when you talk you said about that that that's just to what blew my mind Well, maybe she didn't know about it Yeah, maybe not I mean well she was a 20 at a time and I don't know maybe you know Well she might have been called it now. I'm not sure if she might have been responsible for us And now we can feel safe I'm sorry. I'm sorry for you that she's gone, but there's always a silver lining in every dark cloud And I can find it Well, let me see this did she leave you any money? Well, there you go So that was in the national choir Which one oh, I mean oh the math to Matunia's it's in the February 18 the one with a big fat huge picture of rosy on a cover Yeah, I'm a yeah, he was 210 pounds. Yeah, I'm gonna go right out by that In fact, I mean, I'm gonna show that to my brothers and I sit your neck and blow their mind. Okay. Okay. You think they'll good luck here Now why do you always make a face and just talks too fancy? Oh, I mean guys yes you do I was making a money on a people who like you know the mystery of America's first bioterrorist attack it's on page eight by the way sir And everybody else pick it up at your public's while you're buying on your water and you're what you can't get your vizvis queen there You got to go to your hardware store to get your vizvis queen Home Depot has it That's what I just got you in hard work. It's a hard way or whatever it is you they know what I'm talking about Lensley lumber it may not be open now. I would one of these days. They'll be open it But they got some great specials just then they got some my package deals And happen 60 years ago during WWE W2 and it's still on solve the anaesthetic prowler is on the loose Well, it was on those in my tune Illinois How do you like that? Tough game for at least last night last emiton five four a very exciting game was three not that emiton and then they kept coming back Felt short Michael remember almost had it up late anybody care about that. Oh, I do Leafs have been sold new ownership now not sold actually, but Whatever nobody cares about these things here Just a vacuous place what do they care we keep asking that question day after day we can after week a year after year What do they care about we don't we don't know Even today look how hard it will I mean we got them going now, but it was it was a battle of course George was on yesterday Well, but George had a great show yesterday. Thanks to me Thanks to you live in a great topic like that. What was your favorite character for any movie? That was a damn good pull if you asked me I wish no, I was gonna save that for today and I'll give it a 12 pump like you That was a great I mean to pull today is like I don't know I felt compelled to do it right the one tomorrow The one a duck gave me for tomorrow and will be even better though Yeah, oh you were supposed to tell me to the break in you forgot oh the pull and he suggests is and I don't want I don't want a suggestion today keep it in mind, okay? What person would you rather die than have sex with? Oh Good, what what what person would you see he phrase the better night is I wrote it down Right, I write it down come on you silly old fart we only got a four hour show I'd rather hear it as yeah good wording, duh He said I'd rather drop dead than have sex with blank, okay? Let's save that for tomorrow. Don't be thrown in a way if people come in here and he smith can't all my stuff here Because that's what they show is about it's about Schmidt is that really the name of the movie about Schmidt? I love it Isn't that what life is becoming all about it's about Schmidt lately? Here's for Lauderdale hello Yes, sir Yeah, this is from Probably unrivaledable slaughter is but it does bush and by lacking officials in his administration Or to predict the pig and fix this queen Too many at a cheap phone, you know, maybe the present gets you good one 560 also anyway they took out bobgrams Very important put them on hold over that is very important point oh That's all excited because we're doing this pull tomorrow very important point George They took out John Kerry's prostate right They took out bobgrams hard Dick Gibhart yeah, what are they gonna take out on him anyway? Don't answer I just think about it think about it I'll find his book a brownwood and nice fedora that he's got look at all the chicken that is really sticking out this one What they were doing to him in there? I can only imagine look baby look at they hook him up and look to me like they stretch it a little bit and the next two look at that Sir, I'm strapping my hair Those more wafes Yeah, you did why What do you want to do slip out of the door? He looks like a pencil like geek now, don't you? Are you look bad? He looks great. No, he does not look great. He weighs about 85 pounds now soaking wet Look at that neck. That's what happens You get a bit of a bottle when you wait Looks like now. I think he's doing this to get it me now. He looks like a shorter not quite so old version of my father with a hat Oh Solb by design and he's dead. I did I just mention that in passing don't take it personal. He's dead Of course he didn't live till 90, but he was still a prick 19 till noon at five 60 WDQA and for years I've been telling about the health benefits of all your med and I keep telling because this stuff works I don't like that all you made soft gels contain pharmaceutical rate olive oil not ordinary olive oil But the best it super concentrated and loaded with health benefits all your med every day can up reduce the risk of heart disease and high cholesterol to Plus there are 14 different oleumide formulas to choose from each one combines pharmaceutical great olive oil with vitamins Minibles and herbal to support specific health needs from bones to blood pressure to the immune system Just choose the formulas that are right for you and now there are three new oleumide formulas Want to help you sleep on how you control your weight and Self what does that say? That's not right. Coq 10 Who wrote this and it's from? I'm so sad. I want to kill myself Coq 10 I should know because I take it every day and it's great for your heart Look how good I got a good squeeze my doctor told me yesterday and we will too you'll find oleumide all over time Pick some up today at public seconds while greens whole food markets the boroughs and sedan was or ignored around line at oleumideamerica.com You want to get more information about their products and what they can do for you or more you should be sticking them call 1 866 oleomide That's 1 866 65663 get your oleumide today and start feeding on healthier a game Bang in the butt honey. It will have more of the stupid dependence of the more how did they with joe That it's so wide from our friends at the memory loss at him Our friends at the memory loss at there What are you afraid of that fuck yeah Who I am how bad you make fun of me why I'll have you know I'm the You teach my loud All right, that you're a fight You're fired I'll show that old bastard I think a nice free drop T.D. and some very important Gladly hit him square You get back in a truck and do what I said Right now drive Shut up and keep trying Back in fourth and fun of the station See With you I do I'm changing the sign I got our 11 somehow Three mammograms Sure, then all the broads got to do it's locked in babies right up here in the winter and we perform a public service We are being flattened down Got it Who kids get out of here to say in a nice cream truck no more I go get your mother He's out of coma I forgot It's a label quick drive back to the station motion be walking out right about now Hey, all in spray your loser your family I'm here Hey, I just want to be I say now You're a bastard Get out of my parents Hey No Oh Lung 48 at 560 WCM here's a hostile fast from joy who was vaccine yesterday with the slightly changed handwriting Bush keeps winning his way in spite of all your bush factors. You never offer alternative's only skepticism Which is wrong while Bush is Doing something this spread democracy in the Middle East you want to appease and then encourages the herbs to cut the one democracy in the region is real Dabasized You following that Sounds like a bunch of stuff in nonsense exactly. I'll I can say that is 560 50560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Hey. Hey, you doing okay? I was gonna hide out and turn me up for until things cool off But maybe Costa Rica sounds better I know how you would time at least to cheap down there anyway Yeah, I don't know why you want to go to Michigan and Arbor has the biggest mosque in the country I don't forget about Detroit Dearborn. That's right. I'm not going here I don't know and I'm afraid that when we uncover some more things that fingerprints from the French and the Germans are gonna be all over everything I just don't think it's being pacifist. I think there's more to it The fingerprints of the French and the Germans. Yeah When they get done shredding all that chemical warfare information that's written in French and German Yeah, maybe the French and German will join us Okay, whatever you said if I want what he was saying I think he was in bed would joy that was a vaccine man. Okay, I think what they both said was They're fingerprints are all over it 560 50560 pound 560 on the AT see that's one good thing when he gave us something like this Everybody's got all these wild cockaming me ideas and everybody's an expert everybody's got some wild theory We just kind of like sit back and watch it and weep Here's hi, Alie. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi, I'm Alie. Okay. This poll of yours. Who'd you rather died in? Which one yeah, that's the most full five six seven five 60 pound five 60 on the AT and T and Verizon see I told you Thank goodness we got that new number one comedy, but sir. We don't have to take any calls in that out Because that didn't mean all well for tomorrow's poll. No tomorrow do tomorrow's pool. See that's way it works Today we do today's pool tomorrow will work on tomorrow's pool That's my philosophy each day try to work on a different pool grease it up and work. There you go when you grease it up Get up at Chris go like the guy said get out you're a vis queen Get out your duct tape Your bottle the water lots and lots of bottle water little sternal would be good and see I told you I know that I knew I would mention be for only before it is a reason for it Oh, got it if you got a sterno stove, huh? Right cuz you electric my co-op out if you're sturdow jelky you can just sniff the old sterno and snort it Hmm smells like crap That's just a little beef or only would be bad no more beef or only for you, Mr. Not after all these problems you're having all these fat attacks This place this place is a killer. I'm gonna of course have worn for George forcing all that food on me last five six weeks That's what it's all about Carlos isn't here to stick up for me because he was a witness he saw it All those meals that were forced down my throat practically force fed Not that the food wasn't good. We appreciate we arms very much and pizza loft and who else who else brought in food florist And the corkeys oh now that was a bad day That was a bad new one. No, I was such a bad day because we they cut us off guard Right they sent law and guilty food in the morning which we thought was the food that we had beg for and then they knew nothing about it They were happy to eat it though and So we ate a whole bunch of that and then they sent us our own food later on Man man yeah, I consumed so much food that day was like a miracle was unbelievable 560 50560 pound five 60 on a AT&T and Verizon on as we continue lining up the Kakamemi theories about all the evil Doers and evil things in the world today. Here's Miramar hello Hey, I'm going now okay Hey, well, let me just prep it Prefaces by saying that I'm not an expert, but I've been a military and I took up Kim Warp for a training and last time I checked you can only wait you can early stop it And if you have a like a filter for the kind of Chemical agent that sure up against it they really have no idea what you're what you're gonna get right it can be Andress could be anything but also I'd add a really watch the news the pertinent on your show about how they're saying should dark tape the windows and events But if you do that to prevent the the the agent from coming in You'd have your event air change because that's how I'm gonna come in right so we prevent air exchange How are you gonna get oxygen? Let's you got some kind of O2 generator or something now you're talking It's not gonna be any when you good so if you ask me it's kind of irresponsible on the part of Whoever you know put that out there for the guy who you know, but if it's ridiculous Yeah, I hear exactly what they said how you should do it, but everything I learned there's there's no way to stop it unless you know exactly Because like I said they have to train you for a specific agent right and there's no one filters Gonna stop everything. Hey man. Okay. Thanks a lot. No problem. That's his in oxygen tanks Let's get all about your oxygen tanks. What do you say? What would be good? Oh, scuba places you can get all kinds of it. See I mean he made an excellent plug about I wish you wouldn't have put that off there to public Because now they'll be lined up in the oxygen joints Yeah, I heard Michael Jackson sleeps in an oxygen tent. Let's go steal his oh, or let's just sit it on fire just for a little while It's just a joke Well, like I said for a little while a couple hours five six seven oh five sixty I wonder if that knows would would melt do you think? You know it would in the sun they did a thing on ABC's good morning America this morning about Michael Jackson's plastic surgery This in the middle of all these other things going on And they still can't get off of Michael Jackson. You know in the nose and then Joe Costello comes in and he and Carlos team up on us And to give us a big solid advance about he's not a pedophile and they feel sorry for him He didn't do this ain't ever still afraid train See I think Carlos can relate to him because you kind of like they're starting to look alike Real bizarre freaky Right in one case. It's natural though never seem together Joe Costello on the other hand. I don't know what Joe's story. I don't know I have no clue what his deal is Joe is Joe right and always will be what's your take on the latest been lawden tape 526 votes 162 say it changes nothing prove that Bush is playing it was hands 143 all the more reason to attack Iraq now 114 what me worry 66 it's not him. He's really dead 41 be saying that Want to take another quick one before we do the abrack sure because it's poor saying Lucy hello Yes, sir. Couple of cool things that I find important nobody's talking about 10% of population scale why aren't you any gay porn channels on satellite that's number one And if you can't find any viscwain is it possible to take refuge inside an old queen something to think about not this one Forman is still noon He better move to Europe I guess he once gave porn channels. Oh, yeah, they got porn channels over there up up the well anyway Up the satellite They got whatever you want okay all kinds of stuff because they're like light years ahead of us They're not outside about this stuff. They're not all goody too. She was they're not being repressed by a bunch of releases Fanatics are running around screaming at the world is ending sure like that I think we ought to be not letting Armageddon take us down this road. You know what I'm saying? I think we're getting laid down the garden path And we don't want to take this folk in a road at all 4 minutes till noon at 5.60 WQM hey guys if you spent the entire year last year avoiding looking in the mirrors if you're walking I'm wearing a stupid look in a hat because your bald spot is like chasing birds in the animals away Look at that book a brown went at silly fedora. Oh my god even Tessie would be embarrassed Get rid of that bald spot with my good buddy Charles Alfieri the natural airline system is his natural as great as it looks Unless it's your real hair and people will think it is because the natural hairline system is called that because it looks like it's grown right on your scalp As opposed to a barn your animal died on your head as opposed to big holes drilled in your head as opposed to those dangerous pills That don't do it in thinking except take money out of your wallet for over 25 years now Charlie's been working with the famous and the infamous it in between because even the yellow risk guys know that nobody can give My better looking hit a hair so if you want to get laid once in awhile If you want to look better and younger than you have in a long time call talk out here There's no obligation to give you a free consultation Sit your eyes down and show you just how much better he can make you look and be sure and mention my name It'll save you 200 bucks off the regular price here's the toll free number 1 800 321 2413 1 800 321 2413 Before the big bombs start dropping call Charles Alfieri and at least go out looking your best or check them out In the web if you like a Charles Alfieri dot com And what's up with the name and when I am in Miami I listen to your adventures The most controversial movie of our time Martin sports says he's the last temptation of Christ Recently became available for whole viewing on cassette religious groups Mith did the release of the film theoretically became outraged on the event of its own distribution and so for your spiritual Attication and for those who don't have these he are as a price of a movie ticket We are proud to present live Part one the radial version of Martin's for Sassies the last temptation of Christ One of our half-stereo I better not And say the controversy continue human tomorrow for part two Martin score sazes the second last temptation of Christ good day Until you explode Because like your fat fat children ladies after vikers he's on a plane Spending your fingers that have been hosting from Tito's and see your toes After Biggie who knows I'm proud to be fat disgusting and tasty You make the show with women smile They like the cows That it's nasty Things may only bad so we both have been by Your body cheese smells like a crap Appearant was occupied by head mass their need of human to get into your car I swear to God and why I can squeal I can squeal Fat ladies live in with your numberless me Slaver in and start in the tree between Third Ashmentino Smell fishy to me That's the opportunity to Spone Staincastey Hey you won't play this live better I'm singing this song and I'm feeling kind of sad I got my smile from home with my chicken for my dad I've got a body like a driving range man When it's cold outside use my nips to hang your head I can blow in your ear and give you a lap dance But you won't notice me to like get some implants I need a guy who ain't got issues like feeling up a chest and find in tissues I'm not going to be your piscate I've got a nice ass and I'm like a piscate But I can't get a man Because I got no titt I got no titt There's one drug brought Is something I can't afford When you lay on me you'll swear you're on a diving board When I turn the lab down I'm not going to be a piscate I'm not going to be a piscate I'm not going to be a piscate I'm not going to be a piscate When I turn the lab down I started to get fused Now I'm 24 And so waiting on my boots I'm not going to be a piscate I've got a nice ass and I'm like a piscate But I can't get a man Because I've got no titt I've got no titt I've got no titt I've got no titt I've got no titt I've got no titt I've got no titt I've got no titt No titt It's my reach of the whole I'm so proud when I got I'm so proud when I got It's me to be too rare I got that so don't put me down I must tell you what my car That's metallic's road And the truck has attempted the dog And you can see the road Through the road and the floor It's my little dog too I'm so proud when I got It's me to be too cruel One hate light So when it gets started I get fused by faith But something breaks down No, it's not how to fix Was stuck in failing wire Plus the trick It's my little dog too I'm so proud when I got So proud when I got I got fused by faith I got fused by faith I got fused by faith But the hand in the keys When I got fused by faith I did very enough to make you really sick There's one more thing I got no brakes I got no brakes It feels up with road through the rainy day When the tape ends the wind goes into the work of gay When I try to steal And I can't get it out of seconds You're a little loud, cool Oh, I'm so proud when I got I'm so proud when I got It's my little, cool I'm so proud when I got So proud when I got So proud when I got Just my little, loud, cool It's a little old lady from Ilya I'm so proud and I'm just like I'm just like I'm just like a mother It's a little old lady from IAil I'm so proud when I got fused and I am so proud Dude, I've helped myself Again, I am so proud when I got fused What is that? Master? God, they used to keep the whole I'm still standing up I'm still full By your looked, it's good Left guard, Layed from Ilya Call that she stole, she's a real bond, She's a terror of hell, and here we follow her bond. She's a little old lady from Ialy, yeah. Oh! It's a little old lady from Ialy, yeah. I'm a very slow, very slow, very slow. You could jump an act like she'd never seen you. I'm a slow, very slow, very slow. Don't try and grow your own new edge, and take it, because she only keeps sucking on a risk for a year. Stir! Now I can't think of no one who would make me meaner than that little old lady from Ialy, yeah. She called, and she stole, she's a real old bond. She's a terror of hell, and there we follow her bond. She's a little old lady from Ialy, yeah. She's a little old lady from Ialy, yeah. I'm a slow, very slow, very slow. It's a little old lady from Ialy, yeah. I'm a slow, very slow, very slow. It's a little old lady from Ialy, yeah. Have you ever been to Ialy? I give up. I don't know either. Mom and a weakness. Eight minutes past noon. Here's a good fast, though. It says, how would you handle the Middle East? It says, we have one foot within with this wheel, so now we have to put both in or both out. You seem to think we should do the hoochie, and you shake it all about. I think that's an excellent idea. You shake it. It says, do the hoochie, koochie, and shake it all about. I like that. I think it's a lot better than whatever's going to go on, including all that poison gas, and suitcase bombs, and other stuff that we don't want, but it's just a thought. Here's another thought. Valentine's Day is only two days away. And of course, what women really want for you is to have you put little thought and creativity into your gift. That's what they want, got it? This year, especially yourself in a fun and original way and say what they were Montetty-Ber, one eight hundred eight two nine beer, and a friendly beer, council will help you choose for over a hundred beers, handcrafted and Vermont, and delivered an ecultal gift box with a free card and chocolate day. Tell her she lights your fire with a new burn in love beer, dressed like a honky fireman, would love to have two on his arm. Or Sam Wild about you with a jumble love beer, they even got a beer for her hobby, rock your patient. Sending her for Montetty-Ber's creative and a personal alternative flowers, which dynamite her of ours, and unlike those flowers, this will be around a long time, after Valentine's Day. Sending her for a birthday office or a co-worker's can see, just how thoughtful it would romantic you're pretending to be. Over nine and Valentine's Day, deliver a guaranteed call toll free, one eight hundred eight two nine beer or shop online at Vermonttittybeard.com. This year's Saint would a Vermonttittybeer for Valentine's Day, and be sure to tell that old Neil told you to call one eight hundred eight two nine, B-E-A-R, and then do the Huchikuchi and shake it all about. The time is falling. The time is falling. This is going to be a five-second year. You weigh in. The time is falling. Noble free nation, on the field of battle, is open for doing nation, on the field of battle. Won't she know by fast, or cast its drape with glass, and then the television shed please go and feed you. I'll show you something that you won't be seeing on the news. We're burning, we're burning, we're burning, we're burning our troops. We're burning, we're burning, we're burning our troops. We're burning, we're burning, we're burning. It has the breeze on, for keeping us in the dark. Oh, no, but I've got the breeze on, we've got that's interesting, huh? No, we don't see the bright, and you have nothing to hide. So just relax, let's work on that as it was the old school too. Why do you concern long as you know when they are the people? We're burning, we're burning, we're burning our troops. We're burning, we're burning, we're burning our troops. Oh, no, but I've got the breeze on, for keeping us in the dark. Oh, no, but I've got the breeze on, for keeping us in the dark. Why do people think I'm getting one, two, three, four, six, such things? Assuming I like being a living, why do they think I'm getting one? They don't learn, but no one knows. If I really get the hold, why do they think I'm getting one? I'm a stubbornly handsome guy, I'm drunk most afternoons. It's not of your business why? I like your tunes all the rumors make me sick. People think I drive a stint, why do they think I'm getting one? I'm a stubbornly handsome guy, I'm drunk most afternoons. If I really get the hold, why do they think I'm getting one? They don't learn, but no one knows. They don't learn, but no one knows. I hate one bit family, I'm a man like me. Last thought checkin' in a sin could be, but lots of fans help me, why? What's that'll be, why? Why do they think I'm getting one? Why do they think I'm getting one? I thought you're gay, Mr. Power. Thank you, and good morning. I'm here to address the United Nations with in Contrary to Beloved in Subcedure of the United Nations, the most famous of the American of the United Nations, the most famous of the American of the American. Now ladies and gentlemen, if you'll just watch the screen in front of you, you will see our renderings of Saddam's arsenal. Now this is more than just a car too, because we feel Barley Coyote is an elegance to Saddam. As you can see, he hides quite an arsenal of weaponry in his cave. Now this scene here proves beyond any shadow about Saddam as indeed hiding his weapon. You'll observe the coyote holding his ear and dissipation of destroying his infidelity. Only to discover his own nuclear warhead pointing out his butt. Now here in the attempt to escape invading forces, he paints a picture on a rock, nor punish him in, thinking of course he can run through the picture he paints. I hear by submit this as conclusive proof and the forwardier support. Thank you. Every one in office did the same as me. The only difference was they were a little more discreet. You elected me or president, not your slaves. No matter who you put here, you'll always be the slaves. Remossing to the Bush, they all had some kind of power. The first thing they did was to make sure that the warhead was not a good man. No matter who you put here, you'll always be the slaves. Remossing to the Bush, they all had something on the side, but the press of it was best to keep it quiet at the time. And helping back that and it's never gone to stop. Every president has done the presidential bath. When FDR was given us a present new tale, Hell and Nor was given chits a reason to spoil. As a powerhead, it back and were a war too. No misdrawered that he locked her in the school's shoes. And still I can interpret her as that smoke coming in. And don't get me started all the candidates. And happen back then, and it's never gone to stop. But the ever president has done the presidential bath. I guess you could say I've been the final lead. Compared to what went on with the candidates. The girls I had all of bad and make you a win. Unless the cause of don't have FDR offered for mopped up. It wasn't a coincidence, just bad luck. That whoever is the main love of vacuum that sucks. And it's never gone to stop. Ever president has done the presidential bath. When you're the president, you have to ask yourself, Why not? The president's bath can start making a script and all the hope it's not. The president has done the presidential bath. Welcome back to the glittering pageantry of the Mohawk and a name of the show. We have a full duck at today. Include the cavalcade of articulate athlete of yours. You don't have tight smoke, it's still at it. You're singing the songs, making fun of me. They make fun of me all the time, I don't know. Why they don't adore me. Everything will be alright, bro. It's a hint of me, a fairy. You queer, yet told jumper, real men don't touch only during the game. Yes, master. They want singing. I'll give them singing. Get on a piano. Okay, ma'am. Get it. Back in my day, men were straight. The end day is real today. That's why I care the dollar raved. She's got slipgays. Spawn holes were in day back day. I'll take it from here. The guys that like the worship men. The thing we want to see will is the way they've got them again. Didn't mean to suit the rest day. I'm not sure if you can see the rest day. I'm not sure if you can see the rest day. I'm not sure if you can see the rest day. Didn't mean to suit the rest day. Did it? Or did it go every day? Jesus Christ, I really hate it. Jesus God's win-guys. Thank you for calling us this T-Toy, and I'm an opion. I just picked up my 92 core from your life. And that is on two turns in the back seat. Are you sure? Yes. There's one last seat? A turn. A big ass human turn in the back seat of my call. I assure you, our guys do not take it down in your car. If you want to bring that car back, we'll take a look at it. You want to take a look at it. My car is fine. It's a big ass turn in the back seat. Okay, how about I go to your house and pick a local, your cow up on it? Man, what would you like me to do to fix the situation? I want somebody to come over here. Get this turn out my back seat. That's not going to happen. You can bring the car here and we can take a look at it. I have a bring it back there. You know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna take a dump in every last car you got there. I'm gonna peel your cow up and do it all. Okay. I don't know what you feel like a big girl in man. It probably came out your way. Yeah, I don't make it to happen to go in. I'm figuring dump in the car. About 400 pounds. That's my turn. That came from 400 pounds. This is a 400 pound man. He's a little gorilla. I'm driving his car right to my lawyers office. I'm gonna let the whole world see you're gonna be on the news this evening, buddy. I'm gonna get seven on my side. What? You want to be on the news? Can you describe this? I mean, what's the look like? You know what it is? It came out your ass. What the hell you can work on? It's me with colors. I say what it smells undone. That's what it smells like. It smells like you sold your ass to the devil. How many of them have you picked the ham? Well, how many is it? How long is this? It's not as long as my arm. I don't think it's like why y'all this is not put. I got a damn two-off war in my best feet. You know, I think this is a racial stick too. That's what they are. A little kid is a run-in-a-way from it. How much all fine is money? I don't think so, okay. I want to do it. You're planning. I'm gonna see her wheel too, don't you? All right, all right. How long does it look like it's been sitting there? Steve is coming off of it, okay? Steve, Steve is coming off of it, okay? Yes. He's in. He's in. He's in. How long now? I am taking this as a fresh turn. Okay, what you need to do? You need to bring that shirt back. And we'll match it up. We have a lineup. We'll match it up with the other turrets that we have. Well, what you need to do is learn how to use a pull. We see, and I can bring the turrets back to me? No, you know what? Is this a sample? No, I'm starting to like it. I'm gonna keep it in the back. Well, keep it. Because it's a nice, you know what? It's a nice conversation piece. Okay, cool. Thank you so much. You're so welcome and ever agreed to. 500 76 votes on a pull. What's your take on the latest been lawed in tape? It changes nothing 183 proves that Bush's playing in his hands 156. All of them are raising the attacker rack now. 124. What me worry 67 and it's not him. He's really dead. 46. 26 pass no. We got the mad dog who's still alive. He'll be along at one a hundred three. We got the hockey stuff tonight. Rangers. Alexie Covalov any interest. No, the game at the macaroon. If you're not getting good night's sleep. Probably one of the culprits is a bad mattress. If your mattress is lumpy. If it's bumpy. If it's a piece of turf. If you're in that expression. Here's the answer for you. Call our good friends at dialometres. 1 800 mA T T R E S. They got the best mattresses in the world and then all around unbeatable deal. Sealy, sir, the 7th King Quarley resizes every style. Exactly the one you want is in stock. Ready for just about immediate delivery. And you got 30 days to try it out too to see if it's right for you and your back. And they deliver whatever it's convenient for you when he's seven day. I any day, seven days of the week and you picked it to our window. So call 1 800 mattress right now. You'll be sleeping like a baby as soon as tonight. They are unbeatable. Every day low prices too. 1 800 mA T T R E S. We're dialometres. The answer for a perfect night's sleep for years to come or check them out of the web. If you like at mattress.com Ride and local. We're sports radio 560 2 a.m. Command it. I f**k them out. Up there! Auto 3 We're raising hands to change power from strangers. Advance 730 1 investigations said slightly, demonstrations. Exure in the distance. borough sush. Driving your SUV, I'm going to drive off this to get you all the guys to be. You're a child man, what are you doing in the last? I'm just a few, so a few people have to die. I'm just a few, so a few people have to die. It's silent that I'm f***ing left, right? 1991's Oscar winner, Silence of the Lambs, was about a man who went to the Wept Pickle Stasis off and ate their livers and brains. Clearly, it was that year's prestige picture. It was May gave role in the idea of looking up with Anthony Hopkins, you know, Annabelle Decanible? Fine Young Cannabis Financial Strap Manager Slapy Gold was the inspiration behind a series of spoken word recordings featuring Hannibal Lecter interpreting the works of fine young Cannabis Stop. The way I feel, things you do don't seem real. He drives me crazy. Oh, like no one else. She drives me crazy. Or you admit, I made an error in judgment. We paid so Anthony 15 million quid and we sold and it's a year. Known copies. Rumor has it that the rest of the band was so despondent, they ate each other. Of course, they didn't make very good food. They're British. It's a big juicy shopping wedlock of show business tonight, uninside a buy. Home home in Tall Destin Afflectorber Booyle, to eyewitness news. It's covered no more teenagers and the two live crew will have more distales coming up at 5.30 people them from the stores because they so dirty. Oh they're so dirty. Oh they're so dirty. Oh they're so dirty. They curse all the time. Oh they're so dirty. So dirty. Oh they're so dirty. They curse all the time. Bob had heard the album and he was a fall. He sent. Thank you, Janet Reno. I'm glad that you're called. We got to take us. Stand. I guess this 13. Rhyme. Besides it's really close to election time. His Broward Judge, friends, said I will not fail you. We'll send for any mention of Janet. Tell you. They're selling since the kids go and through. You're dirty. The two live crew. Yeah they're so dirty. Oh they're so dirty. Oh they're so dirty. Oh they're so dirty. They curse all the time. Oh they're so dirty. So they're so dirty. Oh they're so dirty. They curse all the time. He could crap a bunch. So he had guts. The most of the people said this guy is a plus. He rid the land of that noise pollution. Even though it went against the constitution and what did Luke do during all of this job? So 10,000 more copies. It's 1295. People on a brand who were say these. It's really hurt to be violent. It's to the bank. Because he's so dirty. Oh they're so dirty. Oh they're so dirty. Oh they're so dirty. Oh they're so dirty. They curse all the time. Oh they're so dirty. So shun. And what did Luke do during all of this job? So 10,000 more copies. It's 1295. People on a brand who were say these. It's really hurt to be violent. It's to the bank. Because he's so dirty. Oh they're so dirty. Oh they're so dirty. Oh they're so dirty. This is the Neal Roger's shell. This is your blame. All right. Any questions? We'll already took off. We'll choose today. Watch and ring. I go chain. Tomorrow's surprise. Going through it's free. I heard sir. Would you walk this way? What the hell's that over? We spread your legs wide. We must check every place before you get to your pain. Keep your arms wide over. Keep your arms wide over. I don't know. If I'm ready, all this new security, I'll be. I'll go. While they stand my sides. I stand in awe. There goes my flight. Keep your arms wide over. Please spread out your legs wide. You're supposed to come play. You're just missed your brain. Keep your arms wide over. And keep your legs wide wide. We'll come to this very safe. Come let JF. Hey, not keep your arms wide over. And keep your arms wide over. The miracle of modern medical science enables us to take you inside the sport-hole mind. Listen closely and you will hear the process of thought inside the mind of a sport-hole. Hmm. At 5.60WQAM, we actually cater to these individuals by force-feeding them sports 20 hours in day. And why not? Nothing else is going on. Far beyond retarded in life, it is our deepest hope that he can afford a BMW. Cool, cool, cool. Let's touch him and see what he does. Cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool. Super-ach, cool. Big fun. Big fun. I just get bigger. Every single week. One day what she's taken because she finds it time to speak for the number. All awkward and clunky. All are done. Be free thinking chunky. For a new infectious, be love with her, exist ashes. And has got a backache from her giant rack. Her little doggy sugar pie has taken the drugs act for a month. He's all dedicated. Shunky months. Keep themselves updated. For an instant Texas, be love with her, exist ashes. I've got something that I've got to confess. He took his pillow and he jumped on my bed. He took four, four, four, four. He had a new attitude. I've been all I just have been got my wrong choice. I felt it booming in my own approach. Four, four, four, four. He had a new attitude. I don't know what was worth about him. He's planning to ask for his big double chin. I'm telling you, woo woo woo woo woo woo. He had a new attitude. Coming this fall the fox into reality show pretty much a lot like the other ones. With you know, single guys and girls on it. Get together. Five ladies. Looking for a husband. And we tried it in every degenerate trailer trash. Lusher we can find in a one block radius. It's Bachelor Arts in Arkansas. I like the girls. Special LL one there with a teeth. I shower no flash month for this. Bring on the tang. The ladies are loving it. Meats in the. The 29 year old real estate broker from Southern California. You have to give me out of here. These guys are driving me crazy. They smell like they actually eat poop. Bachelor Arts in Arkansas. I think a love Marbra for soul mates. She's my sister. Do it a mature theme. Pregnled this question is advised. Some scenes may be disturbing for younger viewers. I was kind of pretty good date with Reefess. The real tall guy with the one tooth in the beer belly. And the spent my monkey tanked up. When all of a sudden she just died. Bachelor Arts in Arkansas. This fall on fall. All right. Pender one at five sixty. WCM the mad dog at one. Hey, our friends. The town limit in Joe Prieto are up to their eyebrows. They're buried because the factory has sent a lot of so many vehicles. They don't know what to stick them. They like to stick what in your driveway. How about us blowing out all the new vehicles. Regardless of profit including the Pontiac 5 starting only 13,998. And up to five grand off every GMC on boy and stock. Plus get you zero percent fine. And sing up to a $3,000 rebate. And of course, as always, how it's got a great selection of dependable for your own car's-tarksness UVs. Credit problem anybody else turned you down for credit. Have no fear because hell is here. Right now it's the winter blizzard emergency clearance. They'll go one out of the hell of Pontiac GMC. 134.1 South, 60 Highway. That's US one across from the falls open every day. Seven days a week. As always mention even more when you mentioned my name. That's they mentioned even more. And yes, even more. What what it hell it is. Call them right now that any of our judges need a deal. Hotline toll free. One Triple 8 534 42 11. That's one Triple 8 534 42 11. Tell them that incoherent deal toward a call. Halipadiak GMC who be professional grade. 9. My. And local. This is 4205 60. 2212 AM. New. My queen. God. This is. Is grandma? Grandpa is just getting way too old. Is there constant nagging for attention getting to be a major in community? I don't want to wipe me over here. If you answered yes to any of these questions, Netherlands.com's health and hospitality division has the answer. Netherlands, Youth and Asia services. Over the centuries millions of people have discovered death to be the preferred alternative. To life, our staff is put together crack medical professionals in Holland where youth and Asia is legal who will ensure your comfort as they use the nice youth or your loved one. You will be flown first class to Amsterdam where you will be treated to the most lavish going away party ever imagined. At one of Amsterdam's luxurious 4 star hotels, two full days and nights of food, drink and marry them, followed by professional and comfortable youth and Asia. After which, your remains will be sent back to your loved ones or taken care of locally with Netherlands highest-quality body disposal available. So if you're suffering from an incurable disease or you may just be playing board with living, long on to Netherlands, Youth and Asia services and get the party started. All my TV, my friends and friends, I'm going to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the Because of that we werephinx single can be the first to have the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first and he can be the first to be the first to be the second to be the second You're smart, since I'm not. So am I in justice now? I guess I should have known what to expect. Did they invite you? I'm long on a CD yesterday. I know. That is why that work. If it's wrong, don't you? If it's wrong, don't you? I'll tell you the whole thing. If I didn't eat that crowd, I swallowed. Why did you make me so juggasas? Why can't you lose us get it right? My bad old look walked inside my hiding. Can't make my church go out. Get that, get that. Oi! Get that, get that, get that. If you can't apply to some of all my back. If a market's our a drama, Mama Rag. If the terrorist, their pristine act is in his opinion. If the war is too risky, Mama Rag. If we have no allies with us, Mama Rag. If we think that someone's just a drama rag. All right. So to help with the inspection, let's look up for the election. Close your mind, contain the rations, Mama Rag. Follow the line and follow the orders, Mama Rag. For our right, it seems our borders, Mama Rag. This agree will call the trees and let's make more of the season. Even if we have no reason, Mama Rag. Yeah, that's kind of catch you. Wanna sing that all day? Anyway, the poll, 60029 votes. What's your take on the latest bit, Lawton tape? It changes nothing to 01. Proved that Bush's flag right into his hands 172. All the more reason to attack your back right now, stick it to a 134. What me worry 74? It's not him. He's really dead. 48. That's it. 60029 vote. First round of 95 to seven. Pokerbron's gonna be there. Would that silly hat? You know something that's worth a price of a mission right there. To see what it now, which is going to be more exciting. They silly hat or the chicken that. Bye bye bye.