Let's talk to God now a ship you shared mother to interviewing cheerleaders Jesus I heard it was the worst interview in history of broadcast Oh, it was the funniest All I know is that but nobody will point that off because everybody just sucks an incident All I told him I said dude because you are so funny yesterday, so what do you do bounce and such dance? What do you do? Oh my god. I was on the 95. I swear three lanes. I started speaking the ranch more on jackass You didn't go these you give me a season ticket stuff for the K. He's been the sports rider today for the heroine or if he's like the radio TV the entertainment rider or if he's like the religion rider I mean, it's pathetic. I do it all now. Yeah, that's what I heard that's what George told me He said that he was actually in the room. Kevin does Kevin does have a wife, but George is kind of just absolutely positive He's a faggot. Yeah Kevin Kevin has a wife, but it turns out that he was he was in the room with Ramon R. T's our Castro the internet up in Pittsburgh. He knows everything I was laying on his Castro is what I heard it was unbelievable so you're forgetting many saying again Alberto Clemente I like putting it seriously right here on Pittsburgh even though it is a horse All I love the pirates listen there might be a lot of pirates, but I think the closest player to Roberto Clemente That I can see in this day and age is gym admins. He's the best player in baseball He don't look like every single man. He doesn't but he doesn't shave So at least he looks a little bit like a baseball player Probably one of the ugliest guys that are played a game John Summer the law I'm once a week I'm feeling same and better in ZT snow on the angels when they had that big year and then they took it the end of the season Sam can never stay how can a baby You have me when I went on my time. I want to say it again For all told me before to show this morning I asked him about those the last three marlin games And I know you got rain and there you know there's pigeons flying over to his original excuse 10,000 people yeah 12,000 then you had 11,000 and last night or I reported 10,000 It was really about 6,000 thousand people there and this is for Don Trell last night and you know He'd lost but he pitched a good game, but that's a more kind of a horse for hunting For those these in no one cares. Oh great well that's a ghost use You know rain a little while in high all you 20 more than 20,000 a game I'm very not great but the average in 23 yeah, and then they got the Roy Hound egg About 30 minutes and you know I'm having a day game tomorrow I'm having a day game tomorrow at the marlin I'm going out there in 100 degree heat. I'm gonna wear two jerks and I'm gonna wear a ski cap I'm gonna have a view one more I love the marlins because tomorrow you got a 135 game which means we're done at one next Thursday We got a water clock game with a mess which means 1235 were done What do you think? Fatter Paul D or the beast I would say Alex for an end is oh Oh You ever think he done my ass that's bigger than some apartment buildings You know who was the big who was the big fan asked that pitched for the Tigers in 67 Mickey low is very good He was a good That City No, it was Who's got the boy also? They pitched you the one thing guys which guy was that who said for an end a Sip for name Oh He was the guy who was the guy who was the guy who started he now weighs seven tons And I'll tell you who else has got probably the biggest dance on a marlin's It's gonna be pudge. He's got an ask bigger than this stadium I think pudge looks a little bit like a public strike They have to drop him in with a crane through the roof in the stadium There's no crane my box can't hit I don't have a roof, but that's beside the point Have a great day A roof stadium right? I love a tractable roof And we're trying to win it Okay different you still have 78,000 people and if the team ever got bad again forget about No Boris behavior and beer sales remember that I got the best story to start my show today I want everybody to be on the edge of their seat I just read you the headline, okay? Christian radio employee charged with child pornography Sweet. This is the greatest story in history of our lives Wow, we're gonna have a contest on the air for your poll Who's got a better Daniel Boone? Mo or Tim Brandt Oh my god I think she's fine with she could be one of the ugliest bitches I think she's got How it's just how he gets to work him how would you have to be with him that she's sexy He wanted to do her she has an organ in her pants. Yeah, he thinks parents is sexy She is so I think he's farted and it's smell so bad in here I got to go man Kevin we got to get out of here Kevin I'll see you in a religion page next week See you in a religion page as we remember the Christians they like to get a morning too If there's a fuck I smell it I'm infectious We're talking today about why man cheat I've just done it because it felt good at the time I didn't think about and I didn't concern myself with my wife She just got boring so I got to run in a round and I'm above reproach on that all right If you want to chase women go do it So what about Alan and Aaron here? Okay, she's pregnant. Do you want this marriage to work? What about anything? Are you willing to Allow him to cheat? Yeah everything all right do you believe if that you can look You're fianceing the eye and say I want that instead of you and go do it definitely and you get it You get women. Yeah, yes do it front of her more without an air in in just a moment Take the pill Swill 10-07 at 5-60 WCM happy Wednesday too. We got humped day, so it's our big one or two are right? All right on Wednesday that ain't going nowhere They'll mold but see I want to apologize for a premature evaluation Because yesterday I said well, you know, it just might attempt to be enthusiastic probably because I'm not there But if I were there I'd realize it's still a ghost town Duff tells me this morning there's no traffic. There's nobody there. I look on our website and it's like about half the usual because there's nobody there Not yet well how's that possible? I thought Labor Day was the demarcation point but I guess that's only for people with pain in the Ascids in school and I have to come back and get their kids ready and sit them off to school But if you don't have no kids, we'll see ever to age downers about 90 who the hell has kids? So there's nobody there Which is gonna be a shame when at big hurricane hits No, seriously if you had to place packed in it becomes a lot more exciting than Brian can really hop up and down we'd go nuts like those cheerleaders do I wish I would hurt that interview we will Oh, we're gonna have that we will oh great Can't wait for the more Howard David embarrassing interview one of the way he's such an asshole, you know, he's just a at least he's consistent He may not be good with his consistent. What are you just like they got there? Oh, I see Scott's answering that because you know who it is It says Cooper city, but it's not Cooper city. I need all you doing Okay, got a quick you down spiral like in a barrel somewhere. Yeah, I'm not getting on the phone would be good Okay, that wasn't even the guy but the guys like No, it wasn't him some other plate. It was some other guy, but he's like a minion miles away from the phone Even though that he's captured in the time car. Maybe he's down there and to pit with the Sheridan on passions by the way Sheridan still crawling around on the stairs I'm gonna do the break first because I want this story deserves our full attention Short it's the first story on our website. I swore fight away Eric that Eric and We hope your back heals up real soon like sometimes this year would be good What do you see he was moving it? He was moving her bowl around on the table right? He was moving his he was rearranging his dinner Where and his back day about before he crank horse meal and his back just went it down. It just popped right out So we hope you're feeling better. But he's been fabulous to with all this stuff Which goes to show you that little illegal alien you were trying to pawn off on us. We need to hit him like we needed him or it's You know I had the facts I had a facts all those damn stories Then I would finish facts in the damn things and then he'd be out in the puffin on the damn Faggot and a parking lot and hiding out in the goddamn who knows what he was doing We have a pretty good idea But who the whole needed to go through all of that see he had this buffalo to get him at that for quite a while Oh, look at this and I put now these neat little pictures on it most of which What amount of being him after a while you know is that yeah, they turned into the beanie boy website So Eric is doing a fabulous job in the first story on a website this morning is the one that I'm gonna read momentarily short and sweet I may read it there the hour which I've never done before. Well, I think once Because it goes to show you what a much a hypocrites these religious assholes are not most of them all of them at full of cram Religion is the poison of the universe It's even worse than those gigantic floating turds that I have to keep flushing the bull. And by the way Thank you very much for that total Entertainment I'm worth Kansas anymore. We're still looking for a total and we don't want to be in Kansas no mode. That's what Judy said before she started drinking Anyway, don't you gonna read I think I don't think lies a melee with Judy girl in his daughter. I think it's the same person. It's reincarnation same person same neurotic and married 45 times and just Oh You know a span real span But you know without lies of an alley the facts really be desperate It's 11 past 10 at five 60 w qm. It's a great Wednesday for the Irish we got George Rodriguez doing the show today according to the schedule Well, that clearance he's under such tremendous pressure Right from the beast. Well, how do you like to have a 600 pound colleague on you every night? We got the mad dog at two we got Hank in the studio. All right. Oh, that's here for the Humper We believe he's all the smigmen at Moes left behind and all the dingo berries. He leaves on the seat To probably rush right out of her Hank from 4 to 6 30 another tough two and a half hour assignment Marlon's on deck 6 3 to 705 pirates at the Marlon's let's do a little bit better than 10,000 and I you jackasses God, that's pathetic. 705 big game their time with a Feliz again for a while guard Any K after the baseball and Joe and Mark overnight as they lead into a hopeless case Underpaid overworked under appreciated how do you like to have a new high-paying career before years in Well, call our good buddies at fast train right now. This is no BS. They can change your life for real forever Call 1 866 fast train fast drink and I be trained in certified before the end of this year the demand for computer professionals Continues to grow there's no better time than this moment. Don't put it off no mole to obtain a new high-paying career Fast train offers you a whole bunch of things like job placement assistance convenient daily weekend schedules And because they have six Florida locations to in Tampa There's gotta be a fast train near you Fast train offers financial assistance to people to qualify too, so if you're sick and tired of working for beans for nothing If you'd like to have a wheel career and like a big fat paycheck call fast train and like I said really change your life forever 1 866 fast train That's 1 866 fast train. Now you have no excuse to stay in a bad crappy dead end job One more week check them out of the web at fast train.com and then make that call 1 866 fast Train I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers I'm the makers of queer eye for the street guy. It's queer eye for the honest guy Where'd you get this my wife made it for me our job is to make you more sophisticated We love you. We like you My name is no I love this. This is very real Florence ring 03 everything's better in cash I'm going to get beat up by my friends. Oh my gosh, and trust this is phenomenal even my cow got five me See how much more handsome you look already that looks gorgeous He's freaking out. We arrived for the honest guy. You look like I'm looking star I want to die 16 at five 60 W come by the way Paul Hill wants to die and you don't want Yeah, he's gonna get his wish tonight Excellent and he's looking forward to it his soul is gonna go to be your right place. He's got a reward coming Oh, now you know who that is online 6 don't you W Q a am I am you hello Neil I want you, but I don't think you got the pot on on the phone or something or something Screwed up on this guy, huh? Neil I can hear this guy. Neil. I can you like way in the back there's something that not working there, man Neil I think we have a problem Neil I there you go Yeah, oh Yeah, what's wrong? Everybody works one hour. What is it working the light the light I see the light remember Todd Rungman See I want to get to that story, but I'd like to get these people on you, but I can't hear them Neil don't tell me we have another active technical incompetence on that in because it's not here I see the arrow. I got it on I see the thing Don't learn I beg your pardon Neil. I don't hear anything now There is something yes, sir go ahead Neil you hear me now now I hear you see it was on your end. What did you do Scott? Yeah, I think so Scott doesn't respond anything I ask him so he's just he'll be out this week go ahead Hey, yeah, Neil what's wallet this radio station everybody works an hour Yeah, I mean I mean nothing anybody worked more than you talking about we're on four hours every day If simply me man, I mean Hank said works an hour now man if working hour You know for Elmerton, I know we listen to that that he said overnight show No, no, well, yeah, it sounds like jealousy to me. How'd you like to make this kind of money working like an hour to huh? I love it. I do too. My dog game would be great There you go. Well, no, I see most as I'll see on the links including the one I said this afternoon. Yes, you know is more Howard gonna let man it's talk this year. I mean I mean and everybody knows more Howard day with the jet fan I mean let us just guide doing down here He got he got changed that a very if I was placed so he's been so we had to go somewhere There be no if now he's kissing for else, but now I mean as I think it's not gonna work because he's Disply flailing around searching for an ally and everybody hates him so not gonna work Next guy just he just a loser Well, thanks for the bulletin. Okay. There's a bulletin Mosul loser With crappy ratings in a bad hairpiece and everybody's laughing at him including that horrible interview. Oh, that's you know something this stuff is just pouring in here today. This is amazing Wow, okay. Let me give the pull yourself from yesterday Then I'll read that story for the first time, but it will be repeated over look at us Huge of abuse. He's another Reverend more sex abuse against upstate evangelist South Carolina, right? It's just there's spew and all of it a place man All isolated Yeah, all isolated incidents all 65,000 Poor yesterday. What's the biggest problem with South Florida? A lot of votes 1341 votes will start from the bottom Too many rednecks only 16 absolutely nothing. It's paradise 34 deaths two and a half percent 34 votes on a 1341 not too thrilling too many old Jews 37 too many black people 37 Well, these we don't have too many black Jews too many old people 58 Drivers 63 that moved up nicely. It's a toilet not even a total 89 too many illegal aliens is tied with crooked politicians 100 a piece in fact most of the politicians are probably illegal aliens like your mayor The brutal summer heat humidity and rain Did very well 105 by the way watch out for that hurricane boy But are they is Brian hyperventilating oh yeah, is it moved at all are you tracking at them? No, no Oh, too many New Yorkers 110 two crowded 112 Ruedness 146 and winning hands down your pantalones Too many Cubans 338 Too many cube ever cheated some Cubans voter for that sure No, I Maybe Miguel voter for that you think something oh So we wound up with 500 bucks yesterday for a band in Pet Rescue right? He's gonna give you a total for over the weekend too He's gonna give me a total. Oh, good. I could use one at the house. I hate those floaters Here's the story are you ready? Are you ready? Are you ready? A lot. Did you find anybody want to thank Larry who's one of our listeners? Because this story is from last Thursday, August 28th in the sun here old which is must be a Mississippi paper, right? Okay Well, no because every time I did a search for to find where the story came from I mean I know it came from this paper, but I just came with it was only there the AP even got it from them Here's a story that certainly deserved a lot more coverage and we're covering it here Christian radio employee charged with child pornography All right Tupolo Mississippi Elvis is rolling over in his grave Of course I was slept with mommy till he was 25 in the same bed A 47 year old Tupolo man was being held in a half a million dollars bond Thursday after his arrest of a position of child pornography Tupolo police detective Tim Tate said Curried Wayne Stevens was arrested last Wednesday. We could go today. What a story sure took a long time Thanks again, Larry After a raid on Stevens home in Tupolo by police and FBI agents because the investigation is ongoing Tate declined to comment on what initiated the search warrant or what materials were seized from Stevens home Tate did confirm That authorities found pornographic digital pictures of children now here comes the best part. Stractor cells in boys and girls Stevens and employee of the Tupolo based American family association Faces up to 20 years in prison of convicted. Let me read that sentence again Stevens and employee of the Tupolo based American family association phases of two-twent years in prison convicted for the past three years Stevens has worked on a production staff or American family radio which operates more than 140 radio stations in 29 states Patrick Vaughn general counsel for the afa So the FBI notify the association of Stevens arrest last Wednesday but no actions been taken regarding Stevens employment with the afa We are praying for joint and his family von said adding the incident as they remind of the destructive nature of pornography Where there's nothing wrong with this guy. It's porno that done it right well guess what I like porno a lot afa has been in a fight against pornography since 1979 because pornography is so destructive to individual family and societies He said this being this asshole Patrick Vaughn from the afa. We like to remind everybody they need to be on guard against pornography's addictive lure What's the key to in their in addictive By the way, I found a great new website. Yeah, as I was searching for this internet infidels newswire Okay, in that great right up our alley Sally Not want to check that out boys and girls the internet infidels newswire. We need to have a link to that You think Eric I don't want to put too much pressure because his back is illin But in that good idea Stevens and employee of the tuple based American family association faces up to 20 years in prison I've convicted they confirm that a thore's on pornographic digital pictures of children in his home I just read that sentence over and over and over again because like I've been trying to tell you I mean, you know the people with a brain they know that what I'm talking about is right they don't need me to tell them Just a gentle reminder But the assholes out there that continue. Oh, well these are just isolated incidents No, these are good religious men and they're above. Yeah, just like just like the guy that's gonna get off tonight Right up a Paul Hill Pump up up a Paul Hill It'll be a thrill when they fry Paul Hill all in there. I could have framed They're gonna do the old needle right? I yeah, I guess that's what they do to I mean, so he's gonna be put to at least a die by injection is what it says in a story Got a lot of stories a lot of stuff including human eggs house a band in time for protested Laming it allow Latin lemme Grammy the lemme Grammys Well, it's a lot of times some of those bastards cut the crap already. Okay. We're getting really tired of it That's why that pull we had yesterday. That's why they keep picking on you people because of the fact that the old Cubano's there the one-dimensional assholes like Miguel he's probably the only guy on the age of a hundred who behaves like that, you know because he's brainwashed Well, that's because he grew up with all those other Cubans in Chicago whatever whatever whatever his excuses, you know This is wife is he Cuban no It's how well she's what a Italian She's Italian oh, how do you like that oh how sweet that is It's a taniin maybe a little bit of that the grease will rub off you know, I'm a girl That's all right. He's already got his own oh Johnny dips is the U.S. is like a stupid puppy will get to that story A lot of good crap going on today great but aren't we excited about this story about this asshole from the American family association with kitty porn in this home Just like that Charles Keating thing all over again. That's right See when all these morons when they set themselves up whether it's the priest or the Pope or the whatever it is and they set themselves up as holy Or then now and all of this is a big scam and they're taking your tax free dollars and run to the you know To the porno shop with the whoever the hell they're going. What does that tell you right there right off the van? See I'm a pervert and I'm proud of it you're a pervert and proud of it sure Scott We don't know cuz he don't say anything Scott you knew that oh he's that's what the phone right now, but yeah He's not no I understand he's very busy See that was a technical riff. Oh now what was the problem that I couldn't hear the file just thought an important button that wasn't pressed I see could have how is it was it my second powers again that told me that there must be on your end or is it just because of the fact that everything down Your technical fees a piece of crap you think that might have been it that might have been it that might have been more likely Plamed on me not not not not play me new because you've had poor training We're blaming it on whoever trained you which is probably a Carlos L. No you didn't train him. I thought you brought that Beater in there I trained Like I said it's your just fault well surges under a lot of pressure. That's a little kitty didn't want 1026 at five 60 W Q AM it's a great Wednesday. I don't know. I feel like full of a vinegar. You know and whatever goes with it I just feel really Oh, I'm telling the world these days and you know the main reason I give up cuz I'm here and not there. Oh That week I spent down here it seemed like it's it went by so fast it seemed like only 20 30 years He need to sell your home fast fast cash home buyers buys houses fast hassle free fast cash home buyers buys houses in any condition A location in for any reason you need to sell your house real quick Does your house maybe need a new roof flooring any other repairs well don't throw money away and costly repairs do the smart thing dump it Call rod today at 1 866 785 fast for no obligation hassle free offer at fast cash home buyers to help you solve your house problems Do you have a vacant house if you're headed to leaving with a problem tenant maybe you're going to run nasty rotten obnoxious divorce call fast cash home buyers Maybe you're one two or three payments behind you're inherited a property. You don't want fast cash home buyers can help call Rod today at 1 866 785 fast let fast cash home buyers give you peace of mind fast cash home buyers will buy your house today And here's another really good thing you won't have to pay a diamond real estate commissions either. This is the smart way to do it call Ron today tool free no obligation one 866 75 fast FAS T for a hassle free offer and let fast cash home buyers solve those house problems Here's sports video five sixty two a Some Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh show and still get better numbers than moe, you know? Absolutely. Let's fry for next couple of ones. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. It sounds pretty inviting to me. Here's a flash from Louis West Hill Ray. It says goodbye Paul Hill. I'll be with the Vitt for Book of Brian. Goodbye Paul Hill. You piece of crap. That's what it says here. Piece of crap. I don't normally care for the death penalty. In this case, I'll be having your cake party out of the death of the hippie critical Nazi inbretskombaga abortion, the doctor killer at 6pm. I'll also murder the doctors and then go to the wife, right? Set no the um, his driver. Well, what does driver begin with a W? Well, it just ends. I mean, Louis West Hill Ray just to any gutsy emotional. Thank you, Louis Del Ray. I'm with you, man. Bottoms up. There's another fact. This is cute. David Carl Springs. This goes to show you the kind of newspapers you got there in South Florida. They sucked their garbage. I would even wrap my garbage in it. Being insult to the garbage of the world. I would even put those logs in it. David Carl Springs spacts as me an article. Well, it says in here, you mentioned on the area, state of the public, wouldn't know the difference between Senator John Kerry of Massachusetts and former Senator Bob Kerry of Nebraska. Evidently, the Sun Sentinel didn't either. Below is an article in Friday Sun Sentinel, detailing Senator John Kerry's economic plan with a picture. Here it is right here. A former Senator Bob Kerry of Nebraska. I called the Sentinel to point out the ear. They printed the correct picture in the Saturday paper. Thought you get kick out of this. Yeah, absolutely. David Carl Springs. Thank you. Democrat of presidential hopeful John Kerry on Thursday, proposed yad yad yad yad and here right next right in the inset is a picture of Bob Kerry of Nebraska, which anybody would even a minimum of intelligence with a modicum of political awareness. Anybody with an IQ larger than their thumbnail size would know the difference between John Kerry, who's that got that real crusty look, you know, right kind of boring look like a dead in Kerry and makes those goofy face. And Jim Kerry, but a goofy faces, who used to look pretty good, by the way. And Bob Kerry, who looks a little like how do you do the on helium. I mean, I mean, what, what do we talk about here? Oh, look at this. And here, and he also on the bottom of his face, I didn't realize this. It says, curabder corrections and clarifications with nobody reads. And article on page 12 A. A Friday's edition of Democratic presidential, full Senator John Kerry, was accompanied by an incorrect photograph and read his the correct photo of Kerry. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Nice going, David Carl Springs, you're okay in our book. Lot's sharper than those assholes of the Sun symbol. Isn't that the place where Tom Jicki used to work? That's the work. And the reason I say used is because on their website, the last article, Eddie wrote was July 29, then he was off in California, California, getting wind and dying by all the TV promoters, all those assholes out there. And then that's it. But on the one because I'm here at Toronto, I'm supposed to be out of touch. I've found thought of touch this time. Okay, touch most bald spot. Maybe you could borrow most peace. Wouldn't Tom look lovely with that. Let's go down to sit with that weasel. He has a spare. No. I'm sure he does and a spare tire too. More sex abuse charges filed against upstate evangelists before we didn't get to the days pool, which is already up there. It was. I'll be damned. I guess I work. Huh? I came back. What do you mean by that? For some reason it reset. It reset. Well that's good so I can vote for it again. We got I'd like today's pool a lot. I started out with like two or three choices. And then more I thought about it. I thought this is really a nifty. Anyway, we'll get to that when we get around with. The first Anderson South Carolina, more sex abuse charges filed against upstate evangelists and upstate evangelists accused of sexually abusing children has been charged with 13 more counsels, and connection with crimes against for it can kill the youths fully said. James Wesley McCoy, 31 of bath South Carolina, has been charged with three counts of criminal sexual conduct with a minor and 10 counts of a lude act upon a minor. The warrants were mailed and served to McCoy at the O'Connie County jail. Love what a bunch of mugwams. And you like it there in the car. I know not South Carolina. I know it. Where he's been held since May 12th said it can share spokesman Lieutenant Michael Frank. The additional charges stem from incidents against forfeitants in achon Frank said in fact I hear they're still achon. In May McCoy was charged with committing sex acts with 13 and 14 year old girls. Nice gone pops. Upstate evangelist McCoy who has McCoy ministries based in green to list charged with sex abuse in five South Carolina counties achon, Kursha, Lawrence, Okony and Pickens. That's when the Pickens is what he said so he had a girl for the 13 and 14 year old. That's just tragic pathetic shame on you pops. You pervert here's another one. I didn't realize just out of the blue came all of the stuff. Fist pouring in an effects machine. By the way did I read that so I Christian radio employee charged with child pornography from the American Family Association more than 500 times the end. I don't know. We'll get back to it. A cues that abuse preachers on leave the remnant. This is in Tampa. Oh my god. Are you ready for that as it's starting to sink a little closer to home and you know what we say about that? That's right. Another month. You notice? Well, of course we shouldn't be surprised by this but the places where there are more and more mugwams this seems to be. Although we can make the exception father gig and who's still dead. That was in Boston a lot of the stuff in Boston which is hardly known as a mugwum place. That's terrible tragedy. What is that? I don't know. Oh, you mean father gig and oh yeah. Oh yeah. Poor father gig and won't see him no more. He's like Paulie and the godfather won't see him no more. I tried to stay with the straight face. It was only accidentally to realize that he was left with that guy who was abused as a child. And why didn't he get even that skin head? That was just a coincidence that the regards happen to be dittling around out in the airport yard while he got off while he got strangled and gagged and choked on it. They're bad. Choked on his father. You piece of turd you. You turd. Tampa. The Reverend Timothy Kelly and assistant pastor at St. Timothy Catholic Church in Tampa to voluntary leave last week while the DIC's investigates an allegation that he molested a boy 20 years ago. Kelly 56 couldn't be reached for comet but he denied the allegations Sunday and a statement to parishioners. Somebody who's been a friend of mine has falsely occured me misconduct with him when he was a minor. They're everything to defend my innocence and help the DIC's come to the truth he be saying. Neither Kelly nor the DIC's identified his accuser but the allegations were outlined in the lawsuit filed in the Penelas Pasco Circuit Court last Friday. Ah, y'all y'all y'all until 82 Kelly was a pre-thal DIC's a buffalo. Well that's enough to make you one do anything. There he befriended an altar boy identified in the suit as John Doe and other altar boy, Cain Ovell man. What a novel concept. John Doe developed a close relationship with Kelly like that a father and son. Kelly took John Doe to baseball games and movies even bottom Christmas gifts. According to the suit Kelly we look at an 82 to the DIC's St. Petersburg which encompasses the Tampa Gate Bay Area. In August 1983 the suit says he brought John Doe and his brother to Florida for a week long vacation at which time he performed all sex on John Doe who was then all of 13. This queen did a kid 13. The abuse caused permanent psychological damage loss of income loss of faith the suit says John Doe repressed memories of the odds of molestation until September 9th, it doesn't say but prompted the memories to return her Florida stench of limitation to require the suit to be found within four years which ended Monday. The DIC's of Buffalo and St. Petersburg both defendants of the suit as his Kelly, the St. Petersburg DIC's already has a compelling defense that its attorney, Joe DeVito, and no kind of Danny, lame-y-p-p- he might be his little brother. But don't step on it. Danny DeVito's great. Yes. He was great in Noah was the what the hell? A Hoffa right? You didn't see that? No. He was great in that movie. He was like Jimmy's little, I don't want to say bodyguard but like his little lemon. You know he always put with him much kind of sidekick. And then he got conned there by the, by the punk at the end. I was watching it. Something like that. I needed to watch Hoffa. Oh my god, it's great. Did they offer Hoffa? They offered Hoffa. Yeah. And then he was in the trunk and vanished and they said, oh he won't see him. No more. He's kind of like Father Gagan. What's he him? No more. He's with all the big scumbags in the sky. Right where Paul Hill is going to be after six o'clock tonight. It'll give us a thrill to see Paul Hill get the pill on blueberry. Anyway, that's it's good. It's a wonderful thing. And then I'll be saying, well, you know, this, there might be a backlash and some of these other crazy assholes are going to start to do an abortion clinic and all the other, well, what is going on here, man? Crazy religious people. Those are the dangerous ones. Okay, when somebody starts giving you the God bull crap in the Jesus' baloney, at that time run like Helen call 911. That's the first thing you ought to do. Are your kids out there? Run away from home if they try to give you the religious brainwashing and all you portorthox Jewish kids immediately. File lawsuit for parental malpractice. What do you say? That's a good idea. 1041 at 560 WQM. If you're trying desperately lose some weight on the egg and data on any of the other low carb diets like what's your name Suzanne Summers of your summarizing it? Well, she is such a phony bitch, you know? Yep, they can money though. She's making a ton of money because she stole the egg and thing and she goes on and and she's also selling the, what are those other exercise things that she's all on? The Busty Master, the ass master, the vagina master, the abenus master, the master Vader. Anyway, no matter who's low carb diet is, there's a great stir-fruir where you can get all kinds of good things to munch on and snack on. The lights of West Book at the number one low carb store in town. You've got over 900 low carb sugar free products. In fact, this copy is so old-skippy. Be as you get an update because I'm sure they got a lot of new ones in since the 10th of June, which is when you last update of this, you're an asshole's kippy. And by the way, you do smelly BM's in the public toilets there. Try the new car low carb instant cup of soup just add water pop it in the old microwave. A low carb meal in the cup for delicious flavors. Be sure and pop in your post the new simply delicious low carb muffins for a quick breakfast. They've got your own little individual size cheese cake. Judy's low carb peanut brittle sounds delicious to me. They're unbelievably good. And again, low carb's almost nothing in it. Carbon white-rated drink chocolate, but those shakes it's low carb meal in a can. The at last brand chocolate crisp and chocolate mint bars with no malt at all. A gods in for those of us who don't enjoy sitting all day on the pot. I said sitting. And of course you also want to check out their low carb pasta sauces, dressing, chips, chocolate days and their famous carbohydrate ice cream. They've got just tons of stuff to keep you on the straight and your old path. And don't forget to like all Atkins brand products around sale all day every day. They're open daily 10 to 10 you'll find the lights on the North East corner of Glades in 441 right next to the precarious Boston Market column toll free at 1-877 low carb or Shuffleman away but low carb.com don't forget to subscribe to the wonderful place. The lights are west bokeh's your official Atkins retail center. My life and low. This is for sure you'll buy city. You way. You way. Good friends. Good guy. Arnold Schwarzenegger. We'll take a call when a peg man at Ober. Hi Arnold how are you? Terrific thank you. Do you still believe kids in adults should exercise regularly? No research was done and we found out that it is actually based for you health and now of course I'm traveling around the country telling all the high school kids don't take fitness program. Columbus or higher with Arnold Schwarzenegger hello. Hi Arnold I was wondering how far you went school. Well a seven-year-old kid in school, elementary school. Oh. How high can you count? Fifteen or twenty. Well, Lancaster Pennsylvania with Arnold Schwarzenegger hello. Arnold both my parents work so I'm home alone a lot. What should I do when I get bored? Take drugs. Seriously? Oh yes. What kind of pot? Okay. Well we have to work to just a permanent high. When you do it in the morning I think the secret release is when you're soon as you roll out the bed through the pot. And you will feel great to rest of your day. Never a long way you don't feel better after them before. It's right. You're the best Donald. Thank you very much Larry. Thank you, Larry. 1047 at 560 and under how things are going in California. Fifty three quotes already we haven't even officially started a port yet. That's a good almond or to think. Yeah. That's a good old man. Anyway before that we got nineteen thousand four hundred dollars for abandoned pepper rescue the best of me. You'll stuff. Go to our website or to your CDs and keychains and stuff. And mugs and wonder mugs. Teashearts. And they're more Howard David and asshole keychains. It'll be a wonderful thing. Probably be a collector's item after they finally Schmidt came out of the building because you're never here to him again. Nineteenth thousand four hundred bucks. That's what we got so far. We're just getting going. And just wait till actually some people come back to town and you'll see some action. You know what? I had no before I do the full thing. I'm serious when when is it now I realize every year more and more people rise up and they spend a little time there is possible especially when it's raining and humid and hurricanes come in and hurricane. But but what's the story already? I don't know. What is the deal? How many more weeks before some people come back? Jesus that's like a more than half of the year. I think basically there are people there like the Sember January February and March. That's it. And a little bit of April and they get out. Right? Sure. What kind of a place is that? It's like it's like a horse and buggy town. How long can that place continue calling itself a major market to get 10,000 people who are baseball game Allegedly. That's what they put in the bus going to paper which means they were like five or six thousand people. They're when they got their top superstar young picture on a mound when they're like tied for a wild car. And they were leading by again going to the game last night. And there's nothing going on. Nobody wants to be there. That's not a major metropolitan market. Like a world class. Like you're saying? It's a stopping point. It's a dropping off the face of a map point even if people in Beaumont North Carolina don't want to go or say whatever it is. Be referred. Go for it. Go for it. I don't want to just get that out of there. Yep. That's why I took that pull the other day. What's the biggest problem? Too many Cubans. Well, I think we need to bring in there. I haven't said for years. Bring in a whole bunch of buses. Bring in a fleet of buses. Thousands of them. And just take a hold. We have incoming and outgoing. And we need a people transplant and South Florida. I mean, the weather we can't do anything about. Especially with this president because pretty soon it'll be 140 a degrees in December up north. But we can't do nothing about that. But it sure is how it will be a lot more pleasant if we had pleasant people. If we had some progressive leadership. If we had some real newspapers. If we had some real broadcasters on TV and the post of a bunch of silly clowns like Angela Ray, laughing up her ass. Jesus, God. And like Elliott Rodriguez with his professional Cuban isimo crap. We're tired of that crap. We want some real people in there. We want to have some people under the age of 100, which I know is illegal. Wouldn't that be a tremendous novelty? Oh, no. We got to get rid of spring break. There's too many young punk's here, man. There's too many people drinking beer. We rather have a bunch of old people popping the pills and pretending to be driving out there and creating drive throughs in buildings where there isn't any. That's what we'd rather have. That whole South beats thing, man. What a joke. What age joke, you know, it would be like a band-aid on a gigantic tumor. Put in a little tiny band-aid on a Titanic. You got a few blocks down there on South Beach, where Dekko this and Dekko that. And what I wish I had that thing on Barbara Kappen. You got the carpet. I don't want to hear it. Okay. No, I don't know. Because it makes me think of her yellow teeth. Go ahead around the show one time when she was screaming against casino gambling. Oh, our Dekko. She was one of the leaders for this Dekko thing. She's long since dead. But I'm sure she's just laughing up her ass and the box. See, I told you we don't need gambling. We've got Dekko. We've got the South Beach. Yeah, like 10 blocks. 10 blocks. But about to scream in Queens running around there. You've got to have muscled by on screaming Queens in a body and muscled shirts over Placed restaurants with a lot of really cheesy places. A lot of really cheesy guys. And I do mean he's he and she's he. And then you got Miss Drogdown here. I wonder if Ann Colter's like living in the same building. Think. Say, Rob. You think they're rubbing their strap on together? They've both got a strap on. So that's our pull question today. We should do a thing. I like when when how does anybody come in back? Okay. Oh, not doing that today. But I'm serious. We ought to do that. I mean, it's it's getting frightening to me now because you just you see it. But it's like a ghost town this summer time. And you have to contend with it, which I shop this summer. George, if I do say so myself. All by a key. No, it was it was it. And I'm not not me not great. It was fairly weak. But no, it's certainly a good job. And we'll do that pull next week after the ride is finally comes back. I mean, you know, after things start coming around. Well, no, we're putting the pieces together. You officially hear it on this show. The other guys on the stage, we got some good guys. But you know, they talk crap. You know, ball games this and ball games that, you know, and they just, you slide on by. You know, like all the other stuff. They're, they're oblivious to it. Because of course, they're there to talk. That's right. That's all it's all about. Much of stupid ball games. Then nobody cares about. That's why for Rellis going over so big because he mixes in a little tiny bit of. What about your dirty crap? You know, we like that. You ought to watch the other bunch of dirty crap. There you go. And we have one here about this one's package and this one's rack. And the big D. I racky packages. Exactly. So anyway, here's our pull question today. Which of these, and I got to change one, Eric. I hate to do this because I know his back is illin. But I left the word out. It wasn't his, it wasn't his bad. It was mine because it doesn't make any sense. Although it's still already getting votes. Which of these would be the most humiliating to be discovered as a cross dress here, which we talked yesterday about guys who were bras and panties and like to wear it. And evidently it's fairly common. Straight guys. Okay. That's what Ray Perry told me. Oh, I see. To fart on an elevator. Now see, I could have, we could have done a whole pull just on the different categories of where you would fart. Right. Sure. But I'm not going to do that. We'll do that another time. Because you could clarify that you could like narrow it down. If you fart on elevator, there's only two people on there and you're one of them. Right. Well, guess what? The other person knows they didn't do it. I think it's implied. No, not necessarily if you fart on a crowded elevator, it's pretty embarrassing too, because that's true, but then let's say yeah. But then you can never be here. Oh, and see, the secret to that is they're like if you're standing online at publics. I know. And there's about six people online like at the express line and you fart real bad. And the thing is, you look around like when I just said like, oh, she's looking at that. Oh, my God. And that's the only way to protect yourself. I like to look at the old lady. Of course, they might have seen that stain in the back of your pants. They have a pretty good idea of might have been you. That's the other question. To be discovered as a cross-dresser, to fart in an elevator, to be a straight guy and see the word caught needs to be in there. To be a straight guy caught having sex with another guy. Without the word caught, I mean, you could have sex with another guy. If nobody knows it, it's not that humiliating because you probably enjoy it. You know what I mean? You're probably like getting a little homerwider on your cell phone. But to be a straight guy caught having sex with another guy. So we need the word caught in there. And it's not going to fit online. So I'm not how I'll do it. But I have to go over it. Okay, just relax. To be discovered as a pedophile, which already is rambling for the top spot, to fart during sex, which I was reading a column about that the other day is very, very common. This is the most common cause. What ever happened to them by the way, common cause? Who? Common cause. Don't you remember the organization? The political organization common cause? You don't? No. But you're an idiot. Anyway, this is the most common cause of like the quickest interruptus. Is one partner or farts. And like that kind of like, no, no. Damn, damn it's the whole scene and the she's living. But it's never pain. Okay, next choice. We got several choices on a pool. You poop your pants in public, which is almost in first place. Mom, I voted for. I voted for something like that. I did too. I did too because I've done that. I poop my pants. Although I never poop my pants or not, anybody else thank goodness. I'm trying to take a number of times. I'm not. Now, the one time in a car doesn't count because I was alone in the car. Remember I told you I just right. I was almost told but I knew it was hopeless. Pointed over here and so I figured, well, what's the, I'll get let it go. I let it all out. And the worst part of that is when you get into the garage. Thank goodness, I got, you know, the, the, what's your call of door, you know? We're more controlled door. And you go inside and you close the door and make sure nobody can get in. And then you get up and all of a sudden, like Lincoln logs are on your shoes. None of the ground. It's very embarrassing. In my beautiful corvette to a, I traded that car and we'll see how bad. Like I think later that day. Very premature evacue, if that ejaculate, Gortskort. I mean, and we underlined a very part. You know what I mean? I did. Especially like those young punk, you know, the first time they're doing about three strokes in the Gortskortz, it's a pretty reverse. I didn't print it. You pop a big Woody in public. I mean, it's obviously visible. Or you pick up what turns out to be a shemail. Which you didn't think was all that embarrassing. I can't imagine few things worse. I mean, what a, what a blow to your ego. What a blow to your ego. I mean, embarrassing wouldn't be the word I would choose. Press trading, aggravating. Now, humiliating. First of all, the poll doesn't say embarrassing if you read it. And secondly, it's humiliating. I think it is humiliating. It's degrading like, oh, my God. That that's what I'm on up with. That's the best I could do. Is this? Whatever the thing is, the shihi. You'd be saying, you would be saying, T, he if it was the shihi, I'll guarantee that somebody else might. So that's what we got. We got a lot of votes in there already. It's a sensational poll. We're going to got 100 votes. I haven't even like this. Put out. 1057 at 560 WQM and, you know, TriceDraper. We love you. You're a good guy. Old number 23. But you are so full of cramp. He takes last year's copy again. He crosses it out like it's a joke. 9, 3, 2002. And he puts 9, 3, 0, 3 today's date. I mean, this is our sales department folks. So when you hear for real and everybody else in Hank, bitching about our sales department, it's not stick man. There are assholes. They just don't want to do any work. Anyway, here's the deal on balance for life. There's no assholes over there. Just people that really know their stuff inside and out. How many lose the weight? With that little black sack. There's no cooking. There's no shopping, no cleaning, no worries. No calorie counting. No carbohydrate counting. No eating a bunch of little tiny stuff out of a box. That's nothing but a chemical feast. Good, delicious fresh goodies. They have three gourmet meals and two delicious snacks in your black sack. They deliver right your doorstep by six an AM every day. And of course, it's based on the zone dive by Dr. Barry Sears. Remember Dr. Sears? I think he was kind of Jay and the Brian Sears. And robot. And man, you will love it because like I said, the food is delicious. And there's plenty of it. Not periquete size portions. So if you're tired, if you try it all the other way, plus programs and you still a fat slab. And you're like diabetic around the verge of it. No fun. If you'd like to really live a few years, here's the deal. Called balance for life. And the only figure that you have to do like I always tell you is that little menu they send you every week. You have two choices for each meal and snack. And you fill out the menu, facts it back and everything is that's exactly what they bring it. Call them today. Balance for life. You'll start losing that weight within just a matter of days. Call 9 5 4 5 6 8 30 2 29 9 5 4 5 6 8 30 2 29 or check them out on the wicked worldwide web at balanceforlife.com. My life and load this is for trivial life. You wait, you wait. You wait. I got a terrible job. I got a terrible job. I got a terrible job. Hey there, this here's Bill Flynn. Now you all heard about the national do not call list. That stuff's telemarketers from Buggin' Yet Home. Well now there's a little list that blocks another kind of unwaver call. Oh my god. Hold on. Hello. Hi Bill. I was reading the names of grass and I had to call you. I miss you. It's my journey, Bill. I thought I told you not to call when you're a child. Yeah, all who's on the phone. I do not want the switch to MCI. Come back. Yeah, that was close. Thankfully, calls like that will be a thing of the past when you put your name on the national. You do not call when my wife is homeless. It's guaranteed to block calls from all sorts of businesses. Like fat interns, ugly interns, jigs of big noses, jigs of big butts, jigs of big butts and big noses. That's the ball. When your wife leaves the house, those calls are automatically put through. I'm going to a book signing. Poor. The national do not call when my wife is homeless. Because your affairs are your own affairs. I did not have phone relations with that woman. Since then, I got what that was. I'm going to go 3 to 5, 60 W to Q AM. Let's take a call or two showing. Because I got a lot of stuff here. We got to go to our hurry. All right. Because it's hump Wednesday and we got that big comedy that's one to two hours. That one ain't never going away. Good. We like it a lot. But that other stuff that that's taken our way through. That was bad. You know, we don't apologize for it doing. No. We enjoyed it. It's probably enjoyed it too because what else are you going to listen to a bunch of crap? Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Are you doing today? Great. I'm doing great. Hey, I was hoping you could do me a favor. Maybe. Please retire. You're doing different voice today, huh? Yeah. Yeah. Different voice. She's trying to new tactic. Here's a Delray Beach. Delray. Delray is up here. I'm on the bench. Just wait. I don't want to forget that guy there. They're going to call everyone for the loudest life paid on. Hold for about 20 minutes to say that. Probably. I just want to do a thing. The same guy that calls everybody. He's using his real voice now. I think it's more classy. Yeah. I want to get on the pole there to play it through this fun edges. And you're right. Put her pattern around. Put Shawn. What got in here? Hard on. Hard on. Public is probably the number one thing is. But the worst is if you're in a swim. If you get a hard on. If you're what? And a swim. And you get a hard on. Really? Okay. He's got a big hard on. Yeah. And you stand up in the swim. Rather embarrassing. Oh my god. What a guy next to me. He's often a gold girlfriend before the. You know, the meat. A little excited. Rather embarrassing when they say I'm laying down. I will think here. I'm going to march. Fits. Yeah. They used to say Mark Spits and Eddie Swallows. 567.0.560. Tom. Now, can you tell me something? Because I don't know anything about gymnastics. Other than most of Marguei and most of them are like, well, not about some are pretty good looking. Not only gayer than the divers though. No, not even close. No, but, but seriously. What I wonder is when you see guys like, like, do in the what do they call those things? But the rings. They call it. Not that kind of range. The rings. The rings. And like they're. And they always seems like they have something protruding there. You know, like they have a gigantic killboss in their party. I noticed that. I think they wear a a padded piece. A cod piece. Yes. Yes indeed. He's a little bit more. He's got a big hard on one of the other for his questions. Oh, let's go back to those days when we had who were the barc cars? And not Matt LaPansy. He was married to all of the other than John. He was in that cute movie. You know, I'm talking about misgator. Okay. misgator. That's not much of other queens. There was one year man when the US Olympic team was just, wow. Well, like a bunch of male models. And they all, uh, he's got a big hard on it. Yeah. They all had like that. Pompies. Yeah. What was that? Artists 12 inches. Oh, I thought we were going to hear that interview with Moe and a cheerleader. So we're going to get that. We have, uh, not the ability to play it right off if you know what I mean. But we have seen our people working on it. We'll have it momentarily. The worst, for us is the worst interview in the history of radio. The most embarrassing humiliating and degrading. See, I was thinking that might also be another choice. We're not going to put it on your Eric. Please. We're not going to put it on. And you know, it's how quick Eric made the change on that thing and didn't have to go to the next line. Like lightning. Nice going Eric. See, I should probably feel good about Eric doing such a great job lately. I really feel bad. You want to know why? Why, no. Because no, because what it shows is that for a couple of years, they were holding back on us. See what I mean? Remember, he's got the ability to be like as phenomenal on that website as anybody in the universe. But he was like, uh, slacken off, you know? Okay. And so now we realize his true abilities that, you know, so he owes us big time. And he's catching up. Hi, job Eric. Which of these would be most humiliating? 129 votes? I was also, I started a second and put on there being caught listening to the more Howard David show. But you know, that's just a good tool to keep shot. Which we do easily enjoyed doing. Which of these would be the most humiliating to poop your pants in public 39? Can be discovered as a pedophile 35? To pick up what? See, I firmly believe that pedophiles need to be institutionalized for life. Okay. There's no cure for pedophiles. So why do they keep putting them back on a street and then it's like, Oh, gee, we just can't believe they did it again. Well, that's, that's their thing. See, and we just aren't accepted. No, we just don't accept their thing. The tall wall, they need to be on the other side of it. Exactly. Forever. Now, what do they ever decide about John Hinkley? Did they make that to Zignus to your neck? Because I didn't see the story. Don't know. I thought they were going to decide. Well, we'll get to it. Let's get back to the poll. Let's get to the important stuff. Okay, because this is one of my better polls. 138 votes, which of these would be most humiliating, putting your pants in public 42 to be discovered as a pedophile 38 to pick up what turns out to be a female 20. See George. Ha ha. How do you like that? Oh, what? It's humiliating. That's not the word I would think of. And as of respecting guy, I would say, Well, I can't put humiliating and burasing the grading this appointee. You know, it's, uh, Jesus, for a guy that puts up crappy polls like you do. You're someone to, you know, to be picking on this. To be a straight back on having sex with another guy, 16 to fart during sex, 11. Have a very premature ejaculation, George Court, six. Like before you even get it out of your pants is not an idea. Uh, to fart on an elevator, too, to pop a big woody in public appear. And to be discovered as a cross versus only got one, you see? That cross dress and thing is not as unpopular as we thought. No, wouldn't surprise me if a large percentage of the so on. The body is a, we're in guys were in bras and on these right now. Probably out of the cab drivers. It's probably comfortable, you know? It's luxurious man. I'd explain a lot. Oh, yeah. Which is why sometimes you see guys like rubbing their breasts. Uh, who the hell was talking about it the other day? Oh, Joe Rose. It was great. Nice gone, Joe. About the fact that he's when he takes a shirt off as he's, because he's used to exercise a lot. And he stopped, right? And so now he's got like large breasts. He was complaining about the fact that he's got a large breasts. So now, Clarence, there's something for you to think about. Joe might get a little bit out of sorts, but if the beast, you know, just continue turning it down. The next time the little dog is in the building, Clarence might consider grabbing little, some handful of that. Edphletite and the breast, too. So there's our pull question, which I like tremendously. I think it's sensational. It's right on top of it. See, the pooping and a pants thing. I started with the story. Let me take a call or two because I got many poop stories. You know, it's how we went from toilets yesterday to poop stories today. This show is rooting in a crapper. Here's Miami, hello. Let's go, K. Let's go, K. Yeah, go far soon, please. Here is, uh, am I sure, hello. Hey, don't worry. Okay, sir. Hey, don't want to, uh, how much contributed to a band-empet rescue? Yeah. I have a really great idea. I want to be one of your voices like about 30, man. And I think if we, if you put up like you've been to, I'm always, you've been to that voice. You've had your voice. I'll start the did right now for $200 for me to have that voice. So you pick a few of your voices. There's no clearers in the church. You know, one of those. And we're good on it. And whoever with the highest bid, you use that voice. Now, there we go. You've got back in the third. I have a question. You're talking about what you made you a bit on the voice. What it was that mean? Well, I, what I mean is it's that. My voice to be about 30, man. I'll be with you for a while. It's hard with this voice. Oh, no, no, no, no chance of that. No chance of that. Let me say again, there is not a 10 or 10. I mean, how could you replace 30, man? You can't replace that. You're replaceable. And it's your replaceable. It's worth $400 for that. People are so want to say that voice. Now, 30, man. Well, how about if you just send a three or four hundred bucks with big Google to get? Yeah. I know. Let's just say I did. Okay, bad one. Thank you. I won't take this. See, if somebody really wants to donate three or four hundred bucks, they'll do it. Right? No, no, go through a whole bunch of stuff. That maybe we'll do it. We're not going to do it much. A gymnastics in gyracons and stuff. I'll see there with the gymnastics again. You got that old with Mitch Gailard. Remember that great movie American anthem? I get it about a one on a scale 5,000, but he was in it. And during, at least he's consistent. He may not be a good actor or anything else. He was pretty good, the gymnast. But one thing we can always say about Mitch Gailard. He's got a big hard on. He's got a cod piece in his pants. Yay. Well, it's probably like to attract the young on sand. I think it's for protection and discretion. I don't think it's for a discretion, so we're like, it doesn't go flat and around. So it doesn't, yeah. See, in my case, when you're a small design, you can't relate to that. We had a button. No, actually not a button mushroom, a straw mushroom. If you're reading a Chinese restaurant and a straw mushroom, you know, sometimes those, that's Someone's can, can protrude. Real? I'm saying they like it. I really want to hear a thing then. But if you're actually not almost see it. And of course, if you're on your own, they're like, And they're ass off. And they would, they'd be saying, You call that a penis? Right. You do it a ring routine. You can't exactly reach down and, you know, adjust it. And that's what Ricky Carlissel is doing. He's doing his re-routine. Come on, it's after 11 at 5. 60 WCM, you're perverted. Sick disgusting. Grow test station for the Omolemon. We're pretty goddamn proud of it, too. Okay. Well, anybody likes it or not. Especially the American and the Florida Family Association. Yeah. You bunch of hypocrites, phones. That'd be a good poll today. Could the bigger hypocrites? The American Family Association and their counterparts in each day including Florida, or the Catholic Church. All those priest out there. Well, son, you mashed up. I did you must say 400 Hail Mary's and come back and to bring me the samples. Oh, the hell, you crazy people with a confession crap. There's a bunch of perverts sitting on the other side of that confessional and your Tom, all your intimate stuff, you know? Inters sitting on the other side rubbing themselves raw to a bloody stump. Who the hell are they kidding? How can so many goddamn people be so freaking stupid? You know what I'm saying? When you're going to wake up, it's just the pansies. That's what you need to do. Take it from somebody who knows. I know my pansies, Mr. Believe you'll meet. I've smelled of stuff you were my time. Like that Kevin Baxter. 113 at 5.60 WQA. I'm answering a 2003 Neo-Rage's end of the summer clearance sale going on right now at Hall at Pontiac GMC. Get you the lowest prices in town for my good close personal buddies. Tom Laminant and Joe Prieto. You can't be the mystic and don't try it. For the special promotion every vehicle has been marked down to the absolute rock bottom price and it's going on right now. Plus, get yourself zero percent financing for 60 months on every single Pontiac or GMC in stock at Hall at, again right now. You can also buy 2003 Pontiac Sunfire for the unbelievably low price of only 11,998 or get you a full size CR for just 15,998, but you better hurry it now because inventory is be limited. At Hall at you can still test drive any vehicle on the lock for 24 hours. Take it home, take it to work, take it to the most house and get a peak at his piece. And of course Hall at Salsa got a great selection of certified pre-owned cars, trucks and SUVs. Don't worry about your credit even if it's marginal even has a few blemishes on it. And your credit record too. It's never a problem in Hall at because they want to make you a dealer want to sell you a vehicle. Hall at Pontiac GMC 134.1 Satix, you highway. That's on prestigious US one across from the falls open every day, seven days a week. If you want more info on any of these special deals just call the meal the helhot line toll free. 1 triple 8 5 3 4 4 4 2 11. That's 1 triple 8 5 3 4 4 4 4 2 11. To let it in please keep in mind. All the steel seem to decw past the about zero in and I'll give you credit problems or health Those who are responsible for that they'll pay time. little flying to a team on their plane. I hit her plane's bachelors. You're a man. If you're feeling perplexed, I said, you're men. Once they take your own set, I said, you're men. Here's what you must do, this. If you want to brag this, you're a fake, you're men. There's a place you can chill. I said, you're men. If you're a $3 bill, you can't break that. And then you make a bird, they won't treat you like a bird bird. It's sponsored by a big, a baseball culture. It's sponsored by a big, a big school culture. Yeah. Then you fish a snowshake, and there is no doubt. He's one hundred percent out. It's sponsored by a big, a baseball culture. It's sponsored by a big, a big school culture. Yeah. Then you're not per second. You can worship babies. You can marry a girl named Steve. A big, a school culture. It's sponsored by a big, a big, a school culture. Yeah. You're men, you're men. We will let you run in. You're men, you're men. We sing shows and not in. Let me see that five, 60, WCM happy Wednesday. Here's the call from here, field. Hello. New. Yes, sir. Can you put that on your bit from cool and loop? What they have. Oh, my, guys. Is this incredible or what? I'm in Twilight Zone. This is the same stars that I called yesterday. Would it same thing? Could you put that on your bits? How about Kibbles and bits? It sounds like a good lunch for your pound. Because this shows go to the dogs with colors like that. Jesus, cake. That's right. Kibbles and bits is for cats in it. How do you do it? Now, you give it to the cat before after you put it into my table. Kibbles and bits is for dogs. It is? Yeah. Kibbles and schmits? I'm not really sure. I don't mind to have my dog. Kibbles and schmits. They are remember the commercial. Oh. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We're talking about your favorite dog food today. Pirina. Pupin your pants is what we're talking about. Pirina? Oh, my God. You're dogs going to die, son. Dry. Oh, we don't feed it to the dog. I eat it. It's good and cheap. No, seriously. If you feed your dog up your innay, it will die. Of course not. Of course, if you don't feed it, yes it will. If you don't feed it, then you feed our dog. How about one? Pirina makes that I believe in. Yeah. That might be it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60. See, it's a damn good thing I got all this stuff because I already built out that beautiful poll today, which is getting a humongous response. But other than the building, the poll thing, they just, you know, there's nothing there. Which is astonishing to me. Even a 25 different categories, the 70 categories we got on the poll. Oh, don't inspire. We had the one guy that was talking about swimmers, you know, getting a pop and wood in their pants. Right. Which I imagine would be mighty embarrassing. You're standing up there on the diving board right before the, right before your hold your big meat. And all of a sudden. And of course, a lot of those guys. See, that's why they always look straight ahead. See, they would tell you that they want to be caught. No, they would tell you that they want to concentrate and wait till they hear the start, you know, on your bark and said, all of that, that has nothing to do with it. They don't want to look around because if they see some of you at a guy's next to them, you've got all you know, something. But especially bad when you climb up out of the water and your suits all clingy. I see everyone sees. Oh, now you know who that's going to be online. I think we might do like call us Wednesday today. You might just have to do that. Maybe my psychic powers are paying off. But as I have better powers than we've on guiding light, I've got just a whole Pollock good stuff. Which I don't really do with that much anymore because people don't want to hear me reading stuff on a year. You know, they get very, uh, and see what they, some of us like it. Yeah, I'm sure you do. Here's Miami. Hello. How you doing, Neil? Okay, sir. Come from Miami. I just turned 58. Hello. It's not Reverend Jones. Why does he always say, think everybody's that Reverend Jones guy? You don't sound a, it's Reverend Jones. You're right. I'll talk a few extra words for me because it takes like an extra half a second to get here. Right. There's a delay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. But we're getting nothing but idiots, including that guy with the, uh, what we have here is a failure to get rid of the crappy colors. Of course, when you only have one, and you know, it's going to be that, uh, goofball again online 9. See, because nobody in Pepper Pines calls online 9 Scott. I understand. You understand? Yes. All right. And I realize we can't be Tuesday because there's nobody else online right now. But nobody in Pepper Pines is going to call line 9. So you know what's got to be that jerk ball because he figures that somebody's going to get on. And he's not on too long. Have a fine. Hello. There's him. See. So we're not going to get no calls today, which is okay. Doesn't bother me at all because most of you're called suck anyway. Not going to get any women calling today. No. Does that got no sense of humor? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. People just do screenless the rest of the day. Go on a clock. What do you think? Oh, I got a little vacation there. Then Scott can pay a little more attention to like some other things like those and they could picture you got on the wall. Things like that. By the way, did I read that article Christian radio employee charge with child pornography enough yet? Got this hour? Not enough. We'll get to it this hour. Here's the Hollywood. Hello. Hollywood. Hollywood. Are you in Hollywood, sir? I am, sir. Okay. Good. I'm checking. I got to tell you, some of us will more pale than any other sports athletes. Yeah. What do you think about that? I don't. You don't think? No. Swimmers are a bunch of faggots, man. It's not the ones I know. Swimmers are all fags. Swimmers' divers. Yeah. Uh, guys, uh, bodybuilders, like Arnold, or all bunch of fags. Well, divers are definitely fags enough. Right. And what about the gymnasts? Uh, absolutely fags. Huh? Absolutely homo. I mean, even his name was Mitch Gaye, Lord. But I'd tell you, right? Put him up, Baltimore. He sure was pretty though. I'll tell you that. That was, uh, those, uh, uh, uh, gymnasts. Yeah, get tongue-tongued just there. Go, actually, was like all in one year. There was, there was on a three or four. We'd be hot American girl, kids. I know gymnastics team on the Olympic team. Yeah. I like gymnasts too. Bart Connor, man. He was, uh, she was really, I don't know what he was. He, he, oh, and who was the little guy from Indiana? I've actually Scott and those who I'm talking about. Not, Scott, who is the little guy from Indiana? The little gymnastics guy from Indiana with Brown here. He was, he wasn't a queen. He was married. He was, uh, cute. I don't see that. He was cute. I can't see that. I don't know. And then he became like a commentator on the network and all those, uh, oh, come on. And he was like in a couple of movies. Let's get with it here. You people, you're 12. You're obsessed with your goddamn football already, where they're running around Grabbing each other and getting them down by the crotch. That's what you're upset about. This football cram. You don't know who I'm talking about? No, we don't. Tim. Tim Horton. Boy, does he make a good donut? Erwut, huh? He can do a real good donut. So anyway, speaking about pooping in your pants. Yeah, we're going to have a donut on the seat. That's what my mother says. She's big. She's very not only big in the bomb movements, but also the accompaniment, the accessories. You know what I mean? No. Don't go. Oh, yeah. Haven't you ever got it like a big department store and have like a BM accessories? Like they have the rubber ring to put on the seat. Oh, yeah. The, uh, the condom. Right. The, the seat. Which does nothing. Let me ask you about that. If you're asked is, uh, insulated. A little bit to carry the way on this now. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'll tell you a calm mom. She'll tell you. All right. Mom's no. Yeah. Do know it. Which in these to be most humiliating to poop your pants in public, which some of us have done. We're proud to tell you that. We survived it. 59. To be discovered as a pedophile 47 like Reverend Jones. What the pickup. It's to be, would to pickup a turns out to be a she mail 24. To be a straight guy caught having sex with another guy. 23, especially if you're on your cell phone. Uh, to fart during sex 17. To have a very premature ejaculation 10 to fart on an elevator only three to pop a big Woody in public. Still only has a pair. And only one to be discovered is a cross dresser. This audience liked that whole cross dress. I think they're trying it. I think you know, we'll go out there and try it right now. See, did I see we're going to, I don't want to, you know, pick on Scott. Did I say we do screen list? I want to clock. I got a little call taken a mall on hold. He put him up because I scared the audience into colonel. He scared to we might get to some. We might have your answer. What's that? Kurt Thomas. That's it. Kurt Thomas. Nice. Thank you. Who called that? Scott called that in. He just remembered it. Scott. Nice. Scott. Scott. Scott. It's about time. He did something useful. So even couple of weeks. Number 22. Tony Nathan. Thank you. Just 20 to, it's been a long time. How many years since he played? I've turned me. Been a long time since the little Mark is piggy piggy. You know, he was one of those guys who tried and by the way, Mo has got a sexual fetish, would you feel her that, that isn't just a joke. I heard a report Scott was telling this morning, I can't believe it. The obsession at Mo has got, j you better watch yourself. Okay, bring your copies when you're in a game because if no comes charge now that booth at half time, your ass is in deep, uh, jeopardy. The hardest 12 ditches in football. That's what he wants. Love it 27 at 5.60 WDQM it's not hard. It's easy to get the brand these because they're at the same great location they've been doing it right for over 25 years in South Florida. What are they doing right there? Taking care of you and your feet. They got the top names in the shoe business. They got rock ports, echoes, no fist, no tibular, and cars, SAS floor shim. All the names you know and love. The top names, no crap. And they have all the big sizes and little sizes too. Men's, I think Kurt Thomas had tiny feet. They got men's sizes 6 to 15 women's 5 to 12 and wits from the very narrow to the very wide. And of course because they got over 40,000 pairs in stock in their 8,000 square foot mega store, you can bet Scott Junior's life on it that exactly what you're looking for is in stock in your size ready to pop on your feet. Brande shoes, the best shoe store in town that we're 1290 North Federal Highway in Paparotech, open daily 9 to 9 Sundays 10 to 5. And the end of the summer sale continues that brande's 30 to 50% off on all famous brands, rock ports. Brande says more styles and how's that anybody in town. SAS largest selection in South Florida as you'd expect new balance all sizes from narrow to wide in stock with in the slap on your feet and floor shim over 4,000 pair in stock. If you want to treat your feet right, if you want to beat your feet on the Mississippi of the House Echo, then head for Brande's in Paparotech. You're supposed to be a 5-6-year-old. Yo, let's rate more 3-0 big shot. On the moon that's now we've asked the time away in the geo jail of ours. Hi, are you a male of an alternative lifestyle or a heterosexual male who's willing to pretend to be one, then we need you. Who are we? We are the alternative lifestyle and semi-alternative lifestyle casting agency. With reality shows and sitcoms being the last heterosexual than ever, we really could use your present on them. The alternative lifestyle and semi-alternative lifestyle casting agency will put you on one of the current 998 network program that are likely to suffer a rating secret of they don't start cleaning it up post-says. Am I right, darling? Absolutely. We're going to be holding casting calls in your area soon. So get those 8x11 black and white glasses together along with a list of all the previous episodes of Quayworth spoke that you've appeared on it while as any villain great cameo for two ever made because we think we can make you us. So what do you say? Let's do it together. Let's make you a happy baby. Oh, that's good. 11. 32 or 5. 60. W.M. Happy Wednesday. I got the window and I yelled out of the street. I said, how many straight people have gotten to battle this week and they said, Bob, third man. Christian radio employee charged with child pornography. I'm going to read that again a couple minutes. No, it just really makes my day. You know, go ahead, a punk. 201 votes on here, which of these would be the most humiliating to poop your pants in public 63 to be discovered as a pedophile 48. To be a straight guy, quite having sex with another guy, 26. To pick up a turns out to be a shemail 24 to fart during sex. Funny. That a very premature ejaculation only 12. I thought that would do better when you know we're not talking about alone. We're not talking about when you buy yourself to fart on elevator 4 to pump a big Woody in public has got three. Can we discover this across just only got one? Oh, I'm telling you man, it's big. It's the end thing. Let's have a convention. Here's the a song, where I say hello. Hello? Yes, sir. How are you? I'm doing it. Hello? Yes, I'm speaking to me, sir. Tell me something. Okay, I just want to make a request. Would you play that to make on a woman? No, no, we're not playing that to make in woman. What is going on here today? I thought yesterday we crossed the line. Did the demarcation put out yesterday was phenomenal. And all of a sudden you people are regressing back into the stone age. Jesus, K Christen Mary, what kind of crap all is this? Could you play a recletten? No, we couldn't play no recletten by the way. Would you make in women's suck, okay? That's probably why he likes him. There are condescending thereup noxious. They make me nauseous. There might be a couple of exceptions. I have met him yet. He was one in my bank there. I better speak night. I don't think she's there anymore anyway. In fact, did you make him, did you make a woman in my bank? Well, I don't want to go in there. Because they're kind of finally straight in the racked out for a little while. Yeah. Well, why? I've got all this stuff and I'm not doing it because I'm getting, I'm sucking myself into like Ron's Jeremy into like taking phone calls. No, it's bad. It's a stupid thing. These people have nothing to say. Like some miracle happened during the summertime and all of the studies people are, I mean, even the stuff that we have on this poll, they should engender. You say that should stimulate. I have a lot of God conversation. But I'm like me who's the honest guy that tells you a story's about. I put my pants in a hotel and roam and I put my pants in a car in a Corvette on the way home one day. I mean, these things happen. You know, Schmidt happens literally. You pop the Woody while you were swimming naked with your schoolmates. Yeah, five times. Oh, and we'll say this. I was speaking to Woody. So I mean, with me, you would never notice. You couldn't tell. You couldn't tell. I know what you're laughing about. You couldn't tell. If it was one skinned out of shorts, you couldn't tell. You didn't have your, so fat when you were a kid that you had a man. Giant, I did you. Anyway, there was a kid named Bob with a spoon who was in my high school class in Canada, when New York at Canada day, where academy. I was obsessed. I was obsessed with a lot of you guys in my high school class. Had some good looking. A lot of all white people in the Canada day. That's why so many of them were good looking. I'm sorry. That's in Jews too, right? Two. I didn't maybe half a dozen. I would stop side tracking. Bob with a spoon wasn't Jewish, but anyway, he was hot. Okay. So, Bob with a spoon along with like 20 or 30 other guys. Bob, third man. And one day we're in a home room. Is that what they call a home room? No, no, no, no, no. What do they call it in between class? And between class? No, no, but I'm talking about the study. Home study, what does study call? Yeah. The bell rings, time to get up and go to class and some with next month. And Bob with a spoon isn't like in the aisle next to me. It gets up and I see in his pants. Holy, Toledo, I thought somebody stuck their hockey stick in there. I thought he was on his way to baseball practice and he was bat in his pants. The loonies. And of course, when a guy gets up like that, he walks very stiffly. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, no pun intended. As in stiffler, yeah, he was very stiff. It's hard. And he walks. I just sat there just when my jaw was done to my toenails. I couldn't believe it. I said, holy Toledo. And then Rick, we've restored a line for me. God, all might I'll never forget that is on. I'd, you know how many years ago that was talking about. I haven't remember you're important things. See to me, that is important. Yeah, that's very important. Let's see, I would have been in 1958. I want to say. So that's 42, that's 45 years ago. I remember Bob with this pun's E-reption from 45 years ago. I guarantee he don't remember it. I'd be like that. But I do because it was like a turning point in my life. I took a turn for the worst. What grade was that? What grade was it? I was like a sophomore in high school. Or maybe a junior. I remember things were earlier than that. Huh? No, I don't say. I don't remember. I don't remember things from earlier than that. It might have been a junior. Get the funny junior. That's what I was trying to do. But move too fast, even with that problem in his pants. Anyway, I just mentioned that. But there's all these other ones on here. And you would think, and of course, nobody in this audience is going to call in and say, oh, yeah, well, I was, I'm married now. But I was caught with an encounter with another guy, like in a tea room somewhere. Nobody's going to call in and say that. But everybody's going to recognize their voice. They'll go home and get an nasty divorce. They'll get slapped over and over to baseball that. And that'll be the end of that. And then we'll get blamed for it. We'll put them through the shredder if they call. Because one thing we've discovered, you want to like to fat stuff. This audience lies on the earth. One of the very few people who had met the foibles, you know, with all the, uh, the nestly turtle ice cream. You see, these people are so much better than we are, so much whole year than we are. They'll so much more on a straight and narrow path. You know, they're full of crap. I seen most of you people. You're fat. You're disgusting. I think it's a great idea that I am, which is saying a lot. Right. You're doing drugs and cheating too. Right. But all know, not these upstanding folks. Here's Fort Lauderdale, huh? Hello, Neil. Good morning. Yes, sir. I had a real life embarrassing moment about a month ago and a four-later, a bar. I was punched in the face by a girl. Really? Yeah. That was kind of embarrassing. She was not a small girl. She was like junior stay on a draft. Like dinner. We know, yeah. Yes. She was very large. So, me, chorus and time of dying. I can't strike a girl. So, all I could do was tell on her and it could three pounds or so. We're not in a hard-working schedule. She punched you. First I'd knock her a lights up, man. I was like, I didn't know, but, you know, I really couldn't do that. Yeah. But I thank you very much. You got to do a great job. Never retired because I'm not after retired because I've nothing to do all that. Thanks a lot, Pal. Thanks. Don't take any crap from those abulbikes, okay? Look at that phone. It's just, it's tragic. It's very weak. I'm giving up. Because I only got a little over and I would have killed here to let one of our clock out. I would rather not waste. I mean, this guy was okay. He admitted his boy. Right? That was good. There's a lot of punch down by some bull-dike. Can I go to the KDR and the Colvas? Can you imagine, Jenner, we know we're taking a swing. I'd like to see her take a swing at Sister Jean. I'd like to see the two of them get in with her. She's going with Sister Jean. Yeah. What? Twenty-two known at five, sixty, WQM and the stop board is in a coma again. Oh, boy, how's sad? How a very sad. By the way, the answer to phone Scott, no screenless. Why? Okay. Now I'm trying to keep my list to. See this will be doing an issue. We lie number 21. Yeah, number 21 up your ass. Fid there, done that. Oh. VIPsportsports.com is South Florida's best sportsports. See, I don't care about football. I do like the Patriots a lot. I learned right. Shouldn't say I don't care about. I do. But just not to the extent that you lose your net play scare about these things. It's not important anymore. In fact, as you get older, you realize there's only two important things in life. Okay. And I don't want to hear about friends and love. I mean, you know, all of those, that's fine. Money in sex, in either order, whichever, you know, that's it. That's all that's all that's all. That's important. As you go, and you get to be an old fart like me, you realize that's all accounts. I was going to talk about people who pay for sex because that's, that's, I don't know, makes you feel unclean, you know. And if it's unclean, you don't want to touch it. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. If you have a lot of money, you can go to the website. What was your job? What do they do it? How do they do it? Which is equal to Mickey and Announcement? I'd have a feeling it would be more fun jobs, several more fun frames. Some more fun frames. I would say E equ happier. I'd be concerned about the same. would say equally amusing. I know I'm a sponge. I know I'm a mouse. See any similarity there? Uh-huh. Anyway, 560, 750, 50, pound, 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line. That line I and Delray Beach do we is. Here's Delray Beach. Hello. Oh yes. Yes sir. The AFA is they have a pedophile in their ranks and we get a straight and this is same group that goes after you and Howard Stern all the time. Yes. Gee, what sort of looking for? Oh, hypocrite. That could be. Wonderful. As far as your pole goes, I would need all the bug choice except for the pedophile and the in-cold and sickle guy thing because I've come pretty much guilty of all these including the almost picking up a shemail which I almost did once. Now wait, you're guilty of all these? You're a pedophile? No, no, no, no, no, no. Oh, I see. No, except for that in the sex with the... Oh, okay. Because I almost picked up a shemail a couple of years ago. I'll be damned. I was that I'm barring down in water down and I turned out to be a lesbian bar and I was talking to this chick and I'm like, okay, she's hot and I'm staring at her, you know, crack. And she turns around and I'm like, oh nice. But and then she turns around again. I'm still staring at that area and I'm like, oh my god. Oh my god. Exactly. Oh yeah. Wait a minute. Oh, we're supposed to have that. Oh. Yeah. Yeah, that kind of is a bull kill. Oh, thank goodness you discovered it just before you got her hands home. Oh, yeah. And arrested it too. Mm-hmm. Did you hear the story of from the Houston Chronicle? Maybe she was a swimmer. You're going home. Oh, maybe. It was a diver. What's your body built it? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Like I've told you many times before, once you're born, they don't give her crap about you. It's those unborn fetuses that they're obsessed with. Well, have a great day, pal. And watch out for that dangerous ass. All the stem cell research down the drain. Right. Good luck. Have a good one. See, bye bye to bush. No bush. I like that post fetus. I'm a good person for children. That's what those starving children are always in. fetus fetus. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Me, old Demi. That sounds like you. Great. Hey, I got an idea for a poll. Why don't you ask people why they come back? Why they come back to what? Stop Florida? Yeah. Okay. I mean, I mean, if people, that's interesting. Plow by, they come back. I guess, because they have to. Most of them, I remember me because they want to, but I think probably a lot of people because they have to. So bad don't one last thing. George, the embarrassing thing. No, this is the George sucks guy. When you just calm down, you're just so defensive about that. You make a like a prediction. Why are you the only one? 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless One. See, he's got a backward eye suck. And I'm proud of it. And I'm getting better at it all the time. Really? Yes. You think you'd have it. That was my dad. Perfect. Oh, down what? Here's Davey. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I enjoy your website. Will the Bushisms? Did you hear the new one last night? No. They said that we are wouldn't have frightened terrorism because car bombings are on the road. This came from the White House last night. Hmm. Hmm. Okay. That's pretty provocative. Maybe we want to run off the road. Maybe we want to move to Canada. Thanks for the good news, pal. Okay. See, they're trying. They're trying hard. Oh, that's good. What do you mean? The effort. I didn't know we appreciate the effort. We don't want to think that we don't reward the effort with the tremendous pat on a back and don't ever call us again. You know, we're delighted because we get the lines all that up here, which is good. We were the how many people are in town? I'm 30 man. We got half a month on the phone right now. Here's my me, beech, hello. If I have no control of my disciples when they call out, trying to stress the gain. Oh, God. Look, I didn't know who that was. Just sorry. Lacks just relax you too. I don't know. I just ask, okay. I'm relaxed. He's just he's just a, I'm not just he pathetic anymore. Lacks, I'd be on the floor. Oh, my God. Jones. Go away. Rimes with gay and away. To get levels. See, you're right. He's he's become so out of control now that all you have to quit mentioning his name. Okay. I have to get a little improvement. He calls it. Time's today. I didn't want to say it. You know, how major, major, major asshole. This man needs to be eradicated from the face of the globe. Don't ever go to the track again by the way, Dick Piber said he's going to throw your ass under the guy then. Soky. Don't talk about it. Here's my me, hello. My name is when he was here on. What is it? George turns me on. No, God. Here's having true hello. Haven't you heard? Oh, hi, New. Yes, sir. I'm not marching here. Here, what's going on when I tell him that time is to need to old man. He told me to. I thought I could throw. I should have knew that. I mean, I don't know. I'm going to pretty good job. Last summer. Okay. I was a young. I was a quick question for George. I'm the he mentioned the movie that made irreversible damage to him. And I've been trying to be reversible. It's called irreversible. Yeah. That's probably why he said it did irreversible damage. I could be making a rash judgment there, but it sounds to me like. Yeah. You got a rash about it from the tune. Whatever you do, don't get it. Don't watch it. Oh, it's not for the disease. Start for life. What's this? It's not irreversible. Right. For poor young. Okay. That's the end of this conversation. Thank you. I'm going to have an off-shirt about I didn't see it. Five six seven. Five six six. Five five six. Five five six. On the AT&T in Verizon wireless line, which of these would be the most humiliating to you? To probe your pants in public 88. And obviously I'm the only one who's ever done that. I'm a year. He's the Scotch Union. There's never done that. For all of those. I put my pants just today. You did? Yeah. And I sure. I'm going for that. Thank you. And I like George. Because I love where the Torne Q made me. I'm just going to ignore him. To be discovered is a pedophile 59. I hope he's not in a way we do that one. To be a straight guy caught having sex with another guy 35. To pick up what turns out to be a female 34. Although Scott probably would enjoy it. To fart during sex 25. That's an old brainer for him. To have a very premature ejaculation 14. To fart on an elevator seven. To be discovered is a crash dresser five and a pop a big woody in public. Only three. Which for some of us is impossibility. So it's one less thing to worry about. What do what is this story? Is he on doggy upwards again? What? Is he got all serious supply for today? Is he to the compass get it? Have a nice day. I want to know is he still doing an abiling at noon? Is he supposed to be out playing golf in the air? I was reading calls. He was reading calls. He was cutting spots. 560. 560. Pound 560. On a AT&T in Verizon wireless line 1156. 560 WQM. Your constipation station for the new millennium. When you got up this morning and took a deep breath. What are you breathing? If you're tired of the schmutz, the molds for the dust particles and everything else in your rear, there's something you can do about it. You have a mold problem that call us number. Tool-free 1-866-542-4995. That's the number 4 clean air restoration. If you have respiratory problems or allergies call 1-866-542-4995 now. You spend hundreds of thousands of dollars on your home, but maybe you spend not a dime to ensure that the air that you're breathing is clean. The air filter system on your AC, that is there. Protect the AC coils. Not to filter the air that you're breathing. Forget about that. There are HEPA filtered air handling systems. Do the job for you. They remove almost all airborne particulate including molds for us that can potentially produce micro-toxions. Takes away the animal-dandard dust mites and sexicide dust, yeast cells, skin flakes, building material dust all those grotesque things. Clean air restoration is less than insured. Their employees have been in the business for over 25 years, so you can be confident that we know they're crap. And right now, clean air restoration has a needle deal waiting for you. For just 1995, I'll conduct a visual mold assessment of your house. The Lenspeck-UAC unit, you're AC air ducts, your home-a-intereon attic. From there, that can suggest what you might need to make the ear in your home cleaner and safer, too. Clean air restoration. Handle, see? I'm getting choked up with that crap just thinking about all these things. Handle's mold-related insurance claims commercial residential projects, too. So, I'm probably glad you've your life by improving the quality of the air that you breathe. Call Clean Air Restoration right now, and they'll make your air fit to breathe. Call full-free, 1, 866, 542, 49, 95. My, and local, we're sports-win-U-56-U-A-M. This is Dick Kenny. I'd like to relax by having Mary Magdalene beside my balls while listening to the new writers, Well, the one hour. Hey, if you missed shock week, come to Discovery Channel. Fear not, for the next five days. We've got programming that's even more amazing and shocking. You're actually witness-attacks, Mighty, wall-in-tersend-the-a-case-home-making session of the world's oldest living animal. Discovery Channel presents, and the Looney Week. Do you ever know what is how many things open with top tops, they're so-and-beer, even slim-fast. That's the real diet plan. Just try to get into that can. You see the world's oldest living animal, why then complain about personally everything under the sun? Why is it the phone card always gets all twisted? Why do people put an empty milk cart in the fridge? And who came up with the idea of wearing underpants? Discovery Channel presents, and the Looney Week. Check local, or things with time and availability. Prop known as five, 60 WCWM, you know, that got a call to the suggestion for the poll. The more I think about it, like 10 or 20 seconds or maybe... But third of me! It's pretty stupid. Why do you come back? There's only one answer. I mean, no, no, seriously, they're come back because they live there because they work there because they like it because they have to... What do you mean? What do you mean? But you come back because you do. I mean, why do you take a crap because you have to. I don't understand that. See, leave the polls to me, okay, I'm a poll expert. Trust me. I know my poll. I'll take your word for it. Yes, trust you. You already know. Christian, radio employee charged for child pornography. I didn't read in the last hour. She should be well-wiplashed. She should be blonde and cordured. Tupel a Mississippi. A 47-year-old Tupel a man was being held in half a million dollars bond through his day last week after his arrest at a position of child pornography. Tupel a police detective Tim Tate said carried Wayne Stevens was arrested a week ago today last Wednesday after a raid on Steven's home in Tupel by police and FBI agents. Because the investigators ongoing take to climb to comment on what initiated the search warrant or what materials were seized from Steven's home. They did confirm that the threes found pornographic digital pictures of children. Steven's end employee of the Tupel-O based American Family Association faces up to 20 years in prison of convicted. For the past three years, Stevens has worked on the production staff for American Family Radio, which operates more than 140 radio stations in 29 states. Patrick Vaughn, general counsel for the AFA, said the FBI notified the Association of Stevens arrest last Wednesday, but no action has been taken regarding Stevens and Plym with the AFA, where praying for Dwayne and his family bond said any incident as a reminder of the destructive nature of pornography. AFA has been identified against pornography since 1979 because pornography is so destructive to individuals families and societies said, we like to remind everyone that they need to be on guard against pornography's addictive lure. There you go American Family Association, and the interesting part about this is this to me is a major major story. Because we're on to them, we've had our experiences with a Florida Family Association and the American Family Association. All these people want to drive everybody off the earth, including yours, truly anybody that might say crap. We even take one. Yeah, they're a whole year that all arrest of us, okay, but come to fight out just like Jim and Tammy Fay, just like Jimmy Swagger, just like Charles Keating, just like all of these other fakeers, man, or a bunch of snake-roll salesmen. There are a bunch of freaking hypocrites. Just like the Catholic Church, just like the Pope, think of more skeletons rattling around to God name cousin, then you'll find in a morgue. Absolutely. I'm a separable. So we just mentioned that in passing for the 20th or 30th time. Meanwhile, yes Scott, back at the ranch. Scott's a colonial. Yes, I'm breaking news. Yes, I have a Mohour bit here. Arthur, we're going to see you pooped in your pain. Okay, let's hear it. All right, did that fire it. Let's roll it. Oh, he doesn't know which butter press yet. Oh. Well, look, good news is he's got it there. The bad news is he doesn't know how to plant. Here comes. 178 to WQM. Absolutely. Howard David Steve Goldstein. QAM. Yeah. Paul is just perfect because I don't care who's calling Rick wait for us. I was at a waiting on the lines. I don't care who's calling. That's what anybody's called because we have a kicky in Amber from the dolphin cheerleaders squad. Now, Amber's a vet. She's been on the squad for years. So she's probably 78 years old, right? Oh, yes. She was real. Maybe now, 24, 25. That's it. You did. You started when you was 17 as a cheerleader. Is that legal? Did you go to school? I went to high school. I was going to high school. You had to be 18 by the first game. So I turned 18 in May. Really? I was going to get a kicky in the NFL. You got to stand up at functions and sing around the modna. You got to like, shut the bands. You got to like, you know, did the go for stuff. You don't have to do any of that when you're cheerleader. No, no. You wouldn't anyway. I wouldn't do any of that. You get a case of the two. What did you say? I'm not carrying that. How are you? I'm pretty much, yeah. I need a strong woman. Here's the question I asked. Like that. Early on this morning, we know you're going to have you ladies in the house. Like at the end of the preseason game. Does nobody in the stands support court. Nobody cares. If you just want to go for it. Why continue to cheer and go on ponds and on what are why? What's up with that? You can't hear on your team. You don't know what their game's over. Nobody cares. In the game at that point. Why are you still announcing the game? Men at that point. Because I have to get all they have to do is they're job. I know what do you do with the same enthusiasm. Like a drinking season game. Definitely. You're talking about the world. If they win, it can be. It does. It does. They don't care about the season. I made a statement earlier. And gold he wasn't sure because he hasn't been all over the place. But I think the top and cheerlead is as a group. Probably the hottest group that there is in the NFL. True false. I would like to think so. You said all the sports. Well, all the sports. Some of those basketball dance teams come on now. Well, the heat girls are pretty good. The heat girls are very good. No way. You got something to say. It's fine. You think the heat girl. We don't compete with the home team. You don't compete with the home team. You don't compete with the home team. You don't compete with the home team. You don't compete with the home team. You don't compete with the home team. You don't compete with the home team. You don't compete with the home team. You don't compete with the home team. You don't compete with the home team. You don't compete with the home team. You don't compete with the home team. You don't compete with the home team. You don't compete with the home team. You don't compete with the home team. You don't compete with the home team. You don't compete with the home team. You don't compete with the home team. You don't compete with the home team. You don't compete with the home team. You don't compete with the home team. You don't compete with the home team. You don't compete with the home team. You don't compete with the home team. You don't compete with the home team. You don't compete with the home team. You don't compete with the home team. You don't compete with the home team. You don't compete with the home team. You don't compete with the home team. You don't compete with the home team. You don't compete with the home team. You don't compete with the home team. You don't compete with the home team. You don't compete with the home team. You don't compete with the home team. You don't compete with the home team. You don't compete with the home team. Jesus, Kate Christen. And he's wondering why he's got a point nine share and for us got a 9.1 in the 6 to 10 segments. Point nine for Mo 9.1 for Farell to combine for us at 10 points. Now this is a fancy dish. Seriously, is that the most terminal thing you ever heard in your life? What? I'm sorry. Exactly. I just got back. Here's a fact that says this is for the chicks. Walking out in public and probably noticing that you have red stains on your white pants as in that time of the month. Or a guy who's in a party and comes out of a make out session and annoying we show the guest list that he just got his wings. I saw many years ago. Oh man. Yeah. Yeah, that's that's that's embarrassing. Yeah. Okay, that's good. But we're not adding anything else to the poll. These people are never saying that we have no advantage. But way worse. Right. Oh, no mother could be like a whole bunch of these. But third man. And I think we got more than that. Yeah. But the whole just fine. Independent review urge over x priest murder. But this is just what is about father Gagan. Who shared the part of the prison with Joseph Drew's 37 who's sitting in life sentence for a 1988 killing of a man who was almost sexual. Through stuck into Gagan's cell, gender, cheper me inside. And methodically killed as victim and a protective custody, why that was being watched only by one guard who was busy eating lunch officials said. And just coincidentally looking that the way for a very long time. Hey, look at that. Our response was right. Yes. I'm not seeing bastard. Nice gone. Speaking of Nazi bastards, Paul Hills going to die tonight at 6 p.m. Which we say, yeah, another good, another good moment. It's a happy day. Paul Hills never let any doubt about his feelings on the subject of killing abortion doctors. He was all for it. This is in the Washington Post. Justifiable homicide to protect unborn children. He called it. He made his case so often on television talk shows in the newspaper interviews. They became one of the leading voices in support of Michael Griffin, the chemical plant worker who committed the nation's first abortion clinic murder in Pensacola, Florida in 1993. It's kind of a Florida-ephan thing, you know. Three months after Griffin's life sentence for murder in 1994, he'll run from commentator to killer. He fired a 12 gauge pump action shotgun to a pickup truck. Outside the ladies' pumpkin Pensacola, killing physicians John B. Britain 69, and security escort James H. Barrett 74. He'll now 49 and so unrepentant that he said that he would kill again, a scheduled dive by injection tonight. Six o'clock tonight, by the way, sit your clocks. Sity alarm for party time for the double murder. Varring a stay, he'd be the first person you asked history to put to that for killing an abortion provider. And of course, knowing Governor Jab, you think there's going to be a stay for this son of a bitch? No. Finally, we can agree with something on Jab about, you know what I'm saying? Finally, goes to show you, to throw enough crap up in the air. Speaking of pure plan, that seclusion of the Florida State Prison in Stark is drug new attention to the extremist groups that advocate violence to stop abortion that is sending pulses of anxiety to the nation's 450 abortion clinics. You can smell it. Extra security precautions being put into place at claims today, and anticipation of a possible backlash from some radical anti-abortion activists inspired by Hill, who has been labeled a murder and a two American hero on websites run by groups such as the Millet and Army of God. It conducted a group interview today on the eve of his execution, smiling and appearing, composed and footage of the prolonged session of the Northern Florida Prison. I expected great reward in Heaven Hill said, I'm looking forward to glory. Hold. I don't feel remorse. People have asked me if I would do it again. If I was putting a similar circumsize, I believe it would act similarly. Well, eight that great. Huh? I say, let's deep fry him. Okay. Let me ask you something. In batter. Because you guys are shared death threats here and everything like that. If you ever decide to engage a security escort like this guy had, like the abortion doctor had, and they said a 74 year old guy. Because the guy is, he's, he didn't see what I'm saying. A 74 year old body. Oh, a lot of thing I was 24. I mean, you know, it's kind of hard to be a security guard when somebody is, you know what I'm saying? But how effective is a 74 year old son? But on the other hand, at least a 74 year old guy lived long-forged life. A 74 year old guy would have died in a 40 year old age, or a waste of a young life. What can you do with it? Just died behind him? Plus the 24 year old guy might look pretty good too. Johnny Depp, who still looks pretty good, says US is like a stupid puppy. Absolutely correct. In Berlin. My good-class personal friend, Holly was star Johnny Depp said today. The US was a stupid aggressive puppy and would not live there. Not the US until it's interesting. Because I'm not there, so I can say would not live there until a political time had changed. The 40 year old actor, who stars in the power to the Kirby and told the German news magazine Stern, he was happier staying in the South of France with his wife, the French actress, and singer Vanessa Paradise and their two children. He said he spends a lot of time in Paradise. America's dumb, it's like a dumb puppy that has big teeth that can bite and hurt you aggressively. My daughter is for my boy is one. I'd like to see them America. I'd like them to see America as a toy, a broken toy. Investigated little check it out, get this feeling and get out. Check it out, get this feeling and get out. So the star of the offbeat films, Edward Siserham's and Deadman, and of course, no forget it's wood. Depp slammed George W. Bush's administration for its criticism of French opposition to the US war in Iraq. I was ecstatic they renamed French fries as freedom fries. Grown men and women in positions of power in the US government showing themselves as idiots he told Stern. Always like that Johnny Depp. Hey, Scott and Johnny. What did I tell you about him? He's a good kid. Yes he is. Like him a lot. River Phoenix don't like him too much anymore, but that's, you know, his own doing. He wasn't responsible for it. You think? No. And even if he was. Although he knew, now was a Johnny Depp that was like busted up motels and stuff right. He went through that phase, you know. I forgot. No, seriously Johnny had a little bit of a phase there. A little bit of a problem. I'm sure he paid for it. Good man. No Johnny Depp. We loved Johnny Depp on his show. No one. He's dead. He's 40 years old. Do you know how depressing that is? So let's say if he's 40, he was on my show on set in 87. So that's 1360 year. That means he was 24. What was I just getting through said about body guards? Red AIDS. What did I get? 24. My psychic powers once again. No, no, no, no. Absolutely shocking. 24 is a good age. Yeah. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. So for anything. I mean, the guys girls. Hmm. She's, he's, he's, he's, Animal. Animals. 24 is a damn good age. Do you know what? I've just seen I wonder what the oldest dog ever was. That's a good question. Because little dogs him was like 18 or 20. I'm sure they're like, I really don't think. I don't think so. They're getting us booked unless to have a record somewhere. Yeah, let's find out. Just out of curiosity. 12, it's past noon at 5, 60 WKM. If you're in a really crappy job. If your bosses are major asshole. If you're making nickels and dimes and peanuts. You don't have two nickels to rub together on payday. How'd you like to have yourself a new high paying career before the year ends? You can do it. I'll get to do his call our friends at fast rain and get started. Call him toll free. 1, 8, 6, 6 fast train. Fast drink and heavy train in 2 to 5 before years. And the demand for computer professionals is growing like wildfire. So there's no better time than right now to get you a new high paying career. Get out of your rut. Get out of that dead end. There's nothing worse like Moses than having a dead end. Fast train offered job placement assistance. Convenient dating weekend schedules. And with sick locations all over the state there's about to be a fast train near you for in South Florida. Fast train offers financial assistance to people who qualify. So call fast train today. You can really and seriously and truly change your life for the good. Call 1, 8, 6, 6 fast train. That's 1, 8, 6 fast train. There's not any excuse no longer to stay muted and job any more. Check them out of the web at fast train. Come and do yourself a big favor. Call them tool free. Ask away. Call 1, 8, 6, 6 fast train. My life and low. This is 4, 25, 60. You wait. You wait. Pull. You default on NVC. From the makers of the summers. Roll away, hit. Queer eye for the straight guy. Comes a brand new program. It's straight eye for the queer guy. Hi guys. I'm Trevor. Oh, what is this thing up in here? What is this? Smells like flowers or something. It's my Popeye ring. Oh, poor ring. Let me help that smell out. I am gold. That's disgusting. It's bitter, Charlie. Yeah. Thank you very much, Fred. Oh look at the clothes. He's got everything. What kind of on the pants is this? He means a cabin climb. Ah, where's the bacon strip? Peking strip. You know, it's skinmark. This is too clean. You can't have this kind of under. You know, what kind of pants are you wearing anyway? It's gar pants. Rock pants. It gets messy. It gets messy. When I get Ellen's hair, you look like a frugal party. No friends there. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Charlie, look at these CDs. Look at this. Let's size stories. Sound them music. Oh, come on. Brody, go. And Barry Manalo. Bob is strikes in lies and manally. Where is your rush? Where is your exact way? Where's your Metallica? Where's your ACDC? I don't know what you're talking about. Man, you gotta get some real pooms up in here. Let's check out the refrigerators. You can't afford you. Oh, what is this, Perry? That's Perry A. Perry, you're what? What the hell is that? It's sparkly water. It's sticky water. Why is your butt wiser in your one onion? Well, then in the sofa cushions. What is that? There's nothing there. Exactly. Why is your cheese noodle? Why is your fritos? Why is your various saves? I told you I don't eat that kind of stuff. I try to keep very healthy. And you know what? Where's your bone? Where do you keep it? My what? Your bone for your weed. No, I don't have that, but I have one of these. Oh, cheese. All right, that's what I do at a line. Oh, don't bring that thing to him. Let's check out the bathroom here real quick. Oh, he mows it. What is all this shampoo condition? Cream rinse. What is this? You're my hair and make a sign. I'm sorry, Bailey. Look, all you need to borrow lava. That's right. Good at it. And you're working through your hair. You're all done. And watch his everything. Get your pants to get you undercarriage. Come here. Everything. All right, such a stuff. Your face. I'm a so strong. Very soft. Isn't he? I mean, time to date you cave. Three. Oh, once a week. Pop. Unless you got a funeral or something. Once a week, that's it. You're going to ruin your skin. Okay. It's straight. I for the queer guy. This fall. I'm NBC. Let me show you. You got a bedroom. Oh, geez. I'm a little nervous going in here. Here we go. Charlie, look at his bed. It's right. Oh. I'm a little bit nervous playing at thing. 12 18 at 5 60 WDQ. I am this fact. You just sent me about the first new US Roman Catholic University in 40 years. Opened to Naples Florida. Do you know how old that story is? How many months old that? About third man. I mean, just open. But we knew about that. Yeah, in Naples. I'm a Maria University of the nation's first new Roman Catholic University in four decades. Opened to day with a mass attended by the 101 students at its temporary campus. This is over in Naples Florida. On a west coast of Rory, a gavers are. The University was established by Domino's piece in a water domino's sucks so bad. Domino's pizza found her Thomas and Monahan, who devoted himself to Roman Catholic consistency sold a pizza chain in 1998. And his pizza sucks. It blows. It's an extraordinarily exciting day because it's a combination of a year long effort. University president Nicholas J. Healy said in a relation to Maple Leaf, former gold tender and now broadcast to Glenn Healy. It's a very satisfying achievement. Classes of the New York neighborhood. The name of the North Naples. That goes on about this crap. Bob Clatt. No relation to hockey player Trent Clatt. A 19 year old sophomore who transferred to the College of DuPage of Glen Ilano, Illinois City. First heard of I.M. Maria University. I was profiled in the cover of a Catholic magazine. I thought, wow, this is everything I wanted. Clatt said he's not put up by the small student body. Archived for those small student bodies, man. Priest probably like it. Easy to molest a small student body. Then a big, butch macho student body. I'd beg when you think. 560560 pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon. Who might take a couple more calls before one or clock? One or two hour come out of its big. It's humongous. It's growing like topsy. We got your marriage to two. The Humper is in the studio. How many weeks has it been since Hank that he showed in that studio? About 30 minutes. Well, God Almighty has been in Vegas. He's been on vacation. This man is on a perpetual vacation. And it's still getting paid the same for like doing a couple hours today. Some days want to. Yeah. He's got a softer deal than I got. Man, softer what? Something. Taked between 4 and 630. Ever to one two soft when he was out there in Vegas, man. He's probably getting some serious action. You can even end the cut action. He was getting it. Well, almost. 4 to 630 the Humper show 630. We got Marlon's on deck. Let's get a few people in that fogging. I mean, I don't really give a flying crap about the Marlon's. You know that about baseball in general, but I'm embarrassed and humiliated and haven't lived a long time nearly. About 3 to man. Years in that town. To see the way, I mean, this team is surprised everybody. It kicked ass. They're tied for a wild car lead in the National League. And there's 10,000 people to see Don Trevula slash that. And you want it to go. You've lost a couple of games. You got blown out. And wow, we don't carry. Plus there's nobody there. I'm sitting here, busted. I don't know how we had such a good show yesterday. That was an admiration. I think a lot of calls, if you recall. Oh, that's right. No, seriously. There's nobody there. When they held in. I don't want this business. Well, why did they come back? That is a good question, but not for a pull. Why would anybody in their right mind come back unless they positively had do? I don't know. What is Paul Hill in Pensacola floor? Yeah. Right. That's where he was. Oh, yeah. Why am I? I'm embarrassed. Because I was actually watching the Wolf Blitz Creek on CNN. I don't watch CNN or MSNBC. Maybe three minutes a week. Hops. I watched the CDC and the BBC and CFTO and City Post. I get some real quick news. And then I go on the internet. Don't forget that great website. I found what was it. Internet in put. Will you show up? Internet in Patelle's news wise. Yeah. I asked what was it. Those are a total question. I was asking myself. Because I didn't figure you wrote it down. Internet in Patelle's news wire. Really good stuff. For those of you with a brain who don't believe all the furry tells in the bullcrap, who realize that someday we're all going to die. And there's no heaven. And there's no hell. And there's no god. And there's no angels. And there's no bullcrap. And there's no purgatory. You want to close this thing to hell. You people in South Florida believe me. Just look around. You're in it. You're like a furnace. Like a furnace. Like a steamy furnace man. Don't forget on you young kids out there. The skippin school today. Listen to that show and it's a good choice. The religious people are the dangerous people. And if you have parents that try to like drag you to church to show any of that crap. Just tell them. Bug off. Lunatic. You asshole. Leave me alone. I'm going to sue you ask for parental malpractice. That's what you ought to tell them. And I still say the fact that those Orthodox Jews are putting those schmothas on the kids make it. They can go to school like a bunch of little freaks. It makes me want to cry. It makes me want to shed a tear or two or three. How you going to hide the devil hoard to doubt that thing. Seriously. Well, what kind of crap is that if you want to do that isn't adult when you've already made your own choice of fairy tales from the amino of ATUZ, a one from Colombe and one from Colombe Z. Whatever. But don't force your kids to do that. But this is what happens to the world because they start start brainwashing them at the earliest possible. It just like an M will be dogma with Vin and the map. Yeah. Vin and Matt. You know, he is really bent out like his really annoying now. Yeah. I used to like him a little bit. Not a lot. Oh, you were the one. You're not saying I liked him a lot. But he was in a couple of humovies. The one with Sandra Bullock that thing and Chicago were as a nature. Right. He was in a couple of humovies. But generally speaking, he's now really annoying. And at Jalo and Vin. Yeah. He was a little bit like a little bit like a little bit like a little bit like a little bit. He was in a couple of humovies. But generally speaking, he's now really annoying. And at Jalo and Vin. Yeah. And we know the thing never even saw each other naked. I guarantee if you've ever seen a penis in her life, he's a dick. And then she never saw him naked. And in fact, they're there. They're there when they before this big thing with a stripper is now a set of bull crap, which is more balloony to try to convince us how straight he is. They were building this big complex in Atlanta was going to be like a gone with a wind. But that was the name of the thing. The place where the big guy. Right. I thought she was on smallville. But anyway, and then we're going to have like separate houses, which nobody bothered talking about. What's your like about a mile and a half away? That's even better than the separate. Kind of like an Eleanor Franklin Roosevelt. The only difference is that they did it a few times because they had about 50 kids. But then after that, they kind of went their separate ways. There is no way that anybody will ever convince me that Jalo isn't a dick. Okay. With a big fat ass, which you know, guys like not just Cuban guys either. Guys in general like a big fat ass. That's why fat boys get in so much action. And that's why the beast is getting so much lately. Right. So, Clarence said, You said, boy, there's some real heavy duty meat to grab a hold of there. You know what I'm talking about? No. And he was talking about on the ass end by the way. Of course. Oh, see. Oh, this is a great fact from Richard. Since you've come clean, I thought I didn't admit to a poop story myself. Oh, I, you know something. I'm going to tell again my poop story is after the break. Okay. Because this audience here's we finally got one guy that's honest. He says I've had several. One was particularly embarrassing as I was sort of caught. The town I was in college. I'm a way to a softball practice. And the urge hit me. It was a Sunday most buildings were locked. When I got close to the ballfields, I finally found a restroom that was open. But it was too late that image was done. I got under the stall started talking to myself. How could this happen? I can't believe this happened. Well, after I dispose of my underwear and got cleaned up, I realized that someone was in the stall next to me the entire time heard everything I had supposedly said to myself. Now that was embarrassing. And got my vote in a poll. Time. Richard evil. Thank you Richard. Thank you, Dick. Give you high marks. Give you kudos for being one of the few people in that. God forsaken place. That's got the ballfield mitt your human quarters. Okay. That's your human being. Christ. Oh, no, no. Nobody eats big tubs of ice cream like you do. Nobody is a big fat slob. You're the only fat person we know. You're the only one with no self-control. You're right. Right. So for a craft man, it's coming out of your nostrils. At least Dick there. It was coming out of other orphasids. Yeah, there's nothing worse than dry taking a big accident. It'll dump in the orphas. 26 past noon. Or can you imagine some of the people in that building if they did that? Oh, God. Don't make me mad at that. I don't want to start mentioning names. I've got so many gigantic net. Not just fat people, but I mean enormous people. Big huge people bigger than some cities that I know. I have. There you go. Oh. There is one. Wow. I see. I was so lucky that I wasn't there. Did they utilize? I know. We don't want to have an affair with us. What do you mean? We don't know what's in. Who else could have liked them? Well, that's how they found. Not turned mad. Well, we use the process of elimination. Yeah. And so did he. He just said your home fast, fast cash home buyers buys houses, fast, hassle free, fast cash home buyers buys houses in any condition. Location for any reason. He just said your house fast. Maybe your house needs a new roof flooring. Many other repairs are a new couple of turlets. But also a moneyway and costly repairs. Stop and call our good buddy Rod today at 1 8 6 6 7 8 5 fast. For no obligation hassle for you offer at fast cash home buyers. The hope you saw of your house problems. Maybe you've got a vacant house. Maybe you're a sick and tired dealing with a problem tenant. Maybe you're going through a rotten horrible divorce. Call fast cash home buyers. Maybe you're one, two, three or hundred payments behind or you inherited a property You'd like to unload. Fast cash home buyers can help you. Call Rod today at 1 8 6. See and notice how all this all fits in what we've been talking about. Rod and unload. Call Rod today. Call Rod today at 1 8 6 7 8 5 fast and let fast cash home buyers give you a piece of mind. Fast cash home buyers will buy your house today. And a good part of this deal is you won't have to pay a penny in real estate commissions How can you beat that. So call Rod. Tulfree and ask away. He'll give you all the info how this works. Call 1 8 6 7 8 5 fast 7 8 5 FAS T for a hassle for you offer. And let our friends at fast cash home buyers solve your house problems. And let's go. This is Fort Twidiel 5-6. You won't do anything. I pooped my pants. You thought the Louis Fair was big. Well you haven't seen anything yet. George Michael, boy George. The former members of Queen Elton Jonathan McPoey. All on one state is the pooped shoot riot tour. The pooped shoot riot tour coming to a stadium near you. Get your pooped shoot riot tickets. And all the tickets matter out loud. Pupped is on five six get kind of a crappy Wednesday. It seems to be the theme here today and appropriately enough. Yes, they had to be an aberration. Must have been. So how many more weeks we've got to go before anybody comes back in the time? I'm 30 man. Oh, here's lady with a poop store online. Hello. Oh, Neil. I've never told anybody the story before. This is excellent outstanding. Well, I remember when you you cut that cart or they listed that cart when you came in late and Rick and Suds had the wait for you to get in because you pulled your pants. Right. I remember that story. He too. Anyway. I don't think that's how the story went. But I mean, that's okay. I've different my pants. Wasn't it the day before? No, that was the day. You were late coming in and they had to fill in until you got on. Well, George is agreeing with you. You know what? I understand. What? you had two episodes. Why have more than two episodes, believe me? I mean, that I would. Yeah, you had one on the way into work and you were delayed because of it. Oh, I completely blocked that out of my mind. Welcome to your audience. I'm sure they do. Anyway, I worked outside and sometimes I'm not in the general area. Who? You're not in the hood, yeah? No, not in the hood of facilities. And I was out working in the night before. My husband had made a brownie recipe that called for a pound of butter. Oh, oh. So a brownie recipe. A brownie. What did I have for breakfast? Were you fudge back? I don't know. You know, I had a brownie for breakfast. It's a brownie house. Yes. It was my coffee. And I was about five miles from here to facility. Oh, God. I would on a job and I felt the urge. And you know that urge when there's nothing back. No point of return, right? So fortunately, this was kind of far out in the booties. It wasn't in a residential neighborhood. Mm-hmm. I was lucky enough to have a big gulp cup in my truck. And I had to use it. Oh, God. You had a cup in your trunk. Yeah. And yeah. That's how we can help now. Oh, God. That's how I saw them all would do. Well, you know, sometimes you just got to make do with what you do. You got to do what you do here. Unfortunately, I had a change of clothing also, which I'm curious with me. What a great idea. Yeah. And when I finished all that, I had plastic bags that I double bagged. And my underpants and my shorts and everything else. My next stop was a dumpster. And I was going to, I thought you were going to see, left it on your neighbor's, and brush that. It's like fire to it. And that grow. It would have been cute. Well, thanks for being honest. Okay. You've got it out of your system. You're a absolve now. I sure did. We bless you. Thank you. Have a great day. I'll do it again. How do you like that? That's great. How unlaidly like. But at least she had the balls to admit it. We remind that. Oh, holy, holy. Most of you guys out there, bunch of pussy's going to admit it. So let's see, I had the one episode that I don't remember what you're talking about, but I have to take your word for it. I had the one where I was driving home in my beautiful corvette that I referenced before. And I got very close to my house. I was like, I was like, at hiatus and sunrise, just on the others and the south side. And I'm approaching like halfway up the hiatus, which of course you got to drive slow because it's a speed track. That was a bad movement. And I got about halfway down the street. I thought to myself, because all the way from work from about just to turn bike. At that point, it was like pressure was building like the world was coming to win end. And I finally said to myself, who am I kidding? I'm never going to make it home. Right? So rather than city or in strain, have a damn heart attack, you know, or our stroke, try to repress when it's out, let it out. And I did. And then I turned to the rest. I don't want to repeat right. Okay, about my garage. Oh, gee. So that was one other one. Then there was the one. It then he's in Oakland many years ago, many, many years years ago. From, from Oakland to a Frisco, laid it night. I had a flight early in the morning. And I'm driving late at night and I get almost to the denies there. I saw it in the distance. I'm driving across that what do they call it, bridge? I don't know. I don't know. That's just something the cross, B bridge, whatever. I'll see the denies and I'm thinking to myself, oh, my goodness. There's a denies. I can make it. Guess what? I made it all right, right in my pants. Well, actually, I didn't. What I what happened was I got to the parking lot of the denies right and as I walked out for every step. It was an other one now. You know, squirts work, squirts work, squirts work, squirts work, squirts work, squirts work, squirts work, squirts work. So I get in there and with my luck, thank goodness, the rest room is on occupied. If it was occupied, I would have probably had a close. And I sit down and naturally what you do is you have to dispense to the underwear. Okay. Point. And you have to like kind of like bade yourself in the toilet with the toilet paper and the whole thing. They have to like do the best to tidy up. I guess. I hate to be the poor guy that went in the next. I did the best I could to like hide the underwear and the behind the bull. You know, to hold it behind the whole course. And bust, but it's never, never perfect. Poor Jennifer. So that was episode number three. Episode number four, not necessarily in chronological order was in Rome. You know what I say? It went in Rome, do the duty. I had a truck to read. And of course, if the truck to read is in Italy, that would drink a lot of that. I'll come in a rally. You know, trap up. Ha, no seriously. You drink a lot of that bottled water. And the pasta. And of course with me, I have that sensitive stomach with the irritable bowel. And I just a great meal. You know, a great lunch. And I'm walking back to our hotel. And at that point where the leg ran to hotel. A very, very overpriced old, but extravagant hotel. You know, I'm talking about one of those old, old, old, kind of place. And I'm thinking of myself. And I'm going to walk off. And I'm tip to link up the street to the leg ran to hotel. This is really the pressure. My ears are foaming. You could see the steam coming from the ears. I get to the hotel. And I'm thinking, I'm going to make it. And I get on the, and the old, old elevators. The small single elevator. You know, would the thing, and what? I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I'll make it for anymore. What? What the lever? Yeah. Something like that. And it finally comes down. And I get on the elevator. And I press five. I'm on a fifth floor. Okay. And we get to three. And I get to four. And I get to five. And I'm thinking, oh, it's because, because my room is only right down the hall. I'm going to, and I'm going to tip toe to the tool. I've just right out of my room. And I'm going to make it. Sure. I took the first step off the elevator and scored scored scored scored scored scored scored. Or every step I took was scored scored scored scored. Or man. But the good part about that is, I mean, first of all, you got to change your clothing and your hotel, obviously. And second of all, you got your nice shower. You got your bidet. Sure. Right. Good day. If you have a good boy, this is great. Well, at least I made it back to the hotel. So that was number four. I think that's it. Except for the one on the way to work that you don't remember. No, no, I counted that. That's one of the four. The one on the way to work, the one on the way home, the one on the one on the one in the room. So I'm trying to drop my spread it around the world a little bit from the west coast of the west to South Florida all the way to Italy. I don't think I ever, I know the reason I never put my pants in Amsterdam and boy, oh, I want to tell you, I had some closed calls, baby. Woo. I made some close calls because when we had the last department there was like a pretty good thing about a seven or eight minute walk from the tram. Okay. And you know, if you're on your way back home to walk to the apartment and you get off the tram and you got about a seven or eight minute walk and at that point, especially if you just eat the meal at horrible Dutch cuisine. Man, all man and you're like, tip to and and you get to the front door. I never, I never went over the edge. But at that point when you unlock your front door of your apartment and you walk in and you walk in like real gingerly, I mean, tenderly toward that magic room when you're fighting the natural urge that you're brain, the brain is always ahead of your body, the brain says, okay, you're home now. It's okay, loosen up and I don't do it now yet. Not yet. And Jorge, we call that barren shy. Whatever you call that, right? You're like a Yahoo, you know. Yeah. Oh, it's seriously. I mean, so I must have had a half a dozen episodes in Amsterdam where it came with an ace within a heartbeat of like doing the only. Oh, so only four. That's not too bad considering my age considering 100 years old. That's only like one every 25 years. Thank you for coming clean. Sorry, speak. That's what I always say. 20 to one at five, 60 WQM. We got a big one to two hour coming up. I'm going to play some heavy duty crap. I mean, we got to get off this crap talk. Two days in row yesterday we did the total toilets. And today we're doing like, Connor, look, it don't blame me because this is the one they picked out of the list. I got right. Two, four, six, eight, nine categories on there including a she males and pop and woodies and public and very premature calculations with the court. None of these guys are going to admit to that. Not these macho guys. What pop and wood and public? No, no, the premature ejaculation. Oh, yeah. Well, you know, the two, the two pump jumps is somebody I know would say. Some lunatic I know would say in the younger days. That's what I'm saying. Twenty to one is five 60 WQM if you're here is gone if it just down the old drain. You probably feel pretty bad about it because you don't look your best when you have trust me. See, my case, what am I getting a difference? I could have the best hair in the world. I still look like crap, but a lot of you guys out there would at bald spot. You want to look better. Charles Alfie, we're going to be doing it because he's designed and supplied her systems to show biz people and ordinary folks like you for over 35 years now. And Charlie offers you the most amazing natural airline system in the world. The difference between us and those mousey pieces is it looks like we're on air folks. That's right. No danger is drugs. No mousey waves. No plugs or holes in the head. But why speaking of plugs has to be stupid with his plugs. I hasn't gotten him. I don't think he's gone. Okay. Because Terence told me he just for Christmas bottom of brand new acto and buck plug. And right now Charlie's offering you a summer special hair system for only 549 bucks for first time customers. You can look better and younger than you ever dreamed again because the hair looks like it's going to be your scalp like it's real hair. Not like an awful barnyard animal died on your head. If you already have a hair system you can say 50% on service and repair of all patch hair systems including shampoo and trim as well. So during these last dog days of the summer to great opportunity to give Charlie a try and get yourself looking really good again too. If you try to wear the hair systems in alpha areas for 30 days and go all the way, it looks and feels and smells. If you're not getting more action than you have in years, then Charlie returns your money no problem and all say I've nothing to lose but that big ugly shiny ball spot. Call Charles Alfie or today and change your life forever. Call fool free. 1-800-3212413. That's 1-800-3212413 or log under their website at CharlesLFERE.com. 5-1-6-5-6-5-16. 3-0-0-0. You win! Alright guys, big blow! And beat that Gator Meat! Here's your Zen Survival Guide for watching the movie, G-Lay. Relax! Remain calm. Repeat to yourself, I can watch this movie without vomiting. Before the movie, ask your ex-girlfriend to give you a Zen ex or prosak or whatever anti-the-pressant she's on these days. Divise bigostrategies in your head. Imagine yourself in your happy place. Try a electro-shock therapy. Take solace in knowing that somewhere in the Kawahari desert, there's some flea-bittens starving kid with west-mile virus, monkeypox and hepatitis C getting all by and ox. That's slightly worse off than you. Know that the movie will end and thus you're pain. Peace and Godspeed. 4-45, that's the course of your good. Speed. I was making a list here for the next plot. In fact, I'm working several pulls ahead now. That's my new modus app around the plane. It is. I'm going to head like a pile of mubber. I'm going to pile a pole. But I think this is a good one because I'm thinking about it. Ben Affleys since we just played that bit. Who is the most boring big name celebrity? Good one. Not a good pole. And I have one A-monner. Guess what it is. Ben Affleck. All right. Good guess. So I'm working on that. We're working on today's pull. We have 384 votes. Which of these would be the most humiliating to poop your pants in public, 122. See, and now when I'm stuck in public. Number of the ones that I'm talking about, thankfully, even though the one was in a hotel when I got off the elevator. It was nobody around. Thank goodness. You know? Right. And the other ones were also in the car or like any of those things. No one in public. So you can always like kind of like sneak away or whatever. Although I will say, and I was late at night. Thank goodness in Denny's in Oakland or Spursco wherever it was because I was like goose stepping. Which is good practice for these days. But I was goose stepping toward the Denny's from the car because every step was score. Scored score. Scored score. Boy, what a horrible horrible feeling. I'd call that duck stepping now. See, anybody at police in God? I've told you many times before. If there was a guard, would anybody ever get diarrhea? No. Constipated? Oh. Oh. Tremend 84 votes to poop your pants in public 122. To be discovered is a pedophile 87. To be a straight guy caught having sex with another guy 48. I thought it would be more than that when you know that with the choices on you. To pick up a turns out to be a shemail 45. To fart during sex. 33. That happens all the time. 34 now. Time for a very premature ejaculation score. It's 21 to fart on an elevator 14 to pop a big Woody in public. 8. And only six for to be discovered is a cross dresser. I told you it's popular man. They like it. They like it. They want to bronze panties right now. Your next appearance you could be handed them out. Brown panties. Brown panties. Well, kids, kids. What were thought about? Brown panties. You're not just a ball of it. I just thought it was color coordinated with the rest of my outfit. Heides and multitude of say Colin Roland Colin Powell or real sell out. It's going to be expensive work. But there we know doubt about it. Listen to the audio on it on CNN. Pretty nice. Secretaries take Colin Powell seeking support today from Britain, France and Germany. See, in the beginning was half, Bob Fungoli. You don't want to go along with us to some of those countries not Britain. And now all of a sudden since they realized, Miss Fudge had a story on her website this morning that the US is only got enough troops till March to continue this insanity and Iraq alone. So that we're now going to have to come on and bend the knee to the UN, which is what Colin is doing right now. Just complaining for the sake of complaining or is this still a leftover residue of, of, yeah. So anyway, a seeking support from Britain, France and Germany and a proposed UN resolution that would give the UN a larger role in Iraq's economic and political future. In other words, bail our ass out. Written over our heads. They got kids dying every day. The top US commander in Iraq today transferred control over parts of these south central zone of the country to an international force led by Poland. That would actually be really good. A step in Washington's campaign to bring more nations to the US led occupation. The post war operation is costing the US about, before I read this paragraph, there are so many, like you said, children, right? Old people, no food, no drugs, living in just horrendous poverty. No drugs. So why are there human conditions in the US? I'm talking about, oh, forget about Iraq. I'm talking about it in the US. And the post war operation is costing the US about $3.9 billion a month. And a strained American military, which has some 140,000 troops stationed there, the Bush administration is struggling to attract broader international participation and sees new UN resolution, which he's peddling right now to make, as the way, to make other nations more comfortable with contributing militarily and financially. In other words, bail us out. Some nations is including India, felt like they needed additional authority from the UN to be able to participate, why does spokesman Scott McClullen said? He's really awful, but he's a little more much of an enlast one. So we said we want to listen to your concerns, we want to work with you, we want to look at ways to encourage broader international participation. But he made play in the US in tense to retain political and military control interact, especially over the oilfield. I'm sorry. So there you go. There's that. Coal in his region. And so I think there are no people who... Don't think he's got much in his mother, then. And of course, if you've been peddling all this shit, he has, you probably have much in your mouth too. This story, love this story. You know, I'd Latin Grammy in South Florida without some big stimulus without a big to do would be absolutely. Yeah, it would just couldn't possibly happen. But this is kind of a twist on what we usually have. Cuban exiles abandoned plans for protested Latin Grammy. Oh, right. Members of the Cuban and this is an ascent symbol, so it's possibly could be true of stir-written by a former Senator Bob Carrier of a message. I mean, Nebraska. Chip Carrier. Members of the Cuban exile organizations that are planning to protest the presence of musicians from the island at the Latin Grammy city yesterday, they would not protest after all. Because musicians from Cuba are unlikely to get visas to one of the U.S., there's no need to protest, said Francisco Garcia Martinez, one of the exile leaders. We had promised that if the Cubans didn't come, we would not protest. He said, we have to remain true to our word. What else would they be protesting about? Is it what I'm saying? Yeah. I mean, this is a story. That's what I'm saying. We don't like people with red hair and America to be any of there, so we're not going to protest people with red hair. I don't get it. Some Cuban exiles will post female cancer, consider the island's musicians to be represented of Cuban's communist government, communist that communist that that's why the NSW group saw to be more than a thousand demonstrators to the word show. Two years ago, the spirit over the protest would be prompted to Latin Academy of RIS and said, right, to move the awards to LA. This then, and of course, they ran into Teresa and Ethan and Gwen in LA and all the passions crowd, and that's getting so boring. This time, I'm in police that they try to avoid conflicts by meeting with all the groups involved Latin Grammy officials and demonstrators. The police also took Latin Grammy officials and the protesters on walkthroughs of the proposed protests sites. Nana goes on and on and on. Garcia Martinez acknowledged that some anti-cancerized Rosemyko had been protested anyway. This is a democratic country, he said, since when? He's in big county, isn't he? A smaller group of Cuban American protesters has a permit to them. I don't understand. What are they demonstrating? Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. That group estimated to be about 100 once the demonstrators supported the right of Cuban musicians to participate. I mean, oh, talk about being a dead horse. They're not going to be any their first place. There's no recent man. Well, we're the community. We don't need any more bad publicity. I worldwide TV and a freaking Latin Grammy's okay. Stop it, a guy damn demonstrations. Demonstrate against the fact we got a Nazi administration in control of the country that stole the election right there and floored that something that demonstrated about. It's a guy. Demonstrate about the fact that there are dead kids in Iraq every in Afghanistan every single day. Amir and the bigger part. Kids. What did the was Scott saying something? He said, he's a guy earlier. Oh, I don't pay any attention to him because he's, he's, he's, he's, he's another, another plane. He's strange. He's strange. He's, that's why he's a Scott, the for else friend. Strange. He's strange. There's, there's, there's been laden held some a to plot biological a tell. He's just feeling his way into the show. He's not, he's not comfortable with the show. He's a real sports nerd. He's not an oldest fag talk, which, you know, he's, he's didn't, and crack talk. He ain't, he ain't ever pooped his pants. Actually, I just did. No, no, seriously. Now, I say, no, what does that mean? Why wouldn't you say something so gratuitously in the attic is that? I, I think he's trying to work his way out of another show. He'd be good then, but instead of the beast. What you think? Hey, now. Who wouldn't assume in Scott go back a long time? I hear that pretty tight. It's why I'm here. There've been laden held some a to plot biological attack claims US magazine. This is from these scutnamen. Osama been laden held a terror summit in the Athcan mountain stronghold after the Iraq war to plot in the tech, using biological weapons that will be unbeatable. It was reported yesterday. Unbeatable. Since that meeting, Ben laden has continued to play leadership in planning roles without Kada from a secure hideout. Taliban sources told US News magazine Newsweek. Now you see, we could have been spending those billions of dollars to eradicate Al Kada completely and find his story ass. And we need to take care of finishing up the business net Afghanistan instead of having all the warlords come back and take over again and having a bloodbath all the time. We could have been doing that, but no. Didn't do that. They said, been laden is in good health and joined his time with his two wives when it is thought safe and living out our heavy protection from his loyalists. He recently presided over the funeral of his daughter-in-law who died in childbirth. I had enough riches to enjoy myself like an Arab Sheikh, Ben laden said at the funeral according to his special bodyguard Abu Hamza al-Jaziri. But I decided to fight against those infant elf forces that were to sever us from our Islamic roots. He blamed America for his daughter-in-law's death. Newsweek reported that Ben laden convenes the summit with Middle East and Eastern European terrorist leaders in April to discuss serious projects. His priority is to use biological weapons, a high-ranking teleband source told magazine, saying the organization already had weapons and the only question was how to transport and launch them. Ben laden's three sons, what would he on that show with the front-memory? Sure. I like to early best. Oh, I like whatever his name. I don't know what his name is. No, that was his name. What about his name? Don Grady. Chip. No, he would chip was the moment of glasses. Okay. Don Grady was a chip off the old block, but his name wasn't chip. Okay. Okay. Don Grady. Who was doing now? What's your name, by the way? Not Angie Dickinson? A fair faucet. Did you know that? I did not. Scrunner brains out. That's when she lost them. Ben laden's three sons were always uh, whereby his son, uh, are by a set of swore to kill him rather than let him fall to American hands. According to the sources conducted by a contacted by the magazine by Newsweek, the al-Qaeda leaders developed a communications system that helps him avoid US electronic surveillance. Ben laden communicates with friends using handwritten letters and computer disks, which are liver by a chain of messengers each link in the chain, those only the next person delivered their massive two and does know the final destination. The restroncest special that Ben laden's hiding in the Kunar province in Afghanistan, among this area with plenty of treat cover making it to be called a spottom or his followers location using satellites. How do you like that, huh? Doing a hell of a job that we find him yet? How about son of a guy? How about Mula Bula Omar? No. And you reckon public is worried about uh, what was that thing if the saw rest were they call it? These answer only the flash crowd. Five crowd, flash mob, flash mob. That's it, flash mob, flash mob. Disguise, Vaughn, let's do a flash mob. 1257 at 560 WQM. It's a great day for the Irish baby. It's a Wednesday. We got the big one and two comedy bits are coming up. Mad Dog at 2 the Huper in the studio. We're really heavy duty. We're got from 4 to 630. Yeah. And then we got the Marlin game, where there are how many people going to be there tonight? About 30 man. And 30 thousand just about 30 come on. What is with you people, huh? Go support your team, you assholes and I mean even care about them at all, but do something. Get off your dead ass. At least put on a pretense and just like our real living and breathing place, even of course we know. I'll tell you, living and breathing place, rock concepts for I love these people. They've been really good to me over 20 years I've used them in my house. They've been in town for I think like 24 years. And rock concepts is the number one carpet painting company in the universe because did the only ones anywhere who really dry clean your carpet. It's an exclusive patent and method that sucks out the deep downer way in there that you can't see with an achid eye in the fire of your carpets. It makes your carpet look just like brand new, stay cleaner longer and last longer two and smell underneath fresh their dry to couple of hours. It's the amount higher on your floor. And right now, rock concepts during the summer months continue to offer you a chance to save 15% on your next carpet cleaning. Just call rock concepts toll free 1-800-248-507-1. Ask to be put in a stand by list. Then rock concepts cause you next time they have an opening in their schedule. It's just like when you fly stand by if you're available when they have an opening, they'll not 15% off the regular price. And keep in mind they give you a written guaranteed price whether it's your poultry or your drapery, your furniture or the carpets they give you a written guaranteed price up front before they start to job. No rip off, no scams. Just they stupid is unbeatable job every time on your floor. Call rock concepts today has to be put under stand by list. They may even have an opening for you on the day you call like today. And they'll give you 15% off the regular price of the job. Call toll free 1-800-248-507-1. That's 1-800-248-507-1 or check them on the web at dryconcephs.com. They are the best in the universe. We are supposed to re-opensify this. You AEM. Honest bandano. Since dealers need to have one Natasha and I know logan have to look for Mousin Squarer. Instead we listen to the neorodges fair and embalances went to two hours. There's no way to detect if someone sends something as bad. Every time I open up an email, every time I vote up my new town. The best things I can't refrieking day without fail. Another buy rate is mixed my life without fail. Welcome, you've got mail. So, click on our live news. Because there's a virus going around. No, fire with all the data. I made a bad idea to pay for that. And that is it. My computer's working fine. Yeah, well, so I can be working fine. You click on it so big one. Click on it so big. Click on it. We just put movie of Maui. We just gotta be a quick. Now, what happened is all roads. Hey, I tell you, I'm frozen. I told you don't click on it. If it's down, then click on it. You know what you gotta do now. Wait, wait, wait. Oh, wait, wait. Good bye. There's no way to detect if someone sends something as bad. Every time I open up an email, every time I vote up my new town. Basically, every freaking day without bail. My not a fire is, makes my life hell. Goodbye. There's no way I can sign on to way all well without fear. Heaven knows if really blows comes by and can die. Be silent, the priest should just get alive. Who, before I think he thinks like fighting, fighting, fighting, not growing with my email. Oh, wait, wait. Wait, wait. Oh, wait. You wanna talk to your brother, oh. You gotta try. And every home station around. And I know what the judge is on with you. What they go on and have the oil. And the oil feels. Oh, can't you see me standing here like that, my tiger gets a real machine. This is the worst thing to see. I used to play one like TV. What the hell they're trying? And the boys who have children. They have children. And the boys who have children. Oh, wait. You wanna talk to your brother, oh. You wanna talk to your brother, oh. You wanna talk to your brother, oh. And the boys who have children. And the boys who have children. And the boys who have children. And the boys who have children. And the boys who have children. And the boys who have children. There's a new home punishing superstore. You're gonna fall crazy in love with it. It's there, the path and the answer. Hey, y'all, I'm the answer. And if you're looking for a selection of better, and bad, extracurricular jumping jumping, then bad, bad, and beyond, say, is your destiny, John. America's newest pop, do the know. Let either women, women, everywhere. Want to say, no, no, no, to expensive home furnishing fields, be a spin. That's why she's open, pay it, fast, and beyond thing. This week we have had a toilette sleep time soon. They saw comfortable and food in leisure. Beyond thing, no, better bad accessories. And she knows you wanna shop at bad, bad, bad, and beyond thing. Remember, you can't say bad bad, and beyond thing, unless you. Say one name, say one name. Jesus, the Bible, she's not gonna give up until you say it. You say it, not the case. And bad, bad, beyond thing. Whole Winkle, chain, moose. He conquered television. He conquered movies. Well, sort of, and now he's cuckering the world of heavy metal. It's full Winkle, sings, Azze. Aye, aye, aye, aye, aye, aye. Yes, America's favorite moose, pays tribute to America's favorite reality TV dead, Azze Osborne in, full Winkle, sings, Azze. He terrain such a manler banging classics as war mooses. Gave them all gathered in the matter. Just like we today, like Matthew. Hmm, but today's wrong writing, Gigi Dengue. When a classic cartoon character meets a classic rocker who's become a living cartoon, you'll get full Winkle sings, Azze. With songs it be who's you to hear. Like, like it's aint hide the stains. He might come, but I need to day. Bucky I call in home. And you'll want to come home with this TV. It's full Winkle sings, Azze. And come with all the waves on a crazy train. Hmm, get that old old lady's face. Best of all, you don't need to permit the hunt down this collection. Make a moose call to your local record store and pick up a copy today. Like, like presents, real American hero. Today, we salute you, Mr. Local TV, whatever. You're a little bit too local TV, where the Mac has. In a world where some people get it right most of the time. And the rest get it right. At least some of the time. You've managed to get it right none of the time. You're our race run. We'd love the way you cover your butt with generic forecasts. Like, partly cloudy with periods of sun and a chance of shower. It's a great day and all, maybe not. Wow. Thanks for the pinpoint accuracy. Mr. Local TV, Mr. Local TV, you're a little bit more. You're a little bit more. Wow. Thanks for the pinpoint accuracy. Mr. Local TV, you're a man. And by the way, the fact that it's one degree warmer three towns over has absolutely no bearing on my life whatsoever. You're a body king. Thank you, Mr. Local TV, you're a man. What a fake smile, that fake hair. And that fake fanter with the anchor person who's job you wish you had. But you don't! So, open an unseasonably cool butt light and pour up partly sunny tones too. Mr. Local TV, you're a man. A real American hero. Mr. Local TV, you're a man. And I have to introduce Saint-Mau Pressure, I'm a Missouri. Some of them are from a crowd. And that's some are great. Some are great. One can't walk, I've been here for six years. It's good, eh. And one of them's girls and the girls, and likes the string and the lay. Like the script of the day. California, free show, and your free show. A free collection day. Schwarzenegger, whole heart's a mega home. He doesn't stop to the day. He doesn't stop to the day. And the hurry, the hustle, the hustle, the hustle. Like the clearly, made to the lay. And for Gary Coleman, Gary Coleman, would almost fit on your plate. Almost fit on your plate. California, free show, and your free show. It's so weird to let you say. Things are looking down, and they're looking down. But I've been told and stayed. For the golden state. And I told the salmon, I told the salmon, I told the salmon, The salmon, the fish, I'd love to be. I would vote for round. Vote for the breakeet. It's what's known to be. It's known to be. California, free show, and your free show. It's such a freaky state. Alright! Start like in the candles. There's no power today. And we are getting tired of it. New York, New York. Here's these electrical grids. Our way out of day. We get someone to rely on. New York, New York. I don't want to wake up in a city with no AC. And find my food as a spoiled catwatch TV. Are these big black out blue? And go in a way. Until they fix what's wrong with it. In old New York, if it can happen. Happen here, if it can happen. Anyway, what will they do with New York? New York. 12. It's after 150-60 W. 403 votes on a pool. Which of these would be the most humiliating to prove your pants in public 140? To be discovered to be a pedophile 103, to be a straight guy caught having sex with another guy 60. To pick up what turns out to be a shemail 53 to fart during sex. 36. To have a very premature evacuation event. Well that's the other one. A ejaculation 22. Squirtch court. To fart on elevator 15. To pop a big Woody in public eight. And to be discovered is a cross dress. Only six. I told you man, they're into it. Apparently. Big time. VIP Sportsburg.com is something you ought to be in. Because it's out for his best sports book. And this is the time of the year with football really getting geared up now that everybody in her brother is peddley with sports book. Everybody on this radio station, including people on the edge of 10, are peddley sports books. What about they know? The first thing I'd like to say is that they're talking about it in the juggles of Costa Rica. Here today, Gondama, good luck here. So this year and do the smart thing move up in class to VIP Sportsburg.com and plunge in peace. VIP Sportsburg.com is the oldest to biggest sports book in the Netherlands. So what could possibly mean not to like? 100% legal omissions too. Listen to me and call VIP Sportsburg.com right now. 1866 VIP Bets because they're the best in South Florida. Best by test. Sign up now at audio logging but on South Florida football and best ball teams. Use free all year long. You want to bet on the dolphins? It's 100 to 100. You would have it on a hurricane when they play another girls team. It's 100 to 100. So forget about the big. Also, it looks good at 20% cash bonus. Not some funny match play bonus on boguscraft. VIP Sportsburg.com is the way you find them online or call them toll free at 1866 VIP Bets. At phone again is 1 866 VIP Bets. Be sure to mention QAM when you call for VIP Sportsburg.com. Where you be the VIP. I'm a lot of people. This is for Twitter. You way in. You way in. You way in. You way in. You way in. You way in. You way in. You way in. You way in. You way in. You way in. You way in. You way in. You way in. You way in. You way in. You way in. You way in. You way in. You way in. You way in. You way in. You way in. You way in. You way in. You way in. You way in. You way in. You way in. You way in. You way in. You way in. You way in. You way in. You way in. You way in. You way in. You way in. You way in. You way in. You way in. You way in. You way in. You way in. Help us. Help us. You way in. You way in. You way in. You way in. You way in. You way in. You way in. Give your son career a push. He's leaving quite behind him. The bushes and the salty bodies on a better than a puddle of the floor. In the back of the men and the books. Oh. Score court. And you finally realize with all the bullsh**ed lies. You're no longer the leaves of the rise. And on the lake. They should have him in the future alive. You're the greatest president of the media since the old man's eye. That is to say at least until these streets are all in beach. You've got how adjusted time. Chelsea Victoria Clinton arrived three weeks early on February 27th, 1980. At 11 24 pm. While I was recovering, Bill would put his foot on my throat. Yake me by my hair and say, woman? Don't spoil her. I said okay. Chelsea was sold by her opium addicted father when she was eight years old. Chelsea looked at him and said, that thing's about her daddy. That sealed the decision for Bill. I didn't know whether to laugh or cry. But even more frightening, at the age of 15, Chelsea had come back to haunt us. She escaped and returned home. Only to be sold again to a poor house. Who would want to do that to kids who had never done anything to them? Me, Hillary, Rodham, Clinton. Chelsea said, come on mom, don't do it. Oh yeah, right I said. Looking like a days fox or who had just been pummeled in the ring, she leaned toward me and whispered in my ear. You bitch. You on fox, right after 101th thing removed from the human body, it's 101th thing removed from Richard Simmons's box. I want to get started right away. Zadnaz. But let's quit the toy. Lunchbox where pants. Low-left, pull it. This is big. Cheevo. 101th things removed from Richard Simmons's box. On fox. What are you guys? Who are you? You know when you feel the way of sadness. You feel lonely. And don't enjoy the things you once love. Hey, Rex, how's it going boy? Oh my god. I don't enjoy you anymore. These are some symptoms of depression. Talk to you or Dr. That's Ola. The number one prescribed random is gone. Hi, Rex. I'm on ZolaF now. Someone better. I'm going boy. Oh my leg. Hey. But that's okay. I've got two of them. Oh, get my ankle back. You trick star. ZolaF is not forever. Oh, the Chris Blunnel over the carpet. I'm just gonna get into one anyway. ZolaF. Two night on biography with Mr. Mayonnaise. Hello, I'm Harry Smith. Is that a lady that you're a caminant? Is that a lady that you're a sothu? Join us tonight as we delve into the life of you and I come and seal you through. Born in Oyster Bay, Long Island. Cecil Crabman was a gifted child in more ways than one. Little did he know what one it would be. The early days of his career were in Bobville, performing stand-up comedy in drag. So I tell him if you want flowers, go back and flourish. Is it me, your piss and poop, or my fish-rich foggles will? The world warping him. Cecil's find up as a merchant marine and was sent a cuba, where he re-tooled his knikele back, and he came to well and out a Superman that was speaking to the film Godfather too. Little did he know, as he was a boy, Tesslo would rise the power, forcing him to change his act once again. Look how I'm around the tide right around that time, and there was a boy to be no. So I happened to be hung like Uncle Milton, and I decided to slip on a dress name, and start singing. Cecil changed his name to Zilia Cruz, and became enormously successful as a drag queen self-sacir. We are both being a scant of the body to drag, and they look like they're just foresight with a hand. Through business dealings Ernst Siliah's fortune, like they could Sony had after a record label offered him 85 cents per record in royalties. One dollar medal, I take that one dollar medal turn. Unassadd boat, Siliah died. Don't take a medal, they're all in there. What I was saying, 125 at 560 WQM, 459 boats on a pull on the arunters.com, and our prestigious pull, which it is to be the most humiliating. To poop in your pants in public, 146, be discovered as a petal file 105, to be a straight guy caught having sex with another guy, 64. To pick up a turns out to be a Schemail 55, to fart during sex 36. Come on, thank you. A very premature ejaculation 23, the fart on an elevator, so Steve, the pop of Big Woody in public aid, and to be discovered as a cross-dress, so there's some of us who wish we only could pop a big Woody in public court. Private of any world. If I now you've heard this talk, I have a lot on this show about Laminance Aras. I hope and how Laminate would flooring from Laminance Aras is the easy, the smart, the low maintenance alternative to natural wood flooring, which is so damn expensive. Laminance Aras is the best place to find Laminate would flooring from the top corridor of Peridor, Pogo Wilson, are unifloring quick step two. They've had all the top names all installed by pergoster defined in the dollars. Here's another smart reason why I had to be called Laminance Aras. Their prices are so low it'll probably floore. Right now you can get their September kick off special for just $1995. That's correct. Just $1995. up to $380 square feet of beautiful Laminate wood flooring, positively unbelievable. And Laminance Aras will match any legitimate reason. You'll never play, what? I mean, I never play anymore. Daily. Exactly. And why don't we do that? That's the best. That's the best. And Lamina Terus will match any legitimate number two for a free in Homestimood Call. Lamina Terus toll free at 1-877-777-777-3336 and tell that neurotic old Neal Torne to recall. What could be easier for you to crop a disposal for your furniture moving at 25-year warranty and years and years of beautiful, easy care. Lamina would floor. And call Lamina Terus today toll free. That number again is 1-877-777-777-3336. On 5 in local, our year's sports video 5-60zen roll. J irgendwelom masasha sorus t iau t p t TIM i m I bear the size of a beard and beard. It attrists with feet learned my man friend in the day. I'll just make up with ginger and some days. And then nest them to break my bun. Oh, there you know the again. Though I would not steal from more spoon. No! And I would not be ashamed. About a ginger and more gay union. Just bowl them and stroking away. Boy, they kill me, you're not my type. Just sound like a nine year old kid. No, leave a much old belly guy. You don't know this. Let me sleep my wig. If ginger was a lover of mine. I'd bury my bogus baby now. Inside is a blie-rearing day. No, I would not be a spoon-oh. If I was not a closet of a maid. That's why your ginger and more gay union. Would they be easy to be a gay? And my mom like thousand gold. They are ginger and more gay union. With make my small or pony ass kill six. If we had a ginger and more gay union. Then he wouldn't have to get me raped, did it? I'll so pop her. Like nothing you've seen before. Excuse me. I've seen father. What is it my child? He has something I must tell you. What is it my daughter? Oh father, I'm afraid to tell you. I fear I will be ashamed upon our family. Lonsons, I am your father. I love you very much. You must tell me what is wrong. You promised you was to love me. Of course my sweet child. A father's love is not erased by a simple mislead. Very well. I am. I am pregnant. I am pregnant. I am pregnant. I am pregnant. I am pregnant. I am pregnant. I see her. I see her. Do you still love me father? Of course I do. But since you are pregnant and not married. Yes father? I'm afraid I must drag you down to the town square and with the help of my friends and neighbors. I've stolen you today. I'm a spider. It is written that this is the punishment for what you have done. You can't get over this. You are the only grunting. I'm drowning in the blood. I'm not a stoned. It's the first step. The focus is on a fundamentalist middle-east in the town. May I speak with you my esteemed husband? Please explain my words. I have something to tell you. I'm listening. I am having an affair. Oh, right. I'm going. I'm going. I'm going to the backyard. I'm going to collect some stones. What do you mean? Yes, I must drag you to the town square. Oh, very you will of course be stones. You don't be a mess. I've been calling the live for the internet. They deal with the many problems that play for them. Oh, may I speak with you my esteemed father? Yes, my son. Last night I used illegal drugs. Well, what do you know? You are one lucky boy. Oh, why is that father? You are going to get stoned two nights in a row. You are not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm cheating. A guiding she. I just saw an location in Baghdad. I'm sorry. Hello. Okay, boy. Yeah, get lost. Me, the father. Yeah. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. I don't think that it's all. I've been talking about you. I've been talking about you. I've been talking about you. I've been talking about you. I've been talking about you. I've been talking about you. I've been talking about you. I've been talking about you. Yeah. Okay, good job. She's our heroes too. Yeah. God. Oh. Why? What do we need now? Isaiah? How can you be? What's up with me? I meant to cry. She needs a dictatorsiao. Oh yeah, I know to them, you know Me, you know, make all those Make all those Make all those Make all those Make all those Make all those Make all those Make all those Make these Make all those Ahhh... haha when you pull it as soon as you pull it EN and Oh, I'm not gonna be so hot, I'm gonna be so hot, I'm gonna be so hot, I'm gonna be so hot, I'm gonna be so hot, I'm gonna be so hot, I'm gonna be so hot, I'm gonna be so hot, I'm gonna be so hot, I'm gonna be so hot, I'm gonna be so hot, I'm gonna be so hot, I'm gonna be so hot, I'm gonna be so hot, I'm gonna be so hot, I'm gonna be so hot, I'm gonna be so hot, I'm gonna be so hot, I'm gonna be so hot, I'm gonna be so hot, I'm gonna be so hot, I'm gonna be so hot, I'm gonna be so hot, I'm gonna be so hot, I'm gonna be so hot, I'm gonna be so hot, I'm gonna be so hot, I'm gonna be so hot, I'm gonna be so hot, I'm gonna be so hot, I'm gonna be so hot, I'm gonna paint the battle cried, to give you the! You might mention my name Reichsma assassination, hoy formal, this port  five? Awesome, young king of the taxi Carl goodbye,statself, honny. You look that meat, joke, whisk, girl ring, the exactly of a dog, So I acted out my puncture aid in with my arms the trees I made. You know, my speak stinglish can I muggle? I went down to my young man beach where the weather was nice and shunning. I walked into a little gustore but a guy there talks real funer. I asked him for a pint of cold gym beaming just no one to end up. What does that mean? I'm not the butters to sing with. I'm kind of a moron. That corner deline. Hell I think I'm in Pakistan. I'm taking this smelly. Are you going back to the lower rack? I can't hear. I can't hear. I can't hear. I've already heard my ABC. I don't say much as gross here. I say pretty pretty. So get yourself to a classroom quick you're in American now stop making me sick. You know, but as speaking, it's for me to muggle. I've already heard my ABC. I've already heard my ABC. I've already heard my ABC. I've already heard my ABC. I've already heard my ABC. I've already heard my ABC. I've already heard my ABC. I've already heard my ABC. I've already heard my ABC. I've already heard my ABC. I've already heard my ABC. I've already heard my ABC. I've already heard my ABC. I've already heard my ABC. I've already heard my ABC. I've already heard my ABC. I've already heard my ABC. I've already heard my ABC. I've already heard my ABC. And I've already heard my ABC. I've already heard my ABC. I've already heard my ABC. I've already heard my ABC. And I've already heard my ABC. I've already heard my ABC. Oh, I'm a bit a-he was the reason you see our working man But my mind, he was the reason you two did as you can Just get wounded, I'm a bit a-ma, just get to me as you Just awkward, you didn't want to find me So stick your hair, that's why I'm both doing it in a morning I love to do it tonight, tonight I hope to do it, I'm feeling happy to do it It makes me feel alright I love to do it this time of this And do it that far I hope to do it, be far, I hope to do it And bear that hope to do it Oh, I'm a bit a-ma, just get to me as you can Is it just just just a M potato skin? Oh, it's coming from intense road with me and I'm used to it I'm so gong so gong so gong so in the empty end No, it's going too dark It would be better at it if it was a well-robed party Oh, it's the part of this hope Oh oh oh oh oh Oh, to the punch. Oh, to the punch, just wanna do it. Oh, to the punch. Oh, to the punch. You're a fool, you're a fool, you're a fool. You're a fool, you're a fool. You're a fool, you're a fool. She said I was too old-faced, Picked something, and more relief. Now she's got me, but don't be. I got him from Linda, and her cheese, my roses up. Down, my head's been held round and round. I've been slipping for three days now. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. The bottom of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the bottom. Some waken bread, wrapped in the array, to pound many drugs, do I have to taste? My hair's all down, and it's been hard to taste. It's a tight song, Linda, and her cheese, so dimmer. Hard to think of going far, but seems like I want it now. Chill that gill, and hot to taste, just not to mention. I protected you, things out red and green, Club's all day, and that drops on the plate, but through your blade, for Dr. Cloth's been set to play. Eight gold six inches, it's made by Wilson Up. Down, my head's been held round and round. I've been slipping for three days now. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, what you think? Make a camp for that. Alright. How's that? Saturday and Monday of Aprilings. I started this poll, I'd most like to let it run like a half-hour later today. I was like a emoting with a bunch of crap, but at any rate we need 12 more for 500 votes, I would be nice so wait a part on a Wednesday, 48, which of these would be the most humiliating to poop your pants in public under 57. We discovered as a p-file 11, to be a straight guy caught having sex with another guy, 66. To pick up what turns out to be a shemail 57. To fart during sex 38, to have a very premature ejaculation 44. To fart on the elevator 18, to pop a big woody in public, 10. And to be discovered as a cross dresser only 7, I'm telling it's big. 3 generations of great seders and shembers! And if you act now, talk how we're growing a fabulous collection of programs and roles with James Brown. Any Roger? That's better to talk! You must many more! If you try to buy these, remember to stay covered with these, but you'll wait! You've been only getting a prepropco, present roles, what's seders and shembers? From crap co, where we say, if you'll buy this, you'll buy anything! Oh, that has really pleased you all away! I didn't wait till the tag of the big go-home, and eat your whole holes! Till you explode, just like your back-back shirt and ladies, I feel like you seem to have a flame, spinning your fingers that have yellow stain from the joys, can't see your tools! After thinking who knows how to be back disgusting and pasty all the way! You make the show to win this mile, lay like a cow who's sped and stassing, and smelly bad so repulsive and bad! You're body-cheese most like a crap-buck, and there it was, after you buy my head, past learn to push you towards you getting to your car, because you're too bad in one! I can squeal, I can squeal, I can squeal, I can squeal, fat baby, living with your numberless mean! Slyver in and start to retrieve between therapy, as material heast! Most be seen to me! After the material that's moist and tasty, pay! Alright everybody, this is a special song for all of us, fat people! Our ends of our song, now go to the cupboard and grab a bag, and I have of the reels and that's at some fun! Fat people got no reason to fat people got no reason to fat people got no reason to feel guilty! We've got rubber hands, big bad eyes, big fair belly-shagging, we've passed our files, two to three inches, six to ten rows! We have to take a picture just to look at our toes! We don't want no no, calories, don't want no fat, free-pumming! Don't want no scared, and be put round here! So kind to die at the try and almost every one, I've killed a sword to fat out, and I have the words you give the rucks! We've changed the time we've eaten, we're gonna lose the weight! Now past that neat red chicken, I'll stop my guy in tomorrow's today! Fat people got no reason to fat people got no reason to fat people got no reason to feel guilty! We've got food all our minds, it was shaking of the day, another partner holds us like a damn other day! We're really big cars, with a cheap bed, way back, I'm lovelin' for the raffle drum, I'm a big mac of tech! We don't need to be shy, always with a joke, we're safe, we gave the way, because we're no longer slow! Don't want no sin, fast around, just don't want no light, love your mouth, don't want no time to see me when it round here! I just love reaching in, just do it with the skinny people can't do it! Take my dope baby, get another right out! My lover, while you be part, working out, feeling all my happy, I live the real world! I'm happier by life, I love them! We're talking rigs are back, again. I'm still feeling a piece of shit! It's not the most powerful of all the lethal weapon movies, if you don't count the first three. lethal weapon 4, Danny Globberg, speaking the rigs! No gives a shit, it's okay, now, I was wearing bulletproof socks, Joe Peshich. What, what, my cloud? Renee Russo. Just because I'm a woman, definitely I can't kick your sorry asses like I did in the last movie. And the one before that, K! M, Chris Rock. Yo man, the motherfucker ain't gang! lethal weapon 4, all the actions suspense an adventure of the first three movies, plus the wisdom that only comes from being on the force for 72 years. Oh, the dead seconds do a ton! Hope not in bad heavens! We go weapon 4, rated R for Retire Already, which is... Bye bye bye! The weather's so unclicably so new to you, you may as well play an important game. I pooped my pants. I'm so lonely.