What's it all about? Gold. Yeah. Anyway, I think there's poor now everywhere. Did you hear me, Cag? Anyway, did we give away all the heat tickets? Yeah, we're cool. Hey, I wonder what Neal thinks of the heat they're all in. Roooo! Yeah. Nice suck. Are you really doing stand-up at Uncle Funney's tonight? Yeah. That's the room where I'm hearing. Good evening. No. I'm going to the track. He's going to the... I told him what I did with you this morning. I bet. I bet. About my movements the other day. Two loose-loats. Was they saying the sales department, two loose-loats, direct. Or they say don't mistakes. Yeah. Anyway, thanks for the courtesy. I have the exacta in the fifth... Sixth. It's not the exacta. It's the daily double, six and nine. I'm putting you a double. All right. What's you know about the track? You could stick in your left ear and have room for the beast left over. Oh, you're about to make basic cavity. Tell them I'd like to learn some mic technique. Well, if you could hear his levels, we just about jumping off the chair. We just had to open up the beast. What do you mean my levels? Your two freaking loud. Well, I don't run the board. Was it gripper ones of the board? Or like I said, it's gripper's going to crank that. Oh, gripper's an asshole anyway. Yeah. And he's going to sabotage the show in the stage. It's part of that busher agenda, I think. It's that right wing, uh, fances to gender. Because you're a Jew, so that it right off the bed. He's trying to make it look better. He'll court you're not the same brand as you as he is. He's a different kind of Jew. Yeah. Self-hating like it all shickled grubber. That kind of Jew. When you're going back to Toronto. Soon, very soon. And I see in you, but too much of a good thing is too much. You know what I mean? And do they tip over for you? Tell them again last night, baby. I'm going to tell you that was nice effort. I just had Nicholas Aguero. I want to tell you what a rocket scientist you're a close associate friend who's sitting in the room here Scott. I heard him listening to it. So I walked in there to listen to the interview. And I said, who was that? Is that Nick Hagman or Pablo or Valerie Bray? He says, oh, no, it sounds Canadian. I said, oh, it sounds Canadian. The guy's got the heaviest European access finish. Yeah. And Buck's one of the guy's just got a goal last night. What's anybody who was paying attention. It was the Hagman and Bray or two of the guy's just scored goals. Oh, nobody said a boot. He said a boot. He said a boot. He's Canadian. I think I'm looking at this man like it. How am I sitting in here with his guy on the other side of the glass all week long? He said he likes a lot for him, by the way. We really appreciate it. He likes. Would you do a get him out of Bellevue when you came down here? I must have been a bit of a bel- Oh, seriously, he's a crazy person. He's just a little tick. He's delusioned. He's sitting there listening to Patula Clark work. It's cranked up so loud even louder than the Reapers got the Beast microphone. Hey, Nick on segment said that he likes Porno. Can I tell you what I'll do with Spect he discord nice so lucky he's right. It was a lucky bounce last night, but he's a stiff. He's the two guys I just mentioned there. Valelle, Burrie and Nick Hagman are both stiff. I mean, we're delighted to see a great effort last night and all that other stuff. But one game doesn't make a career, Mr. Doug. Hey, how about a contest today? A poll who has a worse format, a mo or deadly. That's coming up soon. But today's poll is going to be up about the worst coach in pro or college history, the worst coach ever. I'm going to judge. I think one thing I'll get some both. I heard you're Schmerin some freebies over there too. I heard you. I'm going to judge today. I think one thing you're autobiography comes out. Life as a freebie. Boy, you make the rest of us look like Pykers. You sure learned fans. I know what Howard's. What about now? How are you done in the same league with this guy? You kidding me? Mike Lubbock, I can write a book, red zone, and make millions from putting a book. I'm thinking the tails of my rectum by Farrell. Yeah. That'll work. I have beast like the forward. He's big on that. He loves it. When you got to ask that big, you know, beast on the next year. He wanted to loob up, Kellen wins low and just finish. I heard that he and Josh Friedman used to dance cheeky cheeky cheeky. Oh, oh. That's what I heard. I don't like cheese. I don't like cheese. You mean how much would you boy up there that live? What is it 85 or something? Live it slimy 85. Three went. Oh, yeah. He's up there with your boy. That's big time. Norma Kent was giving me a son of dance about how slimy 85 was going all sports. And they're going to do this and going to do it. And by the way, Norma, where were you at the hockey game last night? You losing Faggot? Yeah. Where did how were you? He was probably at the Rubin tug. Hey, who's probably at the baths? Club baths. Club baths. They put little pearls in the water. No little boys. Oh, yeah, oh. I bet it run. I got to go work on some baseball. Yeah. Go have the runs. By the way, you're going to be at Uncle Funney tonight? Yeah. Be at Uncle Funney. Everybody at town is for spreadness rumor,They,you're going to be doing stand-up at Uncle Funney. Did you know our carny man,I'll figure that out. Yes,Listen. I know our car. I know I'm no comedian. Yeah. So what are you going to be doing there? Hopefully, everyone there will bring me a present, and I'll get a bunch of You can't run in the pool. Okay, have a great time. Thanks a lot, Neil. See you in Uncle Funnies. I wish you'd go, but thanks for the play. Don't forget, 6 and 9, baby. I'll be there for May to 10. Sing a bye. Pick up these rocks, okay? You've seen the trial on CNN. Now, the TV movie America's been waiting for. Ralph and Ellis Cremden star as John and Lorina Bobbit in low hurts. I'm warning you, John. Don't push me too far. Ha ha ha! That's a laugh, Lorina. I'm the king in this castle, the K-I-N-G king. I'm the one with the penis in this house. Mm-hmm. Look, I'm tired of talking. I had a hard day driving a bus. Now, I'm going to take a nap, and I don't want to be disturbed. What was that? Oh, my penis is in my penis! Hey, Johnny Boy, what's all this screaming in here? Help me, Norton. She cut it off! Hey, cut it off from sexy, Gator. I don't have anything else except with! You gotta get me to a hospital. Any hospital, hurry. Oh, my penis is in my penis. Hey, Johnny Boy, look at you. That animal clinic was right down the street. I see, I think I'm lucky. You think I'm lucky, do you? I think I'll get this knotten. What's wrong with that? I think they've all over the Stoke looks. I'll cut it down there. Oh, you do, huh? Hand me that playboy. Go to Queen of the Year! 10-06-56, you WCM, we hate to start on a negative note. No, well, we will anyway. Our carney did it 85. Nobody didn't like our carney. I'll tell you that right now. One of those few people, everybody loved our carney. What's not to like? Even the punks like our carney because they kept showing the honeymooners over and over again. And only a punks channel, like an nostalgia network, all that stuff. Our carney played Jackie Gleason's sewer working pal Edd. Norton and the TV-class economy motors are one out of in the 1974 Oscar for the best actor in Harry and Tonto has died at 85. Did you die? Yeah. Tate Akka, what's the name? Carney died in Chester, Connecticut on Sunday. It was buried at on Tuesday after a small private funeral. It had been ill for some time. The comic act would be forever identified as Norton, Ralph Crandon's bowling buddy, and not to butt upstairs neighbor on a honeymooners. The characters appeared in various forums from 51 to 56. And the show was revived briefly in 71. The show can still be seen on cable. He died? Yeah. With this turned up pork pie head and unbuttoned vest over a white t-shirt. Carney's Edd Norton with his exubered, hey Ralphie boy. Became an ideal foil for a Gleason's blustery bowling crammedon. Carney won three Emmys for his role in first taste of fame. He's dead. He died? Art carney. A lot of really nice people dying lately. You know what I'm saying? People that we like. Jimmy Stewart and Catherine Hepburn and Gregory's peck. And all these people. Like an epidemic. And now our carney. He died? Is dead to the 85. We'll have a tribute to our carney today, won't we? Oh, we won't. Anyway, here's the pullaway took. They know, care. It's just become commonplace. You know, people dying all the time. Famous people, nobody ever has a good word to say about. Nothing. Zero. Zippity do do do. You think that all over America. Evamine C.N. We'll show you a few clips. Somebody will honeymoon or clips. It was slapping each other on the S.A.M. Black. I sure was funny, but he's dead. He's dead, Scott. And by the way, I think you're right. There was a Canadian that Farell had on there. Sure. For you are. Seriously, they need to like stick a tube in your ear and like pump some information into your brain. They like some kind of a lobotomy. Anything. They tried. And it was intercranial insert. Anyway, here's the pullaway took yesterday on Neil Rogers.com on our world Flaming website. sexually, who are the hottest people in the world we asked yesterday. Now, we did finally get around to put a port of Reakins on there because I realized that the Eric hadn't been listening at that point. He was having like a Ruben sandwich. But they didn't do all that great. So if anybody's going to say, well, a port of Reakins had a handicap. Yeah, big asses, what you're talking about. It's hard to walk upright when you have a big heavy ass the way Z80 pounds. But they didn't do all that great. They were like in the middle of the pack. 273 votes, who's the sexiest of them all. Brazilian 311. Americans are distant. Second boy. Some of us have to go to Brazil. I'll tell ya. Check that out. When and down. What is the big deal with Brazil? It's nothing the fact that they're like all women. Or they're all men, but even the women are men. I don't know how that works. We'll find out. We'll check. Americans, 171. Colombians, 148. Trust me. Trust me. Italians, 141. Ties. As you let's go tie one on 75. Then a Swailin, 62. Russian, 60. The Irish, 59. It was pasty Irishman got 59. Argentinians, 44. Venus, 43. The French 35. Puerto Ricans, 27. Filipinos, 23. Dominicans, 20. Japanese, 19. Sunny, Rabin's, 12. Chinese, 12. Indians, 11. I don't know. Almost 1300 votes. Panamanians got a hooter. He'll never screw to Panamanian anyway. Who even knows the Panamanian? See, one thing about Latinos from, I'm not talking about so much from Espania because they talk with a list a lot of them. I'm saying like from Latin America from like Central and South America. How do you know? I thought there was just a big canal in Panamanian. No, no, seriously. I mean, how do you know that? I mean, Mexicans, that's the grease factor I guess you can tell that. But like, Central and South America, how do you know if somebody's from like, Guatemala or Honduras or El Salvador or Panama? You wouldn't really know. Follow what I'm saying? How would you know? You wouldn't. So that's probably why Panaman didn't do so great. They had a big, all the 1300 votes you think somebody would say, Oh, yeah, I once did something with a Panamanian. It was really super scorched, quite a bit. But I've been on that. So let's work on some Panamanians for next time. 11 past 10 is 5 60 WQM. How about those Panthers, baby? They would a hot last night. That was a great game. That was one of the finest. Well, it wasn't really a great game from the standpoint of being competitive. But it was very exciting. It was enjoyable. It was a tremendous intensity level. The lightning are very, very good skill team. They got a lot of really outstanding young players. You saw last night just how outstanding like La Cava Gay and Richards and the Modena, for example. And still, they got some really good players. And of course, Nick and I have the bullet, even though he led in four, he still made some phenomenal saves. I Roberto L'Ongo made a safe for save. I think he did. No. L'Ongo played very good like he always does. He's phenomenal. But he only had like a few really difficult chances. How do you bullet made a lot of really great saves? Because the Panthers run fire. The Panthers had the better scoring chances that we did. But at any rate, Santa, listen, anybody that's telling me that Nick Hagman is a Canadian. You know, I'm going to listen to you. So what was I starting to say? So nice start there Rick Dudley. We hope that you're the anti-northy anti-Christ that you're like the god that the hockey gods have been looking for in his town. Because it's at 13,000 in the paper. There was a decent crowd there. 10, 11,000. We'll say 11. We'll be generous. Okay. Well, it wasn't bad for middle of the week crowd. And people were very enthused with the effort. It was a nice effort. Now, we need to like two or three more real players, which are going to cost you some money Allen. But I don't think that's going to happen. We'll see. Hope them for the best. 12,000 is after 10 at 5, 60 WCM. Here's the best. And a lot of people are taking my warden check in this place. I'm happy for that. The Gold Coast Seafood Grill. Because the food according to Scott and George is just spectacular. If you love seafood, you're going to love this place. The Gold Coast Seafood Grill is right in coral springs. They just celebrated their one year anniversary. And they got three and a half big fat stars from the Suncental Showtime dining review. Gold Coast Seafood Grill's got lots of great specialty items on the menu. The menu that you'll love delicious things like mango plum salmon. On and crusted mahi mahi or in honey glazed sea bass and crab and shrimp stuff trout. There's a fantastic bar atmosphere at the Gold Coast Seafood Grill. But there's extensive line in martini list to big martini's enough to take a bath in during Happy Hour only 5 and a half bucks from 4 to 7 pm. Every day of your life seven days a week. The Gold Coast Seafood Grill where you find it, I'm glad you asked. They're in coral springs at 2752 North University. The Gold Coast Seafood Grill where you'll always find great seafood and great prices too. The Gold Coast Seafood Grill is just for 2562 North University. Drive inside the prestigious Walk Shopping Center. The Gold Coast Seafood Grill where you'll always find great seafood and great prices too. The Gold Coast Seafood Grill is just for 2562 North University. You weigh in. I can't wait to see it. Come on, Miss Uncammer 2. I'm a Gold Loan Baby. So I don't kill you, Miss. Come on, Miss Uncammer 2. I'm a Gold Loan Baby. So I don't kill you, Miss. I'm happy Wednesday. I'm happy Wednesday. I'm sure we're going to get a lot of calls about that. No, what's there to say? He's dead. He's 85. I guess 85 is old enough. Here's the poll question today. We will be building this during the show today. In the midst of all this other good stuff. What pro or college coach or manager was the absolute worst of all time. I realize that we have a lot of people out there who aren't in the sports. We have people who are very angry because they've been mentioned the fact that I went to the hockey game last night. So a lot of my good old friends, a lot of the old regulars. Those of us who have stuck through thick and thin 11 years of that stuff. A lot of them pretty bitter and sour by the way. I should mention that. But it was really a glorious night. But it's just the way it goes. I mean, once in a while, especially with all the firings. I mean, Pat Riley quit before we could get candy. He was going to get fired. They still have a one again. And they want again. I think they lost again. They got won up again last night. The pathetic heat. You had your my keen and get fired. Everybody thinking they want them. They can't. But he and Wayne had a very, uh, amicable discussion. They do anything as coach or less a Quirthey lose another game like Sunday. Uh, what pro or college coach or manager was the absolute worst of all times our pull question today. Naturally, we're putting Dave once done on there because just like Moe was saying this morning. Why not play him for everything in the world? Although Moe was really sucking up to him pretty good with what they do on his radio station. Because they suck up to all the coaches. Well, for being anything should have ever say bad about Jimmy Johnson or anybody else. There's certainly got for a bit about the brain stem. The shoes myster. So I got a short list here. Dave once did. Lou holds. I still don't care about sports. If Moe that's got to be on there for the anti sports crowd, your just friends. Terry Murray or Dwayne Sutter. Those are the few. And of course, I'll already on there. You got like two hockey people. And most of our folks out there have no idea. They wouldn't know Terry Murray from Brian Murray or from Fred McMory or from Arthur Murray. Remember Arthur and Katherine Murray of course you don't. 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Now what does that mean downtown online nine? Now you know line nine. See, I realized that you're dumb. There's no question about that Scott. But this lunatic that keeps coming. How can any times can you keep making the same mistake? That's my question. And obviously there's an infinite number. Here's a downtown online nine, which we know it's not downtown. It's not anybody we want to talk to. Hello. Okay. See. There you go. 560. Now why? I'm scared of him. I'm scared of him. I'm scared of him. Oh. Oh. What a surprise. Oh my god. I'm scared of him. Yeah, I like that. See, why would anybody be surprised? What it's always on the same line. So like somebody holding up a sign. I'm a crankman in Invisuil, who calls 50,000 times a day. And, uh, nobody in the world would want to talk to me, especially anybody on the year. So let's put him on right away. That's got philosophy. Here's a call from Helen Dale. Hello. Yes, Neil. Yes, sir. Thank you. Thank you and have a great day. You too. Okay. You too don't say you too. I don't like them. I can't stand them. You can't like that Irish music. Not too crazy about Irish anything. I do like Irish spring soap though. It's got a little handle on it so you don't drop it. 560. 560. We love the Panthers. They're just not fired. Come on. Let's go. Let's get to the enthusiasm. What do you say? Huh? Nice performance here last night, boys. Nice going. Of course part of the problem being that even even a mevan like you is truly. I don't know half of the players on a team. I'm watching a game and believe me, I watch a lot of it on a hockey package whether I'm here up in Toronto. I didn't know half of the players on the team and other people were saying the same thing. In fact, one of the old general men I say old because he's older than me, which is saying a lot. Nice guy sits in our section. He came by to talk and he said, you know, others in the long ago when a game started, I didn't know the names of any of the players in the starting lineup. I know I win. Those people were. That's part of the problem Alan Cohen is there's no continuity there. It's just that somebody gets good and by by, you know, maybe somebody wants a little money by by. Very hard to caught enough to people when you don't know who they are. Unless they're from Panama. Here's a call from dear field. Hello. Dear field beach. Going once. Going twice. Yes. Barry switches the worst coach ever. Yeah, but he packs him in the piece and have a great day. Barry, switcher. What are you, ah, who? Oh, are we going to get a bunch of divas? Probably not because there's no reason to put him on there, but I just like saying, but stives. We should have had him on our Yahoo pool last week. He is such a drooling. Not the same class with Terry Bowdoin though. Terry Bowdoin should have been a win or I'm not pull a hand down your pants. I mean, there's no contest. Drooling red nag. Yeah. Like that. Just like that. Let's be going to do it right there. Last night did you notice we either to start the game? Sure was. So before the game, it's Veterans Day. I thought it was a nice touch day. And I was the P.A. and I was successful. By the way, previous guy was great. But he announced his please ladies and gentlemen, we're going to stay for the national anthem. But before we hear that, a moment of silence and honor of our veterans who have put their countries on the line and many whom died for this country. And most of us, we stand there and you bow your head like, you know, it's the thing to do. And here's, there's a group of Tampa fans off to my right, done in a corner there. And, how do you pull in? Yeah. How do you pull in your ass? Okay. We kicked your ass for nothing. You asshole redness from Tampa. Man, there's something wrong with Tampa. Let me tell you that right now, but you're in right Yahoo's over there. There's something really wrong. Exactly. You said a better knife. What? Probably from Lutz and Temple Terrace. How do you pull in? Heard him all the way up in the press. Yeah. It was embarrassing. It sure was. And then during the national anthem, there was a saying, oh, how do you pull in their waving? They're like little lightning sticks or whatever. And how they had their stick it up your ass. You're like, oh, you're like, oh, you're like, oh, you're like, oh, you're like, oh, you're like, oh, you're like, oh, you're like, oh, you're like, oh, you're like, oh, you're like, oh, you're like, oh, you're like, oh, you're like, oh, you're like, oh, you're like, oh, you're like, oh, you're like, oh, you're like, oh, you're like, oh, you're like, oh, you're like, oh, you're like, oh, you're like, oh, you're like, oh, a while, a assy. Well, it's, uh, shoplifting, why for whatever else he's doing, we're smuggling wife. Go anywhere, eat this beach's in Clearwater, and that said you might as well be a West Virginia. Ah. Brother why's he familiar with what? This Virginia is like Calsma. West Virginia's like Manhattan compared to most of the rest of this state. You ever been in two egg? You ever been in Parry, you ever been in Pa week so they're okay with Chobie? We got people listening, poatio o Truly well. Chobidades like an edic spéciality inseilden Columbus. You're sitting there with their crystal set. for Miami, hello. Another one is Scott's friends. Do you feel beach again, hello? Terri Clark. Who is it? Perry Clark. Perry Clark. Who the hell's Perry Clark? University of Miami basketball coach. Now, current? Yes. Okay, I'll put him down. I don't know who that is. I know Leonard Hamilton. He's a big fan of mine. So I'm going to start having a jug in to guigo. Perry. And I will be an uncle of funny tonight. Don't mistake about that. Am I going to be an uncle of funny stuff? No, just a joke. Just bust in for else balls a little bit. See, I find it impossible to talk about him. What I would not endop in. I don't know why that is. I just can't even when he comes in. Hey, Scott, how you doing? You just adopt that same gravely sound. Just one of those things. It's pretty painful. It is. Now, are we going to really do three calls in a row from dear field beach? You've got to be. This could be a record. Mark it down into books in the record books. Dear field beach, hello. I think you just made history. Sir, three consecutive calls. I mean, really unbelievable. Yeah, it is unbelievable. Dave Schula. Dave Schula. Schula, Schula. And Bobby night. Only one professor, Bobby night was not a bad coach. He was just an asshole. Come on, straighten yourself out. He just an asshole like to beat up on the kids a little bit. Bobby night wasn't a bad coach. Would anybody say he's a bad coach? For oh, would. He can't. I don't care what for oh, would say. Okay, this is not. See, you've got it like extricate your brain from that show. Okay, he's wonderful and great. And a good friend of yours and all these other things. And probably crazy if they knew our if that's possible. But we're on another show now. Bobby night. I mean, we're talking about the worst coach of all time. Does he, would I even waste the penmanship to put that down? By the way, Erica, I would you know, I'll fetch you some during the break. So facially this bunch. Bobby night kicked him out. I was a center to how you. Well, it's like I said, I like Bobby night. Except for the fact he was an asshole. He kicked him out for what? Just for being just for being him. Something nice to do. Hey, probably said, hey, Bobby, you are talking about something like that. Something really tactful. Hey, Bobby beat up the kids again. What you're about to be? Any probably just kick the Zans right out. Don't blame him. The worst pro or college coach or manager. I guess I can't vote yet. No, I will vote. Because the one that I would pick is already, I think, I'm not going to vote for a hockey guy. We could put some hockey people under. So they're many hockey coaches. How about, uh, what was the guy at the guy, uh, Tom Watt? But nobody knows who that is. I'm putting down Lou Holtz. This one, I'm putting down. That's just because he was an awful coach, which he was. Nice job, but a jet spiderway. Lou. But he just, uh, such an asshole. He's just, uh, another slimble. Another red, Nicky, uh, he does, what, what are those spots he's doing now? Some kind of, uh, TV spots. Who's that? Lou Holtz. You haven't seen those spots? Yeah, I just can't remember. Oh, some kind of like, you know, scummy cramp. Oh, look at that. We love that dog. It's come on. Let's hear the song. Let's play it. They're on fire, man. They're on a bad wagon. They just have to off that, uh, I'm all in bad wagon. And now let's hop on the, uh, dog and bad wagon with old day wants that. My amy has to go. The greatest one for me. We take the ball for the old day. There's no one's ever seen. We're in the air. We're on the ground. We're always in control. We're out sports. Mark with 16 votes a piece out of the first 37. Lou Holtz got four. Dwayne Sutter's got one in Terry Murray has got the big. Oh, take it one thing. The players hated Terry Murray, but they hated Dwayne Sutter even more. Which is saying a lot. Cause Terry Murray is one of the most. Notches people ever came down to pike. A man with a personality like you see this pen. It's got more personality than Terry Murray. They hated him. But they hated Dwayne Sutter even worse. 10 27 and 5 60 WQM. If you want to really find place that you'll not hate. You'll love. Vickin' Irves from Rochester, New York since 1934. They've been serving up great town Rochester. And why do you care about that? Because right here in South Florida now they're doing the same thing. You find the South Florida version of Vickin' Irves on federal highway just south of Bridewood about in the tunnel on the east side. And Vickin' Irves is a legitimate honest of goodness. Flashback in time to what outstanding restaurants used to be before the fast food joints came along. What do you see that thing about McJob? As the Weftermirium Shultzishwartz Jones dictionary put McJob in the new contemporary Lingo as a word. McJob. Meaning a job where you're like yours. You have a McJob, not a real job but a McJob. After like McDonald's working, mean you'll job for like minimum pay. And McJob will sue them and try to get them to take it out of the dictionary and they said, No. And so the dictionary people won. So have a good time on your McJob. Anyway if you're tired of eating that McCrap, here's the answer. Vickin' Irves brought you in for a lot of day. And you'll find out how the same guys who feed you. Chee Burger Chee Burger. They use the same fresh 100% ground shock meat as Chee Burger Chee Burger. They offer you an incredible big fat one too. A big quarter pound hot dog, the likes of what you've never had in your mouth before or maybe you have. And they have a great breakfast menu at Vickin' Irves too. They got your great omelets cooked to order French toast pancakes. All your favorite side dishes too. So if you want to fresh delicious meal, made the old fashioned way. Vickin' Irves is the place to always find it. You'll find them on federal highway just south of Barbo about a ton on the east side. Be sure to tell them that old Rochestery and Neil Rogers from the 12 corners since you buy to prestigious Vick and Irves. My and local, we're sports video 560s yuan, you a-m. I'm in for you to switch into pictures, cost us the game. It's clear that has a package. You are quite brave. You're just walking away. We can't thank you managing the world for. Your brothers and sisters, both of you have to stay in it. Come back to where you came. Hello. We've just seen you have to see at all where it always is. Then we can get for a dinner with the great Indian dream. Just for the way today, we can't thank you managing the world for. Your brothers and sisters, both of you have to stay in it. For my friend, you can. 33 and by the way, a fat boys friend, Dave don't waste any more of my fast paper. I'm not reading your faxes, I'm not interested in you or fat boy or any other crats. Don't even think about coming in here and go away. I'm serious. There are some people out there who need to be kicked out with a big butterfly net. They're really what you already discovered that. And you're one of them. 59 votes on there. I still don't care about sports smuck 24. I like that. Dave wants that 20. Come on. I got a pick on on poor Dave. He was such a big success with a bearer. And just because he's lost a few games here and doesn't know what to scream. Read of an Anna. Lou Holtz's got eight. He's an idiot. Duane Sutter 4. Terry Murray 3. I just to facts the more to Eric. To get some more names on there. Here's a facts that says, hey Neil, maybe you should end to the pull question. Which coach or announcer is the or see he got it pick on my good buddy. Mo all the time. Is the worst or biggest answer. But Mohard would win hands down. Absolutely. No question. Says hey Wayne by out the way Dave wants that. Why do you read it? Make up for awful Dave by out the mo. So we don't have to listen to was sorry. Ask no mo. Absolutely. He has name. You can't have any pull and leave out. Mo I hate his answer. I heard him referring to this morning. Well, I really care what he says about me. Because the good news is it's the third straight. And manage to miss him at 8 to 15 or whatever hell it is. In fact, I come in a little bit later each morning because I don't want to break my lucky streak. He don't want to see me. I don't want to see him. I don't want to see him. I don't want to smell him. I don't want to know from him. Okay. In any way, shape or foam. You know what I mean? Absolutely. Good. Stay in hell away, Mo. I hate you like poison. Dave Campo Dallas Cowboys. Okay. There's a choice. I just better write these down. Because now I find myself in the uninvisible position of doing like 16 different jobs. And that's okay. You can pay the big bucks and you're right about that. But the Denver fan was doing so well. He was on a roll. I guess his brains are coming on scrambled after the Patriots kicked their ass. After Tom Brady threw that lead touchdown pass to win a game in a fourth quarter. Denver fans is a not sure what the coach was for the 1916 Comberland team. Maybe you can get that more on a system. We're just to look it up. No, he's not capable of doing that. Why do you probably should know this anyway? The coach of the 1969 16 Comberland team. The Comberland. What? What does that mean? He said it was so bad they lost a Georgia Tech 222 to nothing. The worst college defeat ever. Coach Heisman had to agree to shorten the game three minutes to end a game sooner. Please find the name for the coach and you find your winner. Well, just be that doesn't make him the worst coach. Maybe he had no talent. Maybe it was a girl school in a lecture of the teams that the Hurconans beat up on. A girls team like Temple or Vassar or Yashiva. Similar as the little girls team like the Hurconans are a font of beating up 85 to zip. But anyway, we're in a latchman. We got him on list now. Back in those awful Marlin days, boy, those were the days weren't they? Walk away when they. And yes, I did just play the classic for you. Thank you very much for reminding us bringing those painful memories back. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. We're going to have a fan hit tomorrow. And I guess if I had any brains, I'd look on here and see where it helps. Because I don't have a thing from Miguel yet. He wasn't here earlier, but he's busy. He's servicing to read now to 1130. So I'll find it on here. It's on our prestigious website. Where it hell is it? Miguel will be tomorrow. Thursday, November 13. Noon to two at the Marine Max boats. 700 South Federal Highwind Pompatobiece. The Vanil B. there and I have all our best in the emergency. Nice and clean. And don't do it. And is he also take the cups and the, and the, and the mouse pads out when he goes out on these things, you're not. No, we haven't had them available. Why not? I don't really need those were the first I've seen of them. Pretty, but who's seen the CD covered this year with my farting on most grave, which is a beautiful thing. What the, what the was that? Uh, that's your phone that they just repaired. Oh. I don't understand, but what's going on there? Oh, was I just saying, I don't know if they had those out there, but they really should because the mugs in the, my spes, anyway, I have our best meal merchandise there tomorrow. They did, they worked on that thing. They shouldn't have did it with it. It was working fine when I left here yesterday. And now it's all screwed up the fax machine. They worked on it yesterday. Would do it in what? You just got through saying that. Oh, I thought that was the phone. That was the fax machine. Tucker fax is and said, I'm just, I'm just going to pretend you're not in there. I just can, I get a curtain please. Can somebody please draw the curtain so I just can pretend that there's nobody in the other room. Tucker says this might not, what do you say? Do we have those things or not? Miguel will know. They're online only. Why is that? We don't have the access to them. They, they print them while they're ordered. As they're ordered, I mean. Oh, I see. Absolutely. What do you mean? What do you mean? What do you mean? Well, how do you print a coffee mug? Well, what does that mean? They print them as they're ordered. They make them as they're ordered. Somebody orders them. They go, they make them and they send it to them. Are you sure? Uh-huh. And even the mouse pads? Correct. Well, that's a good idea. That means we don't have to waste any time. How long do you have to stick this in the kiln before it finally your web us? Six months? No, did it live on about two or three days? In two or three, one? Days? Uh-huh. Great. So go online on thearages.com, when you click that thing on with a band and pet rescue. Don't just get the CDs and they are key chains. That'd be funny. But all the other good stuff is really, it's really a good looking stuff. All of these things, right? Anyway, Tucker says this might not qualify because of his past success, but he's about a stubborn old fart. And uh, now I see Joe Paterna. I don't like Joe Paterna. I can't stand him. But how can he be the worst coach of all time when he's won all of those games when Pants, they're one national championships when they've won all kinds of bold games? I mean, it's just Tucker. I think you weren't at both high a little bit too tight. Come on, Tucker. I'm going to pretend you didn't send me that. Facts, okay? We're not asking you which coach do dislike the most. That'll be tomorrow. Ha ha ha. And I bet you they want that when hands down your pantalones baby. No question about it. They hate him. They hate you Dave. What are you done for his lately? But what's the difference really when you come right down to because the last several years of his tenure, Schulte was seen out. I don't quite have the brain stem. And then of course Jimmy Johnson sold everybody a big bullet goods. If he could coach is good as he talks, but he talks to you with game now. And I do also want to say this. I'm never ever going to watch one minute of those NFL pre game shows. You have to be, you really have to be a moron to watch that. Absolutely. There's Terry Bradshaw who already is a moron. They're playing grab ass with everybody all sitting around. I said on Fox with how he long and those guys and then if you don't like that, then you got neon, neon, neon, I seriously. I hit the NAACP should be protesting against CBS for having the on Sanders. He does a routine. He's like a a strict rest step in fetched playing a pimps is what. And in fact, I want to say, where's the yellow catalac? The on you. I'm talking about I was speaking shows. I mean that is nasty. That's stuff he's doing. You know what it would for a coach. Like a gyvas, you know what? You know what? You know what? I don't want to say it. I will. No, it's just it's horrendous like a pimp like a low class pimps. What you come across is who do you need to see that? Bad stuff. The NAACP instead of wasting your time on bullcrab go after CBS. Go after Jimmy the Greek again. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5. I think my fat machine screwed up. I'm trying to facts Eric. Oh, it's fine to connect it. I'll maybe Eric like shoved some of a pestromia into his. It was fast machine. That might be it. I don't know what to say. You got a blank page. He said nothing came out. Well, just relax. You're little you're both a little bit too tense. Just knock it down a few notches relax. Everybody calm down. I'll take care of it. 19 to 11. What is it? Say on there. One page said okay. So probably getting another blank page momentarily. Just using his wallpaper. Eric. It'll be a beautiful thing. 19 to 11 at 5 60. W. We got the mad dog the angry. He's coming up into the staff. No, the hump. I know Hank. He's coming here. You can always not on until the 4. We're welcome. I've seen Hank in months and months and months. And I heard he lost the answer to as well. So Hank will be on 4 to 7 today. The big. And we apologize in advance. 7 to 10 tonight to big. 10 to 2 at city K and join Mark overnight 2 to 5 and a. And then my close best personal friend. More Howard David. Absolutely. And with that could sweet guilty. Well, I really offended me on a very personal level. I'm watching him on that screen at the arena. Gildy. Just a little butt plug. Hey, if you're underpaid if you're overworked if you job isn't worth a piece of cramp. Here's the answer for you. Get yourself a new high paying career. You don't have to take 4 years and go to college. How about 4 months? 4 months to change your life. Sounds like a good deal to me. Just call fast train till 3 at 1 8 6 6 fast train. That can have you trained in certified for a high paying computer network professional career. Or a high paying medical services specialist career. Just little as for a month. You can be fully trained already for a great new career. Which means a big fat paycheck a life in just 4 months. They are for you. Even if we can classes, fast train also offers job placement assistance and even financial aid to people who qualify as well. So if you're tired of your nickel and dime job if you're tired of working for a schmuck. Here's the deal for you. Change your life by checking out fast train. 6 can be locations in Florida, including 4 in South Florida means there is bound to be one. The odds are pretty damn good. There's one close by you. So check them out of the web first. If you like it fast train. Comment and make that call. Call them today. You're telling a Todd Dreck told you to call 1 866 fast train. My life and love. This is 4 20 5 60. You win 2 and a a. A nail. Alright. I'm a co-peeteed fat tail the nail and chill. I love birds and you to couch your bronze E. Northrop and Ron MCI World Time figure and bots tail are in air Mickey. Pan lock brown and roof. Paralyen the rendered roof. Murder. Docs Fox News and Reuters on Young Moons. Choice point democracy by gay to basic allergies. Chuck Bagels aye bold. Blocking out your vote. George Bush is a liar. Explaining 9 11 and 4 global empire. George Bush is a liar. And based on a leg hit by an house occupying. If shady wolf will win Richard Perl another tick and Drew Card Carl Robe and Mark Electric Kick Co. He'll push can't push George P and Daddy Bush. Preston and Columbo no well not mentioned. Marble. Rader Bob no tax. Staps the IA in the back. Runsville says all as well another soldier dies. Outspoken them a crack in the mail they get in. Rex Carnahan will soon dead before their time. George Bush is a liar. Like all his poor Britney O'Connor that team are done. George Bush is a liar. And the sin is there media. As you believe in George Bush is a liar. The song is something that'll never get on to channel. George Bush is a liar. The traitor Anthony in a criminal piece. George Bush is a liar. A liar. A liar. A liar. A liar. It's 13 to 11 and 560 at least 22 people killed a day. An explosion went two vehicles crashed again while the attack in military police headquarters in Nassaria Iraq coalition Iraqi hospital officials be saying. 22 more dead people. The blast and the southeast in Iraqi city killed 14 Italians. They said 11 Italian military police and three soldiers died. A truck barrel through the gate followed by a sedan and one of them exploded to coalition. The 10 officials said the car was carrying a detonator. But it wasn't clear whether the vehicle to truck or the two were a pack with explosives. Officials said. So there's people like innocent people who'd still be alive today for weren't for all this insanity that's going on. But the public is sitting back on. But the work like that. That's exactly what they're doing and nothing's going to phase them. Also a story that a couple of people mentioned yesterday. I think we had it on the website over the weekend. But it's worth mentioning again to show that this administration is all heart and really cares about our troops. The Bush administration is seeking to block money for US troops tortured in Iraqi prisons in 1991. Gulf War. So the New York Times on Monday. Last summer, a federal court ruled 17 soldiers were in. And title was share of the hundreds of millions of dollars of frozen Iraqi assets. But in a court challenge, the administration is winning but not eager to publicize. Administration lawyers have argued those frozen assets are now needed for Iraqi reconstruction. And the judgment one last year should be overturned. In other words, don't take care of our troops who were in tortured by the lunatics over there because we got bigger fish to fry. Former prisoner David Eberley, a return-air force Colonel who's up 15 fighter was shot down over Iraq. And who said his interrogators repeatedly pointed to gun who's head and pulled a trigger on an empty chamber. City was surprised by the challenge. The administration wants $87 billion for Iraqi said. The money in our cases just dropped a blood in the bucket. Officials at the Justice State Department say the case cannot be allowed to hinder US foreign policy and get away the administration's multi-billion dollar reconstruction effort in our rack. Right. They're all heart baby. Put your life on the line. And then we'll stick you to the screen a bank. That's best we can. What pro or college coach or manager was the absolute worst of all time. I still don't care about sports. It's muck 37 good excellent. Nice work. You live a lot longer that way. They've once that 32. Terry Murray 12. Good. Good choice. Lou Holts 10. Wayne Sutter 4. Got some hockey people out there out of 101 vote. Rich co-tides got a pair. Dave Campo. One Barry Switzerland. Barry Switzerland's got one. And then a suitcase. A period Clarks got one. David Schultle's got one. And Renee Latsman's got none. See the Marlin fans are basking in the glory of all the world series victory. So we don't want to say nothing bad about Marlin's past or present. Even John Henry right. Even John Henry never stole a freight train. And he was a hell of a house make no mistake about that. I must be crazy. I must be not. Yeah you're right. 560560. 550 on the AT&T. You know they got the what. Yeah look. And Verizon wireless line. Here's a call from now that you need to be making up. Dear field again. That's for an arrow. Dear field beach. I think everybody moved to dear field. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. This is Mike and Kendall. It says dear field on here. I think he's just playing with me. Go ahead. He's playing with it. He's playing with it. Yeah. Happy belated birthday. Thanks Mike. Yeah today today. Today's one. Today's my birthday. Is it really how old? 53. Are you just a spring chicken compared to me? Yeah. Well. Wait till you get old like me man. Here's young as you feel. You start counting your bowel movements. Then you'll know you're really getting old. My worst coach is loose saving. Loose saving of the buffalo bills. Yeah. Oh my. He was pathetic. And wasn't he down here for about 10 minutes? Yeah. He was here too. He was here for about 10 minutes and he left town in the middle of the night. Thanks a lot. Have a happy pal. Thanks. See. Loose saving. What was being back some really ugly memories. That's how that right now. 560 pound 560 on the AT&T. How about Terry Bowden? I don't know if he was in a coach Auburn or something like that. Yes he did. I don't know if he was a good coach or not. I'm not putting him really on there. I just I can't get over the fact that there's such a thing. I was going to say such a person but I wouldn't categorize him as a person. It's like a creature like a. A. A. Munchkin. A rednecky munchkin. Boy, it's so exciting that fix his fixed the phone in here. Everything's working on nice one. Fix it here to best man. He went somebody does good by me. I'll give Malliquet into where I go out of my way to sing their praises from the mountain tops. If we had a mountain here to wave any mountains. No, I'll sing him from the Everdeway. But when somebody crosses me when somebody doesn't get the job done, right? Like George Corso for example, why hope breaks both legs next time. Then I like Ripham and ask because they deserve it. Here's a call out there on the alley. Hello. Yeah, I want to go for Gary Faust. Gary Faust is a Notre Dame who I think that they put him on a crucifix. Didn't they? Yes they did. And probably good choice. Thank you sir. Thank you. I'm so excited. We hate Notre Dame on a show or what on this show. Oh yes we do. We hate Notre Dame. Come on Larry. It's more like it. We despise Notre Dame. Like Eric Parsigian. Now he's not an elisca because he won a lot of games. But just oh anybody connected with Notre Dame. You just want to the only one I felt really sorry for Terry. What the was his name? They got at the they fired right in the middle of the Terry Brennan. Was that it? He's no relation to George Brennan who drives at the metal lands. What? I know the metal lands. Do you know Terry George Brennan? You know John Campbell. You know Jackie Mo. Oh you got to know Jackie Mo. Do you know which he's silverman? Good Jewish boy. Like Jackie Mo. Anyway, what was I just saying Terry Brennan? I think I'm going to put him on the list. Boy they just oh the Pope I think came in personal and stuck it to him. How about Dan divine? Dan divine was awful. That's a good choice. Did he coach the Packers? Yes he did. See I know a little bit about this stuff. Those of you think I don't know nothing about sports. I probably know more about if I would take in all the sports together than all these sports sports experts on his radio station. If you count my hockey knowledge and my harness racing and my Thurabred knowledge which is often a pass. But I'm telling you I know a few of these things and my memory is such that someday might remember them but I doubt it. How many ball movements? I'll tell you what they what they was it. Let's see Monday. But third man. I'm not exaggerating. I'll tell you one thing. I said a world record Guinness Booker records. I'll be in there. But third man. Just look under crap. You'll see my picture. Here's the call. It says from Atlanta. Hello. You're so pretty good. You know, if you're really on this up with this pole but it's very difficult to think of a coach that is just that back because I want to hate. I want to give you the coaches I hate. Well, you're not telling me who you hate but that is in there. That's over the pool. So, and that would be definitely go for ourselves. But beyond that. Seven and one. Seven and two. One. One. What an asshole. Yeah. We're not asking who's the biggest asshole coach. I mean, I want to cover so lot of territory. That's why it's a tough, tough boy. Because then Bobby now would have to be near the top of listen. What he haze would have to be on there. Guys like that. Bear Brian. I got to go. I got to go hockey for you. And it's got to be Robbie for Torque. Nice guy. Wildy coach. Never made it in the NHL and either. No, no. It's got his mouth in me. But trust you'd have a line. I don't know who Robbie for Torque is. But why is he the worst coach ever? Well, because he just never wanted anything. He got up there and he would choke and he's a nice guy. But he just never did anything with the, with the, the Bruins or Who else they could? The devil's devil. Right. But he's the worst coach. He's the worst in Tom Watt. The coach to leave once upon a time. Well, red Kelly that used to draw like diagrams of like bunny rabbits or whatever. I mean, I don't think so. Okay. I'm not going to fight. But you're depressed because of Robbie Cox. I know it. Have a great day, pal. He's in Atlanta. He's well, he's depressed because Bobby Cox is choking at all. If he's not choking at the ballpark, he's choking his wife at home. You know, what are those things? Poor Bobby. You know who drives me crazy? Is it Leo Mazzoni? Is that they're pitching coach? Yeah, who sits in the nice got the mustache. He sits in the dugout and he rocks back and forth. He doesn't have a rockings here, but he's sitting on a bench and he's rocking back and Or I bite away. Rick, Rick Dudley was not pacing up and down the ice. I forget what you'd lose her with the sun. Send all look up in my sports section. What about you idiots? We got here. He writes about last night's coaching. They'd be a Rick Dud, here it is. Who wrote this? So piece of crap. They got so many idiots. Let's see. What's the headline? Dudley enjoys first win. It's my own Russo. Probably Russo. I think. Yeah. Not that's not it. Skolnik, where would this kid is? He talks about how he was pacing up and down the ice. He was pacing up and down behind the bench. Not the ice. Now, maybe he didn't write that. I got to find it. It is such a stupid idiotic girl line. And I can't. Oh, here to know, we like to apologize, Miss Skolnik. You punk kid you. It was the anxious fat micro. So too many Godwain Adam sandwiches at the ballgame in the press box. Mike, you tub a crap. He says, um, my head at here somewhere. I just seen it up and down. Let's go practice. Here, Dudley marched up and down the ice. Clap and constantly reassuring his group after good safe, Texas scoring chances. He wasn't marching up and down the ice. Again, was he what? Mike Russo writes that Rick Dudley was marching up and down. The freak and ice. Oh, my God, Mike, you're such a silly little fat boy. Why didn't you look a very jackass? It looks like a match made in heaven to me. But watch out for your back though. We'll get sore about it. Is that pathetic or what? Yeah. This is so called news paper. This is what you have for fish wrappers here in South Florida. 1057 at 560 WQM. Poor Dave wants that man. He's right in there with I don't care about sports. Smuck. 41 appeased leaving the pack. The worst. The worst. They hate you Dave. They just despise you. They find you. Humbly unacceptable. They want to freeze your head like Ted Williams. Only the only difference being while it's still attached. Hey, if you want to replace the terrible carpet in your home, let me tell you about lamb and its arouse. They're the easy, low maintenance alternative to natural or flooring, which caught you in arm and five legs. Lamb and its arouse is the best place to find laminated wood flooring from parrot or per grow. Wilson art uniform and quitch step. And all of lamb and its arouse flooring is installed by per go sur defied in scalars too. Here's another great reason why I ought to be called lamb and its arouse. They're prices are so low. They're probably flooring. I don't want to play that thing. Okay. I'm not going to play it. The body fall. Because that's. Their prices are so low. They'll flooring. In fact, right now you can get their fall special. For just 1495 bucks. Just 1495 dollars gets you all of this up to 295 square feet of beautiful lamb and it would flooring, which is positively unbalatable. And lamb and its arouse will match any legitimate written offer too. You can't beat him with a stick. For free in homestimate call laminates arouse at that toll free number I always give you. 1 8 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 3 3 36. They make it so simple. It's like a piece of cake without the calories in the carbs. Free carpet disposal free furniture moving to 25 year warranty. And years of beautiful easy to care for lamb and wood flooring. What do you got to lose? Call laminates arouse today toll free at 1 8 7 7 7 7 7 7 3 3 3 3 6 6. Just mind, what do you got to lose? CONCOMPLAYORGASRE Keep them sound. Nigeria ??? Father último Strongest Now that their chance they have a fancy bounding then like rats, who went to sell a drink over, what refunds for their has-a-s their just frog-running farmies, compunning foe-meat, short-on support unless they want their, yet they're just frog-running farmies, but running foe-meat, don't give a crap about the one. My amy-brang sound-eating about him, mile-square, but all around the boring, can't learn no one really cares. For whole that ain't interesting supporting their own team, will call up for whole-rave-you to get their tickets free, because they're just frog-running foe-meat, out-of-coming foe-meat, short-on support unless they want. And they're just at your front-line, my mind. So we don't hold no. It's 11-0-2-5-60WQM. Anyway, here's the facts again. Denver Fan only one-fax per day just like phone calls, just calm yourself down, okay? I know that loss was traumatic, tough to take. John McCabe, the 10th of eight buck in year, 76-77, what he forgets, though, is that John McCabe was a great football coach at USC for about 100 years. Am I right? Absolutely. There you go. I rest my case. What is levels in here, just- I don't want to start now. I'm in too good of a mood, I don't want to start. Nice. We really enjoy going to that game last night. It's awesome. I want to say hi to Mr. Mishes Howard Kleinberg, my good personal friends across the way. How you don't guys? They seem to be enjoying themselves last night, a couple of loyal panther fans. Going back and they drive all the way up from my down-of-a-kindle. They slip all the way up. That's how loyal they are. And a lot of other nice people in my section there. It would nice to be there. We had a really enjoyable atmosphere in the whole ambiance. The only thing is the sound in there is, so it is ear piercing. I was sitting there before the game because we get there really. I thought, boy, they got to crank down. It's like the show and those highlight films and all the stuff I thought they finally got a happy medium here in terms of the level of the sound. And then once the game started, man. I think, I mean, you have to have- If you ever go out of playing like in business class, what do you give it those little kits? Like if you fly to Europe and they give you the little shoes and the slippers and all the stuff. And they give you the ear plugs on the plane. To sleep with? Save the ear plugs because believe me, when you go to the macaroon, you'll need them. Yeah. Oh, I mean, last night, there were a couple of times that a crank-up so long. And I'm supposed to be getting deaf from our slim body disease. You know, in fact, I'm going to start taking some macie condensers. You're going to do it. But what are we talking about here? Really too loud. When somebody scores a goal in the yellow Panthers, I mean, you can't even make it out. So distorted. No, no, I'm- when I scored a goal, I don't mind a lot of noise. That's fine. All the enthusiasm. But I'm just talking about constantly, just never writing. And then of course, in between the periods. And then when Gildy's piercing voice comes out. At that point, I just want to leave. Here's the fact this is the absolute, absolutely. Absolutely. Worst coach ever, Ray Handley, New York Jones followed parcels for two years and he's sucked. Well, I don't know about that. I think you're a mehchaki city sucked. Of course he thinks everybody sucks. He's out for the year, I think, isn't he? How are we doing a sports show today? This is bad. I don't want to do no sports. You're all we're sure is how put some of these other people to shame. It's a sports pole. Yeah, that's right. Sports pole. I don't care about sports. Muck is 50. That's all right. You'll be okay. Just, you know, we'll interspersed some of the other stuff in here. Like Robert Sears, ladies, column and the LA Times. Got some really good stuff on our website. And be sure to take a puke at the El Presidente on the WMD Countdown continues. It can be going on for a long time. It's going on for a long time. There's still search and just like the searchers, man. They're looking. I mean, the coachers, they're searching for it. And see that LA football coach Charlie Pele. So I got him on the list. Charlie Pele, his coach and smell. And then you'll be happy with this, but I'm not putting it on there because it's ludicrous. From Dave the, uh, something about the Dave the cop. Oh, no wonder it's from Dave the cop. Who's the same Lewis fan. Bobby Cox, he says. Chokes on a big ones like Kathy Willots. Sorry. Sorry, baby. Can't put Bobby Cox on her because of the fact that the brave's win the division every single year. And so he, the team chokes on a series. Don't blame him. Because if they, if they see if he chokes on a series, he's going to get the blame for that. Then give him the credit for the division. If the players, uh, see what I'm saying? I'm, you can't, uh, he's been around too long. We, the worst coach or manager all the time. That's just ludicrous. Dave the cop. So book up and get a life. Steve in, uh, Louisville says. I love people to say Louisville can tuck you. Don't you love that Louisville? Yeah. That's like Chicago. He says, how about an opponent both done because that he tore lines. A sad sad franchise. Even van Patrick is rolling over in his grave with his big fatchins. Well, the, uh, money clerk and Wayne Fonds put him both on there from the Detroit lines. Who couldn't win a fist game. Thanks, Steve. And Louisville. Five six. Yeah. Five 60. Pond. Five 60 on a AT&T. If he arrives, he world while wireless line. I guess we asked who's the best coach ever. We would probably say we're Dudley. Right. Let's go for wreck. He's undefeated as the Panther head coach. He's one and, you know, I listened. I'm hoping for their sake. I want the franchise to do well. I'm not. I'm not really that much of a panther fan anymore because I, you know, it's hard to be when you don't know who to hell's on the team. And I don't go to many games even when I'm here. I just can't get into it. But if the games, when are lose or tie if the games were as entertaining as last night, I go all the time like I used to slap all the way down to Miami. Never missed a game hasn't sounded like that since opening night. It hasn't been that exciting and enthusiastic in a long time. It was a good 11, 12,000 people in there. 10, whatever. Was it? It was soon on a Wednesday night, not too bad. I'll do it. They'd win. Oh, yeah. You know something if you say they win every day sooner later, you'll be right again. The win tonight. Let's hope sooner. Well, they're not going to lose tonight. I'll tell you that. They're not playing tonight. That's right. Uh, what pro are college coach or manager was the absolute worst of all time, but it will be a lot of names on this list. Now, Eric, you notice I'm factzing and you can just go and eat a few sandwiches and take here if you're very important money making business. And when you get around adding to other ones on there, you'll have like whole bunches like, uh, presses with the bananas on, uh, passions. I missed that. You missed one. Passion. You missed the yesterday. Yes. Oh, my God. And yesterday was the pivotal day. Not now. You know how that is. It just goes on and on and on and on and the wall as she comes down there and she's got the baby. Louise, this is your baby. I like that. You got to be there and see it to know what we're talking about. If you're missing on our passions, you're just your life is just incomplete. But that's a soap opera. No thought it's a comedy. It's a panic. I still don't care about sports. It's about 53. It's leading the way. Okay. 42% of their 31%. Dave wants that though. And that's 54 now. Dave wants that 43. And in fact, wants that's pulled away from the pack. Just like the old cheesehead who pulled away from the pack. Terry Murray, 19, Rich, co-type 14, Lou Holtz's got 11. It makes me feel very proud. I feel like, uh, what's his name, Peter Proud. Michael Cyrizen. Very switzer eight. David Schulos six. Duane Sutter's got five. The other Sutter. Dave Campo five. Perry Clark's got five. Renee Latsman's got five. One thing I always wondered when he was a man's unit of my own. I always wondered, nobody could ever give me answer. He was really the two. That's me. Gary Fowse II, Lou Sabin I, Ray Handley I, and the nobody else got any. Well, I just went on there. Terry Brennan, Charlie Pell, Monty Clark, Wayne Fawms, and Dan Devine. Andy Devine's got a couple out of 179. And Devine has got a big pair. Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T and the Ryzen wireless line. Just, it's kind of scary. I mean, things are actually working in here now. Thomas, enough to make me stay, want to stay a few more weeks. I said almost. Well, here's a call from Amplidan with Wisconsin. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you doing, sir? I'm doing great. And I think God, I found you online. I moved up here from, for Waterdale in June. And, uh, you're getting through today with your show, baby. Excellent. Yeah. I want to nominate a culture. I don't know too much about his record, but Dave Bliss that do spag from Baylor that tried to cover up that murder of his player last summer. Dave Bliss? Yeah. Yeah. Patrick, don't need a big kid get killed by that. Right. Oh, yeah. Of course. Yeah. I mean, what kind of a, uh, unethical, uh, unethical, uh, piece of crap. I think the more you're looking for a piece of crap. Yeah. That's exactly what he was. Okay. That's a good, good choice of words. Yeah. So you're back in my, I'm here right now. For a little bit, yeah, for a few days until I can't stand it, no mole. So I wanted to mow in his hairpiece of Tasman after get out of here. Oh, man. Yeah. Well, you know what? I'm just so happy I was able to find down line. And I'm so happy that I'm going to be getting out of here. So it rains here every day. It's the middle of November all already. It's a humid and a, uh, and pours every guy down there. Yesterday was like somebody kept turning the faucet on and off. It just didn't stop. Yeah. I read the fun something on the everyday online. I know it's a crappy paper, but, uh, Well, read my crusade. It was column in your fight out that our new hockey coach was dancing up and down the ice last night. It was great. Have a great day, pal. Okay. Okay. Look out for the cheeseheads. Thanks, but. 11 past 11 at 5, 60 W to come. How about Vince Laund party? Ha ha ha. That's just a joke. Well, I mean, I just say it because it's like Bobby Cox. You want to meet a put that on there. The worst coach isn't somebody who hasn't, doesn't always win the world series or the Championship or the Super Bowl or to Stanley Cup or to gray cup or the gay cup. That's not the worst coach. See, keep your eye on the balls. Okay. I try to remember what the question is, who what pro or college or manager was the absolute worst, not just maybe, not just, uh, not so good, but absolutely. The worst of all time. Okay. That's not somebody keeps winning all kinds of division championships. Things like that. Even though he may be choking it a little bit. 11 past 11. I'll tell you one thing. If I managed the, uh, brave's when Dale Murphy was on it, he might not have choked it. Del Murphy. He drinks a lot of milk. He's a good all American boy. That's why even who is a great player. Nobody has any idea who'd be there. Remember who many more because he was boring. He came up as a catcher. Remember he had that, well, I don't, I want to get it as personal life. I thought that was Johnny Bench. Hey, everybody seems to be on a low carb diet today. You know, I also find another thing. I just got over the stomach problem. My, uh, I think was a stomach virus. But anyway, when I'm here, I got to pull this mic up. There we go. Because I sit up against this and it presses against you guy. Then puppet the whole time. And I'm like pressing against my big fat protrusion and my stomach, too. If anybody out there wants to get rid of that big fat stomach, get rid of all you disgusting. Wait, here's a place you're going to love shopping at. Delights a West Boca, the one and only. Your search for a place like this is over. Because they're right here in South Florida in beautiful West Boca. They've got in this one great sur over a thousand low carb product. They got your bagels and breads and cheese cakes and muffins and brownies and choppets and pasta and sauces and chips and dips and catchups that world famous carbolite ice cream and lots of new things like the Blitz Stoke mince. I thought I was going to say blinces. Judy's low carb peanut brittle. Champion light drinks are back in five delicious flavors. Simply low carb bread would stevia. Elanuba James will be jamming on it in seven gourmet flavors. Carb slim bites a great snack with that good. There's no malt of all her stuff like that. So you won't make it lots of trips. Chopper caramel or peanut butter flavored. Slim carb fudgies fraud you fudge packers out there. Fudge brownies or chocolate resberg cookies. They all sound great and they taste great and they have that's what you need when you're going to have some of those hackkins or low carb diets because you know you got to have something with some taste when at the when you're sweet to starts acting up. You got to have something to satisfy and that's why you're loved to lights. You can try anything the story can sample it before you bite and the hackkins products all of them. The vitamins, the books, the products around sale all day every day. The lights is open seven days a week. Ten to ten you'll find them on the northeast corner of glazed in 441. Next to Boston Market safely far from most house. You can call them tool free at 1 877 low carb. That's what the WLOW CERV or on the web. You'll find a bit low carb.com. The lights are my spoken to your official atkins retail sales. The logo of this is five 60s. The ringers on your. PUE. CSI Montgomery Alabama. I won't know for sure until I get to the lab but I think it looks like coveting thy neighbors. Why CSI Montgomery Alabama with a 10 commandments rule. So what do you got for me? Your victim had tuna salad for lunch. Bore falls wetness had at least several false gods before him and may not have honored his mother and father. But all the tests aren't in. CSI Montgomery Alabama. Son of not at night right after let's pray until it hurts. 11 17 let's pray until it hurts. Okay, Alabama was the house judge more. In a pre-trial brief Alabama Attorney General Bill prior requested Chief Justice Roy Moore be removed from office for defying of federal judges order to remove that grant. 10 commandments monument from the rotunda of the Alabama judicial building. More scheduled appeared today before the state court of the judiciary and a trial act proceeding where he faces a number of possible. It comes from exoneration to remove from office. I like that. On his palm brim raises. Well, I love the way they, and I say this only sarcastically the way they describe the situation is becoming unmanageable in Iraq. Which is why they brought him back here because it's just out of control. We're talking about security and the safety of the troops in every. Everybody over there, people are dying like flies and it's training to like utter chaos. They just realize that now. They just take me that out like, oh, we got a oops. We got a problem here. Houston. In his brief prior said the judge had be removed because he intentionally and publicly engaged in his conduct because he remains unrepentant for his behavior. The chief justice should receive the severest penalty for his sensational flooding of a valid federal injunction prior wrote. And you know what he's absolutely correct. Got his thumb right on it. When I'll see Oscar Bravo, but your phone in name don't waste your time sending anymore facts to zero because I'm not going to read him. I see your sending him to mad dog at the wrong. Thanks machine. Get lost with your phone in name. 5, 6, 7, 0, see I know the crank calls and other crank. Facts is I know I see him in my bowel movement. Back to him. 63 votes for I still don't care about sports or Schmortz spuck. That's 28.3%. But Dave wants that's leading the way. He's got 51 votes. The worst. The absolute worst of all time. Not just worst right now. But the absolute positive worst of all time. In other words. Absolutely. No question about it. Once that 51 Terry Murray 21, the fans hated you. The players hated you Terry. You're got a person at like a frog like a dead one like a buffalo. On that's right. That's the beast of buffalo rich co tie 21. Luholt's 11. Very swishers got nine David Schula eight. Julia Julia. Here he found seven Perry Clark seven Renee Lachman six. I just like playing that little that thinky thing. I like playing. The watch me. Oh, is the on that eighth 50 station. The watch me that big sports thing that normal can't by the way, normal. Where were your last 90. Would you do little Faggot you? The watch me. Dave Campos got six. The watch me. Wayne Sutter's got five. The watch me. Wayne Fons got a pair. The watch me. Ray Handley and the Charlie Pidditch appell Charlie Pidditch. Charlie Pidditch. Charlie Pellies have to. Bonnie Clark and Lou Sabine each have one. There's no boats yet for poor Terry Brent and that's good because he took so much craven Notre Dame man and Catholics is about roasted him. They're just about kneeling up to across Jesus. Ron Ross Dean Dave Bliss and Joe Walton and Duffy Dirty. I put him on every should state day and divine. I'll have none so far. 25. Oh, my Michigan state friends out there with popwood. Duffy Dirty on there. He was just oh. But you're in a half and a cloud of dust. That was a specialty. Exhaust breathing. Anyway, here's some facts. What about Lee Corso? He's heard toxic good game. Did I put him on her yet? I'll put him on her. Lee Corso was an awful coach. As an awful talking hit on the SPN as well. A major asshole but not a bigger asshole than our close personal friend. Mo. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Wow. How do you like that? Let's pick up instead of collecting money for charity. We'll just take up a collection of pay off most salary. What do you think? Probably raise more money than anything else. And then here's one and see this. You don't people don't get it. You just your sour. You're bitter. Your mean people. Is there a worst coach than Pat Riley? Of course. 8 million dollars salary. Plus 80 million dollar pay roll 25. If I win, you could win a championship of Karim magic worthy. Maybe I could. They won and spider rally. It said now he just had too much success elsewhere. Whether without great players and don't be saying these the worst coach ever. And Scott tell me's bragging about how he broke the news of Riley resigning. Right here on his show. Here on the Neo Roger show on a sports station where you take the sports shows would have been breaking it but no. No way. We broke it right here. Ron Rothstein's beginning to the heat. Good choice. And Joe Walton. I love that choice of the jets. Oh, and better the pre-vent offense. What that was called was Pvent from winning. Every 10 to go in the pre-vent. I mean, we're going to prevent you from winning this game. We'll drop back about 60 yards and let him just march down a field 15, 20, 30 are chunks of time. Joe Walton. He was bad. He was brutal. Now where did he coach Collins before he went to the jets? Joe Walton. Somebody will know. Was you got that dumb look on your face as usual? There was a call from Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes sir. Happy belated birthday. Thank you. I just celebrated number 43 after. Well, yesterday, well that's close enough. Let me give you a little jingo. If I can get my finger on it. And the jingo. Here we go. Thank you. And I'm glad somebody called with David Schuillup because I was really, you know, he was bad. Yeah. And I was really torn between him and that cartoon character John Paul. John bulls. Yeah. The Marlins. Oh, I forgot all about him. Be Olli, yes. That's right. I forgot all about John bulls. Oh, he was the worst. John bulls and logos. Yeah. Right. I'm just going to talk about the weather down here. Yes. I should be at work, but I'm here waiting on air conditioning. Boy to come here. I've been with out east for like three days. Oh my god. Wow. Good luck, man. Yeah. Well, he should be here any minute. I'll see you in Syracuse. Okay. Thank you. Where is that game? By the way, speaking of cues. I hit the people on the station talking crap. Oh, like, no, the hurricanes are so disorganized now. And it's all these problems. And what's his name? I'm going to play because he's got a big mouth in the, uh, screwed up. Uh, it's home. It's here. There's a lot of noises. It's like playing a blind girl school. Okay. I mean, what do you people talking about? The reason they do that is so that after Miami wins like 83 to six, they'll be able to say, oh, you see, we're back. Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh. That's the wrong song. What about that one here? Have a song. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pom, 5, 60. See, I want to say this, and I really mean this. If a community if an area is only judged. This crap about our way. Bless down here, Jim. That kind of garbage. By its sports teams. games. By the success or failure of its sports teams, then that's a pretty sad commentary I would say. Wouldn't you? Sure. Now, I'll give you an example. The most successful franchise in NHL history of the Montreal Canadians. There is no question. They've won far more Stanley Cups than anybody else. Now, I've never been in Montreal and some people tell me it's a very delightful place, but there's one problem with Montreal too many. Frogs. So you'd hardly say that Montreal is paradise, especially those English-speaking people who've been bad you didn't live out of the city because of a bunch of militant obnoxious, smelly frogs with their goddamn Speedos. So just because there are sports hand, of course, in recent years that make enough for it, and this year you mark my words even though they start out pretty good this year. They'll suck. They will suck in bite the big one, although I do like Josie Thedor. He could play on my team anytime if you catch my drift. How's that? And what did Brad Richards do with that skinhead haircut? He must be in Tampa too long. Hey, come on, Brad. You must be hanging out in Temple Terrace. Or lutes? They're all going to be skinheads pretty soon over there. Hey, Brad. He was okay. I think they got some good players on that team. Don't start with that hockey stuff again. Man, you'll blow the whole audience out of here. You're right. I don't want to blow the whole audience. Here's Miami Lake. Hello. Good morning, you all. Yes, sir. When is this? You don't remember, Ballazzy from the Montenegro. Yeah, I do. It just took about about two seconds. Yeah. You wasn't too ballsy old, bullsey. Watching MSNBC last night on the collar. I said that there's somebody trying to fire room smoke. I have the story. It's on our website. It's a matter of fact. We got an all man. Who was the one? Who was the party trying to fire him? Group of Democrats and Congress. I'll find it for you here somewhere. Okay. Okay. I want you to give me an opinion on my opinion. I think John Kerry speaks now, but he looks like hell. What do you think? He looks scary, John Kerry. Isn't he, but I don't like about him. He keeps bringing up his military experience and all other crap. And at the meantime, he didn't have the balls to oppose our involvement in a rack in a first place as opposed to Howard Dean who did right from the beginning. John Kerry to me has been all over the place. I don't, I'm not too fond of him. Here's the story. It's the lead story on our website. 26 House Democrats push to fire Ramesfield. A group of more than 2,000 house represented Democrats on Monday said they didn't reduce the resolution urging President Bush to fire defense secretary Ramesfield. This resolution would make a free so what many members of Congress already believe that the soldiers in Iraq would be helped greatly if Ramesfield would leave. Said represented Charles Rangel of New York, whom I like a lot. Okay. My one is Coach Neil. Yes, sir. That's the magic Johnson for the makers of I. Okay. Thank you. Magic was coach for about two minutes. Right? If that. Well, not everybody can be all things to all people. You know what I'm saying? Just like Dion Sanders and they're talking about how well you know what's his name? Dan Reeves, not Dan Reeves. Who's the coach of the Falcons? Dan Reeves like I said. And they beat the crap out of the giants afterward. And the pregame shooter and which I'll never watch again. There was Dion. I want to coach the Falcons. I want to coach. I'm going to show you. I'm going to coach and everybody on the broadcast. They're saying you couldn't coach you way of a paper sack. You crazy as bastard you. You silly as step-in-fetched pimple looking at it. And then they proceeded wasn't it like 42 to 6 or something like that? I mean Dan Reeves is at an illustrious coaching crew in the National Football League. And here's Dion Sanders, a third-burder in a min-coat, talking crap, talking trash, Dion you make me sick. Seriously, he is bad for race relations in the world, not just in America. He is the worst stereotype of an arrogant obnoxious cell you know what? They're lots me. I'm not him now. 26 past 11 at 5, 60 WQM. Hey if you're fat, what was talking about fat on the shoe? I'm fat, the humpers fat, trash feedman fat. We got the beast is fat. Many people are building just suffering from fatitis. If that's your problem, why not try Balanced for life? You've tried the acnes. You've tried the grapefruit diet. You've tried the fruity diet. You've tried everything under the sun. You've tried Balanced for life. See? Here you go. I stumbled right into it. Balanced for life is the way to do it because if you've frustrated with the others that haven't worked for you, this is easy. Because with the others, it takes a lot of work. You have to worry about what you shop for. You have to count calories, you have to count carbs. They do all the work for you. At Balanced for life. All you do is fill out your menu once a week. They've faxed to you. You faxed back. You have two choices for each meal and snack. Every day that you're in a program. And they bring the food right to your door. They make it so simple that even a moron can do this. That's right. Right at your door every morning by 6 an a and there's your little black sack. Everybody wants to have a little black sack. And in your sack is all the food you need for the entire day. Three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks. Let me emphasize again. No prefabricated food which are usually associated with this kind of program. Nothing in little box. Nothing like with chemicals and all of that other garbage. Everything is fresh and delicious made with the best ingredients and money can buy. You'll love the food. It'll keep you full all day long and you'll watch that weight pour off your body with a matter of days. You'll see results in that scale. So if you're sick and tired of being overweight out of shape on healthy is how the subject and where diabetic all of these things call balance for life today and start losing it right away. Call 9 5 4 5 6 8 32 29 9 5 4 5 6 8 32 29 are visit their website at balance for life.com. We're sports. We'll 5 6 4 You a M. Action station. You're. Oh baby Mcartney. You are on the way. Having been a daddy since yesterday. Heather's expecting. We can work it out. But it doesn't make me want to waste and shout. But our 604 are still changed. I've heard. When this gets thrown up I will be dead. Better stop go down baby white verse. My King is. Oh baby Mcartney. I'm on give me no rest. I have that much better off than he does. Don't know if the kid will be a singer. Just hope it's healthy when it finally comes. One for child to have 10 toes in finger. Unlike it's my baby Mcartney. You're daddy's elderly. One your wife could just let me. One is going to be a little car. We're going to do the same. We're going to put him on a cross and crucify him. Like poor Terry Brennan. See if Notre Dame was like really like a religious school. If the Catholic Church was really such a good bunch of pians. They would be like so obsessive about winning every game in every sport. It would be like sportsmanship is what it would be all about. But it's not. It's like a phonetical insane obsession. Even worse than with the Huracouans man and the best part of it is Notre Dame late. The loser. They're asking everything. Touch down Jesus. Touch down Jesus. Touch down Jesus. You said it baby. In fact every time I see what's his name. Brady Quinn. I say Jesus. I say oh God. There was a God. But at any rate. See like I said he he's a true freshman. Two by the way. Is supposed to a phony sophomore. Or an airzots junior. Or a scene. I'll see you here. Here's one of our chronic facts. I think there must be they must be a little bit like laughing. Guess in this studio. It's getting worse every day in here. I'm like, like this. I'm becoming one of that. That's why I got to get on here. I'm becoming one of you. Love your sports shows. Says the most chronic facts here of them all. And you're putting those other sports holes there. Does shame on a course. Of course. Nobody cares about what about that line back here for the Huracouans. So I had like a hang nail. Did you know that action. Cochars got two toes like that are together on one foot. Really? Yeah. Who's born that way? There are two toes there like a platypus. Platypus. I'm sorry. Platypus. Sorry Jessica. She's getting a roll show. It's called the dumb bitch. I sure hope he ain't really touching. What's his name? I good buddy. What else is name from my 90 degrees? I don't know. He sang the world series. And he sang the star. What the hell is his name again? I can't believe I saw it out of my net. Nick LaShay. Nick Latej. Anyway, what's my take on Brian and Jay? I like it. That's my take on Brian and Jay. I'm loving it as a dolphin despiser. And actually I don't well, of course, Wayne is the head of the organization. So that's good reason that that puts a park marker to on it in the first place. What happened to Moan Jay? And then of course the whole thing with the fan. Oh, Moan Jay, you can't separate them. I saw two legs in the parking lot. It was no they were hanging out of a Moan's car. He was on a way out of here. Well, no, you got to understand it. Well, I don't want to go into it. I don't want to draw you a picture. Here's what it says. Pete Rose, who plays bets against his own team during games. Let's alleged. Okay. A ledge. We don't have any. And although I will say this, he's an idiot. You can bet on it. And if you ever see Pete Rose at the track, you'll want to cry. And we're not impressed. Pete, you can stack all $100 bills up on the table. And we still think you're an asshole. Whether you bet on those games or not. We don't care. You're an asshole with a gambling problem. John Bowles. It says here. Craig and Miami said John Bowles more like John Bowles. Yeah. But he had a movement out of the dugout out of the ballpark, which is a good move. And now they want a world serious. It was a good movement. Poor Dave wants to add. Man, he's I don't think anybody's got to touch him. Nobody can come close to poor old Dave wants to add. I think another good one. Not too soon because we don't get two sports intensive. What city has got the worst franchises or what's the most cursed sports franchises? Sports franchise of all times. Something like that. If we want to get sports in Tena. I see you're like, I'm not saying we ought to do it now. But I'm thinking of like the bears. The bears did want a championship in the or did the bears win or the giants in 64. I think was the or Billy Wade the bears. I think they won the bears won the Super Bowl in 86. They did. They sure did. The bears won the Super Bowl. They beat up on the Patriots. I know. I'm trying to forget it. I know. I was in a burst in game. That was a Drew Bloodsill game. Wasn't that not I was before he was there. That was a joke. Oh, Jim, if man was changed from bears. The bears. But who was the a Patriot quarterback? Come on. 1886. Time's up. I know this. We're on it. 5 6 7 0 5. If you look at my he's in. Who? Tony. Tony. Eastern. I'll decide out of my. I remember the name. Don't remember what he looked like. Probably not too good. Here's my any. Hello. My any. I do remember more. See up. Pup. Yes sir. How you doing? Hey, but you. I got one. I go for you. You got. Buddy Ryan. Buddy Ryan was horrendous man. Culted off. And what an attitude on him too. I got. You better go. And kill people. We get a win this game. Right. Sorry. I'm in. Well said, pal. Go. See. There's a guy with a good sense of humor. He. No winner gamer too. And that's about it. Am I right? Absolutely. Buddy Ryan. Well he was a classy looking guy. The one he is. He's fatter. Now I am. Here's a fact about a fascist. A porn. And I think I hit the mother load here today. I could be wrong. But I don't think so. See the reason the timing of this is it's like a no brainer. Because everybody here is getting fired or quitting or. It'll be between Riley and then he had Torborg. It's season. They brought an ancient old Jack McKee and everybody left. All he did was win the world series. And he got Mike Keenan taking it up the butt from the Panther organization. And Rick dumpster, whatever hell his name is. The worst sports coach of all time was Bob Wade. It says here. See, I'm just thinking I just did I just get to talk about Billy Wade. I really do believe that Billy Wade was the quarterback of the bears. Sometimes in the 60s when they played the Giants and the championship game. There wasn't a super bowl back then. Why are you older? Yeah. He was a John Thompson wannabe after who was hired after lesi. Letting yourself was unjustly canned for any biases death. Wade took a shed at program and killed it. I kind of like sounds like great read. It took Gary away. It was 10 years to bring it back to life. Of course when he was canned Wade blamed it on racism. Not the fact that he couldn't win a game in the attend recruiting violations. That kept Maryland other postseason play for two years. Thank you, Rich. He votes for Bob Wade and I put it on the list. But I excuse my opinion. I say I got to realize I got to write these better so that when I. I fact them to Eric. He can actually read them. Sorry, Eric. You demand. Let's see. Alan, a regular fact. You're right. The sad fact is that Yahoo, Judging Alabama. Well, eventually wind up his governor even worse. You are senator. Maybe president someday. Speaking of crap coaches. What about the third member of the pathetic jet's tram for it? Walt Michaels. He ain't no all Michaels. I'll take that. Okay. We'll put him on there. Jets have had a series. A long tradition of really crappy coaches. Many, many of them. Okay. Thank you up, Miguel. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. I want to tell you right now. Besides getting laid. What the Ferrell is most worried about these days. And that is his bad from Donald mattress. He's he wants it. He's jealous and rightfully so because he knows that virtually everybody else around here. It's got five bucks. A bucks, trucks or more. At the QA, he's got a mattress and Donald mattress. I said, mucks. Anyway, Donald mattress is the place to go because they don't have to go. They have to go there. I have to do his column. Because in the mattress industry, everybody else is well known for all kinds of funny claims and shell games. Ridiculous sale prices don't really sail at all. At Donald mattress, no BS, no baton swish, no phony promises. Just the best unbeatable discount prices every single day on the top brand names in a world now including Stearns and Foster Hewitt. When you call Donald mattress tool free at 1-800 mattress, you get to pick the in time for delivery. I keep telling you this because most people don't believe it, but it's true. 7 days a week from 8 in the morning till 10 in night. If you want them to show up and like between 1-3, they'll be there. If you want them between 2-4, they'll be there. I've been sitting on the mattress for these folks for years. Every time I didn't know when I wouldn't dream about calling anybody else, there's certainly wasting a trip to a bedding or department store. On a sales practice is fantastic on beatable service. Every day low prices same day delivery and free set up and move will make it easy to see. I thought on mattress is ranked number one in customer satisfaction. So it'll get sucked in by the so-called sales with us furniture and bedding stores. They never match what you get every day from dollar mattress. Call or right now you'll be sleeping when a big smile on your push from ear to ear as soon as tonight. Miguel's doing it. George is doing it. Booker, Brian even fat boy doing it. And yours truly. I'm doing it as much as I can. Call tool free 1-800 mattress. 1-800-MATTR-ES or check them out online at mattress.com. You're my man. This is for 20-50. 2-A-M. Reducers of American Idol. Comes a heartwarming collection of favorites and serpidded by American sweetheart. Jerry Shival. You're my man. You're my man. You're my man. You're my man. You're my man. You're my man. You're my man. You're my man. You're my man. This is your life. You're my man. You're my man. You're my man. You're my man. You're my man. You're my man. You're my man. You're my man. Of course you watch the same. Look at she smiling. You're my man. You're my man. You're my man. You're my man. You're my man. You're my man. You're my man. You're my man. You're my man. You're my man. You're my man. You're my man. You're my man. You're my man. You're my man. You're my man. You're my man. You're my man. You're my man. You're my man. You're my man. exploitation available now from the subject interest. That's something here, Twitter's like some kind of problem we call. It's always been like that, like cross between Terry and the Helen Keller. It's 13 till noon at 5.60 WCM and he's levels in here. I've never been working in this studio for five long, excruciating years. I think so because we were one year downstairs on a second floor and I'm making a piece of crap. Five years in this room and in all those years I've never heard the levels and everything is just all over the place but that's okay I don't really care because I just discovered something it's Wednesday. It just dawned on me. Boy, am I dumb or what? I'm an idiot. Is there any doubt? Absolutely. So we got that big one to two comedy, but we're almost done. You realize that's got it. Why do you tell me that? It's Wednesday. I forgot about that. Well, you're still going to do that one to two hours by that point. Sure we are. Right now. Crazy. Why don't we enjoy a lot of people out there with a sense of humor like it? Why the hell should I put in all this extra heavy duty when most of the people here work about two minutes a week? I can't wait for you to have like my buddy there. Nice going Hank. Here's a call from San Francisco. Hello. I guess I need a good morning. Good morning to you sir. Great thank you. I have two names for your poll. Where did it? Dennis Erickson. Dennis Erickson was a piece of crap especially in Seattle man. I know. And how about Jimmy Johnson? Jimmy Johnson won two super bowls didn't he? Yeah, but he didn't do well with the doll tree and didn't even national championships with the University of Miami to the Hurcones. Oh well, I guess you did. Yeah, bet choice. Have a great day, pal. What? Yeah, Dennis Erickson's thinking up to join in for us going out too. Oh, is he? He sure is. He's not the head coach. Yes, he is the head coach of the Niners. You have to be Schmidt and me. I haven't watched him play this here for whatever reason. Dennis Erickson, let's get him on here right away. 567.0560. So that means we only have like another hour of this final right thank God. I'll over get a big response to taxes of pouring in. What pro or college coach or manager was the absolute worst of all time? Absolutely worse. Keep it in mind. Not and don't give me like two or five or ten. If we're going to do that, we could just make a list of every person who ever was a pro or college. See what I'm saying? Well, be the point. Who were the 800 worst managers? They have to distinctly suck. They have to suck real hard. Absolutely. I don't care about sports. 85 you said that 27.5% of middle-thed like little George. They hate it. And that's okay, but just sit back and relax. All right. We need to be the funny papers. They've once that 63 poor old Dave man. I told you he's sucked. On this radio station you'll never ever get the truth about the coaches on unless of course like about the heat because we don't care the heat games on a station, right? Am I right? Yeah, sure. So I can say whatever and how they want. They could rip Pat Bradley and ask when he was still there. They can do whatever they want because we don't care either heat. We're never going to care the heat. And quite frankly, we don't give a flying thing about the heat. But when it comes to the franchises that we carry on his radio station, they're always the sports people out. Every single one of us radio station will suck up. Absolutely. Right. They're all geniuses, but it was Terry Murray. Absolutely. Or BM. Absolutely. Wayne Sutter was a genius. Absolutely. Riverdale was or Dave wants that. Absolutely. Who's got 64 votes and kick and crap over everybody else. There's nobody even close to Dave. Rich Co. Tyts got 35 Terry Murray 25. They hate you Terry. They can't stand you. Terry Fowse 12. David Chua has got 11. Lou Holstell, stuck on 11. Come on. Let's get a little better for Lou there. Only 11. Very swishers got 11. Perry Clark 10. Wayne Fonds 8. Renee Lachman's got 8. I got to play that thing again. I've got to love it. So you don't even know who that is. Colatzman. You some guy in 850. Yeah, he's a sports nerd guy. He used to work here. He used to work at IOD. He's a good guy. Not a bad guy, but that's me. It's just I just love the way that kid says that. The Lachman. Uh, the Wayne Sutter 6 Dave Campo 6. The Lachman. Ray Handley's got 4 John Bulls old. Bulls he started to move up the list. He was bad. Bulls he. He's got 4. Magic Johnson 3 Charlie Pills 3. Uh, Monty Clark 2 Dave Bliss 1, who saved it one day. A Dandivine 1. Ron Ross D1. And no votes yet out of 314. For old Duffy Doraity, a yard and a half an cloud of dust. Oh, Duffy, go away, please. Please. Terry did. Terry Brennan on Pete Rose Nunn. No votes for Buddy Ryan Bob Wade. Walt Michaels or Joe Walton yet. There'll be some Joe Walton votes because we got a lot of New Yorkers here. Man, and they obviously hate him like poison. And what she would die if he has no ready. Nine minutes till noon at 5. 60 WQM. Here's a call from plantation. Hello. Neil, am I on? It sounds just like you. Hello. Yes, sir. This is a fat guy from plantation calling in. I just wanted to get away from the sports for a while and tell you about two significant things in the Miami Herald. The first thing I read today is that I've manned by the name of Maurice Dykes, the YK, and you know about Dykes Road down in Davy named after the gentleman. No, I don't. Well, that's a famous road in Davy Dykes Road. And for years and years, I always thought it was named after Rosie O'Donnell, but you'd find out opposite. And the second note is the city of Fort Lóredadale today is cutting their budget drastically. And the first place they've cut is the police department. In the last office is on the road now. So we'll all be a lot safer. And I guess that's a very good way to save money for the city of Fort Lóredadale. Well, so getting away from the sports, I hope I have a night new a little bit today. Absolutely. You know, I also really want to tell you, I do for your board. Yeah. And certainly appreciate it. Have a great day. You and stay off those dice. Eight minutes till noon at 5.60. A lot of dice and Amsterdam. I'll tell you that all over Holland there are dice everywhere. Well, because they have all those canals, there's a lot of dice in water system. It's like, in fact, it's a country that's like underwater, basically. They build a country a good parts of it like on water. Kind of like South Florida. Yeah, it's surprised we don't wash away. Oh, someday we will. You will. Some day you will. I won't be here. Let's see. How about it says, who, oh, this is a good idea whoever coach purer of UA and M University from 89 to 98. They lost 80 straight foot ball games. We'll have to find that out. Scott, how are we going to find that out? Purer of UA and M. I can do a search on the website. I mean, on the Google, whoever coach purer of UA and M, 89 to 98, they lost 80 straight games. I guess could have been too good. And then look at these. Do you like these? Is that what you sent there? No, this is just some scrolling zone here. I don't know what they'll listen to. It's a bunch of, uh, hieroglyphics. Yeah, but the good thing is we can use the paper all over again. 560, 560. Those Tampa fans can go white their ass with it. Pound 560 on a 80. Look at these. Pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. He's a baseball son of a bitch. It's me. You got it. Thanks for listening. Here's Miami, hello. Hi, my home. It sounds like you. Yes. Uh, I just had a comment about Carrie. The one thing that is nice about him is he's a little bit more realistic on Iraq than I think Howard D. Men, uh, with regard to cleaning it up and making a commitment to not turning it into what GW thought it was. What was that mean? Well, he thought it was a place for terrorists to go and breathe in. And now it is. Yes. Now it is. Thanks to Howard. Now it is. See, Howard Dean was opposed to it from the beginning. He was right. He was the one who had the balls to say it right off the bat. One of the very few. Yeah, that's great. But now we're in the situation where it needs to be cleaned up. No, I said what needs to be cleaned up is to bring every American home tomorrow. And if they want to put in you in peacekeeping or if anybody else wants to volunteer, they're young people to be slaughtered over there and make them a human sacrifice. That's up to them. But as far as I'm concerned, no more dead Americans over there for oil. Okay. For the Bush Cartel. No more. For the goddamn Carlisle group and for the abectel and Haliburton. And all these money-grabbing bastards. No more. Bring them all home. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 17. And by the way, we're doing a beautiful job. I'm defining al Qaeda. Let's take the $87 billion. Let's reimbursed some of the people had their life savings that ripped off by in-riding all of other abuchas buddies. Canyla in those boys. Let's use part of that to pay those people back some of their life savings. And let's use the rest of it to really fight terrorism around a road at Oshama, Yamama, and all these al Qaeda bastards. Who we are doing too good of a job. I love what rumsfield said a few days ago. On Sunday, I think on the talking hitjoy's comment was, well, we're doing a, uh, we're having mixed results against al Qaeda. And less results against the, uh, whoever else was. The Taliban were back in action in Afghanistan. Just once we told we had to mark that, what is this crap coming in my fax machine? Oh, it's say you know what this is? This is your embassy. This is Mark the Jets fan. JETS Jets? Me, my embassy. I left from my your town. I'm from that neck of the woods. They're from TNEC. 4 minutes to Luna 560 QIM. 5 in local. We are sports radio 560 QIM. Oh, I David, when I take my fell bean, I listen to the Nail Rogers 12th of one hour, not judge, because he's stupid. He did the nasty end, I ended up with grabs. I thought that friendship was a given thing. But I didn't know you, still my tools, my truck and horned my ring, but that we say screw you. So you're dead? That we say screw you. No good, much good, no bad, we say screw you. No, man, shit is free. When you lost your job down at the extra march, we sat on my couch and you ate and drank and farted. I thought that we would be best friends for life. That's not back in, hey, I catch you. I'm in my wife. And you get me, stay in screw you. And you get me, back much, let me say screw you. And you get me, still my, let me say screw you. No one hurts, let me. One of the saddest things I think of ever witnessed through this sporting event. Even though I enjoyed myself, tremendously was a really fine game last night. Nice going boys, but at the of Panther game, that in between period insanity with Roberto Lungo and at the contest with a broad it's got to answer the questions about friends. You didn't see that? No, oh, you're lucky. They go through like a two minute thing and she's got to answer as many different questions as you can about friends. And then Bobby Lungo, who ever had only got too much spare time on his hands, it must be a group of that show. He answered like eight of them right. That's why he doesn't spare time. Well, you know, when you're under that much stress, you know, and have a weak defense, and you got to make 80 great saves every game. It gets to it. Here's the fact that says Phil Lachman is now doing mornings on WLRN. How do you like that? Good old Phil Lachman. So, that's me. This is I'm sure he's happy to be away from Bolzer and Rathink Wolf. I know I am. Hey, Pete, stick it up your ass. It says I'm making five times your salary unsigned. Well, that's good. Great. Congratulations to anybody who escapes the clutches of PD Bolzer and run of the Rathink Wolf and always go ahead and David Ross over there as well. At Tube Channel, you bastard you. 560, 560, pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon line. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Pretty good. Good. How about a guy named Ned Harkness? Ned Harkness? Yeah, remember him. We try to have links. We point out of each of first place one year the next year last place. What year was this? Like 69 or 70. Really? Never. OK. Well, I'm right. I'm done. Oh my god. Fine. OK. Now, where to school the kid named Andy Harkness does that count? No. Oh. 560, 750, 560, pound 560, on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless line. What pro or college coach or manager was the absolute worst of all time where I was going to date covers a lot of territory. I still don't care about sports. Mach 94. OK. Okay. I'll still about it. Huh. They want that 68. Rich Co-type 39. Boy, it looks like a one horse race. Like a walkover. Terry Murray, 27. David Chula, 13. Gary Fowse, 12. Very Swiss who's also got a dozen. Lou Holstill of these been stuck on love for a long time. Wayne Fonds 10. Perry Clark's got 10. Renee Latchman. The Latchman has got eight. Dave Campos got seven. How about Puppy Compo? Uh, Dwayne Sutter's got six. Ray Handley's got five. Charlie Pell four. John Bowles old bulls. He's got four. Magic Johnson four. Dave Bliss two. Money Clark two. Only one vote for Dan divine. Ron Rothstein and Lou seven one of piece. And no votes yet. Oh my god. For Duffy Dori. Terry Brennan. P. D. Rose, buddy Ryan. Bob Wade. Walt Michaels or Joe Walt. Not a 341. No votes for Joe Walton. Holy crap. That's scary. That shocks the crap out of me. Well, I'm putting that harkness down there. I have no idea who that is. Here's a call from my army B, Chilo. Yeah, no the worst coaches. Coach the Houston O'er's and the New Orleans Saints as Bum Phillips. Bum Phillips. Bum is the word. Do you remember him? Sure do. Oh yeah, he was a loser. You sure had the right name, though, didn't he? Oh yeah. Okay. Thanks, Pally. You'll be the ruling redneck list too. Yeah. He was made the did very well on Dueling redneck. Well, it seems to be a good crossover because it's a southern thing. You know, it's a southern thing. A lot of them southern like bear-brand kind of guys. Real Dueling Yahoo to buddy Ryan. There was another one with a big fat pupic. Very swisher. They just seem to be a whole like an endless group of these people. They crank them out. They turn them out in the deep south. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's sunrise. Hello. Hey, doing pretty good. Have you read anything on the Jessica Lynch out of my other pretty? Have I read anything about it? What do you mean by that? Not read the book, but just read in the articles that are out there today about it. Sure. So how it told me to funk that all the, you know, overall vision. All right. Going into the hospital, saving her with a baby. Right. Well, I've been, I've been paid out. We've had stories on that firm for weeks now for many, many weeks, months. And now there's, now there's something that it was just a Lynch who was, uh, for trading all these, uh, lives with the first one. Oh, yeah, right. So they're going after her. Yeah. Yeah. That's it. That everybody. You got a back phone, pal. Come on. Are we a phone someday? Yeah. That's why it's like everything else. It was the CIA, that gave bad information. It wasn't the fact that the administration lied about all these things. It was the CIA. It was your intended because of course he was a holder from the Clinton years. It's always somebody else because we don't lie and we don't make up stories. And we don't disturb things just like that that the team made for TV event where they toured on the statue of Sodom. It was all opposed for TV. Now we don't do those things because after all, the government would never lie to you. Why? Just like peace in our time. Just as Henry Kissinger, that Nazi son of a bitch just has to ask him about pieces in our hand. Yeah, we got a piece in your hand all right. Peace of that. Just looking at the mirror, Henry. That's what you are. I bet did he want to be president. Oh, man. He couldn't be president. It wasn't born in this country. That's why they're changing the rule now instead of them. No, that's uh, no, there would change it for Arnold. He's going to be president. And then he'll apologize. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Listen, there's no point in getting aggravated about it. He just didn't have a good time. That's all. They're going to blow the whole world up part of these days when we least expected. So what do mean time get laid? Here's a call from Homestead. Hello. Yeah, I like that. Too real. As hostilities. Boat shem back learn. What do you hate? What do you hate? Now, I can't put either one of my nerve. I mean, that's just he doesn't understand. We're not talking about assholes. Don't you understand? They don't get it. What do you hate was? Not bad coach. He was an asshole. Right? The guys write about that. We already discussed that. You still live. I remember I never forget that one game. I happen to be watching that Saturday. You remember have you ever seen that clip where he reached out and hit the kid from the other team on the head on the helmet? I mean, he was just alluded to. I got to control Yahoo. What do he hate? Over the time. No, not a little nutty on a nut job. He's dead. And Bo shem back. I mean, why would you say that? The worst coach of all time. It didn't like his last name. I guess he don't like me. She can. I mean, that's the deal. They're making so hard as he is an asshole. There's no question about that. All a mad dog get pissed off about that. Probably come to your house and beat the crap out of you, sir. But, uh, you don't get the poll. You understand it. What pro our college coach or manager was the absolute worst of all time? And it sure wasn't. No, wasn't him. You're in tier that. Everybody understands this poll except this guy absolutely. Yeah, even the moment knows it. Five six seven and we have so much trouble trying to explain you folks so many times that he's pulled. They don't understand the definition. First of all, this is I have a couple of for you, which is unacceptable. And then it's like their assholes. Okay. Well, guess what, pal. So are you probably? We're all assholes to somebody. I just stop thinking about that. I'm not sure. Nobody's ever thought about this before. Revolutionary moment on this show. There's probably not anybody in the world who's somebody who knows that person or knows of that person hasn't thought that's an asshole. Do you know what I mean? But we got a lot of people who are an asshole denial. No, not but you're you don't change the subject. Okay, asshole. You know what I'm saying? I think that's a very pertinent point here that I just stumble onto. Everybody thinks somebody is an asshole. You'll wait to that. I know a lot of people think you're an asshole. And of course, there are a lot more people think I'm an asshole. And you know what? I really don't care. Because on a win the bank, I just chuckle myself. I'm an asshole. I like the dentist's lyrics. I'm an asshole. And here's a whole bunch more money in the bank. Here's key largo. Hello. God. Yes speaking. Happy Wednesday. That asshole got the user. Oh, no, never. Do you have the voice of reason? Sure. I'll even a voice of reason can be an asshole. As far as your pull, I might have to retract this one because the way you just said. The only thing more boring than maybe side hockey is college sports. But now Bobby Bowden was he like that is record. Got a chance to find what an asshole he was. No. He's a great success unfortunately on the field. Not recently so much, but he is a great great career, but he's an asshole. You're right. Okay. All right. In reference to the pancer game, that was beautiful. I listened to it on the radio and just hearing the wind made listening granny molar tolerable. Oh boy, I must have really been good then. Yes, yes. But let's tell the do right and see what happens. All right. Have a great day, Pally. Dudley do right. I like that. It's even better than the guy who put the sudden Dudley. Dudley do right. Would that goofy. He's the strange looking dude man. He's got the worst hairpiece he's even worse than Moe. And he's got that funny thing on his chin that I guess you'd call a beard. He's got a hairpiece. He has a dandruff. Yeah. Yeah. He brick. Clean up your act a little bit. Okay. How about some head and boulders man? Anybody's got a hairpiece with dandruff. He's got some real problemos. But they want to game he kicked their ass. He put him in a shape a little bit. He said you guys are really great. Which of course they're not. But then we had that great Canadian Nick Hagman. That's a moment I'll never forget my life is you had to be there standing over Scott there in a control room as if we're listening to a forwell interview Nick Hagman who's from Finland who speaks with a very heavy accent and Scott is insisting to me. Oh no, that can't be either a bore your Hagman. It's a Canadian. Don't you hear it's a Canadian? What's even worse? You and all you know your Canadians eh? What's even worse is we're interviewing him in the little huckroof math towards too. 11 pass no and you're finished. 11 pass no and it's five sixty w q a and hey if a lot of you folks feel like you're finished because you're not getting any money on that paycheck if it just barely enough to scrape by and you're sick and tired of spending all that energy for peanuts. Here's the answer for you. You can get yourself trained and ready for a great new career in a big fat one that goes along with it in a paycheck to and just four count them four short months. That's right fast drink and every train and certified for a great high-pain computer network professional career or a high-pain medical computer specialist and a short time as four short months. Fast train officer day evening weekend classes the off-age placement assistant's and financial aid for people who qualify and they have six convenient flow into locations to and tap and yeah what can we do about that but for right here in South Florida so there's probably one not too far from where you live. So if you're sick and tired of working for nothing and you're tired of everybody else having a few bucks and you never have two nickels to rub together change your life get a career and the big earning is a power that goes along with it call fast train today check out of the web if you like it fast train.com and then make that call that really can change your life call fast train one eight six six fast train be sure mentioned Todd Drec when you call my life and local this is four twenty five sixty yeah where they'll do you with a drug called THG this heroine that won't show up in your being there's a few if you're in his very bottom I will give you have a lot but they can't find it with a microscope every play of must be doers with a joke you if you want to play pro sports there's no you and then they'll follow you in the car they'll watch me they'll go be just make your muscles lift and when you test it I just be the devil no matter what they ask just say no every play of must be doers pro 17 is five sixty WCM you almost forgot it was win today that would have been bad don't be for getting that let's say a hundred votes on air for my little care about sports muck hundred people said that they want that seventy two rich co-tit 41 Terry Murray twenty seven everybody else quite frankly is small potatoes five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a eighty and t and for rising wireless lines oh bad news for president bush well not really bad news no surprise all of these going there many people in Britain believe I couldn't believe this morning I'm hearing that the city of Miami is going to be the home hopes to be the home for the I just can't believe that the free trade the FTA we're going to be like a home zone the home base that should make for some real interesting years to come many people in Britain believe the international standing of the u.s. suffered under president George W. Bush and dislike his handling of the situation in Iraq and opinion pool publishing London's Times newspaper says 59 percent of respondents at a market standing in the world has the diminished under Bush's presidency while sixty percent disapproved of his handling of the situation in Iraq 47 percent said he didn't seem up to the job of being US president while 40 percent believe Britain benefits in the close relationship between Bush and Blair regarding the war in Iraq 49 percent believe that military action was the wrong thing to do and 37 percent said you go a you go boys unpopular in Britain just as much as he's unpopular on his show or at least almost five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Marlus line here's for a lot of day hello hi yes sir hey ma'am that add a day sure what's up the list that you've been at it already he's not a he's got fourteen vote about a brisk conflict okay there you go we've been waiting for that all right good one right he's stuck sucks he sucks okay thanks patty have a great day Bruce Cosley you've been sitting in your waiting for the moment that we could put that on there I sure have how do I do like a nice vehicle color once in a while let's see here's one that says series content of both worst coaching and drilling the statistic redneck award rate perkins the guy on before you will love child of the bastion number what what does it say rich in mature beach I guess he's talking about for real don't be knocking for real rich rate perkins he says they drilling yahu in an awful coach and never stole a freight rain but it's still a major asshole rate perkins okay may fax a whole bunch more of these a few more more the poor Eric was probably uh pissed off and fired up sorry about that air for what's in the mama got to do one of these to keep on your toes you know just a little ballet little exercise little four dance keep you in shape here's for a lot of day hello thank you so much i just wanted to say the guy called up but oh sunny folks guys follow up like net hardness doesn't know anything net hardness led an idling school to two not say titles at Cornell and one year two years coach though across teams when n.c. well i'm scratching them off right now thank goodness i didn't fact say yeah yeah i mean at four i mean you know this is place where people had to go to school and they have good thing to do right well we got a lot of those man you know that that's what makes the world go around lots of you it's okay i have a great day thanks for scratching and be so i oh have an redundant long time five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 team for eyes of wireless line the mad dog at two the hump for it four three solid hours in a studio they hang then we these been not too many no we these please no more we these hang put the we these down all carbs the big from seven to ten then you got any k-a-10 you know so how we come on all those other checks i think the reason for real shine me a talking game last night and went to dinner instead because his dinner was free and if we would come to the hockey game hand to bring me a check for a band of pet rescue well if his dinner wasn't free now he really has an excuse not to give you a check yeah right uh and let's see mark friend the other there's no well message on here okay good that's a good start mark five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 team for eyes of wireless line here's a call from pointin b-chillow hey Neil i've been trying to uh click on your story on your website the cbc story yeah and uh i have a difficulty we've had my click on it actually goes to the that story that's right below it it's uh plan and prison and i can't get up can't get the story well i'm i'm clicking on a right now and i'm taking a look at my screen and i see uh conspiracy three cbc it's got a new not the website because i'm looking at a right got a right there okay to talk about two seconds well i'd say through that uh pc right out the window get a new one yeah i could try that that might work thank you uh okay good luck it's not us it's uh this guy it's only on maybe it's his i s p maybe it's p is p cp maybe it's his uh who the hell knows what it is he's having some problems five six seven oh five sixty let me give you a piece of advice again and then pop up ads don't the ever get sucked into those demand the and Eric told me it's not the i'm dumb you know it's not anybody else it's fault i'm dumb i told you how he got sucked in and had to change my merchandise press card because i actually yeah one of those things that says it'll speed up your computer and it's got all the flashing lights and Eric has told me this in the past he said don't get sucked in on that because the fancy red looks he said it's so easy to set something like that like that up a 10 year old kid can do it and looks very authentic and very exciting and it's gonna do this and then in the meantime all they do is get all your information then they uh you know a buy a house on your credit card by a bunch a crap by a lot of drugs five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty call from Indianapolis hello you know do you have Mike Davis on your list Mike Davis who knows that he's the he's a guy who replaced Bob United in the end oh is he bad he is the absolute worst all right he just wants to use in the end it's a try to get into the pros does he beat the kids up a little bit he beats the kids up a lot of it oh good and you have that they like it if i got to have one more tyron rolling the no-to-day tyron rolling him and no-to-day the coach of no-to-day that's his name tyron yeah oh you got to be shment me no one to the loser never game no sir that's his name okay they glad you have a great day pali tyron what you got to coach named tyron you are not headed for touchdown Jesus I'll tell you that what no you don't don't say it don't say it okay just calm down you're on the wrong show for that okay just calm down pali all it is no jail for roll sex on sleeping man this is amazing now what is this from is this like from some authoritative news source that somebody just sent to me where now is this from a game man narrowly escaped a jail term today for performing oral sex on an unsuspecting sleeping straight man Michael Brett Kulta 36 this must be I say it's Australia it's down under Michael Brett Kulta 36 the manager of a government apprenticeship scheme from shaler park in Brisbane south pleaded guilty of the Brisbane District Court of Social Assault with circumstances of aggravation June 26 last year have their so silly just like a brits same old thing in a rubbed off automatic British Empire they all had even like the Canadians I mean as wonderful as the so many of them are they still got just a little tasted that silly miss you judge Michael shantahan and sentencing cold of the six months jail holy suspended so the defendant caused distress to a victim who was not homosexual oh well in that case it's bad it seems there was a serious aspect to it and that you took advantage of a man who was a sleep and who knew who knew who knew was not a homosexual persuasion judge sanna had how they know that the impact of the offense on has been significantly was reduced to tears and the distressing impact seems to be ongoing the 21 year old head of a sexual victim who can't be identified was visiting his friend who was Kulta's gay partner I see the trip or the three or playing to take a day trip to far north-western town of Brian Bay the next day and so the 21 year old was sleeping over they all played chess and drank before Kulta's partner went to bed Kulta asked the man if he wanted to watch a porn o video but he said no and fell asleep the victim will work to find Kulta sucking his penis. Prosecure Michael Lahains that the victim was terrified wanted to bash Kulta but is afraid to because he was dwarfed by him he was just a little guy Kulta kept apologizing but the victim left on his motorbike started crying and called police on a goth home judge shanna said he was wholly suspending the sentence because of the guilty plea Kulta's previous good record in the fact that no force was used and he uh existed whatever it all that means the other guy didn't resisted but he existed five six seven oh five sixty those silly australians man it's just unbeatable the kind of crap that goes on I wonder if Prince Charles was in the room you think he was probably doing it poor prince Charlie man just it makes it makes my my skin just tingle with excitement about the royal family because they're all about your perverts and a bunch of hypocrites and about your phony baloney and they all got their nose way up in the air you know there's so much better than everybody else and that's what you asshole brits under we got maybe you listen out there thank god you got out of there before it's too late what a silly ass place people are starving to death over there they got massive unemployment it's becoming more and more violent all the time bad crime and in the meantime they got the royal family while they'll run around put this in and this one and that one and the oh god let them eat spotted dick let them eat crap is what I say okay let them go out there on the a fox hunt and let the the all the beagles out there leave a trail of once for them is what I say 27 after known at five sixty wqn if you're looking to replace that tired old nasty carpet in your home here's a really good idea laments are us it's the easy low maintenance alternative to a expensive natural wood flooring laments are us is the best the smart place for you to find laminated wood flooring from perid or a pergro willson are dune for a quick step to top name is in the business and all of laments are us flooring is installed by pergro certified installers who know exactly what they be doing here's another reason to call laments are us their price are so low it'll for you right now get their false special for just 1495 bucks let me say to get it sounds too good to be true but it is true just 1495 bucks gets you up to 295 square feet of beautiful laminated wood flooring on bailing of an laments are us will match any legitimate written off for two for free and home estimate column toll free and tell them that nasty old meal told you call negative old meal one eight seven seven seven seven seven thirty three thirty six what to be easier free carpet disposal free furniture moving they give you a twenty five you warranty and to get on top of that years and years of beautiful easy care for laminated wood flooring column today toll free one eight seven seven seven seven seven thirty three thirty six nine nine four six four three oh five sixty four two way yeah I do not I just got to plan this on last break tonight that friends thing so to hold with it well I was busy trying to find some of them there and you guys have got stuff differently than the way I have it up there in the DCS I was looking for a more how we're dated in the ginger and the Neil Gay reunion and it's under HD it's under HD for ginger or for whatever the fact I don't even it's not even in here it's not even in here you're looking under ginger do you see a no gay union mo get mo gay union mo get David mo get David union oh you have to be who put that in there did you put that in there no you're gonna tell me the George put that under mo gay union oh I can say oh I'm a crazy homomorph old but not that I mind it but I'm way too old I bet the size about fear and death and a twist with feet low my man friend in the day I'll just make up with generous of days and then ask him to break my buns oh there you're an over again so I would not feel the most old and I would not be ashamed about a ginger and more gay union just hold in the stroke in the way boy baby you're not my type sound like a mine your old kid only a much or mentally guy you don't know this that makes me lift my wig and ginger was a lover of mine I'd bury my bull this baby now inside is simply rare and the day rattle no I would not be a sport home if I was not a closet in the face that's why a ginger and mo get union would make me feel give me a gay if we had a ginger and mo gay you would make my sorrow boy is guilty if we had a ginger and mo take a union and he wouldn't have to get me raped come 35 with five six you're WCM happy you win the two we get our big one to two comedy but it's our car up at the top of the hour you really thought it was going to stop doing that that was going to drop that that's the only thing that's gotten me this far along the road of life it's coming up of that brainstorm it's it's a magnificent way to like us separate the hands of the week don't you think yes you do Robert shear rights in the LA times the start of the summer website by the way uh in a democracy liars can never be liberators and as usual Robert shearers he says it takes stunning arrogance for a present to invade an oritz politically strategic country on the basis of demonstrabal eyes put his favorite coveting co-accompanies in control of its economic future create a puppet regime to do his bidding and then claim his George Boestid will ask we can speak that this is all a bold exercise in spreading democracy Iraqi democracy will succeed and that's accessible sent forth the news from Damascus to Tehran that freedom can be the future of every nation the president said the establishment of a free Iraq at the heart of the Middle East will be a watershed event in the global democratic revolution Bush even invoked the blessing of a divine power the author of freedom suggesting that he's not merely an overambitious imperial president but rather a modern Moses armed with smart bombs and black hall helicopters come to liberate and enslaved people. Bush presents his vision is bold and new what it is nothing of the sword his predecessors in the White House similarly claimed the mantle of democracy's justification for establishing American dominance in the Middle East over last half a century they used lies in secrecy and lies beyond Americans to create nurture and protect dictatorships that serve narrow US interests above the needs and rights of their own people. His buddies at Bechtel Halliburton in the general companies have been ripping off the profits of many store for decades while seeking and gaining protection from the CIA and whatever other person he was military industrial complex were needed to prop up our guy that dictator of the moment. This participant in the East lowered on our watch often succeeded by fundamentalist or nationalist regimes of great violence or both such as the Shah of Iran for example. Every many states that exist only because his powers proven tolerable economic interest that former Haliburton chief executive de Cheneyne is defense industry friendly counterparts in the previous Republican Democratic administrations of places at top of the American agenda. Democracy is the most wonderful notion ever conceived of washing and considers it a dangerous threat when the people infledzling democracies vote against US interests. That's when the CIA steps in as it did in Iran in 1953 overthrowing democratic secularist Mohammed Mosadek and launching Iran into decades of madness. Or how about the cynical support of under President Carter and Reagan of the fundamentalist Mujidah Haddin in Afghanistan which morphed into the Taliban in Al-Qaeda? The CIA gave these freedom fighters shorter fire rockets perfect for terrorism and Ronald Reagan declared a day of national support for them in the US. Unfortunately as a court the quarter of the century has proven we've neither the means nor the will to bring democracy to Afghanistan. People make their own history and even though all the US can help it can't impose it. Bush is not really interested in meaningful democracy and Iraq just as the US wasn't in Afghanistan or earlier in Iran and Iraq the US will not tolerate any opposition of the US occupation. But that excludes democracy which will not cater to the whims of US foreign policy. Meanwhile the chaos and bitterness of post-war Iraq continues without a break, all the more tragic for its predictability. In fact we wouldn't be in circummised today if the President listened to his own father. Trying to eliminate Saddam extending the ground war into an occupation of Iraq would have incurred incapable human political cost, co-wrote the senior George Bush in the 1998 book a world transformed. Furthermore we had been self-consciously trying to set a pattern for handling aggression in the post-Cold War World he continued. Going in an occupying Iraq thus unilaterally exceedingly when mandate would have destroyed the presence of international response to aggression that we hope to establish. Had we gone the invasion, wrote the US could conceivably still be an occupying power in a bitterly hostile land. Unfortunately because of George W. Bush it is just that. Democracy cannot exist without truth in genuine self-determination, a liar cannot be a liberator if the flowering of democracy is truly the endgame. Roberts here in the LA times he's as one of the best. 21-1-a-QAM He wanted a case. It's old. Hey Rosie. If you would receive what we were to do with India crock for both of me. Rosie, you don't know. Give up all the lives. Now I hope they've been laying in the city like us. What? The way somebody goes in though. She just like, ah, ah. It's 1244 the abandon. I mean the good those is Rosie O'Donnell. She wants human money though. The judge ordered no damages any decide. Next, honey. So it's over. We got to move on to something else. Let's give back to Laci and Scott Peters and what are you saying? No. Huh? God of it. How about Elizabeth smart? No. Jessica would have booked. No. What was pictures at Larry Flintheim? No. See why would anybody want to see Jessica Lynch naked? Huh? She is a little, you know, I don't want to knock her because she's simpler country and Yadiyada Yadiyada and she never stole a freight train. All those other stuff and they used her to rely a whole lot. At least she had the, at least she had the integrity to say, hey, guess what? That was all a bunch of crap. I'm no hero. Although I would like to make some money with this book, I'm peddling. What's she's entitled, I guess? 560560, pound 560, Johnny 18T line, what pro or college coach or manager was the, absolutely worth of them all. I still don't care about sports. You smuck. 116 if you said that. Thank you. 27%. They've once that though is leading the pack. Dave, I wouldn't be unpacking a time soon. Okay, if you got any like boxes, any curtains that you brought over from the West Coast on that trip. A couple years ago, just to leave me an attic. Dave wants that Scott 80. Rich co-type 44 Terry Murray 29 Gary Faust has 20. Who knows Gary Faust? I think it's no. Okay. No. We're a G. Oh, yeah, that's right. It's no one I don't who know. It is it's Jerry Faust. Jerry Faust. I hope Erickson right now. But he's still in the regardless of the spelling still getting 20. Imagine if we spelled it right. David Schul is got a teen Wayne Fontana 14. Barry Switzerland 14. See, that whole David Schul thing. It's kind of like a mind's view of Jay Sears. What? Who's that? Gene Sears and Jay Sears and then Brian Sears. Sometimes the talent skips the generation. So maybe some of the brains them. Schul is grandchildren. Be great football coaches just like what's it then? Gene Sears was a Johannes driver and a harness racing hall of fame. His son Jay Sears was a nice guy. Never still afraid. Train couldn't grab his finger up his nose and his son Brian Sears is the best. I know he's checking though. All you got to know is Jackie Mo and Jackie Lee. Don't forget about him. Oh, Barry Switzerland Wayne Fontana 14. We're trying to forget about Jackie Lee. Barry Clark Scott 13. Lou Hulses up to 13. Nice going. Renee Latchman. Renee Latchman is got 10. The last minute. Dave Campo 9. Wayne Sutter 6. Ray Handley's got five. Five from Magic Johnson and Bollsy. John Bolls got five. Nice going. Bollsy. The Bolls myster. Charlie Pell with four money Clark 3. Dan Devine 3. Ron Rothstein 3. David Bliss 3. Pete Rose 3. Buddy Ryan 3. And one measly bee's leave for Bum Phillips. Lou Savan. Joe Walton. Definitely already finally got one. May Perkins 1 and Kevin Lockerys got one. And no votes yet for Walt Michaels. Bruce Cosler. Bruce Cosler got no votes. Scott amazing. Not yet. Mike Davis done. Tyrone will he have none. Jack Torborg non Bob Wade none and Portary Britain. That's good. Leave Terri Britain alone. But I'm worth the he probably did when you think. Right now. Yeah, I think he's been dead by now and if not the pop will put the fix in. No votes for him out of 433 for Port Old Terri Britain and was just about crucified right there on a campus of touchdown Jesus because he couldn't win no goddamn games and if you don't win no games it'd be how come Boston College is not even what's a Catholic school. They don't have the same degree of fanaticism at solica. They don't have their own TV network and it's not the same thing as Notre Dame. They're a walk spans. Huh? They all followed the right way. I'm not talking about their fans. I'm talking about the whole mentality of the institution. The organization. Huh? But Notre Dame is like the it's like the armpit of this Catholic fanaticism right there in South Bend and the I've been there. I've been there. You don't want to go there. Here's for Lauderdale. Oh. Pretty good. That's good to hear. First of all. I got a question on the article you went through most area with that mold. That was mold. Yeah. Okay. Good. First of all. Actually when the guy was doing it to me, the guy woke up and he said, you mold? I've got a Dickie V. Dickie V. Dick by town. He was a bad coach. He's bad coach and a bad whatever he is. I just can't stand him. Oh, he's an asshole. He's up noxious. I agree with that. And then what was he really a bad coach? Yeah. He wasn't you know what? He didn't do. He didn't do he didn't do a deadly do right. Basically. And I think it leaked also also. He's on there. Lee course is on there. Beautiful thing. He's doing he's doing small potatoes. Okay. Thank you. Should we put Dickie? Yeah. Let's put Dick by telana. Just as we don't like him. I know that's bad. I don't even know where he coached. Do you? No clue. I think you ought to put that just on an endless loop. You're watching me. Yeah. 560, 50560, pound 560, on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's a call from sunrise. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yes. I have one. The whole color of your whole railroad. Lee rose. Ray. Ray rose. Yeah. He coached a full adult who won about five minutes. Oh, Ray Rhodes. Rose. Yeah. Like does he roads, right? Exactly. Now I got it. Yeah. Well he could have had some more flavor. Him and Tyrone. All right. All right. All right. Ray Rhodes. No candidate does he roads or Randy Rhodes. Here's a call from Weston. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil. Yes. I like experience you have with the limo drivers at the day. You want the experience you have with the limo driver? See? Well, I'm creeped on the Spanish. Oh, see? And I'm flying out of G at Miami. Yes. Next time you fly out, stop at the Burger King there and be my guest. Be your guest with one. I give you good food. Oh, Burger King? Yeah. Burger King the pizza had at the bar. Well, I wouldn't eat that stuff with your mouth. Oh, wait. You have a drink. Okay. I'll have one of nice water. Thank you, amigo. Oh, Burger King. I wouldn't touch that number. Wait for us free if he paid me 50 bucks a day. A wiper while all depending. 5605050. Well, that's a nice guy. He's a Greek. I bought one of how much he smeared them to get in there. And the airport. You got to know the right people. You got to smear Mayor Pingo Picanya. You got to like your grease them all up and have a party in his pants. You do otherwise you don't get in. Yeah, the limo driver kind of let me down. I'm glad he mentioned that. Thank you for calling him. You go even though you're Greek. Hey, you are a glass panuelan. I'll see it. La Carretta. La Carretta. By the way, don't go to La Carretta and answer them. It sucks. I would told you that. That really a bad place. They give you meat. The cow is still crying. Well, by the time they put it on your plate, I ordered my steak medium well. And if that was medium well, I hate to see what like rare looks like like a pool of oozing blood. Looks like the godfather. Maybe visit to the farm is what it looks like. Cartoon. Cartoon. I'm not going to race Oh, no, you know what this is going to be see you never learn your lesson. I do though. Crawl Gables. Hello Crawl Gables. Hey, are you doing there? Okay. Did you do the coach that you invested you Detroit? Oh, the University of Detroit. Detroit was he good or bad? Excellent. We'll put him down. Thank you. See there was a good call from my Gables right now. What mark that down? Good call from Crawl Gables. We have Mark McDonald or diarrhea. Okay, but yeah, I'm not I want to show you something a minute See what I mean about crazy people that you can chase away. See that see I don't know why they bother continuing the sendos because I don't look at them When I know who they're from I'm not going to tell you I'll tell you off the year. I'm not interested. Okay, when I tell you don't facts This don't call me go away. That's exactly what it means which word didn't you understand? You only when I'm making aception for is my good friend. That's me five six seven Oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T. I apologize to my close friend Eric who's doing a great job up there at least He's happy we're doing that one or two comedy with star because then you won't have to keep looking for these facts It's with more more these damn horseball coaches who all suck And let's hear it for the man who put the dud and Dudley Dudley do right Rick Dudley last night nice gone red baby And best to look in Jersey you'll need it in a coma style that they play with why he watching the devil's man. Oh It could put it a sleep that's rap no matter who the coach is no matter what's going on there That Lou Lemmer Aller he must be pulling the strings behind the scene. You know it he must tell him all to us put him to sleep Yeah, but that's gotta be it. He's pulled it all right. Trap is crap. He's yanking it 560 pound five 60 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line don't forget speaking a Yankee And it Miguel will be at that place tomorrow. Whatever it is. I'm sure he's gonna give me you're gonna be a sheet on that or what? When a week from circus or tomorrow tomorrow Well, why not why it's on our thing. I'm not gonna wait for him. He's just you know he's he's overburdened I heard a whole lot about that today's overburden for him in Doreen We have to have more people in our promotion department because these two Appuriung people have been just like overwhelmed with work Start with them whole thing with a world series and from there on in they haven't had a moment to even like diddle each other And that's why Miguel is smiling Miguel will be tomorrow Thursday to remember the 13 noon to two at the Marine Max boats Marine Max boats 700 South Edward Highway Pompeo Beach, okay. You don't have to go there and buy a boat that would be nice. They'd appreciate it But the a few and van will be there and you can pick up our best in your merchandise As in See now most of these I notice this time don't work like that You know what I mean if you hold your finger down the button the other one's the mad dog once did I'm trying to get to the one I like and that's not it I score most you can get one of those one of my more Howard David key chains talking about himself again And you get our best in LCD 2002 2003 which has all kinds of really great stuff on it and we wish you could get that other stuff But you can't Swing Miguel will be there two to what is it noon to two tomorrow? Here's a call from poppin. Oh, hello. Oh, yes, sir. Hey Jim, is he gonna kick your ass when he comes in there if you don't put butch Davis on there Butch Davis Butch Davis say right man, okay Alrighty, thanks, pal. Have a good one and say how much Davis. Okay work on it Sarah butch Davis. Oh, man Well see a bad coach not a U. M. He wasn't was he? Did they would like a championship under which Davis? They sure did he's a bad coaching Cleveland cuz he got a horseball make believe team at you know There are no more Cleveland Brown. He's he's coaching a fan of team that don't exist butch Davis I do enjoy the watch and Dennis Erickson take it up the old butt and butch Davis Watch Jimmy Johnson with those horrible horrible years that he produced here after helping it up a big mouth You know and watch Dennis Erickson take it up the button next Monday and Pittsburgh Like I said if Scott says it you know he's full of crap What a serious are so bad now now don't tell me cuz I know what tell his name is but I have a mental block on the coach of the series I just cannot stand that man. He said he's always got that look on his face. Give me a clue what his name is please real quick First name Bill Bill I have no idea What is it? Bill I'm a power. Yeah, what a coward Bill power. I know I have mentally blocked it out I know what that let believe me. I know my crap, but they just he's always got that look like You know like somebody just took a crap on your shoes or something like that Power it's a phenomenon I see this is what happens what I'm here Well, and Toronto technically everything is stupidness. Okay, maybe you want to know blue moon I have some kind of operator error But here I got this one on my shoulder doing this and it was on my shoulder doing that and sign this and stick this up your ass Far Little And Sniper, Muhammad, cause with a felony. Shucks lots of people in suburban DC. Sniper, Muhammad, his cryls hit the start. He had people jumpy when they heard of Buh-h-h. Mumbling, morning, went to get some ammo. Tuesday, he goes shooting with his son. Wednesday, they get busted by the phone. Woo! They found the gun. Sniper, Muhammad, thought of a psychopath. And we won't be happy to leave in the shed. I am not going to die. Hey! Yo, the guy in my gun was a nice style. I began working nights down here as a janitor in the school office building. Just to keep busy, I guess, president. Pays below minimum wage. Hey, there's a big cheese now. How you doing tonight? Hey, where are you going? I'm going to have it a pretty tough night. Yeah, tonight. Night. You're going to watch me. And watch a game in me. Yeah, I'm going to cross the street. Free pizza at beer night over there. I'm going to have a pretty tough day of thought. I just watched the game with the fellas over the bar. Oh, yeah. Well, I'm just going to listen to it on this old radio here to end tennis. Kind of shaking. I'm going to get a big screen color TV over there. It's a best picture of the scene. Yeah, big screen color. Great picture. I heard it is. Well, I'd sure like to be there. When you know I got all my work done. It's all really your job done. Yeah, you support me, maybe I could. Well, let's say what? Maybe I could. I got my BMW in the garage. I got a mulled, who'd make radio in there. I could pick up the. You can drive anything. No, no. I'll give my car keys. Well, she cleaned out my car. I got her wickets in the back seat. Yeah, I got this. This is going to be something to clean up with us. I'll be back at about two hours. And maybe I'll bring you a piece of pizza. Okay, Dad. Well, that was a thanks lot. I hear my keys. And I'll be having a strike at the car. I'll be back at about two hours. Yeah, I can. What? What? Do you know I'm going to bring. Well, you earned great. You asked or said you were a worthless. You can't be my son. Nobody's that ungrateful. You. Well, how'd you take your. And sustain BMW and run that mother. Right into the damn living. You work. Nothing's good. Someone's attention. Jack and Good. Sorry. You're a real fan. This message brought you by the National Curseing Foundation. And remember our motto. Go. You're so. All the white folks. Hate the black folks. And the black folks. Hate the white folks. To hate all but the right folks. Isn't all this established rule about during the National Prevolution. National Prevolution. Lean on horn and share a park our dancing cheek to. To get fun to you, the jies. People you despise as long as you don't let them in your school. The poor folks hate the rich folks. And the rich folks hate the poor folks. All of my folks. Say all your folks. It's American as apple pie. But you're a national brother. National brother. We. New Yorkers love the Puerto Rican's cause. It's very chic. Step up and shake the hand of someone you can't stand. You can tolerate him if you try. All the Protestants hate the Catholics and Catholics. Hate the Protestants and the Hindus. Hate the Muslims and everybody hates the Jews. Bunder. National brother. National brother. We get. National everyone's smile at. One. Another hood. We. Nice to people who are. In theory or to you. It's only four a week. So have no fear. Be grateful. You're a little bit. I'm going. I'm going. I'm going. I want to be the leader of the beaver patrol. I want to hike and camp and shower with all the other little boys. You know, something. The boys got. It's never used to be about six. But now all that's strange. On. On. Members. Spokesman for America's number one. Juvenile. Paramillis. We're going to have a hand for boys or girls that I want you to join me in a scouting experience. We've changed. The county is trustworthy. Boy, uh, for me. And we want you. Hello. In a sense. We're in Kaki. So just remember our motto. Be prepared to run like hell. We've still had show up. And get your little. Be a little. Keep your. Down here today. Oh. Rosemary. Rosemary. How's the post depends on you. And the powers you possess. Since you saved his life with your life, since our life, he's got a job for you to turn. Rosemary. Rosemary. You have a brand new style, too. We love the way you want your doom. We'll make be one of your chests, and we'll preach it like this. We'll make you go to our own race. For the rest of us. Who's with the speed of our good self? Take the badge down straight to hell. When a filming starts tomorrow, we can't even spend the night. We can't even spend the night. Jaki, we're alive. All in he got as Ralph and Alice Keelebott. And Edward and Moji Keelebott. Here's the cover, Booter. We're gonna be late for work. I ain't going to work. Bobby and me. That's what I said. I ain't going to work. They're blowing up buses, lifting right. You know what it's like driving up and down the gaza? Not knowing if you're going to blow up. You want me to get blown up, Alice? You want me to get blown up? I only think blown up on you is your puppy. I just like to dance to horror on the moon. I can dance to horror in your pet. I know why you're a married one. You don't love me. You never loved me. You fell in love with my Yamaka. Shut up. Hey, when you say that, people. Oh, hi. What's the matter, Paul? Why so gloom? She's just upset because I don't want to drive the bus no more. Well, I can't say I'd blame a baller so I mean, Mario bought it yesterday. That doesn't mean it's going to happen around. Don't you understand. I can't do it anymore. I'm escape. I'm escape. We can always join us to the citizens of the deep. Damn, leave you right now. But why don't I know about taking foxes? Just very asservic. You'll start digging. You're a my high-eye, Alice. I'll regular my high-eye. Come on, boy. She let's go. They don't know about. Yeah, your mind is all taken in a lunch box. Hey. I'm going to Vitties. You're just what I grow. You ain't in power. When you say we take a look at a new lunch box, I tell you why. She wanted these days. One of these days. Bangs. Oh. When I'm watching bats, it's all on TV. One man is annoying me. Yelling words of thousands, ticky-be. And when someone goes these lines, He starts screaming things so easily. Spirits seem like a bad thing to give me. To give me. To give me. To give me. To give me. He should shut his by-home. To give me. When he is talking, The play I promise is lying to me. Where did this guy come from? To give me. Everything is awesome. And everyone says Vittie-be. When she keeps his direction, To give me. To give me. To give me. To give me. To give me. To give me. To give me. To give me. To give me. To give me. To give me. To give me. 11 after 1 at 5 60 W. 2 minutes or a big thank God. 1 at 2 Wednesday R. I mean, we need it. We need it. We need it. We need it. We need it. We need it. We need it. We need it. We need it. We need it. We need it. We need it. We need it. We need it. We need it. We need it. We need it. We need it. We need it. We need it. We need it. We need it. We need it. We need it. We need it. We need it. We need it. We need it. We need it. We need it. We need it. We need it. We need it. We need it. We need it. We need it. We need it. We need it. We need it. We need it. We need it. We need it. We need it. We need it. We need it. We need it. We need it. We need it. We need it. We need it. We need it. We need it. We need it. We need it. We need it. We need it. We need it. Don't you, honey. I'm so awkward. Like nothing you've seen before. Excuse me. The scene father. What is it my child? We have something I must tell you. What is it my daughter? Oh father, I am afraid to tell you. Afraid to tell me your own father? I fear I will be came upon our family. Lonsons. I am your father. I love you very much. You must tell me which is wrong. You promise you will still love me? Of course my sweet child. A father's love is not erased by a simple mislead. Very well. I am. I am pregnant. I am a husband. Oh, I see. Did you still love me father? Of course I do. But since you're pregnant and not married. Yes father. I'm afraid I must drag you down to the town square. And with the help of my friends and neighbors, I've stolen you today. Oh, my daughter. If he's written that this is the punishment for what you have done. But you should have given her a punishment. You should have given her a punishment. You should have given her a punishment. You should have given her a punishment. I must have given her a punishment. If the first step is done. The focus is on a fundamentalist. A Middle Eastern fan. May I speak with you, my esteemed husband? What is it my wife? I have something to tell you. What is it? I am having an affair. Oh, I'm alright. Oh, you're alright. Are you going? I'm out to the back door. You're collecting stones. What do you mean? Yes, I must drag you to the town square. Where do you will of course be stones today? You'll be an astronomer. I have called the lives of the infocoments. They have made the ultimate. They deal with them. Any problems that plague them? Oh, may I speak with you, my esteemed father? It's my son. We have this son who has not used illegal drugs. Where? What do you know? You are a one lucky boy. Oh, why is that father? You are going to get stone two nights in a row. You are a good guy, didn't she? The guiding she? The guiding she? The guiding she? I just saw an location in Baghdad. I just just can't believe Toma. Kaye Abesine news was a one-on-one interview with Gouveritorial Hopeful Arnold Schwarzenegger. I'm sorry. Excuse my apologies. What do you apologize for? I'm not following you. For everything, Kimli Plama, Kaye Abesine news. I'm sorry. To the people of California. For what? Those bad movies you make? No. Although if you don't like them, I'm sorry Kimli Plama, Kaye Abesine news. I'm sorry for this. You just touched my movies. That was a demonstration Kimli Plama. I'm sorry. Don't you? Your demonstrations on me, Mr Schwarzenegger. I am here for a serious interview with you. I apologize. You're very whiny. Go ahead with your questions. Well, you're very touchy, Felix. I apologize. Excuse me. But did you just touch my eye? That was a demonstration Kimli Plama, Kaye Abesine news. That's why I want to apologize to the people of California. And I believe you should. I'm sorry. I see you have a problem with women. I don't have a problem with women. I like to touch them. Excuse me, but we are not an object. May I see your hand, Hida? My what? Your hand, Hida. May I see it? I don't think I have an hand, Hida. I have an hand, Hida. I hear you. That's your hand, Hida. I can't believe you just put your hand. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm pilot. Do it again. Good for you, Kimli Plama. You want me now, don't you? Here up. Let us have your hand, Hida. Oh! Callo, ah, I'm sorry. I apologize. You are disgusting. I want to be the governor. Here up for my lover. What for me? Why is it purple? I eat grapes. I'm a grape either. Put me lever. I'm a need of strength. I'm high, cold and sea. Will not kill on your hand. Welcome. We close our eyes, and she's wide, our side may we bring joy, cause we sing. It's a legal traffic calling, because I'm a virgin. I'm a Hindu. But I'll see you. Theasa says through, There's a string, we can also cross this path's attention. sebened sorrow for two chickens and one disallow it does be I'm the seven-kilometer bear. They will go to the post. And if they understand English, they're bunch of parts for the whole. But they're method of voting. Some say it's bad. They have more than enough candidates. They don't even need one name, Chad. Welcome to the Recon Academy for a year. Such a crazy race, such a crazy race, such a crazy race, such a crazy race. And what will go wrong in the Recon Academy for a year? We've a winner, we've a winner, we've been here by this time next year. Welcome to the Recon Academy for a year. So many are on the space, many are on the space. No one can keep them straight. We're going to the Recon Academy for a year. Who may or who they choose, who they choose, who they go to the state for the rules. Who welcome to the Recon Academy for a year. That's the one with the unlucky. All right, Miami has the dolphins, they're the worst football team. They club the ball from goal to goal, like no one's ever seen. They're on the ground, that's where those days, they're never in control. And when you say Miami, you're talking toilet holders there. The Miami dolphin, Miami dolphins, Miami dolphins number. How many jeans and a week? Thirty-two, Miami dolphins, Miami dolphins, Miami dolphins. Don't bet on them, you'll always lose. They don't know how to tackle, they don't know how to block. Their coaches ought to tell them to put their day in their juxtapes. Then they would run much faster and even in defeat. When we go to the stadium, we'll see Miami heat. And there the Miami dolphin, Miami dolphins, Miami dolphins number. How many jeans and a week? Thirty-two, Miami dolphins, Miami dolphins, Miami dolphins. The team that hasn't got a clue. Miami has the dolphins, but the dolphins have no fence. Just 50,000 assholes sitting in the stands. They watch the game and all they do is mowing right then bitch. I wonder how Joe Abbey got the piece, so got them rich and they're the Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins, Miami dolphins number. How many jeans and a week? Thirty-two, Miami dolphins, Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins, I hear the crowd begin to boo. The dolphins have trade feedler that quarter packs it to you. Put down the field and he will throw up past over you. I'll never win a super bowl you shouldn't be surprised when he gets cut. That doesn't mean that he was circumcised in there. But Miami dolphins, Miami dolphins number. How many jeans and a week? Thirty-two, Miami dolphins, Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins, jacals his signals in Hebrew. The dolphins have no defense in there. Offences at joke, like George Bush eating pretzels. You know they're gonna joke. They'll always disappoint you when they're in a playoff race. With fewer points than Parkmarks on high singers. Ugly face in there. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins number. All what the hell? Thirty-two, Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Now they're free. One, twenty-six, five, sixty. WCM, we got the mad dog. Coming up at two, the Humbered Four, and then after that, well. Let me tell you right now about your purpose. If they look pretty nasty, if you haven't, I'm cleaning the long time. You can open up the L.O.P. Just need to find a whole bunch of carpet cleaning names. Many of them, by the way, you'll get a, uh, this number has been disconnected. Cause they're out of business. They come and go like crazy. Dry concepts have been here for like almost 25 years in town. They've been cleaning my carpets over 20 years in my house. And there's a good reason because they're the best in the world. Nobody comes close to the job they do for you. So before the holidays come around, before all those pennies, and some people start coming down. Get your carpets looking just like brand new smell and memory fresh. And believe you mean, they're trying a couple of hours when they finish the job. And you wouldn't even believe that it's, uh, the same old carpeting. It looks like he just had brand new laid on the floor. Dry concept technicians know their crap and they also do the same stupidious job on your oriental rugs on your area rugs, your drapery, all of these things. So bring your carpets back to life just in time. And holidays by calling the good folks the experts. It dry concepts at 1-800-248-5071. Don't forget each and every time they give you a written guaranteed price up front before they start the job. 1-800-248-5071. Call the day and see how you can say 15 percent on your next carpet cleaning too. Dry concepts don't forget clean today. You can entertain the night and check them out on that wicked worldwide web at dryconcepts.com. My life and love. This is the course for you, high city. You ain't yet. It's the all new CNN trust fire. Seeing it for all the government. I'll see you on board. And sitting in Versailles, and in Barcelona, there's no back on the night. And Lucian. Oh, did I go? I, I. Oh, I. Oh, I. Oh, I. I. I. What is it? But me. As a true Tom Rich had to step down the costly would never pass a Senate confirmation regarding his close ties to Anne Ron. Oh, my. What kind of mouthwashed is the president used to watch Saudis standoff as Tom? to watch Saudi stand off as tongue. Is it wrong? Is it wrong? Is it wrong? Is it wrong? Is it wrong? Coming up tonight, outside the behind the two Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story. We take a good, hard, stiff look and a start of it. Good, that's it. Good, that's it. Good, that's it. Here in America, they had nothing more than a minor impact with their songs cool summer and Venus. But in Britain, they had 23 top 40 singles and ran into the most successful all girl group in history, which leads to a very important question. What the hell is up with Britain? Look, look, I really rather not talk about it. After a summer reporter broke a two-decades silence about the dirty facts England was hoping to keep buried. Predition bazzeter to the UN, Nigel Klenchworthy, made this statement. These are the phenomena, Rama. Where is Shane? Where in Paris? Can you not just leave us in peace? Inside the behind took to the streets of England to find out how this smarty pants are always so much better than you country could be so filled with cleanest losers with no taste in music. Give me, give me. Can you talk more about how you feel so highly of banana ramma? Yeah, f***er ball band of it, nice. No darling, I was watching them. Okay, tell everyone we're not all this way. I'm quite fond of the bank, though, really. But when our camera crew went to a London pub, things got ugly. Excuse me, gentlemen. Care to apologize for banana ramma? Sure, mate. Soon as you apologize for Chris and for Chris and for Chris. Oh, come on. Give me. Sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Okay, then hang on, guys. Hang on, hang on. Sorry. Oh, nice. Well, you have to admit, Christopher Cross has left us with a lot to answer for. Oh, God. It's a big juicy, sobbing with look at show business. Tonight, on inside the behind. Uh. Get me a ticket for an arrowplane. Dr. Goorand, a wheel of watching games. I just got to win. Spin the wheel again. Oh, banana. Pick me a letter. Back from what you mean, bank. Why don't you earn how much money I got to spend? Can't stand to lose, get that said, Jack again. Won't throw in the tower. Still, life by your powers. Oh, banana. Pick me a letter. Hey, man, what do you mean there's no instant ball? Why not pick me a letter? No one does it any better. I dream about you. Hey, banana. Is that an all over Santa? Why? Why don't understand why you make 100 grand enough for me to say. Anyway, get me a ticket for an arrowplane. Ah. Gonna be under wheel of watching game. I just got to win. Spin the wheel again. Oh, banana. Pick me a letter. Go banana. Open the door. Hi. Hey, get out of my face, man. Get out of the way. And there, Ellen that word. Is a low rider. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. I forgot to let her man out. They better why you beautiful men in your nickel plate. Oh, I'm getting up. Yes, they get more and narrow plane. All right. I'm on the wheel of watching game. I just love that sound. I'm in the bonus rounds. Hey, banana. Pick me a letter. Close the turn. Hey, crash. Close the turn. Then the big meal. No one does it any better. I dream about you. All right. That is an all over ten. Then I don't need to stare. But are you wearing like a wear? Not for me to say. Anyway. I don't care how much money I got to spend. Can't stand to look at that stage. I can't even. Won't throw in the towel. Still live by your power. Oh, banana. Pick me a letter. Please, banana. Pick me a letter. All right. I'm ready to pick that is. FGDMG and take it. I'm going to be 20. You'll be WXYD. That's your club, right, huh? All right. I'll take the sofa. The blender. The microwave. The refrigerator. Hey, man. What do you mean? 500 dollars per a black and white fight in portable TV set. You got ripped off, man. My brother will not forget to be a whole stage. Give me the money. I'll buy the TV 7. All right. Hey, man. Come on, baby. Sorry, I told you. Don't bother me while I'm in here. I thought. Hello? It's Mickey Mouse. Oh, Mr. Mouse. Good morning. How are you? What the hell are you doing to me? Nothing, sir. You're freaking killing me. No, not. I got to have a Kelly call the every three minutes. Why did we move the process? Sir, you told me to move the bride and tell you why do you want the woman to give her a gun? No, sir. You said, move the practice to Monday. Hey, hey, listen, but wipe on the boss. I'm at the decisions. You take the heat. Right. You all go to practice. Okay. How are we going, will that anyway? Hold on. Remus. Yeah, well, shot far. Hell up. I'm on the phone, Remus. Hold on. Yeah, yes. What was your question? I'm telling you. here between Dan and Kelly and the Michael Jackson call me every three minutes. I'm gonna go out of my freaking mind. Hold on. Revers! Get him off! Stop him with it! I'm so sorry for all of us. I'm so sorry for Revers! I'm sorry for all of us. Revers! It's once this in my hand, Revers. That's your beat as well. My other hand, Revers. That's a full ball. Right. I can't hear anything, Revers. And it's stopped flying the floor. Sorry. I'm not sure. The moves are working out very well. The practice is four minutes times one. What? What? It's time for a crazy story even beating the WB. Fairly. Oh my god. Michael Jackson was a rating success. A bunch. Hold on a second. Revers. vegetable. What the hell are you doing? What the harmonica. Don't play, Revers. I'll jam that thing down your throat. And get that blue burn away from me. Oh, come on, Revers. I'm allergic. I'm a loser. Sir, over 25 million people saw that. Don't bother, Revers. Listen. Yeah. You see me? What I'm doing here? Sir, you're on the phone. I know I'm on the phone. Do you see what I'm doing? Use your imagination for crying all the while. I'm moving my hands up and down. I'm the puppet master. I swear, you do it. Now Fox is going to air all the stuff that you cut out of a Michael Jackson interview. But sir, you told me to edit out all that stuff to make them look like a baby. I'm not that bad. Pop it master. Me. Eat it. Oh. Revers. Yes, yes. What the hell are you doing now? Listen to flow, though. It's nothing wrong with a floor remiss. What's this in my ear? That your beat is both my only remiss. That's the phone. That's the phone remiss. Get out. Get out. Get out. I swear. Yes, sir. Kill me. Kill me. I'm sorry, sir. Kill me. Sorry. Kill me, softly. 21 till 2 is so CNN's having an interest breakdown. U.S. operation underway at Baghdad. Building a net again on Monday. Enter like blown up some building that the Elunut takes have been used in too. 1000 pound bonds. We're dropped. Let's have a few more than 500 pound bombs. What do you say? All right. It's called emancipation by the Capital. That's the only way to go. 20 till 2 with 5 60 WQM big news. How the potty HEMC has just been voted number one potty HEMC here in Dave County and customer satisfaction number one kick. You're much better than that. Just ask me. Tom Limon and Joe Prieto want to thank their lower customers for this support for these 35 long astonishing breathtaking years. Do you believe it? Stop by Helen and check out the Bia Paniac vibe. Normally we're telling for over 20 grand. Buy it fully loaded for just 16 5 plus tax and tag. It's kind of like brand greasy. It's fully loaded. How much you truck head, quarters it over 300 to choose from including the U.C on and the U.C on Excel is out as supposed to be? Excel. Excel. General because Bob Byzenberg won't change the company. He won't pay any attention. And he won't give a steady money for a better pair of rescue. See better not come anywhere in the studio. Him and Todd Drek. And coming soon at Helen Paniac the new envoy XUV. And most unique SUV on a market anywhere. Great Neil deals waiting for it today tomorrow next Easter every day at Helen Paniac GMC 134.01 South Dixie Highway that's U.S. When across in the falls open every day seven days a week. If you want more information you know what to do by now. I hope called the Neil Rogers. Neil Deal Hotline. Tool free. One triple eight. Five three four forty two eleven. That's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven. Keep in mind all offer submitted to credit to povel see the good folks at Helen's Forty Tales. That's our great post personal piezons at Halib Paniac GMC. Who'll be on the shadow of a dude. Our professional great. And this is for 205. Two eight. Two three four more bombs drop. Five six seven eight more bombs drop. Nine ten eleven twelve more bombs drop. We're going to drop. The bomb around the block. We're going to drop ten. primer 10 flaming websites right off the hand we are going for bomb around a<|th|> Black tonight. We're going on a bomb on top. Out there lights We're going to bond on the Mumble round. With Black tonight. Oh grass. Wow.rieff. I. Brown brim polled. Afflector There's a wheel going bombs, so power blast we're going to jump back all up, you're alright, we're going to bomb around the clock tonight, we're going to bomb bomb bombs up out there life, we're going to bomb going to bomb bomb bombs up, out there life, we're going to bomb there was a no farmer who lived on a rock, he sat in the middle just shaking his fist at some boys who were down by the prick, they're feeding the water, they're hands on their marbles and play things and at half past four, they're came a young lady she looked like a pretty young creature she sat on the grass, she pulled up her dress and she showed them her rubbles and laces and white blood beat them, she said she was learning a new way to bring up her children, so they would not spin, while the boys in the barn yard were shoveling rep you send later from yesterday's hunt, while the girl in the middle was rubbing her eyes at the fellow down by the dock, he looked like a man with a side of a hole in the country with a big fence out front, if he asked her phone lightly she'd show him her little bet, doll who was subject to this and maybe she'd let him grab hold of her small tender hands with a movement so quick and then she'd bend over and suck God is candy so tasty made of butter sky and then he's spread whipped cream all over her cookies that she had left out on her shelf, if you think this is dirty you can go to yourself, this is Rush Limbaugh, servant of humanity, talk show host, hemorrhoid sufferer, folks with over 300 pounds I know the aggravated of this kind of dilemma ladies and gentlemen I'm here to tell you there's help with new preparation rush and my rush to excellent repositories, now you can end the pain and it's free of hemorrhoid to teach you just for my picture on the box of repositories and the applicator tube, another fine products from OIB, the obesity and broadcast treatment work. my religion's better than your religion's better than yours, we not endorse a father you like older brushes you are new, my religion's better than your own ways, my religion's better than your religion, my religion's better than your orders, we wear ties and ride our bikes and get you married lots of wives, my religion's better than yours, my religion's better than yours, my religion's better than yours we don't want to use our brains for my wish and think of our brains, my religion's better than yours my religion's better than yours, my religion's better than yours, my religion's better than yours my religion's better than yours, my religion's better than yours, my religion's better than yours my religion's better than yours, my religion's better than yours, my religion's better than yours some fruit breaks your marriage into the white left town, my banana, my baby is the I'm a jealous man, become the six inch Latin love bird, now she does the thing over her right hand and right now I could just die, he's eating my banana cream pie, my wife left town with a banana my baby is slipping, my baby is slipping away 150, I'm a good guy, we're dropping a few bamba, bamba grande, or maybe he's a pecania on the bag, dad, we're not going out a few buildings, that's all, that's some of the buildings involved in the attacks by the bad guys, the evil doers and so we're like when and dad we're taking them out, hope there's no collateral damage if you're just my drift, you know what I mean, pin in the S bystanders, anyway, not pull, which a pro or college coach or manager was the absolute worst of all time, I'll give you the double digit ones, okay, Renee Lachman, 10, the Lachman, magic Johnson and Dave Campbell, 11 of Peas, Louis, holds 15, Perry Clark, 16, Wayne, Font, 16, David, Schuelau, 21, Barry, Switzerland, 21, Jerry, Fowse, 24, Terry Murray's got about 30, Rich, co-type 52, Dave wants that is the winner man, 99, and I still don't care about sports smuck, hundred and the 33, 25%, a quarter of this audience is trying to send a message, like Joey Zaza, you know, give a crap, here's something I give a crap about Pompano Park, that's right, there are 40th anniversary scenes going on right now, and by the way, Dick Feinberg, what about Erica Dahl, high, see what an idea, high school on Eric Baby, good Michigan boy, man, oh man, Dick, you better get with it. Anyway, Pompano Park with the live harness racing tonight in four nights a week now, Monday, Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday, first post time, a new post time of 705 p.m. and don't forget, the poker room is now open, new to midnight, every live racing day, including tonight. Pompano Park also has your final casting every day and night, seven days a week, with the best and harness, throw a bread, high-light action from all across North America, free not only to see, but pleasure lungs on it every day, and every they also at Pompano Park, free general parking and free admission. And new the season at the track, 20% increase in purses, the nightly giveaway of a $400 betting voucher, and a revamp free powerplay rewards program that gives you points, either betting on the horses or playing poker, that you can meet him for special gifts and betting vouchers in tonight, being a Wednesday, everyone did it. The track is dollar night, dollar, grab beers, hot dogs, sodas, and much more. Pompano Park don't forget live racing and the dining room is also open on the sixth floor top of the park, live racing four nights a week at 705 Monday Wednesday, Friday and Saturday. Pompano Park is located to Blacks out of the landing bullet of our power line road, nine five four and nine seven two two thousand is the number to call for new race schedule or check it out online at pompanopark.com.musics Assucing them music a moment Ambassador To our... To the long floor We went in your cell Why did you go and change your cell How the girl would do Guess who the girl would There's one thing we know for sure Looks to teach us how to move Should have got a poor Sleep with your cell Why did you go and change your cell Why did you go and change your cell You hung your own cell Did you go and change your cell We did you go and change your cell That's the soul Oh can I buy you think that you're in love You stole our old star game Cus your own sports really suck You got dog sled runs You shoot moves with guns What a way to entertain And you fish for ice You think hockey's nice Cause it's played without a brain Who can a dog Who knows you Give me my old star game I want it back now The space ball in Canada makes me a blue child Bye bye I'm gonna watch your show I'm feisty Screw the listener screw the advertisers That's our model