We have pack on our mics and neals coming up next to absolutely. What are you hearing Neil that A's just gonna? Oh, he's gonna go off. Gonna what? You're gonna go off like a NASCAR engine blowing on what? Put whatever you want. Not me? Yeah, yeah, buddy. Not me. He moves outside or is trying to get us. All the crap you could unwrap. All the slime all the time. I'm in for real. Coming up next. That's it. I like that. That's me, slimy man. I'm in double. Satan. I am the second coming evil. You shoot your colleague. He don't pass on to you. I'm just not the day there's now. Everybody's doing me. Everybody's trying to get us done on your ass man. The whole is focused on your. I'm slimy. I'm so mean and slimy and disgusting and repulsive and degrading and just really a degenerate. I'm so full. And. Uh-huh. And that's why everybody likes you a lot. Yeah. And remember this to the Marlins are going to be 500 in the right. Why you start with a baseball. I'm a good cheese. I just remember all the city matchups. When the hell is hockey star it already. Hey, did you hear? Hasics coming back. I saw that. What the hell is that? That's right. Listen, that'd be like, what'd you do a little bit tired of that crap? That'd be like, you know, jigs play in Goldie. He is how to get that name by the way. I don't know. I think he got it somewhere in New York. Yeah. I'm on Long Island. Hey, jigs get out of the way. Why is that? So you were taking his job this season or you better do it now because there won't be any next season. Well, you know, I heard. Gellie has that job. He started with you to vision yesterday. He had an interview with Fox for a really good position. He's flying all over the place. I think tomorrow he's got a network die and Sawyer spending an hour with him. Are you taking a mole again? No, no, Gellie. No, you're picking on mole by the way. You got a nice can. Let's say all the people in Arizona in the rush fires. I hope they die. Yeah. And that was that was not me that said that. No, quite frankly, I don't know anybody in Arizona. Lot of right, lot of right wingers up there. Something will get mad at me that I said that. But, you know, I love burning wildfires that burn homes down that aren't mine. We are the Everglades catches on fire. This summer is very great. Every day, you know, I drive here. And you know that as you you enjoy never being here that I receive your, you know, like receptacle end of the weather. I receive your bad weather and my bad weather when I drive. I cannot see now driving. It's called White Out. It's like for television. I drive now blind with headlights on driving rain and yesterday I saw Wayne. I sang a flying through the air. I heard you would make yesterday to hockey's your favorite sport. I knew there was something I liked about you. It is my favorite sport. I love the sport. But I also understand that I mean, it is, I can, billionaires is more popular right about now. It is. It really is an and cricket. When women saw when Dijk's softball beats hockey, the stand that got play on some ratings, you know, we got real problems. Yeah, but the girl that bitches Arizona is just like a split and a half. Everybody wants to do her all over face and everything. So that they want to tune in for her rack and her face and her nice ass and no one cares. There was a chief of paper couch. We had 600 pounds of attention when they thought they were having a fault line and, you know, Los Angeles was moving. They were having a roof. Dijk's are definitely in big time. No, no matter what they're doing. There's really nothing quite like a really big fat bike. I think that's this great way to start your days having a 600 pound woman come after you. Are you picking on Janet Reno again? She's she's she's she's dangerous. She shouldn't you love to drive. She shakes and everything else. She's hanging out with sister Jean around the beach right now. Yeah, the two of them. I can just envision it. Okay, you're up that image. You're you listen don't drag me into that cesspool. I can just see you right in the middle. But well, you're doing kind of Lisa's today. Have a great day Scott. Set up the television press conference. Take off those checker pants. No. I'm Ted Nugin. Broker Patriots and just a gay man. As you know, the tragedy of 911 was like a really bad thing that happened because of the bill blitting him to use. So I want you to show your support for our president who was appointed by God himself. For a limited time only, you can have this personally autograph photo of our fearless leader on that tragic day. He is in full color and on genuine faith or made from trees and the great north was. Yours were only $150 that come on and I'd like this will suit me and be collectible. You know that. So call 1-800 NRCC right now. But wait, if you call within the next 10 minutes, you'll receive this never before heard you. Call the old bar mighty president in on the morning to 911. There once was a catpillar who was very hungry. The 8 and apple, but he was still hungry. Then he was excuse me because the president has been in attack on the world trade center. Okay. And then he ate some strawberries. He had a sto-mack at golf. Yes. The uncle tick is on the phone. He should leave a lot of junk food because you'll get a sto-match at 80. That's 800 NRCC. If you call now, I'll leave a throw in this here. A bunch of bananas. I'm wearing all my balls. But we sure like him a lot. Don't worry. El President, man. He's got the IQ over fruit fly. It's 10.05 at 5.60 WDQ. I'm welcome to another great Tuesday. Great. Please tell me it's not pouring down cats and dogs there yet. Not as a 5 minutes ago. That's a good thing. The even better news than that is that Bonerboy showed up today. Maybe it's a nice kind of a cameo appearance today. Not in jail today yet. Certainly. It's early in the day. It is early in the day. He's not on the loose with his caboose. Probably hanging out with old chief Moose. Get ready to write that book. Anyway, he's had a few problems last couple days. But we don't want to go backward. We want to go forward. Don't win. Absolutely. And I thought I got that in my 360. You're going to be here in that. Absolutely. Absolutely. So many times today. Not dirty, man. Anyway. So we got the contest. It hasn't even started it because it's only 24th of June. So the July one hasn't started. But we got our first entry already. For the last of these series of hot couples contest. See, this is going to work out really good. Because we got this thing going on for July. And then starting August one. We got our best in Eal CD in the MO keychain. Right? Absolutely. So what they'll work at they want. We did put that on there. Do we? Absolutely. We took something off there. And we put absolutely on the MO keychain. So that'll be starting August one. So we'll keep like a whole bunch of steady cramp going on, which is good. Anyway, if you want to email to onearranges.com, the a picture. If you want to enter the hot couples contest for July, the prizes are the same as they were for the first two. Three day two nights day for two of the Royal Wishes. Resort and casino in Bahamas with round trip air for around like your air or your choice. Three night two day stay for two of hedonism two or three in Jamaica. All inclusive transfers food, rink, or two of these entertainment. No air for on that one. The place will be dinner for two at the World Famous Pizza Log. You can hang out with the Jeff and he'll show you his famous goods. So that's the contest in July. You can start saying the pictures in now. We already have like I said one totally unexpected. That was nice one. A little bit of a surprise. Here also maybe unexpected is a not just a sentence but a full short paragraph. Okay. Two sentences. What? Two sentences for the price of none from living history. Hillary Rodham-Clim. This is going to save everybody out there a lot of cash. How much of this piece of direct cost? Um, son of usually on the first week, but twenty eight bucks, forty four Canadian A. Twenty eight dollars. Keep your money in your pocket. Just tune into our show in the first half hour every day. And we'll read maybe even like a whole paragraph someday. This is a paragraph. She says my mother and my grandmother's could never have lived my life. My father and my grandfather's could never have imagined it. But they've still done me the promise of America which made my life and my choices possible. Let's hear it for Hillary. Oh, there we go. And that more than enough for one day. God, we're already halfway through page one. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Hey listen, Hillary is good in small doses. That's what Bubba said. I mean it's only about a five hundred fifty page book. So how many centuries will it take us to read this? I'm good man. You bet. Oh, guess what? I got some bad news to start today. I hate to do it on a sour note. Oh, this guy on six. This is going to be the, yes. Really tired. Let's get him out of the way. Here's my me lake. Hello. Yeah. No. I'm not the guy. I'm, I'm a damn. Yes sir. But I want to say, it's your radio station. It's don't have in the people with the great bodies. I want to have people with the great voices. Yeah. Would that be more effective and glad to see how many people have a voice for radio? Exactly. I'm glad to see you know on the same phone problems that for elders. They always make the most perfect for you. Now the thoughts are easily screwed up for us and that that studio never has any problems. So it's about damn time that they started getting a hex. Well, you've been going this for years and they've never gotten you right heavy. No, they have not. You're still got you. Number one at our book and suppose you want to talk about survey. Yes, I didn't hear. I want. I'll get in a minute. Super. Have a great day. Great. I'll say goodbye. I was interesting. That was like a nice guy in line. Six is opposed to retire. Great. And I've got that asshole who then comes back later when to show a different voices. Anyway, I have some bad news for you. Although you don't care because you don't know who this is being the anti-symite that you are. Leon Euras author of Exodus, novel of the founding of Israel and other bestsellers dies at the age of 78. He died? Oh, no. Author Leon Euras and immigrants determined son who made it big with a million selling Exodus. Another greatly popular novels has died. His ex-wife said that he was 78. He died Saturday of natural causes at his home at New York Shelter Island. The photographer Jill Euras said from her home an aspect in Colorado. What were some of the other books he wrote? I don't know. I like the theme from that. That's inspiring. Well, I'm sure that somewhere in this lengthy story that I got here, it's got the names of the other books that he wrote. The Angry Hills. Battle cried. That was his first novel to story about the Marines. What were some of the other things that he wrote after Exodus? Topaz. And this would be nice to revolve in the French government. Trinity. An encyclopedic novel about Ireland. He was OK Leon Euras. You know what I'm saying? He died. Happens to the best of us. A lot of that going on these days. Who else died? A couple weeks ago. That news guy. Oh David Brick. Oh, don't say that news guy. That's so weird. I would have a role. No, David Brickley, who's eyeball fell out on his cheek. And then he sat at the standard of a tear. We like David Brickley a lot. Good night, Chet. Good night. Good night. I'm going to be seen as. See that's way before your child. I saw my life. All the good stuff. You know, I hate to break the news to you because I don't want you to feel bad. You and Boner boy there. But all the good stuff happened before you were born. I understand that you all people keep going on about that. Oh, there's that's for us around line nine again. Our chronic. Here's the a chronic line. Hello. Miami. I know it was him. But he couldn't wait. Couldn't wait. I know damn well was him. He's the only cousin line nine. If he got them, they were going to get you some help. Okay, after we get a butterfly in it and catch your ass. We're going to get you some real help. We're going to turn you over to the guy they mind me. Police. Now, let me ask you. Was it the city of Miami, police? Or was it the FHP? Or was it was it was the city of higher Leo police? Or city of higher Leo police that nailed your ass. Yeah. We had that little bit of a wreck and little a problem with your license and all these things. If they are grab you through you against the wall and leave a thumbprint on your arm. A nice bruised thumbprint. Is there any way to get like prints off of that? Are you going to start with the police again now? No, it's just a... See if I'm you right now. I count my blessings that I'm sitting there on the outside. I'm free as a bird. In fact, I can hear what's your name. I'm singing right now. What tells your name? Free as a bird. Free as a bird. What tells your name? Can you give me a Portuguese Canadian? Really? For Tato. No, for Tato. She's actually pretty cute. She's great. I was talking about her years ago before her first album was out. She was talking about her long before you seen her because I saw her in Amsterdam on my satellite. Back when I had my crappy apartment, you're right. I'm sure when I had those 15, 20, 30, four whole bunch. Fuck, third of me. Of music channels there on TV. That was the one great thing. I played around the year like three years ago in Delhi for Tato. She's actually... She's Canadian, and Portuguese. Portuguese. Anywhere I'll give you the result of the pull from yesterday. A lot of people of course are like dying to hear that. Probably, Spilfee's brewery. Whatever her name is. She's probably listening right now. They hate you, Spilfee's from Channel 7. From that embarrassing deck of Drekow Drive show they hate you like poison. Anyway, it's 12 minutes after 10. If you're having Spilfee's because your carpets are looking pretty bad. In other words, if you've got butterflies in your stomach, that's what that really translates to. Do you know that? No. Now you do. Anyway, drag concepts will like to come to your home and make the Schmutz and the Spilfee's all go away. In fact, they specialize in eliminating Schmutz and Spilfee's. It says that right on their truck. If you want to get yourself a great look in carpet and have it look just like brand new. Drive concepts are the people you want to call. I've used them for well over 20 years now as long as I can remember. Because they're the one people in the world who drag clean your carpets. It's a patented exclusive method. It's just like directly near clothing. It sucks out the dirt that's way down in their deep in the fire. It's your carpet and makes them look just like brand spank into. They've the smell lemony fresh. They're drying just a couple of hours and you're ready to rock and roll again. And they do the same to penish job on your drapes. Your expensive area rugs, your oriental rugs. Your leather furniture, a poultry. And if you're problem with pet otters and mill the voters caused by water damage, crack concepts will make them disappear like magic too. And one of the best parts of the deal with them is not only do they show up on time like they promised, but they give you a written guaranteed price before they start to job. No rip off, no scans, no tack ons at the end of the job. Just a hand you arose. You had them and check anybody walks away with a big smile on their posts. You'll be amazed at how great they can make your carpet look. Do yourself a favor called the professionals. A dry concept's toll free. And please be sure and tell them that old meal told you to call. 1-800-248-5071. 1-800-248-5071. Get more info on their website if you like. At dryconcept.com don't forget with dry concepts you cleaned today. You can entertain tonight. My life and love this is for trail by city. You way too way. I'm saloonly. Tarnished with the sewer of this place. Look in graduations, get a life. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh o.. and we'll once again the race of the mankind ever, and we'll begin with Raver. Loads of trick. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, so oh, I learned to. Ah, very well oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, I learned it the fact that Ska character put on all the enemy genius you are this sentence don't you understand? Stop calling us every day. What part of that don't you understand? Well, you could call it the economic. What part of that don't you understand? Bye. He is being a chronic isn't it? See, that's what does that tell you a lot when I can punch up the line and know who it's going to be? Yeah, is that what you call chronic? That's what you call super chronic is what that is. Absolutely. God. Get a light pali. Get a life. He's addicted to my great listen to what's turned up real out. Walk around up and down Lincoln Road mall. What a guy. They have sandwich board promoting Michelle. Do something. But get out of our face. Get lost. Okay. Here's the result from yesterday's pool. I feel so much better getting him out of my hair. 1535 votes on yesterday's pool. Not too shabby. You know, there's an interesting part of this that's a little bit disconcerting to me. Beiner boy. All the hard work that he does putting those bedtime stories when he's not in jail. Putting the bedtime stories on there. I just wonder how many people even read those. Because we're getting lately a phenomenal response on a pool and this this pool was okay. It wasn't like stellar. But we got over a 1500 votes and there's nobody in town. See what I'm saying? To the point. Well, we'll find out. Maybe some people will tell us today. If they actually read those bedtime stories because I spend hours and hours and hours scouring every website. Do you believe that? Yeah. Now about 15 minutes. I've been that maybe an hour a day and minimum. No, that's why I try to put a nice chunk of information right on our site. So, you know, nice chunk. That's what we're having this morning. Chunks. Wondering what do we're going to show up or not? But he showed up. Everything's fine for right now. He's out of jail. He's calm. Cool and collected. You know, when this all started, everyone for else showed up. You were, you were under control. You were doing just fine till he showed up. I don't want to blame it on Scott. But once he showed up, see you're trying to be as out of control and off the wall as he is. There's only one for how. Thank you. And you're trying to be a madman, a wild man. Just like him. Your whole life is spinning out of control now because of him. Don't you want to blame him? Sure. Somebody else. Okay. Which overrated supposedly hot chick is actually the biggest dog we asked yesterday. 1537 votes. That's a lot. In fact, I'd be able to get the stats from yesterday of Eric. Whatever good office bad asking. Get that server thing straight not up there. It was supposed to be done an hour ago. Right, Eric. Oh, come on, Eric. God, is he slow? Lin Martinez 14. I'm reading from the bottom up. The biggest dog. Maria, part of one will 15. That's probably because nobody except a couple old or any investors. There are the only ones who would think that she's hot. Am I right about that? I don't even know what she looks like. Maria, yes you do. Maria Bartoloma with a gigantic bags under her eyes. What's like, many miles on a bad day. Of course. Terrarid had 18. That was the anti-atom Brady vote. That was just to make me go. Well, happy. Terrarid was he's looks okay to me. She's hot. Jackie's Johnson 31. Madonna 61 and she was very late edition and we apologize for fucially because she didn't love better than that. Madonna 61. Maria Carrey looks real scary 64. Now here comes the good stuff. Spilky's narrate 97 on channel 7's Drecco Drive. They hate you, Spilky's. They can't stand your name. You're a silly person that show is garbage and they don't like the way you look. Spilky's narrate 97. Pamela Anderson, 97 also a late edition. That's your fault George. I'm sorry. I'll decide out of mind. Now here to put her on a little bit sooner. She'd have topped 100 guaranteed. But nevertheless, 98 now she's just another one. Jelo 16. That's going to make Luis Miguel. Arm Miguel very upset. He was sticking up for yesterday. He was sticking up. There's nothing terrible read it's cute but he likes Jelo. What does that tell you about his taste? Bad taste. What he likes to be gas? He's Cuban. Jelo 16 and Tere Reed is not Cuban. What does that tell you? Put those pieces together. I wonder you've got. Bracom. Glory and step on 141 and you noticed how Mandy Panbe who was about that to me. I couldn't get a straight answer out of him. He was afraid to say anything negative about her because she was like out there in front of Aliens or Miami house. Remember that? Right. For an Andy Garcia. You know, I saw that all goings on or maybe feel sympathy for Joey Zazal. I started switching sides. He after all did have a Belafagura. Glory and step on 141. Sarah Jessica, I'm sorry. Sarah, Jessica Park, they can't be in the 69. 24% very good. That was George's choice. I picked Ryan Scurry. I would have picked Anna Nicole Smith only. It's inconceivable to me that anybody would consider her to be hot. Not in the past well, however many years since she got fat. And in a call Smith, 516 votes winning in a grand slide 33.4% of all 1500 plus votes. 1542 to be exact in the number. It's swelling. It's big. It's gigantic. We'll get to the new full in a second. I got a whole pile of stuff to conclude that most story. How do we miss that yesterday? I don't know. They didn't. The reason we missed the yesterday is because our listeners are a day late in the dollar short. Unfortunately, none of us subscribed to the Booker Retelling Del Rey Beach news. We don't get it. Normally, I'd drive up and get one, but I did know. But he missed out on Sunday. He forgot. He was too busy Bill and Bina Boy out of jail with something. Let's take this call from Miami. Hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Yeah. I don't know how you could have a poll like the one you're having without including three really overrated women, Charlie Zangels. And if you're as faucet? No, the new ones. Oh, the new ones. I haven't seen the new ones. The three old ones were beautiful. Yeah, they were. That's why I was in shock that you said that. How could they cast a show about three beautiful women with three ugly women? Yeah. I mean, I thought that you're a Cameron dea's a face that she's got holes in it. You can't read the as you don't like? She's got like holes like crazy. From 100 yards away, she looks pretty damn good without the makeup she's got craters. Could be. And by the way, Belky is a pretty common Hispanic name. Spokey's is a common Hispanic name. It's rather common not to be. I'll be damn well. She looks pretty common to me. I'll tell you. Okay. Thanks for the addition, pal. All right. And we apologize for not putting them on. We can't put everybody on. Plus he didn't call in yesterday. Probably couldn't get through, right? Right. Yeah. No. Well, that's the summer time. Hey, listen, we got more calls on there. Now we had all day yesterday like three. Yeah. Well, seriously, I'm I'm in a great mood. I'm happy to be here. Not to be there. And I'm ecstatic that Benin boys showed up today. We were like ripping you and asked behind your back scene. I already told you that. Mostly George. Yeah. I guess that all right. No, but no, both of us were ripping you. I mean, big time we're ready to can your ass and just how I'm reliable you are and it's just unpredictable and you're spinning out of control and you just like a little asshole, a wise ass punk. Speed punk. Yeah. Kind of like Chad on passions. You know, the street punk. See, I'm the only one on the group that understands it because the rest of your taste and TV blows. It's the any Griffith show starring any Griffith. What up? Thank you. There's a new sham in town. You didn't need to feed a needle. Hi, Eddie. Definitely. Marnie five. That's your service. Damn you. My devil. Yeah. You and Gideon. Most. Oh, you think they know real time up in May. Bad. The undercover brother is bad in uniform on the any Griffith show. Oh, you're a man. Oh, baby. Oh, I'm feeling you. Oh, I'm not beat. I look at it. I like a show. It was a joke in the joke. Yeah. They Barry will never be the same. They all bet Eddie Griffith's in town. Lord, I'm made. Isn't I need me a flow bro? Give it brother a thing. Oh, bro. You and you want me to put a little relaxing there. Maybe maybe a little Jerry Kirby. Is it up? Is it up? Don't we make it mean you're like no, I'm shot. And I thought your ass is dead. Nate's the oldest. The Eddie Griffith show tonight on Nick at night right after my three home boys. All the crap you could unwrap all the slime all the time. 1032. That's too good to erase. You know what? That's a key. That's definitely a keeper. Anyway, five six seven, oh five, 60 pound five, 60 on the 18th. He ever writes more of a smile and Eric is way ahead of us because he's under a lot of stress up there in Orlando. How's my stats page? You think he's got that first up yet? Probably I doubt it. Let me just take a look at that. I don't think so. No, not doing too good on that. Well, he'll work on that next. That's why I got the pola up real quick. Anyway, we do have the new pola. The reason I'm taking that today is not that we want to pick on mode. Doing a lot. Huh? What do you ever do to you? No, but the point is there's this big article here, which will get to momentarily. I got a whole pile of stuff here today. I feel like I'm under a lot of stress, a lot of pressure. He'll just have me do any stuff in. For example, well, let's take a call. I'm a little interstable. We'll sprinkle a little men, you know, like sprinkles on your ice cream. I'm sorry, like Jimmy's. Where do they call him Jimmy's and where they call him sprinkles? I thought Jimmy's were a particular kind of sprinkle. Yeah. And then we'll send these priests were sprinkling on Jimmy. Two former Catholic priests previously assigned the LA arts Dinesys were charged yesterday with child molestation authorities. Oh, hey. T10 Athos, Mianni, 76. I thought he was one of the three mouse guitars. Athos. One, yeah, the here. P76, who's free on $200,000 bond was charged with two kinds of committing a loot act on a child for allegedly molesting two girls. Oh, thank God in the mid-1960s. His ring was said for July 21st. Michael Wempy 63 is accused of molesting five boys on the other hand, so to speak, between 1977 and 86, it perses an LA venture and San Diego counties Wempy, whom Cardinal Roger Mahoney forced to resign from the priesthood just last year, could receive life in prison of convicted in all 42 counties. Oh, right. And probably have a really good time in there. Malibu Superior Court Judge Lawrence Myor rejected a request to lower Wempy's $2 million bail. Wempy's attorney Leonard Levine said yesterday he would ask again for lower bail of this punch July 8th agreement and of course he'd knives all the allegations. Must be another one of the two more of those isolated incidents. Don't you think you're just making those up? Here's Mianni, hello. Oh, there he took him about 34 minutes today. But I'd like to say they have a breath before he's a guitar. Was the white hair very enthusiastic, very, very forceful today. He gets a lot of credit for that. Absolutely work on it. Work on it hard. I'm sure he is right now. A guitar. I might respond to you would be expire, expire. So the appola is up here's our poll for today. Well, before we get to that, I don't want to get ahead of myself. So I guess we should because people know how people are voting on it already. We do the show backwards like momentum. In honor of the big story in the book of Ritondel Ray Beach Daily News. I mean, you know, you've hit the big time when you've gotten the book of Daily News about my good colleague, my good close personal buddy Mohara David. We made the poll about him. And of course if you believe him, he's on the poll every day. Which he is not was the on any of our movie polls. No, no, was he on our most overrated look in the Twinkies yesterday. Oh, no. But every once in a while because we like to keep his name alive since his program seemed to be like vanishing deep deep into the bottles of the night. You know, just sliding back a little bit to make room for another program is now what the article says. Look at that article by the way, I'm sure most of you may have missed it in the book of Ritond. What do you think? Well, maybe until the Herald reprisate. Maybe I'm under rest of being the power of the Bokadel Ray Daily News. Anyway, here's the poll today. Forget the, oh, I see. That's, I'm reading the note that I wrote the top of myself. What's in these statements about Mohour David, did you believe most strongly? And we got two, four, six, seven magnificent choices. Nice job Neil. Thank you. You're welcome. What's in these statements about Mohour David, did you believe most strongly? He's a total asshole. He's a great talent. He does great play by play. His top show blows. Absolutely. He's alienated just about everyone. Neil picks on him too much or who's hope Mohour David. Now, you see what a great, I mean, everything from white to black shades of grade, dark by wind, all brown, everything in between. It's a little, a little puze. Now, let's see the early returns because some of the people are really quick on our website. They'd like live on it. They're mounted on it because Boehner Boyd has a great, great job. You think we're going to get any calls from people who say if they be the bedtime star, is it not? We're not. This city? Well, seriously, I mean, it's a lot of work for both of us and if people are already read those stories on the other websites, what's the point? I mean, it looks great. It's very impressive. I'll have a read on them. They have a read on them on any other websites. At least they get to prove the headlines and ours. Right. Well, that's what I'm saying. It saved them several hours today. If you have an Apache, you might have been here for one of those websites, you know, but we'll see. We'll find out. Anyway, which of these statements about Mohour David? Do you believe most strongly is our poll question that we got 69 votes already? There's that number again. Always seems to pop up on his show. Absolutely. He's a total asshole 24. Come on. Now did you already vote? I did. I did not vote for that. I did. I would be second one. Oh, he well. Let's see. Which you believe most strongly? He's a total asshole. It was the one I voted for because I believe that most strongly. The second one is just a statement of fact. He's alienated just about everyone's got 15 votes. Who's Mohour David at 10? 14.4% of the are instillers wondering who the hell it old man is? By the way, he's 58. So he says he was in his mid 50s just a few months ago. And now he's 58. He's aging rapidly. Must be his experience at QAM. Who's Mohour David at 10? Neil picks on him too much nine. His talk show blows seven. He does great play by play four and he's a great talent so far. Oh, zero. Oh, come on. That's bad in it. That's that's pretty bad. I'll tell you why didn't vote for total asshole. Yeah, like we were talking the other day that part of him that may or may not exist. What part is that? Back home. The part that isn't an asshole. Yeah. That whatever percentage, you know, I'm still hanging on to some hope there. No, you're not. You're just doing a period now. You just repeating that because I said it a couple of times. No, you're right. I think there's a deep deep inside then he just can't overcome because of his stubbornness and his arrogance and his ego and his own just like go all of these things. If he was just let his hair down, I told him. Down and out. He just like that animal, run loose in the forest and have a wonderful life. Oh, how wonderful things would be. Just hear sand cooks sing a song about that. So anyway, there's the poll for you to prove never good time with and then we'll find out like I said, we'll take about 500 calls today or maybe more like about 30 men and find out if people are reading the bedtime stories or not. Because I'm sure that you'd probably be very pleased if we didn't have to go through that every day, wouldn't you? Carlos? No. What a liar. Absolute total BS artist. 21 to 11 at 5, 60 WQM, you know, summertime and south Florida guarantees three things. Heat humidity in hurricanes. You can't control the weather, but you can control how you protect your home during hurricane season. The hurricane shutter in window shop provides the best hurricane protection in the universe with one call to the hurricane shutter in window shop. They'll be at your home the very next day with a quote for hurricane shutter's windows and doors customize an engineer specifically for you in your home. From panels, accordions, roll-up shutters, impact resistant windows and doors, the hurricane shutter in window shop will not be a result. There'll be any written legitimate quote because when you do business with these folks, you're buying directly from the manufacturer and wholesaler. So call the hurricane shutter in window shop 1-800-538-01-91. They also offer cash and carry for you do yourself handy so if you're serious about hurricane protection customized engineers specifically for you and your home called a hurricane shutter in window shop 1-800-538-01-91 be sure to tell them that eight inch ideal to an equal. How old am I about 38 today? 58. I would say like, about 30 man. Here's that number again 1-800-538-01-91. Their hurricane shutter and window shop. Shoe in! It's day! It's day to my every child. It's blue. At five six oh, WQA. New year's shepherds recording of Lucy in the sky with diamonds was voted the worst Beatles cover of all time and now the fat former Captain Kirk has a whole CD of fat poor covers. It's Shatner warps the Beatles. Baby you can drive mine. God, at what speed this is all you know I'm going to be a stop. I hear they might run back to jail and maybe I'll love you pick up a copy of Shatner warps the Beatles and set your CD player on stun with this cover of Don't let me down. Don't let me down. Like, spiceline.com, but they stopped advertising. I'll get you spiceline. You'll need to call rescue 911 911. But you can explore their galaxy and never find a collection of Beatles songs performed this poorly as only William Shatner can. It's Shatner warps the Beatles. When I find myself in times of financial trouble I just appear in Star Trek conventions and make 10 grand just for shaking in the bucket people taste gigs. But then again they are my friends. It's the Beatles cover album that boldly goes where no Beatles cover album has gone before unless you count those crappy versions Leonard Nemoy kid. It's Shatner warps the Beatles. Let it be. Let it be. Let it be. Let me ask you, they forget his wife had a bottom of that pool or they had to trade it. 127 votes on a pool already. I'm going to tell you we may break all records with this pool today. You know, because this is another emotional topic. It even is only about 100 people in town. They're voting a lot. Which of these statements about Mohour David and you believe most strongly? He's a total asshole 39. He's alienated just about everybody 28. Who's Mohour David and 18? Neal pitched on him too much 17. I'm going to have to think about that. You know what? Right your heart. I thought about it. His talk show below 16. He does great play by play 8. He's a great talent. We got one. Nice going, Mohour. You got one. And that's just the beginning of the movie. U.S. bomber drops nine bombs on its own troops. This is not a very pleasant story. U.S. Air Force is admitted one of its own B52 bombers is dropped nine massive bombs on its own troops killing and entering several soldiers. The bomber play had been taking part in U.S. military exercise in Djibouti. Captain Seth Mishore 27 of Hudson Mass was killed on Sunday 8 other U.S. troops injured the incident. Nine misdirected the M11 bombs fell over two fell near 2CH53 E. Superstaring helicopters that were parted to Jason to the range where the F.S. has been taking place. And it goes on about this one was from here and this one was from there. Djibouti gained independence from France in 1977. A French retains a military base there. A U.S. led task force is using Djibouti as it's based to lead the war in terrorism in the Horn of Africa region. So another one of those accidents. Goop. Pretty tragic. Here's a call from Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. How are you doing? Great. Here's to me that George Aloe and Timberdator jealous whenever the grey one calls in. To these rubber jumps. He doesn't. You know there he goes. He just has to tell you it's relevant. Okay. Here's the story from the Bokadel Ray Beach News Sunday June 22nd this past Sunday. It just skated right on by all. Of course I was on route here. I was on a plane. So I didn't get a chance to pick up my Bokadel Ray News at the airport. Better do something about that. So I could have possibly seen it. And George was busy trying to bail Biniber out of jail. Right. Oh yeah. Well, I mean let's make up luck and publish it a little bit. Makes a more exciting. So well, that's a good excuse for it. That's an out. So we missed this because otherwise I'm sure that we would have been glued to this in head of four yesterday. We try to be first the first this with the most this. The little but prime for upcoming season is the headline. There's a picture. Now quite frankly for me, which I got it's not. But if for me, I would be too happy even with the facts. You know it's black and white. I can see that there's a nasty looking muskware on top of most head there. And this looks like a Bokadel Ray and piece because it looks like his teeth are missing. I mean I could be wrong. Maybe I'm just am I right? I have a better copy. Yeah. And it looks the same. It looks like it's been airbrushed. Maybe Bokadel Ray and Fedamna's picture. Oh that would be embarrassing for the people at the Bokadel Ray Beach News wouldn't it? Absolutely. But I'm going to read this article. I want you to sit back and just soak it in. Okay. I want you to just listen to the words soak it in. Bokadel Ray and Dolphin Sports Cancer Howard David unscathed by criticism Howard David has earned himself a name in Sports and Talk broadcasting during some 20 years of doing radio play by play David has broadcast the Olympic six Superbowls Monday night football the Masters and Tennessee West Open. He will soon begin his second season as the radio voice of the Miami Dolphins. Unfortunately some say the name the Bokadel Ray told Resident has earned in South Florida is Moa Howard. Thanks to Looker Radio Talk Show personality Neil Rogers David was a talk show on 560 WQM 5 to weigh the Amazon in the bar of the butt of many barbs Rogers speed was doing his 4 hour morning slash afternoon show on WQIM. He's the butt. He's the back of them. Rogers and acknowledged homosexual is even portrayed both men in a compromising position on his internet site. Speaking of back of them. And they failed the point out though that even a way that happens to be true that I'm on a receiving end of his view study like that. Yeah, I think he has nothing else to do speculated David who says he tuned out Rogers eight months ago. We met face to face and he was pleasant but rats will look you in the face and behind your back. He'll be very animated. I don't know what that means. I think this is personal from his point of view that's correct it is personal. I was not business and personal. Neil Rogers is just a Howard's during pretender he says. Although others on the station if be were also be rated and be little David on the year. The 58 year old see now all of a sudden he's gone from mid 50s to 58. He's moving up close to the truth. The 58 year old former Westwood one slash CBS radio personality says he has a good relationship with other on-air personalities including his partner on the often broadcast mad dog Jim Mandage and amusing comment. Right. The daily dose of insults however is not deterred David. He says he doesn't regret coming his South Florida nearly two years ago from his home state of New York where he was the play by playman for the often fiercest rival in New York Jets. It's the greatest place I've ever lived said the Brooklyn born David and I was off Yamato Road in Boca. Oh no. Seeing now why are they putting in a paper there? He's going to bitch them out. They should be put in that. That gives like I mean I realize Yamato roads along road and there are a lot of people living at the city but yeah he'll be calling them. He'll be calling them up right now and then I don't know if I'll put my address in it anyway. I feel like I've lived here 15 to 20 years. He's a we feel the same way. The people make you feel comfortable. I've made a lot of friends. I love everything about it. David took a long road to get here. His broadcasting career began in Libya while he was in the Air Force in late 60s during his time there he worked on Armed Forces radio and TV before volunteering to do some radio play by play for military football teams. Once he was out of the service David continued his broadcasting career announcing Princeton football and basketball games while also doing sales at his radio station. David's break came a few years later when a Princeton grad working at CBS radio recommended him to the broadcasting giant. His distinct voice was eventually heard on CBS NFL Network broadcast wrote and remained for 15 years before he would move on to do jet games. David was two daughters and two grandchildren said his affiliation with the jets found often zone or Wayne Hypinga tended him at first but like most often fans he said the boss warmed up to him. Somehow a ver of question is enthusiasm for his new team although he says he is a dolphin's fan. If the dolphins organization didn't like what I was doing after full season I wouldn't be here as David whose talk show was co-hosted by Steve Goldie Goldstein. It was recently moved back an hour to accommodate a new talk show featuring Scott Ferrell, a fellow vocal resident. This article man is just it's just it's just it's just bringing up stuff I haven't eaten for weeks. Dolphins head coach Dave Wands said called me up after the fins beat the jet slice you're and said I listened to a tape of the game and it sounded like I was in the game. But what does that mean? I have no idea what's hoping you could explain it. What the ownership says and what he said and what the ownership says and what he says means more than the people that have a prejudice against me says mo. Let me read that one again. What the ownership says and what he says means more than the people have a prejudice against me. Can you read the name Aaron? Go, Brawlers. No, no, seriously. Can you read the name on the key shade as H E A. She. Aaron. David's talk show his first in his long broadcast. The career has received up and down ratings. I wanted to do this to extend my options. He said it seems all everybody wants to do on talk radio is insignificant. What what does that mean? Does that mean here? I don't that mean is what do you say what you say is and he says what he says? As is impression of the area sports landscape. He said the fans are different in South Florida. The dolphins are the only game in town. There's 70% of the mooting interest. When the dolphins were the super bowl, I noticed I said when the celebration was last more than a week. David said that all the week initially came to South Florida to do with the talk show and the dolphins job just happened to follow. Played by playwork will always be his number one look. It came here to do the talk show and the dolphins job just kind of like this fellow who is lab for bills and for consumption. Played by playwork from a professional standpoint is far more important to me than the talk show said David who must be seeing the handwriting on a wall whose work with the likes of soccer legend Pele. I've gotten to meet some of the grades. Ali Jordan bird. I've experienced things that he met the bird. How about that? I've experienced things that would have never experienced if I went on this profession. This is the best professional I know of says, Mohour David. Oh, look here for the Mohour man. He's the man of the Mohour man. What are our credit figures there? That's it. Let's have a big round of applause. That was enough for Mohour David. Who's being slid back further and further. Although if for Mel doesn't clean up pretty soon now, Mom might never know. Well, no see for else great, but he isn't the realize where he is. He's starting to learn a little bit slowly. He doesn't understand what there's places all about. You know what I'm saying? Oh, you can unwrap all the slime all the time. Yeah. Anyway, here's the way to pull the going so far. Which of these comments? I mean, which of these statements about Mohour David do you believe most strongly? I've got a tier in my eye after we met article. 109 votes already. He's a total asshole 60. He's alienated just about everyone 41. I wonder if you're a Rosalda, Naheit. You think? Uh-huh. Who's Mohour David at 28? His talk show blows 27. Neil picks on him too much 20. That's a little over 10%. I'm having some second thoughts about all that. He does great play by play 10. He's a great talent. Straight. Oh, that's here. Now that's up to three already. See how that's grown by Leafs and Bound? That's a looting. Like crazy. So I don't like Mr. I just like you were thinking that Bina Bro was going to show up today. Four Hosekins suckle man. See, uh, Bina Bro got out and they pulled the Hosein there. Oh, I think was it was the other way around did you see him in there? No, let's do this to was the wrong guy. You were in a wrong guy damn cell. Oh, he was in they put uh, Bina Bro in with all the rapists and murderers, ass murderers and instead of just putting him with a Mr. Meiner people just as an extra when they found out he worked on his show. They put him in like on death row. Oh, you should have seen other people that that recognized me from the show. Get out of here. So where it's a God. Well, what people just sergeant this and, uh, you know, Detective bat and I was trying to work it for all of the way. Why they were beating the crap out of you? Well, that was a black guy that apparently you pissed off. I think Schwartz is Schwartz is. Schwartz? Yeah. He's slandered you up against them all. Let's just thumbprint on my arm. I'm still trying to get fingerprints off of them. Said you little cracker bastard, this will teach you. He had no cracker. He's a, uh, meaner. And what about the guy that smacked you on the head and knocked your ass out of bed on the floor? I was fun. I was all like wrapped up because of course when you go to jail, you never go dress nice. I was, you know, I'd been at the beach. So I was just thinking these little flip flops and these little beach shorts and a tank top. So the jail was freezing. Well, they could hit a grease in there. And I'm in here with all these murders, you know, suicide attempts and crazy kind of the, right, crazy guys. Look, you're kind of crowned in. Yeah. Well, so I wrapped myself up. I put my arms inside the tank top. I put my shirt over my knee. So I'm all there like all in a bundle. And they're they're calling my name and apparently I had fun. Let's see what I didn't hear it. So they were nice enough to just push me off the, the metal benches. So I woke myself up. I slandered my head against the floor. Hit him the stir for now. For now. Jose can sake or ordered hell without bail. 30 days in jail. How do you like that? Yeah. steroids. Vilation of his probation. Jose's cool as he says. I will say this. The picture and he looked pretty good in that red jumpsuit. Jose looked okay. We, we can't stand you. Shackle that the wrist and ankles can sake of showed little motion during Monday's hearing. Here we go again. Said judge click. Here we go again. His new lawyer is Jane Weinchraub and Richard Rosenbaum said the drug test results are misunderstanding but wouldn't elaborate. Court records do indicate which steroid showed up in Ken Seiko's urine. But the fact that a matter of his cooling his heels and he's got a lovely red jumpsuit on. He never looked better. I don't think. He's what that old A's outfit on. He never looked better. Jose can sake of. You know, and I still wonder. I heard, uh, who was it? Was it more or it was guilty at the last one? wondering about the guy in that asshole from Pennsylvania that's been 25 hundred bucks. I guess it's a good thing he visited the house one and he got his opportunity, right? He had that window of opportunity, right? Between jail terms. I scorn paly 25 hundred bucks to visit this scumbucket. 1057 at 560 WQM if you're in a did and job of 25 hundred bucks is about what you make in a year. Maybe college is to expensive for it just takes too long. If you can afford $10 a month to commit yourself three nights a week for four months. Our friends at fast drink and up he get out of that dead end that can get your life on track and get you a new new high-pane computer career. That's correct. 10 bucks a month and three nights a week for only four months for individuals who qualify. Call fast train toll free at 1 866 fast train with four locations all over town there is bomb to be one convenient nearby you. So call fast train today. There's no obligation. I'll explain it to you how they can change your life for real. Call 1 866 fast train. Talk with the train career counselor. Fast train offers day evening weekend schedules. They've got job placement hands on training. Pick up the instrument right now. Stick your finger in and call fast train. 1 866 fast train. Fast train is deferred payment is valid for a year regular payments apply their after. Go forget whether you're in high school on summer break. Somebody underpaid that end job. If you're like a deadbeat that wants to start turning your life around. We're just looking to increase your net worth. Like beiner boy. Call fast train toll free at 1 866 fast train or check them out on at wicked worldwide web at fastrain.com. Go to find. Yeah. High and low from the house to house and on the left there are two validate. First thing above all those white house buds. If you still need convincing to me, watch all shi eddy for the little son valuation from a fair thing doesn't need rejected. You know it's such a cheap look, you know, proof of all the new cheap, you know, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, but you know, hey, hey, don't abandon No, hey, never had them as easy That's a movie. Love it on one at five, six, do you know what I'm saying? Here's this, a fact, you know, Henry and Miami who used to be, what was the first and he used, was it Charlie or Jimmy? Yeah, you do, because that's our shfarks are called out at Calls of the Day. When I was there, don't you remember he facts one day, oh, and then, fast under another name, the same business later, and then he called in the top of it all often said, that he sent, facts under the both names. He's just out of control as a maniac. Angually yours, he says, don't ever call this show again, okay, because if he knew, will trace the call, and will send Binaiboy to your house to fart all over your face, okay? And believe you me, you don't matter to be downwind of that. Why do you think they call him Binaiboy anyway? Henry, a K.A. Charlie, what do you have your name is? Hey Neil, stop being an asshole. It's obvious that you have a great video showing great shows like yours. Draw on a track big fans that have become addicted to calling, trying to be part of your show. What a, what a crock a crap. A great big fans that become addicted to calling. Now addicted to calling is unacceptable. See, we don't want to talk to the same assholes every day. Great fans are addicted to listening. Right, that's right. Loyal fans, they listen, they fill out their arbitron diaries, they support the show and they support our sponsors. And they, you know, they don't have to call every day me chronic and just be a pain in the ass. It says here, you say it's just a radio show, but the only thing that seems realistic is your frustration. I thought all this time you're attitude to the stick. Man, that sucks dude. Good riddance. Good riddance. Good griminance or something. Yeah, good riddance to you. Henry, whatever your name is, oh, it's only. Yeah, I'll never go away. No, none of them ever go away. Oh, I'm listening to Phil Tapes now. I finally found a life. You remember that one? I didn't think so exaggerated about that. Believe you me. We got people who are this is the last time I'm ever listening to you. I'm, I've got a life now. I've found somebody else to listen to. You know, that's it and the screw you and there's, you know, the next day. There's a lot of things that we're going to fact you. Right. There's a last facts. I'm ever going to say, I promise I cross my heart and hope you die. Oh, by the way, speak of hope you died. Oh, everybody cross dipping. There's a little bit of a prayer. Get out the urethra. Oh, oh, why? Oh, why? Why? I've heard that they're checking it twice to see who's been naughty a nice bottle. How tall are they? They're checking it twice. Anyway, here's the facts from Adrian and I know Georges and Beader boy, both anxiously awaiting the arrival of her pictures. Right. Now, she did send something through the facts that did not come out. It was just a big black blob. Oh. Oh, I can't read from Miami. Right. So I had my dad, Jonesen. It says, let's do shares your taste in movies. Excellent. Thanks for the additions to my must see and must read lists I saw good movie last night I got in my hand right now Way of the gun although George hasn't seen it being a boy hands, right? Right We're two to one at the turn me out of this movie. He watched that old vernier, dating. It was good. I liked it. Yep See when you look at the jacket In the name of the Movie you're almost gonna feel like a western. I don't like western. It's misleading. It's it's like a modern time shoot up a while In fact, even a brand-pin movie that George suck me into watching. That was too much of a western. It was okay. What was the name of that? Legends of the fall with Anthony Hopkinsia It was okay, but if the ones have walked in these last several weeks That was like way down around the floating pool. I just said I liked it better than that other one I mean even tiny darker, which I hated the ending was gross test, but the rest of the movie was then good. It was entertaining That's what thing. That's what thing. That's what thing about way of the gun the ending is is one of the best parts The ending is different, boys bizarre It's really strange. What the hell just happened? Yeah Ryan Philippe who is he's okay in my book all the way could use a shave and maybe a bath, but you know that he was a grungy guy He's with who scumbags him in the Vinicio del Toro and James Khan. You know the only thing I would James Khan I like him a lot He's a great actor, but there are different parts of the movie where he starts he starts doing a Centino routine and he starts talking out of the corner of his mouth You know what I mean like when he says The big you blow the brains all over your life side Makes you when he said that I thought you know that was a great line in the gun fire But doesn't fit right now. It's some of these garments, but you know just out of place When he throws the doctor because the wall It's the yeah, it's a Centino He didn't you notice the way toward the end of the movie. I don't want to give it away The way of the guns could movey For the end of the movie when I have in the big gun fight with there are many in the movie, but they're really big a final Blood right He's standing inside the shutters there and the bullets are just pouring through the ship And he's just very calmly standing off of the side reloading his piece. You know it It's just it's good. It's great. He's good the one thing you know about a broken that old man is that he's a survivor Yeah, and I was saying that line I was like that I love the way was he walked when he walked away and he said the sea. What what is the line? He used to see a Whatever that is to be near so though for the same thing you said to him outside that diner after bottom of coffee Anyway, it's he's the bag man. It's a very good movie way of the gun Ryan Philippe there is one scene and it will run has a shirt off I just mentioned that in passing for Adriana who also says as soon as I'm able to scan my pictures I'll be entering your July couples contest We just recently went to your website for the first time and found that we're at least as hot as the other couples Okay, maybe not Amy and Erin you tell me if there is hot as Amy and Erin We're gonna run a sea those pictures right now. We'll be happy to tell you Jesus keep it up in the show too. Thank you, we honor how do you like that? She likes my taste and movie See there another happy person. We got some happy people. We got some weird time. We got that asshole And we got the Henry who changes his name every five minutes Who wants to call the show every day is making excuses for himself because he has no god damn life I asked him what part of the sentence don't you understand stopping a chronic if he call like once a week once every couple of ways no problem He still has that option because I'm a nice guy and I'm in a good mood. I'm in a great mood I would still give him that option if he wanted to call like once a week Okay, to me that's not a super chronic it's a regular similar different categories There are occasional collars people here from like once every few months sometimes there were a couple of years Then there were regular collars who might call like once every week or two if they have something to say That's about a contribute that might be interesting. I'm using something say that part again And then there are those who are like chronic who just think that every thing like the guy from Dallas Jeremy called me two days in a row and hung up on him right away the hockey guy You know what what more was he gonna say about a pouring thing and nobody I mean it's not pouring to me But everybody also was they don't give a crap about it and then there are cronics that never had anything to say and still Then there are super clinics like Henry aka Jimmy aka whatever other 15 names is using who do use different names Who are on the phone or on a fax machine? They're all of here like crap on a mo, you know, and this guy Oh, he's he's he's beyond that he's redefined the term chronic and And I and we you know and the problem being that we do have to at least I have to admit that I enjoy You're gay, you know that that's a funny that the video the voice mail is pretty good There will be a lawsuit that got yeah, but he just can't control it he can't put a cap on it Although they told me this where I was silly baseball cap on bass backward greasy sweaty greasy sweaty nasty pig is what you are How's that pull coming speaking bad? That'll be picking on boy. I got I'm looking at this 11.3% think I've picked on mo too much You think I might have to rethink my whole concept my relationship And then this he always claimed to victim and that's what kills me is trying to get everybody fired pull off Crap a real cranky can't take risk old man behind the scenes call him up other shows tell people what to say in bitch and people But he always plays in public the role of victim. What was on the victim? We met we we met face to face and he was pleasant Now what did he expect that was gonna say hi how are you an asshole, you know Seriously See from the beginning when mode when all of it washed it because I had met him yet He still thought it was personal because he's such a superstar you can't say but you hear those things he's saying about me It was an outrage It was unacceptable but rats will look at you in the face and behind your back They'll be very animated funny like that. I'm very animated right now. I'm gonna hop it up and actually physically hop it up and down on my chair Probably bigger he means like Mickey Mouse like an animated rat Yeah, well when hell is my when's my check from a Disney coming through for right now Neil the person Which of these statements about how our David? Do you believe the most strong these are pull question today on neo-rogress.com? We still haven't had one person call I will have to do a pull on that let's do tomorrow. What do you say that'll take care of the thorns pull? I want to see Huh, how you can phrase it? I don't know. I've got plenty of time In fact, I think I've already got one. I said aside that it was gonna do about the of the website Because if there not read those bedtime stories if there's like a handful Well, we'd the website is not worth all of that tremendous work on everybody's part and especially with the way Eric just gets abused and be rated For the great job that Bina boys doing makes Eric look really bad 253 votes on the poll which 253 votes this only went up about 1035 So this is some time. I think we're breaking all records today. Look out Which of these statements about how our David you believe most strongly? He's a total asshole 75 He's alienated just about everyone 50 That's almost 20% Fiddy I'm desperately looking for something here. I know I'm not gonna find it Oh, you're wondering what is it not? I didn't my teeth Am I done? I could've looked for hours for that. That would kill some good time. Sure. He's talk show blow is 40 Who's more Howard David in 40? Neil picks on him too much 29 now. That's 11.4% it's not a gigantic number, but still that's a lot I pick on mode too much. He does great play by play 12 and he's a great talent 7. All right, I'd Like that seven now That's 2.7% think that most a great talent But he does great play play play play and I see because you could only vote one I'm sure that there are people who would like to be able to vote more than one See what I'm saying right people might say he has great play by play, but his talk show blows Probably should have put in more than Follow him say right, but I'm not doing it. I mean seven choices enough Otherwise poor Eric will be sitting up there in between breakfast burritos and just bang and out and type in away into their feverishly We don't want him to do all that work Do we? You know we don't just relax Eric okay everybody's on a website Peanutboy is doing a great job on those days when he's not in a slamer Better than Neil Rock Welcome back to the other hey take Neil over there You're more on fucking down the hallway Yes, I'm new look I'm waiting at him but he acts like you don't see me. He knew you it's me You don't know why it's it Demo come out in But you not I approach no one I got not to say to him anyway What else you think he is that white non-swish? I got better things to do I could just for my Feedback here. Oh ages so cool You know make a feel better. Yeah sure you do how really here stepping to my time machine time machine when you get that I got it on eBay Okay, but By the way Hey Wow, I must be in the 1930s or something but a time war like the one book of Brian's look Who I watch way I go and I see here He talks to me like that you know who I am I'm old how in David you can't be a haven't I'm a house there's only one more how in and that's me Tell why I made my bones when you were going do do do do do now Oh, I'm going to think as I got up to take a class out look I'm how and I tell you oh your Mo-how and huh that's right You can Go crazy set up your moron I see here they bring who you calling me bring why I'll have you know I'm a well-respected fourth guest of from the power of the night Oh, is that so yeah, that's right, but the your information. I'm a parkologist says you Come here. I'll show you What are you All right, good as pan What do you want to give me all the time? Oh 11 17 and five 16 W Q. I'm looking at that number. I'm thinking I'm like a better lighten up a little bit You know, yeah, you'll take some you get much 31 10.7 percent and that's not good not good Even a people that don't like him probably let him think I should like just forget about him now that we have that to our window of opportunity Don't you think I'd have forget about no put him out of my mind? Oh Although we are getting your resounding response and I'll tell you that five six seven Oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT and T and Verizon wireless line Here's a call from Tamara. Hello Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. When is this? I'm Mexican for a poll yeah a future one But can I say some difference in begin with about your biography of more Howard David that you read on there? I didn't mind any of it but for him to call you What do you call it? Mr. and for tender You know what I gave that man every up to in the world to be you know for me to consider him decent He's in decent Be out of buy out of stupid ass contract And so let me correct Not no It be in terms of being here just calm down you get a little bit worked up now you're gonna have like a stroke or something just calm down You know you're right, but I'm just saying the bean counters Would it agree to that evaluation the venerado will help add off I get your back to the pool that you were gonna give me always in the market for a good poll Okay, what is what is your favorite euphemism for somebody of his panic extraction Can I just get my Taco vendor Taco vendors not bad God in your club eating spick yeah, okay. Well, it's never great day Pad you just a little incoherent 567. Oh 560 probably got the screw at the line of Taco Bell would be the first one probably ordered breeder supreme And they'll be in and got back six hard shell tacos. You know what beans? With that yeah, would beans. Oh, I hate oh No beans and my Taco Bell. I love Taco Bell right as a matter of fact There's they're all with place here and they had Pepsi and they have Pepsi not cooked which we say Yeah, cuz everybody with any taste likes Pepsi a lot more than coke. Absolutely. What about Dr. Pecker? You don't like Dr. Pecker. What about you Boner boy? First why should I ask you you have bad taste? You don't like it. He only likes regular coke. Oh, that's what he likes regular coke like go ahead should taste man. It's bad You know, I really like the best if I in other words if there was one beverage Non alcohol because of being diabetic or can't drink booze anyway, but one beverage that I could drink the rest of my life I never have anything else Snapple crannaple died crannaple snapple. I don't think of how to you never had that the snack apple Snapple die crannaple I Just mention it cuz they had to yesterday my supermarket and I'm just stocked up a whole bunch three It's well, how many do you think I can you schlep in here? You're not there to me. I don't think so Like we those little wire cart to the wheels there. So many people here have that sure Slappers have that they schlep their stuff back and we're quite frankly since it's only me I don't really need to consume all of that much in one day. Maybe a wheel barrel That's not a bad idea or I could call up and have it all delivered You know, that's something I should start thinking about publics and you have that up there right something they do have it They did it's a different name, but are you gonna do a good grocery delivery online in Canada? Or in Toronto whatever and they'll be knocking right on my door. It's a great need ever know I never know who my favorite grocery is. It's true Anyway, speak out of that. It's final says the Sun Sentinel Joe Stone crab guilty of discrimination for having male waiters. Oh To receive a Manila gut a phone call Monday morning meaning yesterday We want it's finally over she said incredulously upon learning the US Supreme Court Wade in on landmark Miami Beach eateries 11 years sexual discrimination battle but government workplace regulators The nation's highest court declined to hear the appeal of Joe Stone crab ink against the federal equal employment opportunity commission Which alleged rampant discrimination against women such as roman L on the restaurants tradition of hiring male only servers Obviously it's a major to support and I'll upset over it said Steven Salitz chief operating officer member of the fourth generation of legendary restaurant We knew we knew we've never discriminated the family members behind Joe's were so insistent that they never discriminated More so to turn to third the name they spent more than a million dollars in legal fees nearly ten times Original fine By not granting a petition to hear the case the US Supreme Court lets stand lower court rulings against Joe's Which means that two of the women it took their complaints to the EEOC in the early 90s Finally we get a quarter to ward that was upheld early Depending the likely appeal process Roman eligible share over 140 grand along with Katherine strafford according to the EEOC the EEOC There you go, we're happy about that because they don't like Joe Stone crabs in a show at all I hate now we know that mad dog likes Joe Stone crabs He probably eats there for free the Humperon lives Joe Stone crab because they smooth with him and Schmerer each other and you know Which is that's fine there a title? I mean heck you know he's into the Rascal house He's into the forge I think and he's also into a Joe Stone crab to which is home You know we all acquire our gigantic girth by eating in the I don't we like just wait goes I try to tell anybody else what to eat but we do dislike Joe's intensely because it's a it's a mine thing to stay to mind Just like all the other ones I just mentioned states of mind don't like that kind of crap Go like plastic places where after Schmerer the may-tune to get a table where if they know you they sit you up Friday Or if they don't know you they see a way in a back room like it at that awful place the forge and the food is merely adequate Yeah, not that's right the food at the forge I wouldn't have fed my dogs even now that both dogs are like sodas that wouldn't feed them now that that's how bad it was At the freaking forge although of course there's a lot of 20 stuff going on up in the front room Five five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT and T line got the marlin game that I baby They're only one game under five hundred for route once they go. I said about that. I'm gonna do it no no Why should I carry nobody else does Let's see we got the mad dog at two Hank Goldberg at four the Humper from four to six thirty five two hours and thirty five minutes A heavy duty work today, Humper Start to an push-ups right now Marlin's on deck sur 35 the seven ten and Marlin's at the mess See the marlin's got really lucky at this juncture Because now that they got hot the schedule they playing all the seller growers a lot of games against the metzone a Tampa Bay devil raise the devil dogs Which you never know Marlin's at the met seven ten and I any came follows the baseball game in July Mark or when I two to five and I am and They would very much like their five to six hour back which is what you'll cost them a re-adradement when I was there They'll they want my five to six hour back Also, it was tell me that he and mode don't have any crossover six a five a.m. What's you by that shocking They used to be so tight. They used to be so close Joe's bitter because most deals his material their material every morning. Yeah Oh, is what I'll come in ever told us that before He didn't No, I thought I mean you never did sure I did Well, do you have it reminded me often enough lately? Hey Joe is bitter because whatever they talk about most coming on a way and he steals their material It's a yeah, except he makes it very un-fun All the crap you could unwrap all the slime all the time five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line here's Fort Lauderdale hello What is the row replacing? Mo Well asking tomorrow morning Mo must go okay, Mo must go. That's the new chance. Oh, must go. Oh, oh That's good. I like it. Let's everybody get outside. You know like what do we want when do we want it? Yeah, crap all the all-day protesters always chant the same crap, but Mo must go is good nice rain to it Don't say And don't we agree with the basic premise? Absolutely We didn't go there. I've heard you're pardon go where back to Boca stay there To leave me all clear signs how much the coast is clear clear and he can come out what part of Boca is that? Is matter fact. I think you ought to be under house arrest in Boca For women at Ben here piece Oh, I think it's right off your mama road isn't it? That's what I heard he's not a I guarantee he wouldn't be too pleased to see that and that's so and I'm sure he's got Copy to that slave just post that this plastic all over the walls of his home up there off your mama road It's the new wallpaper in the bathroom. Hey, Mo how's your mama? 26 past 11 at 560 WQ and speak it off mo what a great segue. I got to think about two people Bob Eisenberg on a one-hand Mohour David on the other hand. It's like I'll be for an afterpicture On a one-side you got a guy who used to look when we first came to QA and Bob Eisenberg so bro-task He makes mo look like a fashion plate. He makes mo look like Tom Brady That's how bad Bob Eisenberg looked he was a was a laughing stock here like a like an orange dead animal on his head Then he finally heard me talking about Chuck Alfie or we embarrassed him into going over there Yesterday morning was he yesterday? Yes, it was Uncoliced before the show he's in the studio down there and he's going on and almost to the point of TV and quite frankly about Charles Alfie or he's the best and he owes him that he looks almost human now and and he's right On the other hand you got mo how we David it Who's got a big empty ball spot on top and he goes on he steals dead farmer or Barnard animals and just Just splat him on top of his head and that's his idea of a hairpiece So the choice is yours you can look like Bob Eisenberg and probably a lot better or like more how are David All by can't imagine any worse the choice is yours if you want to really look great all you guys out there with that growing ball spot Chuck Alfie or he just like Bob Eisenberg said is where you want to go and right now Charlie's offering a summer special hair system For only 549 bucks for first-time customers if you already have a hair system We even say 50% in service and repair all types of air systems including shampoo and trim It's your opportunity to give Charlie a try and unbeatable price You got nothing lose but that glowing ugly balls butt and that barnyard animal Charles Alfie or his guaranteed you was this trial one of his hair systems for 30 days if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells If you're not getting ahead at least 10 15 20 times that they may be even Bob Then he'll give you a full refund no questions asked because it looks like the real thing like they Has grown out of your scalp. That's why the natural hair line system is the best in the business is the benchmark of the industry So don't delay call Charlie today and change your life forever look better when younger than you ever dreamed You could again 1 800 321 24 13 be sure and Tom Old Neil told you to call 1 800 321 24 13 or Check him out on a website chow's out fury dot com A Kind. Yeah Dude another thing missy Linth I'm thinking about this weekend that being a boy spent the in jail and getting out of jail and all the years life falling apart and we didn't change the bedtime stories on it I mean he didn't change the all-beacon law and we still had a rousing response on a website yeah so maybe they don't care about that because they're certainly not calling to tell us one way the other to them saying they'll do not maybe the people we'd care about reading such saying oh and also move on dot org I was getting very impatient because I thought a ten o'clock this morning I could vote in the make believe democratic primary and uh... they're supposed to email you once you once you register so i got on here and i clicked the thing i was just hold your horses okay we haven't uh... he sent you email you will get around you as basically what they say so now i look on there on their website and it says you have to live fifty nine of our night Wednesday eleven fifty nine so you'll get your email back when they're going ready because they've got evidently hundreds of thousands maybe millions of people that are going to be voting in this mock democratic primary on voting for bob Graham i say very proudly florida zone with a bd as an all how do you like that anything that makes me think of that gun story where wnws i put it at too many times but i interviewed him with kiss and right across the table i had that briefcase with two guns in it that was back right after the marial boat lift and you're wish to talk me to get in a little protection there at that time and a security the you know security plurcane in the building before the governor and they walked from one room to the other came in a studio smile looked around you know and i'm sitting across the governor i got to loaded guns in my briefcase yeah and that little scary thought it was the florida governor right the only thing i think he pissed me off about was just thing with casino gambling but then again he was the governor florida with respect hundred and one people in the audience and i pull a more hard day with an asshole that's bad i want you to repeat after me okay said he's an asshole more hard day with a reason asshole more hard day with a reason asshole no hard day with an asshole absolute okay or mama's going go outside and start chaining now mama's go mama's going the pounding on the counter you got to counter outside get one he's a total asshole hundred and one he's alienated just about every one sixty six he's talked show blows sixty what a guilty go to that who's what's about who's more hard day with a fifty nine meal picks on him too much thirty five that's ten percent a nice even ten percent he does great play by play sixteen and he's a great talent 12 all right that's moving up their mo i told you just be patient once they let all injury accurate people are getting over there and use the computer or at a type of informed is that how works don't forget he's an asshole five six seven oh five sixty are pull question on the uh... phone is what about our website the bedtime stories anybody read him no don't look like it there a lot of expanded effort there and maybe for not much of a return will find out what all is that say higher leo what does that mean here's higher leo hello can we talk about your four oh that's the same asshole from yesterday how about your pocket pool which is what you're sound like you're playing right now asshole that's the same guy a retired and what's the other one let's hit him out and he's also the whispering guy no that's a different guy what we can talk about is you at the bottom of my pool okay is what we ought to talk about i paid a nice and full right now will be a real good time you with the bottom of the pool sounds excellent to me five six seven oh five sixty and again stop and think about this everybody who's listening to the side of my voice right now i keep reminding you of this because it it's hysterical stop and think about this crowd they're there every single minute of every day including when George is on including when bina bora's playing comedy bits or whatever he's doing picking his nose they're every minute of every day they wouldn't miss it for all money in the world for the love or money no they would explode but it's the soft lord and i'm saying it's an exclusive the soft lord but we sure have a disproportionate amount of soft lord this has to be the capital it's the capital of that asshole right there so maybe we could put like a whole bunch of mint about my pool it's pretty big it's got room for a whole bunch of those guys let's take a pool about your pool as to how many will fit five six seven but third man oh five six leave the home five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line we're expecting something a little bit better today sir couldn't get it up here's marathon hello i knew yes sir i uh... did it join your show i believe it the morning program for quite a while now is there any chance we can be photo come back no it was you know he's on uh... i don't even know what the frequencies on jna or jna i don't know what the number is he fifty mobile must go mobile must go to just shout out your window man just like a network rolled out of window in yellow mobile must go as long as you can five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT that's probably a most shovel board partner keeps calling all pissed off every day think what do you laugh in about the full board and now what was the message you take their atmosphere about the higher police effing what was that i don't uh... i'm talking about being a boy he the the last the the pool guy the chronic something from within me came out when the guy's a was from higher lea i started getting flashbacks about all the highly a police and how well that was treated all by his not from highly anyway that was just a try to throw you off the sand he's got the road is a pocket pool right now he's got a sandout was knee searching for it here's my any hello my any hello yes sir not on ninety five around i was looking for a little off sir turn radio down yeah uh... uh... hey i know it's on ninety time over i just wanted to get a request on sipping play maybe a hundred years gone by okay sounds excellent to me i haven't heard it a long time post some fantastic time okay in a few minutes you have a patley i think a lot drive safe there's a she doesn't have a good guy he's in a good mood he's driving of course he's going north on ninety five so he ought to be a good mood he just keeps on going good request about a hundred years long right that's the kind of we like kills and good times the summer time with a new no cashley this uh... yeah whatever painless not huh sort of sort of kind of i mean uh... it's disappointing to me that we can't get one god damn call about the new the bed times the reason our website just one i we realize that it's it would set up precedent that somebody would actually be spawned something that i asked our set on the year because we just don't play that game itself lord you know we got our own agenda but it would be a nice with all the effort that bina boulders and of course us being a friday i mean next time he gets busted in his slime rules it but we won't care because we won't need him for the bed times thursday right right which is an abterec no another won't be any is what i am missing a point it will be any if they don't care about them that have to be not a senate airic i still have my stats page of the fact that he's up there shoveling guy damn taco billed on his post right now in fact maybe he's got to go to take his lovely wife and go to tibis but michael Jackson and i'm maybe i'm a little presumptuous here let me check my uh... stats one more time here i might not same crap six p.m. last night i understand it's not his fault nothing is ever his fault the whole world is out of step in airic is just uh... he's uh... you know doing the best he can under very difficult circumstances so let's see we're gonna play a hundred years run by how many times are gonna play but thirty man that you take his right up till two o'clock a long long time ago he was nineteen hundred and chess he helms was just a lad of nine and no one knew what was in store just ended the Spanish American War so they potted like it was eighteen ninety nine the war events that made you shiver but there were times we did the liver a promise that was kept with that famous one small step i can't remember each event or everything that man did invent a century we will present this is how it went my my how the time it did fly since it started some deported many tears we did cry for the centuries time that we say goodbye it all happened in the blink of a night a hundred years have gone by it all started when two guys were right when they potted their plane into flight and the start of radio signified had his mother's thing and once and theory and next flight and the Titanic that story we all know thank you well world war one it soon began with shooting arched two Francis Bird and man millions died from the flu and plastic it was brand new and then Russia had its revolution and Panama connected both of the oceans the novelies we won't see again a hundred years gone by and we were singing in my my how the time it did fly since it started some deported many tears we did cry for the centuries time that we say goodbye it all happened in the blink of a night a hundred years have gone by out with had his relative a teen named that's breakfast and new model of tea and the bird landed in a pair of some old beet bred game and a silver wall street and the great depression and women would vote to like you and me and Germany's chancellor was sworn in and world war two which soon began made you a replum for land the project in 2010 evolution trial in Tennessee we caught a first look at TV then the days and they've seen him for me a hunt three years gone by and we were singing in my how the time it did fly since it started some deported many tears we did cry for the centuries time that we say goodbye it all happened in the blink of a night a hundred years have gone by frankly in Winston they were soon be winnin starting with the fee-day invasion but at what in the hauling cost in Russia no one did the frost in Germany they find these laws discovered the horrors of the Holocaust fat man little boy and all the gates came to a world on that very day made out had just begun in China moved five nights a time the first player in baseball that was black is real got their homeland back Massachusetts elected jackson previous god by and we were singing in my how the time it did fly since it started some deported many tears we did cry for the centuries time that we say goodbye it all happened in the blink of a night a hundred years have gone by separately pretty will make such a fuss closer to time when on the bus holy oak your with the vaccines think about shot sked us big time with spotning our troops into Korea quick discovered the double he likes to ski oh jfk left us way too soon but promised you get us all to the moon you're east first and space yeah the pill we fitted brace and the rancher said the climb into the night cubus miss those gave us quite a fright south east Asia is on new flight a hundred years gone by and we were singing in my how they used to fly since it started something bottomed it's easy to cry for the century it's time that we say goodbye it all happened in the blink of a night a hundred years have gone by kneels giant step was the big news rovers way gave women right to choose and reciting resigns about what got the troops out of Vietnam had hostage taken by i ran and a virus made us too scared to go to a test to babies help a lot some guy named bill started microsoft churno ball explosion the Berlin wall gets broken the u.s.s are sasked by some students in china they did try seven died in the Florida sky a hundred years gone by and they were singing my how they time it did fly since it started some deported many tears we did cry for the century it's time that we said goodbye it all happened in the blink of a night a hundred years have gone by we were singing my how they time it did fly since it started some deported many tears we did cry for the century it's time that we say goodbye because a hundred years have gone by absolutely thanks for requesting that it's a good bit and it takes a long time and it also gets a chance to read this thing you just asked me about uh... what's by his been he yeah you didn't read it no am i interrupting something there's something going on there i should have said that there's somebody standing there with an oozy put it at being a boys head is no yanking off his wiggin a hallway and storming up and down like a patent patent child i read it what i could there's a line through it i can uh... i can i can read it you said you know that which is a second january you better get your eyes taken this or i think you're cocky or something maybe your machine fixed it for could be i got a better one new god and the machine too what spies beneath a vulnerable interest in this press this is forgetting such a rousing response on our website have you checked your pc for spyware lately national security could be a stake your privacy to rights christ tailor in uh... time magazine absolutely absolutely absolutely and gator is one of the main culprits they were getting sued by everybody okay i read this first before you a racculate chances are you haven't read the bush of administrations national national strategy to secure cyber space since it weighs a half the sixty five pages who can blame you still a surprising amount of the draft report is aimed at home computer owners here's the gist i can't say that only for all can say that here's the gist the more dependable become on the internet the more damage could be done by taking down large portions of it and it doesn't take a criminal genius to realize that pc users with their increasingly high-speed communications or connections and low-grade security setups are the easiest on ramp for any kind of attack though the report doesn't tap terror groups by name the implication is clear if you don't practice good pc hygiene now alkita or some organization like it could one day hijack your hard drive this is not just home i'm security high in two thousand one viruses and other um... militia's code caused twelve billion dollars worth of damage to the west of economy with this uh... aid of uh... you're right i can't read the aid of uh... i was expecting users how to stop that from happening most of the suggestions and the cyber security report are pretty familiar don't open strange email attachments do install a fire wall choose passwords that are easy to crack like shmuggie but here's one important security measure to report failed to mention check your hired hard drive for a spyware spyware of any kind of program installed in your computer without your consent together information about you or your organization a typical piece of spyware or watch over your shoulder while you browse the web record your mouse clicks and broadcast all that information back to other computer ostensibly for marketing purposes it's part of a class of increasingly super-stitious software that includes out and that's super-stitious and psoreptitious well-sainthing psoreptitious software that includes and where which serves up commercials needed an answer as if pop of ads were to enough steelware which leads to sales commissions away from small websites and affiliate programs and scumware which offers the origin of links on a web page so that for example and innocent news headlines will direct you to a porn site how does this stuff get out of your machine most often hides behind other software as you download it if you're a heavy user of postman's to file certain programs like Morpheus or kaza both known distributors of spyware you're probably already infected here that peanutball you're probably infected no I know I could go to different people computers and clean those things out you're probably infected and course I was worried about me I think you need to be in quarantine sometimes spyware masquerades is cookies there's little files websites leave on your computers you don't have to type your name and password every time you visit once on your pc spyware can sequester itself deep inside your operating system what are called registry files and type our software won't spot it because it looks like something you chose to install luckily it's easy to check your computer for spyware if you want to win those machine just go to law live a soft USA dot com and download a few told he called add aware oh didn't you have me do that yep sucks well actually that's this this is what I was trying to say to you that this is more with it's used for the new other thing it's more used for spyware than pop of ads well I'm I'm gonna click on that thing uh any minute now I'm gonna over and click it install uh add aware just go to law vsoffio say dot com install a hit the scan button and be prepared for a shock mac owners can try spring cleaning which is fifty dollars from laden systems i consider my pc he says to be pretty well protected virus free and firewall yet the first time i ran add aware it's been 15 minutes turning up and moving a dozen as you the little programs with names like zupiter tool bar gator tickler trickler and bargains uh etc when i ran it again a few weeks later five more pieces of spyware showed up spychecker dot com on zahandy database to list more than a thousand of these programs and tells you what each one does spyware info dot com and counter us uh exploitation are also hot on the spyware trail but this kind of malicious code is proliferating faster than it can be catalog so there's often no telling how particular program is being used what kind of sensitive information is broadcast here what other programs it might have secretly installed in your machine if dot com's can slip this stuff past our defenses just imagine what a terrorist could do none of this stuff is good for you or privacy clean it out and you'll instantly feel more secure you might even feel a little patriotic how do you like that huh when it doubt clean it out now how come like i'm a computer uh back home down there yeah the last couple of months that thing pops up these i mean just ziggins of them just one after the other and they look like you know they they they they this big square things they look like official like a like a Microsoft kind of a thing sure and if you want to eliminate these uh you know click here because uh you got only knows how to put there huh don't click there no i never do don't trick you what do you mean by that we'll tell you to click here don't make it look like that's the way you close it and instead it'll it'll install it right and then what and then it and then your life is over exactly like on the x always oh i always do yeah but but i mean just here i don't get any of those why's that i get a zinnin pop up ads i don't know Canadian must be Canadian maybe they haven't got to us yet don't get there oh they're they're on their way right across the board you can smell them they have days so evidently it's a good idea to stay off your computer being a boy this state of hell often fact probably throw it in the bottom of the pool oh my god and look oh this is for triumphant there's Howard David when i take my fell bean i listen to it in real rages 12th of one hour not George because he's stupid oh i do you the crime so i don't do the time you put me in a cell then you can go to hell i'll make the best of my time in my young suit and she had a girl fed him a walk through i'm a one at five sixty wdqm happy Tuesday today from all your pyzons at qa m where especially is all the crap you could unwrap all the slime all the time thanks mo here's a fact that says the pictures on your website are too much you can usually tell which who the bottom is with gate couples but i think the beast in fairness are versatile they do the old flip flop i don't think so if you take a close look at parents is posted don't have to be that close either anyways it was great here last week ripping people it says they were actually around you now either what is this the chronic fracture call about how angry get to her color oh this must be some chronic huh oh you'll be says you'll receive i'm already passed that i'm moving on here to the rest of this fact it says now i listen i have to kind of agree with the chronic fact to call about how angry get to her colors of fact who's who like he said are just fans why to be part of the show now the asshole colors cracks in hate facts use a different from us fans we love you so think about it kneel but this is the same asshole okay same asshole sign porcelain biday where probably spends a lot of this time what the kind is there now what is this thing here stopzilla the ultimate pop-up kill it says try it for free it looks like uh who's handwriting is that look like rich factor somebody girl it's not all it's cracked up to be but i thought i would uh forward it is not all it's cracked up to me and let me like addware something like that pop up as there are a lot harder to kill and spy aware because pop up as it can be can be inserted into the websites that you're opening so i mean there's i'm clicking my addware right now okay mister there you go scan now i'm just clicked it okay and let's see what kind of crash comes up with come spewing out of my damn pewter okay oh my god loaded with crap absolutely okay i'll just set this aside okay how much how much am i gonna patch you around with this computer but the one down here now have you also got the ones that i'm talking about the big uh the big messages that are like zillions of them an unstuck uh not lately really i'm not going to the same places you know i'm going to be the out of these you just leave for example if i just leave the computer sitting there on on my web page if you go away for a couple of hours and come back in to be like a dozen of them no no no yes xp has a way of i'll find out how it is for you but xp has a way of minimizing that zay have been zay have been zay have been zay have been zay have been zay have been hey v on scanning but it's stopped there it's examining the files and it's stopped it must have found something really mysterious and nasty in it look at that on addware you've got addware in years uh it's in the one down there i do believe oh did i put it in there one we got to do computer and i don't think so don't think okay let's see is it finished it's finished it doesn't usually tell you what it's found huh Carlos beiner boy doesn't usually tell you we found this and we found that it's just uh i don't know yeah yeah usually does it usually says it found gator gator software corporation things like that now i scanned it and went through and uh oh wait i'm in my spot i mean i did it it's okay whatever was in here it's all gone nice and clean it says this clean is uh the v says which ain't sand too much five six seven oh five six the pound five six the only AT&T and red how do we get the computer intensive here all of a sudden that article here's my me beach hello Neil yes sir how are you great here let me answer a question about the radio station uh about what radio station is that five sixty wqa m you got it you're sleaze in the squeeze station you got it okay listen i guess is when they brought uh scoffer Allen i guess the whole idea was the bring them in get my little uh time slot two hours waiting for uh more hour david's uh show which hasn't got you got twenty two months left to go on his contract yeah and then i guess that renewal and then give the the the four hour show to scoffer Allen is that the whole idea yeah if they can't get them allow first that would be what i would assume yeah okay i just want to know yeah i just think and one or two things will happen either mo will like if you well one of several things bobble expire uh he'll finally just get up and walk out better uh huh more like fire or uh or for about the you know getting so much trouble that they'll have to fire his ass i mean you know any of those things are possible so we have kind of like a a mix and match slighted in pull it out kind of a morning show i got you can't have a shameless request i'll think about it um that dolphin fight song and honor the upcoming football season you know the boof the buffalo bill song no no no the one is not in the dolphin fight song uh it dolphins a sucks song yeah okay man you got it thank you see him he's got it he's trying to get rid of a beast got it dolphins fight song by kj that's a winner we like that a lot a lot especially those of us who despise the dolphins like poison they don't take it personal brand greasy okay it's not personal here's a lady in high earlier hello a new yes ma'am hi how are you come with happy i'm fine uh new i just wanted to because i was listening and uh this weird fool guy called he's not from high earlier y'all see sort of the high earlier yeah and i'd like to see if you could let me something to my husband because i know he's listening okay and he really pissed me off yes so can i please tell him some inspiration okay and i was going to be a gross i can't put it on me oh it's not it's not going to be gross i'm going to be okay really make out with the pork and the exact same level they are apparently hello what i hear okay really thank you very old okay so that i ask how's the kj is made it's okay see what she says something about sticks and peri after you're in he broke a bottle of peri over her head and she's real sore about it i'll be damned five six seven oh five those people are highly a man they sure got some issues you know look how clean and beautiful my computer is now that i ran that add-aware how do boy quick question have you been updating your add-aware meaning what no i have not have never changed anything because there there is an option on add-aware to it'll to update the database so it no i know that so i should do that yeah you should definitely do that so that way i still want to go about all those things popping up like my computer and plantation what tell those you tell me you don't get those no i mean like an epidemic of those damn things it's like a threat you know if you don't install this you're never going to get rid of these things and if you you know don't pay us five thousand dollars you'll never get these things to go away and they just like like a wild bunch of crap and they all basically say pretty much the same thing if you want to get rid of these messages click okay you know oh yeah right so then you do that and they sent you on a wild goose chase all over the place which of these statements about Mohour David did you believe most wrong we were asking 452 votes it's only noon we have 452 votes vulnerable i he's a total asshole 138 who's Mohour David is moving in the second place 84 even in spite of my reading that very very outstanding brilliantly written article in the book a daily news press times free press who's Mohour David 84 he's alienated just about everyone 83 his top show blows 75 Neil ticks on him to much 38 that's down to 8.4% I feel better but you feel a little bit less guilty no he does great play by play 21 and he's a great talent 13 so if you had those last two together you got like 7.4% not too strong mo not too strong no here's a call from hemberg pines hello hello yes I am yes hi how are you doing great how are you peachy those those messages that you get on your computer yeah i i used to get them all the time myself and i contact with Microsoft and there's a way to turn those off yeah he on your computer loved one when does that speak yeah okay you basically go to run on your computer from the start you go to run and then you type in services dot MCF yeah and that'll bring up a menu and list all kinds of services that are run on your computer you go to messenger services and double click on that yeah and then that'll bring up some tabs and one of the tabs is the start the feature you disable that and there's a button under that that's a change to stop and then you go to the hospital to take care of that okay and then when you do that then you hit apply and close it and I'll never show up again it's a beautiful thing i appreciate it very much you have no idea how long as you do have an idea how no no yeah it is in a okay that's a lot pal thanks guys are good news get rid of it when it's out get it out there i mean you know we finally get something great we have our PCs our own is a little computer we're in touch with the entire universe but no they still can't leave us alone it's not bad that they're bringing our phone off the hook like two o'clock in the morning five in the afternoon Sunday Saturday rush of shana uh Easter Sunday every guy damn day they're soliciting us they're plugging a crap out of us in the privacy of our home that's not bad enough but now on your pc 85 trillion messages and of course when you go to certain websites like certain of the newspaper websites which i have to do every day when you go to certain ones that they like the Washington Post is a bad one in fact even before the Washington Post pops up first there's a thing on there uh you have to eliminate it you have to like get out of it otherwise you have to watch an ad before you go to the newspaper there from page what kind of crap is that some of the calm LA times both of those do the same crap and there's some of them that if you click on on their website they're like 75 different ads pop up that you have to get rid of before you see the uh you know two sentences of information hopefully that you were looking for 11 minutes past noon at five sixty wqm i want to tell you that barbecue's galore carries the biggest range of web of girls necessaries in the universe a great place firstly during these hot selfies sweaty summer days starting with the web of smokey geoportable charcoal grill it's priced under 28 bucks the perfect grill for any July 4th picnic or any picnic anytime and nobody can be barbecues galores incredible selection of top quality grill they carry a full on a grill a lot of them by the way you won't find any place else including web or viking janir brel made lots of exclusive grill like the turbo barbecue chef cook on a captain cook all at the guaranteed lowest prices anywhere right now barbecues the lower take advantage of no payment same as cash financing until january 2004 on a proof credit this way take on the amazing three burner cook on grill a barbecue's galore exclusive this one comes with a hosted great features normally only found a more expensive grill like 42,000 powerful BTUs porcelain coated cast iron burners and cooking grills and in janir a 625 square inch cooking area it's huge you won't find another gear like it for the price now just 349 bucks you know only find it at barbecue's galore again perfect for a July 4 cookout and don't forget barbecue's galores America's best barbecue's stir with source and plantation and university drive and a fountain shopping center call 9 5 4 4 2 3 4 10 and curl springs on a corner sample in rock island roads call them there at 9 5 4 7 5 7 6 6 6 8 everything you need for barbecuing all the top brands unbeatable prices waiting for you at barbecues galores oh Miami has the dolphins there the worst football team they love the ball from goal goal like no one's ever seen they're on the ground that's where they'll stay they're never in control no and when you say Miami you're talking toilet holders there the Miami dog oh Miami dolphins Miami dolphins number how many teams in the league 32 Miami dolphins Miami dolphins don't bet on them you'll always lose they don't know how to tackle they don't know how to block their coaches on a tell them to put them day in their jock then they would run much faster and even in defeat when we go to the stadium we'll see my amy heat and there the Miami dolphin Miami dolphins Miami dolphins number how many teams in the league 32 Miami dolphins Miami dolphins that seem that hasn't got a clue Miami has the dolphins but the dolphins have no fans just 50,000 assholes sitting in the stands they watch the game and all they do is mowing right then bitch I wonder how joe Robbie got to be so goddamn rich and there the Miami dolphins Miami dolphins number how many teams in the league 32 Miami dolphins I hear the crowd begin to boo the dolphins have great people that quarter facet you run down the field and he will go up and over you oh I'll never win a super ball you shouldn't be surprised when he gets cut that doesn't mean that he was circumcised and there the Miami dolphins Miami dolphins Miami dolphins number how many teams in the league 32 Miami dolphins Miami dolphins jacals his signals and he brews the dolphins have no defense and their offenses at joe like George Bush eating pretzels you know they're gonna choke they'll always just a point you win there in a playoff race with fewer points than park marks on high singers ugly face and there the Miami dolphins Miami dolphins Miami dolphins number oh what the hell 32 Miami dolphins Miami dolphins Miami dolphins now there's food you're gonna just as I said that the little hand will another notch but this stuff you're sending me now is could just blow the lid right off of somebody yeah and I'm gonna save this for rainy day you know what I mean oh you gotta take it a little some I will teach it'll see you're just wound up you're gonna give me a chance to say what it is oh you're out of control you see like bouncing off the ceiling there or what oh what is this what's this something oh yeah originally yesterday which I apologize so that Saturday which of course was the day for the NHL draft Saturday morning Roger Nielsen died after long battle with cancer he was the panthers first coach and a good guy everybody like Roger little bizarre but then out we all but anyway he was the love by everybody in hockey daddy was 69 long battle with cancer and he finally got a certain kind of cast a paw over the proceedings on Saturday so anyway this thing that I've been let's see can you please repeat there yeah right please repeat the instructions give it to be moved pop ups when you have windows in your piece we will be listening listen to me vina boy needs to put this on our website on our webpage the instructions the weapons of destruction it shall be done yeah seriously so then we can go step by step because of what yeah I meet Mike Facts as me and he says the reason you get all those pop ups is you're because your Microsoft messenger program is on at the start up stop using that program get someone knows a lot about computers tell you how to disable that and you start up and isn't that what the other guy was saying what pretty much a thing yeah so put the instructions on our webpage when you get around to it like definitely with the next couple of hours or else and then we won't have to get these fact because because I mean those of us who are getting those things I don't get him here but boy down at home it is just one after another after another and you just get in turn to click it on the am it's not a lot of work but Christel mighty what is it stop huh and the nature of the messages like wow you know unless you are press okay here you're gonna get the these for next 50 years you know like a threat now here this other page that you've asked is from the Palm Beach County a praiser and it's on a house when you try to calm yourself down just a little bit do anything they have you're not you're bursting you're bursting at the seams I can smell it okay and you want to know why you're stupid yeah it's a what would you call this a building permit or something no no no it's not a building permit it's like the history of a because it was not it was built in 1990 that how it but it's got a list of the look at how much this guy paid for this house wow whoa and look at the assessed value is a lot less than what he paid for it anyway the name on the owner information is Howard David and an address in Boka I have the address right here and it's got how much it sold for August of 2001 which is I guess when he bought the house and then December of 92 and so I'm saving this page for rainy day I thought what I'm saying yeah I'm not giving this information on the every because knew that would that would be bad was it and get on a very wrong psychotic and we don't want to be doing that okay stop I know it would be bad absolutely anyway our poll question today on your rages dot come which we'll have that information for it trust me and by the way and I's going Eric got that things to read out my stats page thank you Eric you know he had so a few problems before Binerborg came along and basically that's because he paid no attention to our website except for the poll but anyway now that we're trying to make like a good website now he's got all of his burden of all of this other stuff and my bugging him about the stats page I'm a sticker for that stuff you know what I mean I'm a student 577 votes already aren't you impressed water? I'm believably impressed no you're not you're just happy to be on the outside true which in these statements about how our dividend you believe most strongly 507 he's a total asshole 154 over 30% take most an asshole that's that's nasty although I did vote for that he's alienated just about everyone 94 who's more how our dividend 90 his talk show blows 87 Neil picks on him to 44 that's 8.6% he does great play play 23.4.5% he's a great talent 16 one 3.1% great talent how do you like that and he lives at um Boko now where am I going to put this so I don't lose this I'll put it over here with my really special stuff so I'll keep my mouth at the side oh yeah with my safe forever stuff safe for a rainy day safe for a really auspicious moment and the most interesting part of it is it's a townhouse slash villa not a house it's a townhouse slash villa well what does he need for him and his wife and his door don't need a big house right got a shewitty paid for it though 567 0560 you know that call online nine this is for lottery of you know it's uh here's for lottery of hello hello Neil yes sir is the hot couples contest over the the last one is over the new one is a starting like as of now you mean number three is over right okay because I was noticing that it disappeared from your webpage when you click on it yeah and then you guess they morning it's in a clock okay and I assume that the gorgeous Liz one right I'm gonna start with your eye new franken Liz one by a landslide as soon as I saw that picture of her eye knew you had a winner right there the first then you're right uh also talking about yesterday's poll I am totally hot for billpies in the ray really I think there's something about that butch hair cut that really does it yeah she's got that thing that the bird used to call boyish and goyish yeah it just drives me while TV case wannabe if you ask me I mean she looks to be makes TV case with like an Nicole from it you know and I'm re-alborgetting right thanks a lot pal and don't get too many stokey's okay he's got your bill keys over bill keys well somebody's got a like her when you think no he does well look at that mobile man the mobile is it's like climbing up the old mobile is climbing up the maple they still do that to have a maple what is that all about I just vaguely remember about uh a pagan ceremony some people observe it some people don't but you climb up it for fun no you uh you run around it with ribbons and wrap it with a time up on top of it oh you could but that's not what is done probably fall down on your back home now they do have greased poles that's what I'm talking about yeah this is that kind of clearances looking for at the fair you're run around the maple I remember something I also remember maple in cake I had an ant on my mother on my father's side close my whole father's side of the family robinocius not to say my mother's side is all that great but um her what the whole name her name was gussie you believe I can remember that well and gussie and the only thing I remember about her first she was nasty looking and secondly she made the only thing she made she was kind of like grace on passions it makes that great tomato soup cake she made maple in cake it was actually good is that a member of a wife maple bars were bigger than earth west maple in cake what a member that's at least a hundred years ago but thirty man a lot more than that double it from twenty six and five sixty wchemist the gym managed mad dog warm up show today Hank is doing a marlins pregame Hank is on from four to sixty five marlins at the match tonight any interest no come on let's get with it get with the program audited program you ought to get with it that's a pig out at the airmill coast chinese buffet you can go there with like a little appetite you know they have a little mosh or you can go there with a gigantic appetite which is the best idea because you walk in the door and there's a sea of food you walk in you say sea look at all of that you don't know where to start I'll tell you start with maybe one of their six different soups or more than one two or three or all of them and sampled dozens and zillions of second on trade but thirty man including your strip made order they go you know some like just leaning on those yeah we do need some more okay but thirty man new your strip made order at the gourmet center race sizzling Asian grill with grilled shrimp scampy style of saloon jambos scallops wrapped in bacon and a new seafood sage jok and that isn't enough there's lots more rather dunginess crab and ginger and scallions handcar pram rib cooked the way you like it plus the brand-new oriental chicken salad and keep in mind only the finest ingredients used in all the good seven and a close no MSG no cornstarch and they never use any cholesterol oil only cholesterol fee walls in all the cooking there were faith features a full salad bar a sushi bar fresh room cocktail to an a gigantic dessert station featuring pies and cakes pastries ice cream on your favorite toppings fresh fruit to have to pace yourself but it'll well be worth the 510 15 hours you spend in there and will cost in sunrise you find them on pine alley at a 44th street there on Collins Avenue just north of 163rd north Miami Beach and at the intersection of a pemberc and plomingo roads in pemberp pies take the whole family take the whole a bunch of good again look your next business lunch in there too all sized parties welcome let's a great folks at the airport coast do the cooking for and give you a real feast take out and livery always available to call 9 5 4 5 7 2 3 8 2 9 5 4 5 7 2 3 8 2 on the fabulous air mode coast Chinese buffet parks here the medications on work I've been here for seven years nothing works here I hate this place nothing works here the medications on work I've been here for seven years I hate this place nothing works here tired of a stable operating system buy a new computer with windows XP from Microsoft now with oversized icons that'll make your desk not resemble a Fisher price busy box toy and memory absorbing cartoons for every function look at the doggy no need to go get you if you pick your file for me hmm watching stunned amassment as your monitor loads colorful graphics every time you reboot after a crash well and speaking of car killers you idiots will love the wide array of new happy faces now available in emissants jett room hey I'm a family legal lesbian oh no don't check out hey at Microsoft we say you love XP you have no choice you know what are the show in the world could you be talking about windows XP and then have a comedy bid on no I could think of see what I'm saying maybe Howard you name it we got Howard the sperm or Howard Dave David did here's a note that just was sloth under my door that the housekeeping service change it eight next week because July first on Tuesday is a holiday did you realize that I had no idea see July first is Canada day Canada day Canada day and then of course we got July fourth on Friday I'm thinking at Tuesday July first I should be having a day off should night yeah that's a good idea I'm thinking about it take it to committee five six seven by the way good luck to Duff on his film check check in a twice to see who's been 164 people say mow is a total asshole that's disgraceful that's gonna be on a front page of the hero tomorrow to 536 that's over you see I'ma said is about 30 man or 30 percent 30 and a half he's alienated just about everyone 100 who's more Howard David in 96 see those people you don't know what you're missing okay you gotta find out his talk show blows 92 Neil picks on him to much 45 8.3 percent you also have that number keeps coming down little mole and little mole yeah he does great play by play 23 and he's a great talent 2.9 percent 16 they're always a great talent if we're gonna only find out what the talent was 567 05 60 I got a whole bunch of stuff here that I want to read but I better not do that then that's where I'ma goes off today yeah but he might be after listening and he could really piss off I started to consume too many bed time to die why is it that you're so hung up on a bedtime story I like as you know that the call is mostly suck oh is that it just because you already had your own experience or here's hialia again hello hialia hello yes sir hey Neil how are you doing pretty good how you I'm doing fine you so need the instructions for the windows XP things the message you're saying I do want to facts you to me because I don't want to put it on here again it's terminal okay yeah I'll practice you got the things are crazy man they drove me nuts you also have the same crap I had it and I got rid of them text me on focus okay that's me to crap thanks he's got a fact of it and then you can take that info and it'll make it simple for you unless you got your own thing no I know another caller was gonna email me but that was not well there it was just get a whole bunch of stuff and just put a whole bunch of different things on there because if you're not getting them then you have no idea what you're missing a real nightmare a nightmare just one after another if you if you like if you were like to check your computer at noon and go away for the day and come back either not a clock at night you have about 50 of those on there someone what are the facts is I forward it along to you suggested that you might have your Microsoft messenger activated now it was having that problem when I did have my Microsoft messenger activated yeah they will funnel ads through that thing that's part of the service that needs to be removed that's that's what these guys are talking about well we want we want the information okay so I can have jungle under and you're just just demolish the thing or maybe just put the whole computer into bottom of the pool five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on it the bedtime stories man are in great jeopardy you know it as much as we take pride in that and try to let get some real informative and the progressive and the worthwhile stuff that you won't find in your local fish wrappers and you certainly won't hear and see most of that news on like Dan Radar and Tom Brokeha but uh nobody seems to care about that you know apparently do I make beiner boy feel bad that he's if spending all that energy makes me feel like crap maybe we just ought to like just suspended for the summertime what do you think unless unless we find out otherwise we'll do a pull on a tomorrow I think we're gonna get one call on it today well I mean that's spend the whole thing maybe adds up the Nelson's dead or you know like making pictures that was our naked pictures see people who spend a lot of time online they want naked pictures okay let's face it the hot couples contest naked pictures boobs titties stuff like that and matter fact you know how they wanted to pick maybe the hand of a penis like an errands pants I beg your pardon you know how they wanted pictures of the staff yeah and they were always calling they wanted to see the kind of you know that they want to see pictures of the people that you talked about I enjoyed seeing errands staff and the pictures yes so naked pictures of the staff coming soon this summer yeah right don't we already have some of those on there they got that one of me right sand sand's penis and we have the one of me with it I don't think we better put that other one on there we'll have daily features and high boy will be the first one okay so instead of the bedtime stir is worth a little like a patient that would make it pictures what do you think five six seven oh five sixty here's broken hello hello new yes sir I don't know what that's got that's right the information is public records so we're being a difference if you put it on the radio I know but then I don't want to get bitched out you know what you're bored look up cash to home oh see what he lives you'll die really oh yeah very interesting okay look up all cash to home on final where his address is oh look at that yeah I got well I got Moses dress right over here but I'm not putting it on there I don't I don't think that's right that would be wrong and I know that for well whatever that he never gave the exact address he may have given like the complex I believe is what happened and we'll have the complex about over the development whatever the hell well that's on here too yeah it says oh well sure so I have the name of the complex I have the exact address I have the shoe size I have his age it says 72 the sales date how much it sold for boy if I bought a house for that price and I looked at the uh court it says value I oh well the assessed value those got nothing that that's the different story right that's only for tax purposes because like my house is in the sister all of that much I needed it's worth about to uh then you're double what I paid for it 10 11 years ago want to buy it oh no things I'll just go has the for sale sign out front by the way my house you remember that for about two days I was thinking about selling her and I changed my mind but we figured why to help change it you know maybe some of you come along right to check for a million dollars it's a nice look it is a really nice look when you have a for sale sign out front and when you have like a whole bunch of Haitians coming through her video it makes it look like you're happy to be there what's wrong with that if some Haitian family wanted to come to and buy my house or about a half a minute I have no problem with that the plantation Haitians I've got some people behind me live right behind my house I don't know what they are they're like island people from summer they're the ones that got all bent out of shape of a mom I'm a big satellite dish whenever I've moved in I got jipsies had a spin all of that money for those big expensive palm trees to put in it because they thought that it was an isor my satellite dish and you know what all these years later an isor yeah I still so about it I pop you pissed because the palm trees are painted in the yes you have any idea how much crap falls from palm trees of course I do I just want to about a green and have them schlept those damn things up from candle unless yeah and then they have to dig holes halfway to China to stick the roots of those damn things in it and those big fronds may oh god even Arthur fronds fell off a one-one day god damn it but anyway I'm just like I said so we got some heavy duty drug dealers that are looking at my house one-of-by-and why not I mean why should there only be one drug house in my neighborhood right they can pay cash to and you know the thing that it means is me now be a throw I don't want to get into it specifically okay you've seen it you you wouldn't know unless I told you which one I was it's a couple of two blocks away okay listen that all right block and a half it's a drug house okay there are people all hours of morning new night part across the street sometimes you go to see somebody like passed out at the wheel in a car part it's a drug house you're not talking about that church are you no no that's for people on drugs in fact they get the drugs at the house for us then they'd like to just walk down the street to go to that when that's our pick out of churches band give me a trouble I'm gonna say which one I live in church row I'll find there was power man there's a church there's a shoulders I every you name it whatever religion you believe in there's a show and you could slip to any one of them even on child's oh my god they even they even have people doing the Windsor Pilates on a street corner and I don't even know what they all like is what what is that and don't start with the scissors talking okay yeah she lost all the way down Windsor Pilates that's a good deal do you know how we ridiculous then is but that goes to show you how desperate us fan people are which is a great segue into balance for life I did that would not even know I have a copy I have a right my hand that I'm squeezing it your blessed I am I'm blessed with this psychic ability if it only worked in Vegas and at the track I would have to be sitting here right now talking my guts out and haven't two calls on a board but I'll always we're squeezing along you know I understand where we are I'm realized Canada days coming up balance for life is a smart a delicious and easy way to lose you that way that you've been desperate to get off your fat disgusting body no cooking no shopping no clean no worries no calorie counting no carbohydrate counting it's simple for simple people like us in fact it's all based at the principles of the zone diet which means it really works in the weight pores off your body but the folks at balance for life do all the figuring out for you they've got that all figured out ahead of time they send you a little a menu they fill out each week you have two choices for every meal and snack each day that you're on a program and air at six o'clock in the morning by six at the very latest they deliver right here dough a little black sack and that's the key the whole deal is cause your food for the entire day is in there three delicious fresh gourmet meals and two delicious snacks nothing artificial nothing pre-fed nothing frozen no crap just delicious goodies and it'll keep you satisfied all day long you'll ever go hungry on balance for life that's the big difference with most of the programs so if you're overweight out of shape lethargic diabetic if you're frustrated because you've tried every diet under the sun and you still a fat tub let balance for life help you lose the way once and for all this could be the answer you've been searching for call nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine or check out the role payments website balance for life dot com they don't come any better than me or Neil Rogers there just don't Yeah, I know Just so more of a record My face is getting rolling Can't you kick itself off down? I'll drop this baby on the ground You sell record You want to know I'm losing my grip The baby dangles of fat As I hold it up the window That is still your breath The baby and the window I'm up there by a machine of a boom And I might just let it go Because it's way too young to school But my red girl is a... It's angry My girl is getting a lot of sleep I'm up there by this baby But I'm your hand Well, 47 or 560 WCM now You know that the call online So it's couldn't possibly be from Toronto This is why you have a quick and market estimate Hello 100% Neil's live from Toronto I'm in a cereal Been a fan for about two years off and on I'm going to say the shock Well, no, you shouldn't be You're doing a very good job And if more people in Toronto know about you It'd be also listening on the internet Listen, let me ask you Neil, you should be taking off Joy first, you're... Candidate, you're right 110% You're a regular Canadian already Almost You're painted red and white instead of red and blue I'm painted blue and white Well, there you go Neil, where's your art exactly? We have some flags and hats we want to send up to you Where are you? Where am I in? I'll give you a red and silver I'm sorry I'm not going to give my address on here Yeah, well that wouldn't be a good idea Well, not be a good idea So Neil, it's been a pleasure Listen, let's keep in touch You have an email there at the office in Toronto No You don't No, I don't I'm an anonymous, you know the way I am You'll see me standing out in the street I'll be the one with a little tin cup Spirits and change Mr. That'll be me That'll be you Yes, usually hanging around the airport area Or what? I hang out with the ACC We need to leave the signs of real players Oh, there you go I'm paying way like I've been a pleasure Neil and they're talking to you Listen, we haven't put me on all Then if they can give me the address, I'd be great Sure go ahead, hang on Thanks for it Give me the address, we trust him, go away Do we trust him? Eh Don't come here I don't care, he says he's a real Canadian guy What the hell? I don't want no flags And stuff Tell him I have a nice day if we don't want to give the address Tell him after I give Moses address, I'll give mine up I mean it's not a big deal I mean like down here, everybody knows where I live It's not a big deal when you're that paranoid about it But I mean, you know here I'm like a stranger and paradise I just prefer to continue being a stranger and paradise But you're fine I'm bigger part He was going to give you a hat Well, I'll give him something He's sound like my type But a good Canadian guy That's incredible Can you believe that? You could tell he was Canadian Oh, he said a boot He's a boot About 30 men Yeah, years Love your pali But stay in a hallway You know, I'll see if they even center I'll be eaten at the eaten center Well, we're sure where I may be All the time stores in the water two hours You have that feeling All right Have a sick feeling and they put it in my stomach Well, cause it like reduced to a disparado stage Well, it's raining again Oh, is it pouring in? Jesus man, a sun is shining here Let me take a puke at what the temperature is right now It's shiny and sunny and beautiful And it's 30 And it's I heard me Which is like 88 I guess You know I lost that scale I got to write here in my hand Okay, right next to Moses Dress That was an amazing a Toronto guy call I'm let's see 30, 30, 30 Um, 80's What? Can I be right? That's not that bad 86 You only wish it was like only 86 Sunny and what's the humidity? George Oh, I'm stalling for time here on city puzzle Uh, it's a pretty thing to change, okay? Community can't be all that bad It's hot But it's not all human Five Five Five, six, seven, five, and 40 Percent Wouldn't you like give your left arm and two of Biner boys are our legs for 40% humidity right now Yeah Let's take a call from my enemy Hello A galino Yes sir My hero I lost with that time story You're the one I'm the one I don't always have time to read a medri-jay But I love to check up on him I need that Yeah I don't get that kind of information Well we need some kind of validation from the audience It's worth putting them on here Because you're the only one so far And almost three hours that you've made any comment about him Well, there are no weekends kind of hard I don't have a lot of time on the week It is hard And to read them too Right But on the weekend I try to get caught up And I'm in the rally area And it's raining It's raining Oh, I like this Okay, well thanks for the advisory Thanks for the weather advisory pal Thank you See you now this is good And I'll say it again It's got nothing to do with the fact that I'm a You know, it's about 100 miles away or whatever Because when we're in the building Just like you guys you didn't know it It's raining like the end of the world Not until I went up to take a P Right because unless you go to a place in the building Where there's a window And of course when you're not building you don't want to have too many windows That's how many windows Not a good idea But so we don't know what's going on out there There have been so many days when I'm sitting and begging And pleading and squeezing How come people aren't calling Well I got news for you man First of all, if you're out there in a road You're not going to I mean it's bad enough on a nice sunny day With dry pavement the way the assholes with their mobile phones They're cell phones are calling But if you're out there in a rain Please don't call us we'll call you Because just concentrate and try to like stay alive You don't not kill anybody We're basing We're pleading with you You're more important things than calling some smuck like me on a talk show Now George that's another story Try to goose it up there for a little bit Nothing of the summer time Now keep in mind by the way we will have it on our website this year Which I think it's the first time we actually had a real website I mean Although in the past it's been very disturbing Because people don't know about that Tuesday and Thursday schedule Right Now you do understand after the day Now how many shows do you think I have left the full shows Before we start that alternate schedule 7 but okay I mean the number just came to my mind I mean Could be wrong Could I be wrong? No because I'm counting like man You need to recharge your batteries That's a good thing This is a good deal I'm not knocking it Thank you Greg Greed I can't thank you for too much Especially that stroke But thanks for something You know the studio is up here And being away from that place is ended years to my life And also having a nice little Now the summertime originally started with a two months off completely Right And most people are aware of this what a schmuck I am But surely when when we were planning this thing which was like right Around after the time of 9-11 of 2001 And I said the Greg in a moment of stupidity I must confess when I'm dumb I'll tell you I mean I have no shame I work on this stage and I should have any pride And I said well you know Because we were discussing the possibility of the studios in Toronto and Amsterdam And I said well you know during the summer months With everything that's going on right now And this is going on for a long for like eight your ages I could work Tuesdays and Thursdays and George would do Monday Wednesday and Friday And he looked up at me like I had just said I'm going to write you a check for 80 million dollars And it'll clear the bank You know what I'm saying? Yeah He looked at me like I was a crazy person He looked at me that looked like I was as crazy as he was Yes I am I guess I must be So I kind of volunteered I didn't need to do the Tuesday and Thursday thing But I still kept that all that time off What a match But then See that would be bad But then because I'd probably like it on a plane and go all over Europe Everywhere And look at all the money I would waste Yeah, you wouldn't want that No I don't want to do that I want to spread my money out But all those damn Europeans I probably wind up like in Helsinki again in Berlin And Klon and And Role my Ivonnezia Vatelona But they speak with a lift So why now would I want to do that So I have to be like stuck in on the Tuesdays and Thursdays So starting next What do we start that? Next Friday is fourth of July We can just write I think we're both taking that off We are both in a we decided what we're doing on that day Let's put the beast on again Not the Carlos show We're going to have to Carlos show We did a magnificent job on What was the last holiday on Memorial Day? Yeah Memorial Day Memorial Day, they'll well Wonderful job Playing the good to take a contest He played a lot of bits and he like Interjected a few words We're now probably a police Now of course this time He'll probably be bitching out the highly a police for about two and a half hours Right And then of course today at July 50 won't see him normal They'll come and drag your ass away Don't be getting care out Listen, I'm telling you right now Take it from me Don't be dickin with the cops too much Okay, take it from one who knows Don't push him a little bit too far Okay, you think you had a good experience over the weekend Just wait you ain't seen nothing yet If they decide that they want to stick their nose up your ass Or not handled So I guess the week after July 4th holiday That'll be the week that we start with George on Monday Wednesday and Friday And I'll just be making those appearances on Tuesday and Thursday for a couple of months to the end of August And we'll have it the dates on our website because let's face it There are people like you a lot there and they like me Three, four of them Bob, turn man How does you have your crowd your younger A hipper Dumber, Dumber, drug addicted and reading Ash looking crowd That's all summer, ass and grass That's not bad That's before I can see the Billboard campaign Ascent grass with George on QAM Oh, yeah And that effect we're going to figure out how to smoke grass with ass All the crap you could unwrap All the slime all the time I can't do it in the east Those trick shows It's a combo, uh, bang A piano, bang So anyway starting on coming to a radio and you I'm just mentioning that we'll have all the stuff on our websites Might as well put something on there Somebody cares about we've been on for three hours We had one guy that cares about the bedtime stories That doesn't exactly make us feel like Wow, that's a keep working on that thing, you know Don't you agree? Yes Our Vina boys not seeing nothing They've got a muffle of bacon, he finally got his appetite back Good for him Did they feed you in jail? They defeated him That's certainly they actually feed you a meal Were you there long enough for meal time or did you like Miss Anna that? So it's getting my head thrown in the toilet count as a meal Well maybe they saw a transfer there and he figured you'd dinner was in the toilet They did talk to me He's sick, I'm not gonna watch that movie by the way No matter what you say, I will never watch that movie Never, never, never Nothing else grosses me up, but that one scene Nobody knows the bubbles of the troubles I seen I think it was bubbling when the Turning Let me turn it right now about a great product I take it every single morning, Oliomed I pop a couple of those blood pressure Oliomed And my blood pressure is great by the way Oliomed soft yells contain the finest olive oil you'll find if you had a search party You'll find those more of his advanced destruction before you'll find olive oil better than this It is super concentrated the lure with health benefits for you Oliomed in your pussy, we take care to produce the risk of all kinds of nasty things that you want to avoid Like heart disease and high cholesterol There are 14 different olium-ed formulas you choose from Now each one combining Pharmaceutical grade olive oil with good stuff, vitamins, minerals, Urbals, the support specific health needs from your bones, your blood pressure, to your immune system Just pick out the formulas that are right for you And now there are three new olium-ed formulas One to help you sleep, one to help you control your weight And sell Q10 for your heart Pick it up while you're doing your shopping at publics and equards wall greens Whole food markets, diverse and sedunrows Or order some olium-ed online if you like Oliomedamerica.com For information call 1-866-Oliomed That's 1-866-65363 Pick some up today and for better health Start poppins of olium-ed your pussy real soon Why and local? We're sports radio 566-Oliomed Hey, I'm from Oliomed Rush, Latelyn And I like scrubbing my snederyl as with soap made from jewels And listening to the new Rookie I'm gonna use the hour Take aint Don't you know I told you don't bother me while I'm in here I thought it's Mickey Mouse Oh, Mr. Mouse, good morning, how are you? What the hell are you doing to me? Nothing sir You're freaking killing me I don't have a Kelly call me every three minutes Why did we roll the protest? Sir, you told me to move the bride and tell you when you must have missed on his stomach No sir, you said move the practice to Monday Hey, hey, listen but wipe on the ball I make the decisions you take the heat You all move the practice Okay, are we going with it anyway Hold on Remus It will shot the hell up I'm on the phone, Remus Hold it Yes, there was your question I'm calling you, I'm going crazy over here Between David Kelly and the Michael Jackson call me every three minutes I'm gonna go out of my freaking mind Hold on Remus Get him, you both stop him, Remus I'm gonna call him, I'm gonna call him, Remus Remus It's one bit of my hand Remus That's your penis, both My other hand Remus That's a full ball I can't hear anything, Remus Stop following the floor Sorry I'm so sorry The moves are working out very well The practice is four minutes times one And move it, it's one Quitting so we even beating the WB Fairly Oh my god Michael Jackson thing was a rating success Hold on a second Remus Next to books What the hell you doing with a harmonica Remus Don't blame Remus I'll jam that thing down here It's real And get that move right away for me Oh come on, Remus I'm allergic I'm sorry Sir, over 25 million people saw Call that bisoner Listen Yeah You see me what I'm doing here Sir, you're on the phone I know I'm on the phone Do you see what I'm doing? Use your imagination for quiet all loud I believe my hands up and down fly to fly I'm the puppet master I said you do it Now box is going to arrow all the stuff You cut out all the Michael Jackson interview But sir, you told me to edit out all that stuff To make them look like a movie Pop it master Me Idiot Oh Reemers Yes, the ever What the hell you doing now? It's nothing wrong with a floor remiss What's this in my ear? That your penis votes my other ear remiss Oh That's the phone That's the phone Remus, get out Go over to work Get out I took Yes sir Kill me Kill me I'm sorry sir Kill me Sorry Kill me, sharply My oh my It's 103 at 5.60 W.K.M. We got to him the mad dog managed to collect the siffoon Who's going to give out your roses home address Hey, Goldberg, 4 to 6.35 And the 635 We got the Marlin Pregame, Marlin's on track Marlin's at the match Marlin's only 1.500 Any interest Oh, they're smoking man They're doing it I mean even Georgia's starting to get into the field I bet you want to come to the next homestay And Georgia go to a couple of games Did you say smoking? Any game How about a big giveaway Some nice, you know, I'll be there But day You take some beer but days with you Right And you can't get a baseball game You win Mark overnight 2 to 5 at a morning Actually they do smoke some moa They have a bomb in there And they're a gigantic bomb for the join mark Water pipe sir The bomb show Because you know our motto At W.K.M All the crap you can unwrap All the slime all the time I just love that Never been better moa You know, I'm going to say something That you might in fact manage Middle B's So I caught it because they want to get rid of But I mean I really believe this Because you know me even if it pains me I'll see it But I think that 5 to 8 I think he and Gully actually have a go a little bit better And they did there with the 6 to 10 thing And didn't he have like his good hour was the 7 to 8 hour He had a really strong hour And at last book that was the hour Right That was a stellar hour So I'm thinking that maybe 5 to 8 He might have a little something going Or because they're sounding Better which I realize isn't seeing like a whole lot And I don't know And for real I think before they give for all the full full 4 hours I think they're going to wait and see if he loses our license first You know what I mean? There's you think that's probably a good idea Before you expand something that's about to like blow up in your face You want to like sit back for a while and see if you can like With standard you know right before you get rid of your backup plan Right that's right So far Mo is doing just horrific What are these statements about how are they But you most agree with you agree with most strongly Because the way we were to did 604 votes already boner 604 see they like the pool That's what they like that's what Eric was always saying They just want to vote on a pool They don't want to let the whole is extraneous crap Right Eric That's just the way of not giving you any credit for the stellar job you've done That's what he's trying to do That's okay Yeah, you don't care because when it comes for Eric you consider the source Woo He's a total asshole I mean, Mohour David we're talking about 183 He's alienated just about everyone 114 His talk show blows 105 Who's more Howard Davided 105 there's a tie Neal piss on him too much now. That's moving back up again. See I shouldn't have mentioned that it continued dropping because once that happens Then they start dittling know the the freefers Neal piss on him too much 53 that's 8.7% moving back up a little bit He has great play by play 28 and he's a great talent 17 or 2.8% Of the vast near Rogers audience I thought that was a real hoot today that we did they had the pool Ha ha ha ha On the QA website that was sensational That's just because we beat everybody else's pants off among the sports crowd But also because of the fact that they had what 250 six votes right in over the weekend over the weekend Friday Saturday Sunday and a Monday morning till like 10 o'clock when they conveniently chopped it off and ended So we couldn't load it up even more and make it run away We still kicked their ass. That was sweet. Almost the sweetest my girlfriend Josh. Cortis I know his name. I always knew his name. It's just that you like it. I love him because you corrected it got like right. I don't want to say Josh then think I'm talking about Josh Dero and then look at that foody picture him in the beast on it Or I don't want to interfere in that relationship. I don't want to be the middle man in that Do you want to get in between? I don't want to be the sandwich in the middle of those two gloves 560 pound 560 on a AT&T line. Here's beautiful Delray Beach alone Yeah, you guys got a lot of phone calls there. How big are you part of? Do you have a lot of phone calls there? I bet you as I need. What are you writing a book about it? No, no, no. I just been holding them on first time caller. I'm sorry about that. No, I was thinking all those whack jobs I call you. They hold that long Just to say that. They must be freaking out of their minds. They must have no life that is correct. Actually, I was right around Delray. I just want to tell you that there's a function. Looking crazy people up here driving on the road. Yeah. I do think the bedtime stories are pretty good occasionally. Nice. And probably one of your best new segments I think is in the morning. Is your little crossover with Ferrell there? Yeah, that's a hoot. God, it's hilarious. I don't know how he feels with these freaking people up here and he must change his damn place. Not bad. Do you have anything here? Your eyes are a bit arcane. Just completely killing. I love it driving around. Excellent. Do it all of a job. If you ever need a good exterminator, we just started a business here. Well, we got more there in the morning. His headpiece could be a little help. Thanks a lot, Pally. Have a good day. And you too. He probably was looking for a little plug there. I like the next time he calls for him a plug. Okay, for his new business. Well, plus you don't have any exterminator responses. I mean, we do love our friend Steve and again, an ATM alternative to my management, which are great. But since he had the exterminator at the station anyway, that place needs an exterminator. By the way, we've got a back somebody requesting a geolio. I will be calling you up to the show to tell you where you can get help for your termites. But you'll be calling, geolio. Geolio, yeah. I see. He sent a fax. But the problem, the termite problem. Well, why can't he just fax him back the number for Steve and ATM? You got a column? Are you looking at agent or you get like a cut on this? I wish. Are you pulling like a rumor or not? I mean, like an accident. I can fax him back. But who knows who's on the other end of the fax machine? That's true. That's a good point. That would be like a given that guy my address here in Toronto. That Canadian guy made turns out that he's like some kind of terrorist. Hey, happy Canada today, Pally. I'm, I'm, and that's very exciting. I'm delighted that we got one guy in the city here. Listen to this, you're on here. Probably, so efficiently. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT. So we've had two votes for the bedtime stories. It makes me feel really worthwhile. Don't tell me that he could have a story. Yes, you're in, uh, in store for a surprise. A lot of stories out there on the street. What we forgot all about what kind of a day today is. Tuesday, June 24th, 2003, 1 PM. One PM one. Look at your fax machine. Tuesday, June 24th, 1 PM. You'll go, Zambi, K. It's not going there. Oh, we have the trends coming out. And they were good. Oh, I don't know. I just, I haven't even looked at them. I just, I just, I don't even look at them. Well, it's not going to be a good surprise if they're not good. If they're bad, it's not going to be no good. It's not going to be a surprise either way. No matter what. Keep in mind folks, that these, uh, ratings that are going, that's excellent. Even though we do have a whole bunch of calls now. See, the way goes. Oh, we got a car here. That's one of my last memories of the bird that, oh, we got a car here. Poor birdie. Poor birdie. Poor birdie. And calls that way. Here's a call from Kendall. Hello. I'm from the author. Yes, sir. Or the bedtime stories. I'm in. And, you know, it's just too hard to look around anywhere else for. Followed. Thank you. It's a lot of work to try to find out what the hell's really going on. Listen, I don't think enough people are calling in because it's true. You know, these, the people who really care about that stuff. They're going to be working. They're going to be working. They're going to be working. They're going to be working. They're going to be working. They can't call. Well, that's why we'll do the pull on it tomorrow. Yeah, internet. And then they can have all day to, uh, you know, cash there, uh, thing. I'd love it. I'm, I'm recently unemployed. So now I get time to listen to you again. I'd love it. Well, see, there's a little, uh, you know, a silver lining in the middle of that dark cloud. It's a bit of a chase a bit of a trade off for this work. I love it. I love it. Have a great day. Thanks. Good luck to you. Now, I wasn't prepared for this. Now, here's the fact that, uh, this is from our friend Richard the evil monster. Well, now I'm going to feel the inspecting property. I'll listen to car. And when I'm home working, I'll listen to him. And I must say you are real hoot. Oh, what is no question about that, Dick? Uh, just want to say thanks for making a smile in the midday. My take on Jackie's Johnson. This is good. She has that huge rack in that tiny little waste. And with the little amount of TFTV times she's on, the head of her. House head was going to have enough time to overly examine her average facial features. As we're concentrating on her mighty midsection, Big dogs says doofy dooses roggies is proposing to worry yikes. Yeah. P.S. Magnolia is on independent film channel July 2nd, 69 PM. Sound evil, my strategy evil. Okay. Now, the first numbers are coming over in the trend. Now, this is, uh, this is very significant. And also, the, let me just caution you right now that, uh, for well, we're not sure up on this yet because this was like March April May. He didn't start till June. So, uh, for all one up here reflected in this, it'll be the same crap. So, either way, if it's good, we can say hey, we're kicking ass. And if it's not so great, we say, well, this is before the format. See, when you're in this business, there's always a way to like play with it. And the number two, you know, always a way to shape it and mold it. And, uh, you know, make a story. We got all these stories. Okay, let me do the break. And then I got a cause I got to stick a lot of facts paper and I machine it because you're going to be running all kinds of crap through here. Okay, let me just take a quick look at the first page. The first category. Uh, look at that. I would decay them a little bit. This is 12 plus with me already care about, but this may be like give it a little indication. Q AM was down like a tenth of a point meaning was two one to a two oh. With that, that's not our demo. That includes every all the Alta Cockers 90 plus, plus little punky kids that we don't care about. One thirteen at five sixty WMD. Niel deals are smoking. At Hall of Pontiac are good friends, Tom Lamin and Joe Prater all the time. They're smoking it. Ignalma smell it. And Hall of Pontiac GMC making deals unheard of. For example, all the Niel deals going on right now. Here's Niel deal number one. Get yourself zero percent financing for sixty months on every 2003 Pontiac or GMC in stock. Niel deal number two gets you up to $4,000 ribbon and every 2003 GMC in Pontiac in stock. All you current and former military personnel at Hallock in additional $750 rebate from all your good piezines. Right now, Niel deal number three, at least a brand new 2004 Grand Prix GT1, for as little as $209 bucks a month. It's a 36 month lease. Talk to our buddies at Hall of Fortittales. Right, I had a beach back there and get the, I don't want this to like it all screwed up here. I'm saying I don't stop off the fact machine. I'm trying to do eight things at once and Tom Lamin, he don't mind. No sweaty. Niel deal number her, I just gave it. I did it. Right now in Hallock, you can test drive any vehicle on a lot for 24 hours. You can take it home, take it to work. You can take it to go pick up Beenerboard because this car is messed up. It's a little messed up. Hallock's also was always got a great selection of certified pre-owned cars, car's car's car's and SUVs. And if your credit is on the week side on a marginal side, if you maybe won, they let stop into a radio station, didn't even work there, which puts a big glimish on your record. Have no fear because Hallock is here. They'll cut you deal even if you're a deadbeat. Hallock, Pontiac GMC, their 134-01, South, Xie Highway. That's US one across from the falls. Open seven days of week, they've been doing it strong there for over 35 years. For information on those Niel deals, call the hotline. One Tribal 8 534-4211. That's one Tribal 8 534-4211. Don't forget all Niel deals, subject to credit approval. Talk to our friends at Hallock 4 details. Hallock Pontiac GMC, you'll agree with me. They are professional grade. Come on. Come on. This is Fort Radio 564. We're doing it. Roger's got it. Hey, there's a little one at home. All right, guys. Knock it off. Hey, hey. Hey, you big fat fruit cake. Guys, that's not nice at all, now. I'm not really going to cry. I'm going to call your parents as what I'm going to do. Let's face it being a house husband is hard enough, without having to worry about the laundry. And thanks to new simply clean with bleach, I don't have to worry. It simply clean gets out all the tough stains, like grass stains, coffee, piss, piss, piss, piss, piss, piss, dry non-pick like on this t-shirt. So when my wife gets home, my laundry will score an A plus. I'm in a home. Well, there he is now. Do simply clean with bleach. Get out the f***er. One I think what we took a while up against Randy, see this? No, I didn't get that. Oh, yeah. I'm back 12. 12. Huh? 12 plus? Yeah, and it also 18 to 34. We dropped from a 35 to a 25 in midday. And that's got to be us because Hank went up a little bit 12 plus. Moe will stay the same. So we must have taken a gigantic bump all the right wingers must have gotten the trends. You think? Must have got the diaries. Not looking good boys and girls, but then again it doesn't really mean anything. It's one month. It's April May and June. And then of course it'll be in your fine hands and in most of your line august. That'll cinch that. So if we had a week June, that means the summer book, forget about it. You want the persons 2554 that's the last batch I have here. I sure do. Okay, coming at you. What are we going here? We have men. We haven't been there. Go ahead. We have a dog. We all men. Huh? Woo. Let's see who's kicking ass here. W. E.D.R. Main, tini. They're number one rating. Number one in the market. And maybe even a few white people listen to it. W.E.D.R. 12 plus overall. Number one 5.7. Uh-oh. How do you like that? Followed by power. Power went up a little bit. What happened to the party? The party radio station. Party. Yeah. They seem to be like, follow them out of favor. Seems to be like vanishing from the landscape. That's my opinion. I'm like Disney. Where'd he go? Well, 12 plus would be anything with it. Let's give him an excuse. Right. Can we find an excuse for us yet? No. Yeah, must be all right. Wingers got the divers already told you that. All the people that hate me like poised. That's okay. That's okay. We'll be back. And especially this is predates our time change back. We're going to be a real schedule. Ooh. Not that they will make any difference. 18 to 34 midday. Power in a level. Oh, look at that. They went through the roof in his trend. Power 96 and 11. Oh, wow. Number one by a mile. WMIB men in black FM. Number two 7.9. You'll see how long that's been last. Every time they keep changing that station around. Just like smeg them. Remember that had a big splash in the beginning. And then down the crapper. The coast. The coast. What kind of crazy 18 to 34 year olds got these diaries? The coast is number three in the midday. 6.2 to 7.4. I don't believe it. I don't either. They had that crap on when I was getting my haircut. They've gotten so bad. Not to say they were good. Followed by WEDR, which is a time for third with the coast. Zeta had a precipitous drought. 5.3 out of a 5.7 in the midday. How they doing in the morning in the 18 to 34. That's a target demo. Huh? Well, these are all screwed up. I apologize to the audience if it sounds like I'm like totally odd. But the way you sent this to me is like in order. I wouldn't do this to mo. Out of order. I said, in order. 6 to 10 a.m. Power is number one in the morning. 18 to 34 person 10.8. I mean, they went through the roof. Followed by Zeta. Still number two. But tied with EDR. Dropping about a point and a half. You ought to see what a cast through a homo is. Couldn't believe that guy said that Howard sperm dropped from a 7.9 to a 6.9. That's a pretty good drop, you know, in one month. Must have the gigantic February like we did men and dropped off. Uh, now what about Mo 18 to 34 is hardly his demographic, okay? Hardly most demo. 18 to 34 person because then includes women as well. We have an 18 to 34 women. WQA and went actually from a 1.7 to 1.4. In the morning dropping down just a little bit. But boy did we take a hit man did we just get slaughtered. We're done. We're done. Back a forking us. Huh? Like Mickey said, bat done. Yeah, bat done. 3.5 to a 2.5. Now I'm looking at the attend to 3.18. Plus, not to get a head of you. Yeah. 6 cast to a 6.4. No, what was it? 6 6 to a 6.4. Oh, what's wrong with that? Nothing. So we stayed about the same. Well, that's not back because we dropped off a huge February. Just keep that in mind, okay? So maybe if it may be if May wasn't also bad. I mean, what month was it? What month are we talking about? The summer book is what? The March April May in June is the spring book. What, what am I talking about? I don't know why. This is for March April May. March April and May. No. Well, uh. The spring bond I'm getting confused here. This spring, I was going to hit myself. The spring book is April May in June. I'm sure the audience is enjoying here in his. Oh, not too bad. Okay. It's important to us. Inside. It's inside crap. They like their inside crap. They're working as smelly. Yeah. It's April May in June. So that means April and May are in. So June is yet to be determined. And of course, June will include the new lion. That that's good. That leads out some hope for the spring book. Do you understand? Yes. Now, what about the men? Where's my men? They're coming across. Wow. That's what I'm hoping. They're slow. You're a men or slow. And that's what you think. Six to 10 AM, men 18 plus. Big Howard sperm still number one. But Howard's from an 8.8 to 7.5. Probably would love that right wing bush looking crappy's been doing. Looking to wrong bush. Zeta 5.4 down to about 5.5. Oh, still number two. Nice going, Airpolly. You jackass. Radio Ritmo number three. Still radio radio Mumbi 4.2. Wiod look at that fourth and all. Boy, I would day again. What a kiss they got. What is war crap? 3.8 to go 4.2. Oh, I read the wrong number. We actually went. Oh, huh. So you give me a you gave me a loosen. Vogue's number. You idiot. Yeah, we went down. So you give me the iodine number. Oops. Mid day. They got a six four. And we got a five six. We're still number two. But we got from a six two to a five six. We took ahead in this month and may. Took it may. Okay. How did you let me give most number yet or not? I think a stop. 3.9 to a four point. Oh, he went up a little bit actually in a morning. And we took a see. You see where this is going? Right. Pissing contest again. That's why he was a horrendous lead in for the show because his people hate us and vice-versy. So wherever he gets to die is if he does well, we think that you went out and if we do well, which we usually do, he sucks when. Afternoons for example, the Humper. WIRD. The Schmidt-Mister is still member one with five point eight in men. Followed by E.D.R. five six. Power four nine. The Humper from a four. Oh, to a four point four from number eight to number four. Oh, so see everybody else went up except. We took a precipitous hit in May. We got land based in. Ask me if I care. Now let's see. What's the ion vacation for weekend? Uh oh. I just mentioned that in passing. I'm trying to lay it and you're, you know, slow shoulders. I fault. No, I'm just, I'm just, I'm asking out loud. What's the ion vacation for weekend? I think so. I don't know. I don't know about that for a back. I wonder what B.N.B. I think so. Do you think it was probably Georgia's fault? Of course. Ha ha ha ha. George was thinking about giving you a ride home today, but I'm sure he might be thinking again. Oh, I mean, no. And then of course there was that check that I was going to ride. Oh, 26 past one. It's five sixty WQA on a disastrous two day. I was feeling pretty good to just start some of these damn trends in here. And I see we took a nasty hit in the month of what we got to get one of those every now and then. You know, they stick it to us. They get the diaries and it's like a message, you know, like Joey Zazal. It's on a message. By now, you've been here to talking about land units. They're us and how laminated wood flooring from laminated terraces. The easy to smart. The low maintenance alternative to natural wood flooring. Laminates are us as the best place to find laminated wood flooring from parador. Pergo Wilson art unifloring quick step. They've got all the top names all installed by pergo certified installers. Here's another reason why I ought to be calling laminated terraces. Their prices will floor you right now. You can get there some are special for just nineteen hundred ninety five bucks. That's right. Just nineteen hundred ninety five bucks for up to three hundred eighty square feet of beautiful. Laminated wood flooring. Unbevelable. Elaminates are uslamants any legitimate written offer for free. In home estimate call laminated terraces toll free. One eight seven seven seven seven seven thirty three thirty six. What could be easier free carpet disposal waiting for you? Pre-purniture moving to twenty five year warranty. And years and years of beautiful easy to care laminated wood flooring. Call laminated terraces today and please be sure and tell them that ancient Neil ancient decaying Neil. Food in called toll free. One eight seven seven seven seven seven thirty three thirty six. It's day in my early time. Life read your life is real happy to have five six. Oh, WQ. Yeah. Asshole. They just increased us to high alert status. Both no one blows up my brand new dot stratus. I've been a wrenx system gave us the news. Topping value with a big pleasant boost. I keep the gas mask in my glove compartment. I called re-max for a bomb proof apartment. Re-inforce my front door with cinder plots. Wonder if that won't keep on the small ponds. Checking my mail for that deadly white powder. Stocking my covers with Campbell's Clamp Chowder. Living on our jewelry no fun. I think that's aerosol ready one. I can't take it. I won't make it. If it goes to red. I'll pull the covers off over my head. And just stay in bed. Kids, dad. Absolutely. Okay, a whistle at tone because I got to do more paper in my thanks machine. Okay. Bad timing. Whist a little tune. I think that's a whistle. I think that's a whistle. The melody sounds the afternoon. Thank you, Bar. All right, cut the grant. Boy, he's wasting all my thanks paper. Same to this precipitously bad news. What we could talk about belt in May. Do you feel it? Yeah, I feel it. Like a zool. Four three to three two persons 25. 54. I mean, we took the rest of the station was basically flat. I would say an enumer is even up a little bit. So the sports nerds got the diaries in May. And the people that hate us like poisons just, oh, a dagger through the heart. And happens. That happens. Wouldn't be the first time it won't be the last. I'll have war talk. Are you part of rip in the president? Yeah, that's right. I'm plus to that's another thing too. Because generally the most proven of the sports people. It'd be the most proven of the right wing people. It's in crap a lot of it. So there you go. We just took it right off the old shoot back home. But not that we got for well. Maybe June we can be allowed in June. See that's something we're forward to a month from now on. And next trend comes out. Yeah, sure. Here's how the pole is coming so far. Which of these statements about how we're David? You believe most strongly. He's a total asshole 203 still a little over 30%. About 30 man 30.7 to be exact. He's alienated just about everybody. 128. Who's more Howard David at one 15? His talk show blows 112. Neil picks on him too much. 61. 9%. He's you know what I mean? How that's screwed it up there again? Yep. Uh huh. He does great play by play 32. And he's a great talent 18 out of 600. And 70 we're going to go over 700 votes today. Boner boy. I'm taking one thing if the response in our ratings was the same as response in our website last couple months. We'd have a 80 share. We wouldn't have everybody listen. Sir, sir, should we program director? You should be the program director. All right. A date County jail. 5.670 560 pound 560 on the AT&T Verizon Wireless 5. We apologize profusely for that last several minutes of chaos. What those numbers coming in as bad as they were. Here's Miami. Hello. Oh, sir. Hey. Three quick things. Okay. Damn the old man. Yeah. I hear bits. And in honor of quick Stevens tomorrow's poll. Gay, TV and radio personalities that are not out. First vote. The Humper. I'm out. Nice. Really nice. It's one of the cronics. I dumped that. I hope it worked. I'm not putting that crap on the air. What kind of garbage is that? 560, 0.560 pound 560 on the poll for tomorrow's going to be about the website about the bedtime stories. All right. Just side of that. Okay. Smith Disturb. Plaza Queen. Always one of your people. What do you expect? Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Hello. Hello. Hello. Here's Lake Park. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I hope you're enjoying your time off this summer. Well, it hasn't started yet. No. Okay. Well, I wasn't able to listen yesterday. So I didn't know if you had the day off or not. I wanted to definitely cast my vote for the bedtime stories. At first, when you first started to do them, I thought they were a little bit ponders. Because you didn't know. No, no, wait a minute. See your confused. I'm not talking about whether I should read them on here. I'm talking about whether we should post them on our website. Now, what are I should read them on here? Oh, I'm sorry. You know, I'm stuck indoors today and I can't get your show. And I'm, I'm, I'm Jones and I've tried everything. I got the code hanger on the radio and everything. And I just can't get your show. So I do apologize. I do, what I did want to say to those. I do enjoy when you, when you do read them and take phone calls at the same time. Because a lot of the time, we're actually all of the time. As you read these things, you're giving us information that generally, we ourselves don't have time to read. So it's kind of like you're doing all the homework for us. And generally, they are very interesting stories. I wanted to cast a vote for a Jackie Johnson. I would definitely run one up in that no problem. Okay. All right. Thanks a lot, Bally. Have a great day. Later, Neil. Stay out of the rain. Make a, and I'm probably, what's that? The jury Reynolds line that corny thing used to say at the end of a show. Let a smile be run bro. Yeah. That's the one. Oh my god, Joey. Oh, no wonder where they tasted that satatani. I am that hemorrhoid. Yeah, we know. We know. That was the beginning of the end. I think for talk radio as we used to know it. So the sports nerds dominate, not that they had any great number in it, but Mo had a four point. Oh, men. Which for him is, you know, not, maybe we had a gigantic nine to ten hour. No. No. Because Hank went up a little bit, so you know the man dog done good in here. So that means we really got just hammered. If I can. That's it. We got hammered in this trend. So wait, goes. Now that we got for real to bail us out. It's in your hands. Got it's in your hands. It's up to you to try to bail the old far out. I think it'll help can only help right. The more distance we have between us and Mo, the myrrier will all be. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16. How come doesn't say anything online? Is that my screen or is that you, Bonerblad? Or is it just that we assume that it's probably, because it's line nine. It's for those things. Hello. No, it's not whoever's rubbing Jones or whatever. They did put me on hold at that. Ask me where it's calling from. Let's Palm Beach. Here's Palm Beach. Hey, I know. I want them to said you pick on. Mo too much. Yeah. Because this between that. I don't even really know who he is. Yeah. But the thing is, like you're picking on the sound of the bad stuff about them. But people don't know why you hate him so much. Release I don't. I've told a story so many times it's got to be coming out of both of your ears. Come on. I told the things about how to write you. Well, they're from your side. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Get everybody blown off the stage. Just a silly bastard is what the bottom line is without going into detail. Okay. Well, there's just one way. You know, what did he steal a freight train from your head? Yeah, yes he does. And that's what he did. The Baltimore and Ohio, the one that was on the screen. You know, he stole the whole goddamn railroad. Okay. Well, how can you hate it? The guy from Wami so much. Who's that? We got him out loud. But we didn't hate him. He was just... He called you up and said, no, why do you hate me so much? Let me let me say that I hate you. We didn't hate him. That was just, he was just a clown. He was just a silly person. So? Are you like keeping track of who I like? And why have you like out of your memories? Yeah. Yeah. I have the columns. No, no, no. No, no, no. But I just haven't remembered it. Because I thought, why haven't you picking on that guy from Wami so much? He didn't... Well, see what he did. I think he's coming. So it is because I'm expressing my opinions. Like, you know what? I'm not an envy-pambi. I don't sit back here in awe. I love everybody because nobody loves everybody. And if there are people who like rubby the wrong way or we'll made your assholes, I'm going to call him on it. That's what I've been doing that for a long time. And we'll continue doing so. Well, okay. Would I say any like, why do you hate these peanuts? But I'm listening. I just don't understand why you hated these people. Yeah. Let me ask you this. Why do you have any other problem with the program as a just your concert about why I hate them so much? Um, you know, I love the show. I've been listening for years. Well, there you go. Sorry, this is for you. No, I'm not disappointed, but I'm just telling you that if I tell you I can't stand somebody, there's probably a pretty good reason for that. I don't go on here and just rip people gratuitously just because it's fun to do it. I go on if somebody is an asshole. I'll tell you that. That's my opinion. You know, it would be neat to make a lift about the people you say you hate. Now that you mentioned it, there is a pretty long day. You know, something that's a good pull idea. I think we'll do that later in a week. Which of these people do you think Neil hates the most? That's not a bad idea. Well, they didn't call it Neil won't like it for nothing, you know? Well, that's the story. Have a great day, pal. Okay. Okay. There's a real veteran, right? He's a veteran of the radio wars. Whatever the hell that means. When you know, the radio wars are hot right now. And Rick and says, really, sucks. How about give me that show? How about going to boygaring and give me that show? Speaking of joy, Reynolds. Joy Reynolds and Russell Wases are dinner from a hell. I don't want to give that story against depressing. That would be like asking me how about joy Reynolds? How can we despise him so much? Because he's an asshole. Now, have there ever been any of these people that I've, and I'm not asking just to suck along, but I mean, if there have been any of these people that I've just been revolted by, that you thought why do he's getting a little bit carried away with them? Like who? I don't know. I mean, like, joy Reynolds or like a joy tragedy or a mole. Dickie Farkle. Dickie Farkle was another one. Bill, what's the guy's name he's talking about from Miami? I don't even know what his name was. Bill something from Miami. The guy out loud. Oh, whammy. We forgot it. Yeah, I'm already. Say Bill out loud. Out loud. Out loud. He was a jackass. Yeah, plus he had the worst be-oh. I bet him and this guy swed it like a pig. Just was constantly soaked with perspiration, smelled of it. And he was just a jackass. He was a silly person. I didn't hate him. I don't know why this guy says I hated him. He was just a ridiculous. Plus that whole Miami experience was like, the end of my life just about that was that was the end of the road. That year, that first year at QA, that could have been, remember the guy to call the other day, what I think was yesterday. And said about five years ago, he cut me off. That was his journey. Cut me off. That was something about traffic. And he turned it off and I was turned back on. He's listening to the show and enjoying it. But I can understand that. Because the first year included that summer when we were on that whammy thing, I don't know how we survived that. How did we get through it? I don't know. We did. Oh, my goodness. Down on a second floor with equipment that almost never worked with phones that, from a hell. I can remember so many days just playing music because we could have been a lot of people. They didn't even use it because we couldn't buy a call for a lot of money and then have the time we'd find out the phone was a work and. Right, that was something. But on where it would've been up. What seven more shows? 141 at five 60 WQN hurricane season is here. Before storm hits you, you'd put up shutters to protect the windows and doors of your house. Of course, but what about the roof of your house? The so-make paid factory makes roof. It's roof, Massick. It's roof coating that could help you hurricane proof your roof. So, May's roof, Massick, saved hundreds of roofs during hurricane Andrew, while unprotected roofs were peeding off and flying away. often flying away. So may also as waterproof coatings for every kind of roof, call the Somai Paint Factory 305-633-3333. The Somai Paint Factory is the oldest quality paint waterproof coating manufacturer in Florida. So mayable save you might be because they eliminate the middle man markups. They sell to everybody at wholesale prices that are 60% lower than what you pay for national brands at retail stores. So protect your home and property from South Florida's brutal tropical climate with the best paints and waterproof coatings at the best unbeatable prices. All the Somai SOMA-SOMA-Y, Somai Paint Factory at 305-633-3333 or find them on the web at Somai.com. You save a ton of cash when you buy direct from the Somai Paint Factory. Be sure and tell them that all the authority to call 305-633-3333. New from Roncode, the Barry Manalo Bedroom GPS and Compass, never get lost in your own bedroom again. Your Barry Manalo Bedroom GPS and Compass will lock on the six strategically located satellites maintained by the US government and will warn you before you walk into your walls. How could you possibly survive without it? Imagine never having to use your own sense of direction again. You can stop using your brain completely and still find your way through your own house. The Barry Manalo Bedroom GPS and Compass from Roncode. Don't stay home without it. 144-560WKM, here's a fact that says, please keep the bedtime stories links. They're in fact a lot of people that will time the scan the internet. My girlfriend only gets listened to the events that they do to work and hardly has any time the scan the internet day. The show is going to use that day to link to the real story. Maybe eventually you can train a dinner boy to do most of the legwork if you can stay out of jail in Haalia. Did anybody hear me at a pretty mouth? How much did they did? Did they tell you how to pretty mouth? It's only that I had a pretty everything. Were they eyeing you like from head to toe to back them? Probably. I think you got your ass out of there in the rest of you too. But these numbers are really bad. I can't believe you've fast used to me. Are we supposed to pretend to really good in the live bottom like most people do? I thought we get to ask baby. Number one. Womped. We just got. See, our retron we've always said is a month behind. That's always been the knock on them along with the fact that they don't know how to sample anybody. But there must be a height. And this is the month I expected last month. That's the last month be the zester because of the Iraqi war and the whole business, the abortion business. Yep. So now here it is a month later. It finally comes down on our ass. That's okay. We'll survive. What happens when you have a good contract? You're on the same mole? 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon, wireless line. Here's plantation. Hello. Reload 6 to 10. Yeah. No more mole. No more mole. No more mole. No more mole. No more mole. Okay, great. Thank you. Excellent call. Go see all of those. The guys that call, they don't even say hello. You know. Oh, wait a minute. Here's the. This must be coming from Muff now. The Muff. I want to look at this. He handed them to me. And the middle of my show is doing this to me. This is not good. Well, that's not so bad. It's not good. I don't understand it. Wait, what did you do? It is a dark. I'm looking at him now. I don't understand. Well, now how do we do in March? How did we do in March? We did these in March. Not great, these say. But yeah, so we're still. We're still in the running and the ballpark. We have a good June. 6.3 and men in April and our AT&T 3. Of course, that includes the Mad Dog and May 5.0. Which is a lot better than I thought it would be. I thought it was going to be a disaster. I thought it was going to be a nightmare too. I thought it was going to be like the end of the world. Now, seven to mid. I've looked at that April 1.9 May 2.8. That's the Marlon crowd. How many of them? About 30 men. But they must all got diaries. The Marlon crowd. How'd the Humphor do? Let's see. Humphor had a good man. I saw an air hopper. Excellent. What point? He was the strongest Lincoln May. He's the one that kept us to flow above water. Because he had a big life ramp. We all hung in the fact he was the life ramp. He just hung onto the Humphor. Four point four and April, four point eight May. So he should have had a pretty good spring book. Thank God for the Humphor. I told you he'd be back tonight. Yep. I told you. You have little faith out there. Plus, three to seven will be strong too. Cause now you got Mad Dog on there in the three to four hour. I think we're going to make a great thing for you to talk about this thing here. I think once you see for Real's numbers, start showing up in their pali, then then you're going to start seeing some real heavy crap coming down. You know what I'm saying? Well, the crap you can unwrap all the slime all the time. Yeah, now you're talking. Oh. So maybe Mocha just do the promos. It could be promos. And I can do the homos. I'm a homo. Five six. Are you picking on the Humphor again? I will never get into that hero. They had you would. You're saying little regret. I don't hear you. I don't hear you. Hangs great. I just never see him anymore. We go way back all right. Just stay to hell away from me because he doesn't want me to see how fatty it. That's okay. I'm fat too. Hank. Don't worry about him. Still fat. Here's the call from Lighthouse Point. Hello. I'm Sarah. How you doing today? I'm doing sensational. It's first assistant. It's almost to a clock. I'm all right. Listen. I just got laid off and I was wondering if BBG is hiring. BBG? BBG? Oh, BBG? BBG? BBG, these are right now. I get on the floor right now. All right. Can I use your name as a reference? Sure. No problem. All right. See you, pal. Hey, I got two legs. What the hell is that man talking about? Why is there a lot of stress? He just got K. He just got laid off. Peanutboy got laid too. And then look what God turned around and did to you. Huh? Take you a lesson or two. That's exactly what I was doing today. I don't take you a lesson until we got ladies in there. Braggard. I got laid four times. Yeah. I told you try to be for well-join. You're not for well. You're never going to be for well. Just try to be you. Just try to be a little illegal alien punk. Okay. Try to be a little humble. Remember about? For those that hang the most understanding one. He's like, yeah, I've been through all that. Who was? For well. Most understanding about what? Have a big throwing jail. Yeah. Well, we all been through that. That's not a big deal. Well, not all of us. Well, not you just wait. Your turn's coming. Oh. You just wait. You just wait. Yeah. You just wait. All they got to do is spy you one time. Mr. Motto. No, I have to give Carlos a ride. Yeah. Because that's a big, all they combination by the way. Yeah. You should've let him anywhere in your middle. Major margin. Carlos are going to be a two for deal. Okay. They're going to be in the same vehicle. Right after being a close home address will be given that number out on here. License plate. So this isn't as bad as we thought. Thank you, Duff. I sure hope Duff's ass comes out. Okay. Tomorrow morning. You know it. Because he's got that ass test. They're going to be like sending a search party in there. Maybe the finds and weapons of mass, desecration. Is that? That happens of ass destruction. Weapons of ass destruction. Right. Now, these aren't as bad as I actually thought. Now, who had the bad? Oh, look at that. Look what a bad number was in the morning. Oh, my God. I had to even look at that page. You know what? I did. This is bad bad news for somebody. Because I thought we were going to want to took the big big hit in May and look at that in the morning. I'm getting proud. 3.5 from a four six that month that bogus month of April again. Have it in January. Have it again in April. Like every fourth month. He gets a bogus big month. But in May, a precipitous drop to a 3.5. But the good news for Moe is he'll still have that the June thing. He'll still have that April thing hanging in the spring book. And he also will have the benefit of forlby in the near as part of the six to ten. See what I'm saying? I know. So he's going to have a good book. Nice gone, Airmo. No thanks to you, man. Because I'm getting talent right and deservedly so. You know, this is interesting to show how spastic in the psychotic awareness business. I just went from a depression. I was on a real high and then you just saw it. So friends day, it's the 20th, the 24th. And the pages start pouring out of my fax machine like crazy. And a chopped on 16 fours to freeze just to put the paper, make the paper to print out the guy there. Friends here. And then they come in and look at them all bummed out Jesus. We got really you. And then the month mice. There comes through for us. Mr. Mr. Ass comes through for us again with a month by the month. Please, which aren't that bad. I mean, a morning's pretty pretty nasty. So how does that make any sense to you? I guess the whole station was just down in May. Isn't that a way to put it? It looks. Except for the Humper. Right. 3 to 7 done good. And according to evenings. And evenings with those marlin gives. Don't forget the marlins and the meds tonight from Shastate and Baby. Everybody's going to be hanging on the edge of their seat. Oh. To the boosters. Good. We like the boosters. Great guys got that neat orange. Here he's a good play by play guy. And then we got Dave and boring. And we got a quick link and that thing. See, nothing is perfect. There's always a week link. You know. Like kind of a morning guilty show. It's Mo on the Furell show. It's the beast on this show. Anyway, it's 8 minutes before 2 at 5. It's me. I didn't say that. I just. I just let it open because they're all you see. This two of you so could be like here. Maybe there is not a week link. We're always number one. Our wait number one. Yeah. And without George we couldn't have done that. You might have done like a 20 share without George. And without being your boy. We certainly couldn't have this impressive website. You wait till we see that pull them are huh? I've hoping. What? You're hoping what now? You can be hoping. You can. Yeah. See you can be hoping that they don't care about the bedtime stories on our website. And nobody pays any attention. Which means a lot less work for us. In addition to which let's discuss this right on here. Right now. What are we going to do during these weeks when I'm on this. So July and August thing. Am I going to have to like still get up early in the morning and feed you bedtime stories? Or can you assume that responsibility yourself? I mean, two days and three days. When I'm doing a show, I don't mind doing it those days. But the rest of the days I'm not getting up early in the morning. So I can like feed you a bunch of crap. No, I can't have the. Especially after the derelict job you did this last week. And when you were cool in your heels and highly of jail. Well, first they have to that. You know, can give me a palm pilot and that way I could just do it right from jail. That's not a real problem. Don't you know, how did you got practice? I think you started a like it in there. 153. It fine. Sure got a lot of attention anyway. Hey, speaking of that. And job is a good. And busted maybe like a great home for a great prospect. Maybe college is just to a specific and takes too long. But seriously, if you can afford 10 bucks a month and commit yourself to three nights a week for four months. Fast, train can up you achieve a new high pain computer career. That is absolutely correct. 10 bucks a month and three nights a week for only four months for individuals who qualify. So call fast train toll free. One, eight, six, fast train. They have four locations all over town. So there's bound to be one nearby you. And so you won't have to be hitchhiking like Carlos to work. Call fast train toll free at one eight six six fast train. Talk to a train career counselor too. Fast train offers day evening weekend schedules job placement hands on training. So if you're sick and tired of working for peanuts, if your life is going nowhere fast. If your life seems to be on a treadmill, pick up that phone and call fast train right now at one eight six six fast train. Fast train defer payment is valid for a year record payment supply thereafter. Whether you're a high school student on summer break right now. Somebody in underpaid did and job or just looking at them increase your net worth. Call fast train toll free at one eight six six fast train. Or check them on the web at fast train dot com. I make a local this is five six three years old yours. You a. Holy mac and odd this is Joe Bow on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority. Neil God. We put a retarded girl in our own. She's a bee she did show you how well it drives. She's a. Our agency thought this would move some product out of the show room. Look at her go. This is one year than watching retires at the park. She's a. She's a. It's someone that's a dearly retired. And much fun and. She's. What's up. What's up. One fifty so I got a bedtime star I wanted to read. I'm I made back myself into a corner here too bad. Dave's wife old medicine was constant capital times as a method to bushes madness you think I can do this in two minutes. Read a pass. Folks like to scoff its suggestions that with a bush administration's really up to with all those time. Scots and deficits spending is degrees to skids for a day when they can do away with all the governments. Social programs and acted during the last century social security Medicare job programs. Few examples they need to read a recent column that appeared in the Washington Post written by Grover. Norquist president of the offer conservative group called the Americans for tax reform. The organization has considerable influence the administration with today's Republican party. They're in black and white norquist lays out the scenario that Bush and the GOP. Congress in vision if this is compassionate conservatives and I think we better go back to this plain old regular conservatism. Norquist says that Bush has wisely not proposed fundamental tax reform in a single piece of legislation. But the president's been taking deliberate steps towards such reform with each tax credit wrote a ballast of death tax abolished the capital gains tax. Expand iris so that all savings are tax-free moved to full expensive business investment rather than long depreciation schedules and a policy alternative minimum tax. Eventually he says the president will be able to move to a single tax-a-flat tax rate envisioned by magazine publisher in former GOP presidential candidate. Steve Forbes and the snarl in congressman from Texas, Dick Army. As David Broder pointed out in a recent column, that's when janitors and CEOs give up the same percentage of their income to the tax man. The economic goal is to reduce the tax rate on labor and capital and reduce the disincentives to other savings investment and work Norquist continued, adding that eventually a elimination of tariffs on manufactured goods, reforms and personnel management and the social security changes will take a generation to phase in. Bush will be able to take these small steps because of that eight years to do it with the Republican Congress that will also be good for at least another eight years or so because of the jury-mandered congressional districts the GOP was able to fashion after the new census he can't lead confidently wrote. columnist Groder remarked that while Norquist didn't say it directly, what he really has in mind is a massive rollback in federal revenues and what he regards is a desirable shrinkage of federal services and benefits. In short, the goal is a system of government, white clean on both the revenue and spending side of almost the full centuries accumulation of social programs decided to provide a safety net beneath the private economy. And that's essentially what Bill Moyer said in his recent eye-opening speech that they take back America conference in Washington that Bush and his congressional allies are out to bankrupt government giving them in these Tuesday privatized public services in order to enrich the corporate interest of funder campaigns. Why else would end administration facing a $400 billion record-shattering deficit continually cut taxes but spend billions more on defense. There's a method while this madeless and frankly he says, a method while the madness, the country is in big trouble he says. We could suck up to him and be real nice to him and kiss his bias of us.