Hey, enjoy the cane skin tonight on Power 965 and it opens will be on 2 am 560 Pre-game starts in around 10 minutes Yeah, you know, so sting Neostyn I call the agent tonight It's true. It's like those Patriots It's gonna be kneeling mo in the booze pretty quickly. We're quite about five minutes and I went 38 23 Patriots undefeated during the preseason The winning cover again tonight Patriots are gonna like I think like 13 and three hey Do you have my Darko to me. I'm gonna steam 7 maybe I think this is your one-stead gets canned Yeah, I have to play one sound by ignoring what I'm saying No, I want to play a black athlete that likes to smoke pop the suck up to the locals including my good friend the Pat Riley I love royals here's all the thing the first thing that drew me to coach Rally was daddy he coached my favorite play in the whole world You know me course rally met four And on 1999 There's a number of players in the slig that have oh, you know, he's fairly silly, but not many and I want to hear the sense you and I'll get to go here about some Sports or there I don't want to hear that And you get George I George to play the sound by the motocke about his 12 inch package We will get to that. I think that Pat Riley used to shower Lamars what it's all about hey now Wouldn't that be great footage of that you sure hit the high spots a couple of days ago? He's a day in your highlight today. It's All of these you get juice that's good. Yeah, I do get juice. I do get juice. Yeah, like you you get juice everywhere You go I like to do they give you free flags from Canada now they don't I can't believe Greg Reed won You know it's a nice line. You know that try to keep them alive his kids a big fan of your show Who's that a Greg son? How he is? Yeah, yes, he is he listens on the road via the internet I'm gonna enjoy because I talk about what a more honest Danny is all the time Probably enjoys that so what's the story? Well, you realize that's not his real kid. Is that the kid? It's like a blonde? Yeah Yeah, well, is Greg blonde was his wife blonde? No, I think Greg's blonde Blanned I want to I want to talk about his kind of Bobby bland remember that song let the little girl dance by Bobby Blanned I think that's a kind of a to Greg. I think I played that to him. I cheesy song in the day Did you? Yeah, and what the hell was the song you played a couple of weeks ago? She I wish I would have written it down cheesy song. It was off. Oh, it was a deon Warwick. Yeah I do and I knew the words so what was so cheesy about that? What's all was that George? Hey, guys can me like I remember what song the deon Warwick song a message to Michael you know next week Next week all the time. We're gonna have tough to carry out before us on this show probably improve the readings on Mochio How do you do you wake Mo up this morning? Yes, I did. Did you put his ass on the air? Yes, I did what about the rest of them? The beast also went on the air wait Can you see did you see it on our website? I saw a picture yesterday of a guy The way that none of this is above that right above Go for it. I need girls gonna do it right now. They'll take a puke at the new and improved Mo with the changeable Herpes is it's a lovely thing. Oh, let's go there right now. Oh, I didn't do it right Come on. Can't tell your name. He spells it our own You mean you got a type to hold them thing in there? No, I just need to put Neil Rogers down there's the banana There's the uh the condom head the letter one The lead there you go everybody go to new work. I come right now and check out the moment There you go, see in it There we go. Let's all right here we go. I'm going Neil. I like wings He's that the best or what thank you our friend Albert by the way who created that I love that big old cat With a badger on his head. Yeah, if we got to get to Gank you to do some of the games with him because then you have There's the picture the guy with a woody here's the picture of you putting it on Be said what's that the woody? Oh my god, I think you're the beach with a moment on his head. Yeah, I love the Celia Great website Let's go through the review of the poll Most of pomp is asked 37% he's effing boring 30% I don't give a shack these all about sports 19% I do listen he's fabulous 8% that means if you have every listener in Miami What you do that means that 8% of Miami likes him and 92% of Miami thinks he's a douchebag His musk rat is on two type 4% Yeah, beast is his musk rat 1% What does that tell you it tells me we've got a problem. Hey, hey, you're mall. I think they hate you I think great read me's to call George and see if he wants to write me another chance Like Greg was walking around arm and arm with your rose in a hallway yesterday hoping up the door was pointing like You know here we go here's the new guy six day in the morning. Why does he come in and act like he likes me or something? I understand I'm like the whenever these GMs come around me the stock is so small It's like it's Bridget the midget of touchy. He told me that you make him very nervous. I nervous this year asked me But that's good. He makes you real nice Hey, I'm seeing six months great time in a Bahamas. It's been I seen you while whatever you're always gonna see you to okay In face 10 inches You won't be seeing me around the house Now that football has risen Absolutely I'll be down in the record to see who is beating home good by my wife to kick off This All right, and I just bought a brand new case of beer You want to see me for five more months I'll be downstairs getting drunk Watching tackle Pants Oh the joy on the fun but fall season that's become and I won't be seeing you till the season is all through I will miss you with all my soul But I'll return after the soup Oh I guess I'm just a football free All the next 21 weeks come upstairs just to take leave No more life No more sun Football season has begun when they run when they pass I'll be cheering passing gas All the joy on the fun Football season has begun So I thought you should know You'll be a football widow All the joy on the fun but fall season The 10-08 at 5.60, WCM has a clearance who of course is a real sports nerd which is why you can't get any action Pulling this morning the key to Tom Brady success He said he's got A hardest 12 inches in football Anyway, happy Thursday to you Well, this week's your is flown by, hasn't it? Not For some of us So the people from critter control found a dead rat in the traps in my attic I should have thought of that big one Yeah, should have thought of one big ass rats They're everywhere They have a big ass And the rest of them too Yeah So they really can't make that much noise Oh yeah Well, I'll be damned Especially when they're chewing through the ceiling You know what they put on the trash I give a peanut butter Oh yeah, yeah Why is that? Um, they put like Extra-drive out It gets hard and loses it's aroma peanut butter is oily So it's hard Hardest 12 inches in football Right Peanut butter is oily And it smells like oil That's like all I'd bacon I yesterday ate it like a how much is a rashier of bacon do you know? I've heard that expression so many times I have no idea what that means But whatever that is I ate it And man oh man what that did to my Rectom Dude I pay a wicked price for that I wanted they do and they did it again today but being uh, why is he up and I wanted to go through that again They're not netted It's nothing but well that's how is we love you But they cut the crap already you know like 60 slices of bacon will be enough That stuff is nothing but fat and grease and uh, and pork pork Oh, do I have a ride for that but I'm not gonna say it because I have I'm holding right here a letter from the very ultra-religious right wing John black and four lauderdale Who's been writing this crap for years to the Sun Sentinel? See that's what so boring about this town. It's the same old colors and the same old letterwriters to the editor and the same old Getskies in the same crap man We need some new blood how many years have I been saying that? That's why for fellas doing so great even if he shows sucked which it doesn't but even if it did He's new he's different he's off the wall something different we need some variety Bus some in man, but get busched loads of like real living and breathing people in here and crank the humidity down about 80% Of course we'll have to bust some people out today. I of course Including all the old Jews and old Cubans. Yeah, I go out to get the newspapers this morning I'm telling you seriously it was so humid how humid was and so goddamn hot and like it's seven o'clock How hot and humid can it be at seven o'clock in the morning? How hot you want oh Unbelievable how can anybody be here? Which they're not and now today and I don't know about you coming to work this morning But the evidence of Labor Day weekend is a promise because it's been pretty thin the last week and a half But now Oh, anybody who was finally bailing out to enjoy long holiday weekend. They're gone and back up to three near death experiences Uh, I'm not sure that there was like nobody In fact, you know when I came to a dead man's curve there by the city That's what I call it. I did man's curve. I'm sorry road by the state of where there's no traffic light and you hope you can make that left turn on Ives during but the one you wiped out on is it now? That's the one you get on the turn. Okay, or off the turn pipe No, no, this is this is where you come to the end of the road by the stadium and you have to make the left turn Ives during There was nobody going either way nobody Until you got like right up to that school when people were whipping through the schools on about 80, you know Look at this. It's already 12 minutes after 10. I love that crossover with Ferrell Don't forget check out neorodges.com and see the new exciting mode. It is a beautiful thing hardest 12 inches in football. Go up those check-in pants Three There go out of just like a rainman is an excellent driver. I'm glad to know that it's ten eighteen That's good reason to vote for me in it. No, no, he's a moron. How do you like the way they're pittling around on these radio talk shows now? I Do not for game marriages, but I'm for Amanda the woman and the domestic partnerships and I'm for I don't know What is I get week? Why am I starting with us now? I don't know I really do I make myself week thinking about how goddamn stupid people are they take some more on who's in our particular would be the understanding of the centuries illiterate is an asshole He's nothing but a ghoul who represents the dumbest of everything that's dumb He wasn't even born in his goddamn country his father was a freaking Nazi Yeah, and other than that he never stole a freight train. So let's make him governor I don't know I'm a good one. Would you rather have I'm old At least there's some time we're here right Anyway 16,860 for abandoned per rescue. We did the 14 or a box yesterday at the Brandies Thanks to our friends at Brandies by the way for allowing a McGill and Troy Strathard to be the by the way Trace Strathard told me something shocking this morning He said that Dan Marino had the smallest penis of any player he's ever seen in his life He said he was hung like a butterfly and you know Troy did play with Dan And also was on the same football team He said he played with him a little bit How many times but He said nothing ever came of that so anyway, Dan Marino hung like a midget according to what the great Troy Strathard The phenomenal dolphin running back during those grotesque awful years But I was pretty shocked that it came out with something that openly, you know I was going to try we always liked you so anyway 16,860 for abandoned per rescue and the best of meal stuff and What happened to the sheet that he was gonna give me? I mean he gained a thing with the number what happened with the thing about Joe and Marco went out in noon to to This McGill since he got married didn't we warn him? No, yeah his ass is where his head used to be he has not a clue He is ass upside down well first of all stop saying noon to two because I think that was why he took that sheet out of there Well, what do they gonna be you were really gonna be? It might be three to five oh Like I said he can't get his ass together But they're gonna be out somewhere with the best of meal stuff today and we'll go over 17 grand That's really not very bad not at all Huh considering we're just getting started wait till October of Emberty simmered is actually some people here. It'll be great Can I read this letter? Well, I got to give the results of the pool even though for Rellau already did it and he you know to see It sees the opportunity to do that. Yes, is the way of rubbing it in against Moe is all that was you're not pulling anybody's got It was the way of sticking it and Moe's back to which we say Yeah, nice going But we'll read it again you can ever read or especially what was such a you I mean I thought he did poorly on me I played by play and I actually he did we should have saved that we had three hundred and three votes I remember that and you notice Since he was bitching yesterday about our polls 1151 on this one. That's four that's almost 1500 votes on a weekday when there's nobody here So somebody must be out there if you catch my drip Somebody must be a listener must be monitoring maybe John black and four Lauderdale's monitoring Yeah, he's one of those monitoring type guys same same ilk He writes in the sunset letters to the other and I noticed right to the right and it to the far right of his letter Here's a cartoon editorial cartoon It says 21 century America and it shows a garbage truck and in the back here's the uh the thing with the 10 commandments on is that pathetic or what? Sad Patrick enters the Zitz fly out of James Woods puts also the same garbage truck Conscience clash John black chronic writer and right winger says the only reason that so many object to the public display of the 10 commandments or any other Judeo Christian objects has nothing to do with a law These people do not want to have their consciences seared Any object on display reminds them that there's an almighty God with whom they must give an account someday Oh, good writes John black and Fort Lauderdale See that this is this is what you're dealing with He says it therefore it's so and again this Judeo Christian to the Muslims believe it. You'll get how about the Hindu? How about atheists? Agnostic everybody else the the uh the uh Wikans Buddhist Buddhists Like a trist ran for with the world of golden boot on his head Huh? What? It's a golden booty. He's got a golden booty. That's what he said damn marino hand and a very tiny penis Oh, but booty does so anyway that should give you an idea one of them That's what our Paul's gonna be based on it. This whole religious thing because there's a big thing on a front page In the Heraldis morning religious battle in U.S. is building and they're trying to make this nutkane Peck look at that That's a centerpiece for so long judge Morris is famous. He's just this in Alabama Excellent He's charged with defying a court order good. I hope they throw his stupid ass in jail and all these new nutcases can What is Brian Cabelligan on CNN? That's how you once again Yeah, they just won't take no for an answer then. In other words forget about the constitution We got a better document right here. We got the Bible says this and we're gonna force it on you Whether what you want it or not as holy that a brand what's there? We're gonna force the noise that crazy anarchists Yeah, they're the crazy people This is one of the biggest problems in this country. I'm like just about any place else that I go to This is supposed to be so superior in sir and come to find out this country is taking gigantic steps back in the dark ages and of course just like everything else it starts at the top if the fish is rotten at the head Right sure If you find something rotting in the head Crap rolls down hill right And that's what we got in this country starting with the religious nut up there at least under the name of religion All over the rest of it is all like more Hanky, Panky and big business and big bucks Of course that's what religion is anyways not the big bucks tax free big bucks of course The biggest scan in the world look hey, I'm not gonna get all whipped up. Yes, I will please You know I thought for a few seconds about maybe today going back to the one to two not playing okay The company was I thought about that for a few seconds Yeah, I said are you out of your mind or what? Well, no, because there's nobody here now now because it it's really I don't know it's kind of like I feel like we're cheating like we're just taking our way through which we are Absolutely until next week till after labor day, but you know I feel like we're short changing the audience a little bit and you know what Talk crap They're short changing us. Yeah, they've been doing that for a long time So now pay back as a bitch and there's nothing wrong with those comedy bits I've tried it of mix it up a little bit put some good crap in there old stuff How's starting to squirm around in the chair? I shouldn't have eaten all that you should have stopped me yesterday That's bad. You know you should have come right in here and said are you out of your ever-fade in mind? I eat one of the pieces Yeah, and I ate about 50 Right oh and so in other words that was the favor you would do by eating one Me be that one would have been the last one or my answer oh I can't begin to take a rest of who died of your hand I'm going to get the ointment and the depositories the in the saw the soothing bulb those soothing bomb Man and just shove it all in back. Oh brother. I'm serious Last night I had a major excavation project to try to like get all that stuff back together again. Oh brother There is nothing like noise. You have a bedaid. Do you there are no I do not know Even there I don't have a bedaid Who the really although I do have like a world pool thing up there? But I don't have a bedaid I highly recommend you should probably have here a day on days like that when it out washed that thing out So in any rate quitting all that bacon I have some good news though Some sensational news for this audience about something you can eat not too much of don't overdo it Don't use it as an excuse to get carried away No, I'm sure what that was that is it like oh yeah, I'm coming to work this morning again It's I get almost to hear it. It's getting real dark which is not unusual. It's this neighborhood, you know But it's getting really dark. It looks like there's tornadoes on a way like the end of the world out there and show enough now I can hear it out there thunder and lightning and crap and rain this what did I just get through town? Yeah, this is not a place This is hell This right here your ass is burning in hell believe me. Maybe that's what happened to me with wasn't the bacon after all Boy, this is a horrendous place. Well, why don't you get out here if you're like it okay? Okay, no argument for me soon That there's some pretty ominous out there, huh? Yeah, that sounds like it was just rattling like a nuns Nuns were pulling like in the leaving a lot of ten pins 26 pat will look at a 710 split damn it 26 after 10 at 560 WQ and you have kids Well, let's so how about given them one of the comforts of home a new bedroom dialometrist boy the things that they can do on here You could make a list as long as you're arm by calling 1 800 mattressing in order or brand new mattress and dialometrist for that College student set them up right in that off-campus apartment where they're gonna be peddling a lot of drugs When you call 1 800 mattress this week and skip out there low prices on Sir to perfect sleepers a great option for students Consumers a rated sir to perfect sleepers a best buy and a dialometrist their course and even better buy special student deals on twins And fools and great prices and all sizes and comfort levels of sort of betting too And it doesn't matter where the college student is headed if they're gonna tell a hassy or like to a mobile with a banjo on their knee or Reast lancing or New York or Philly wherever the experts at dialometrist will make him feel like they're right at home So get that shirt of bed now by dialing 1 800 mattress you'll get service like you've been dreaming about like that kid in that picture on our website He's dreaming about it from the delivery team right number one in customer status faction son when you call dialometrist at 1 800 mattress You pick the day and time your delivery too with an any to our windows seven days week from 8 an a until 10 p.m Any day once convenient for you and your kids will be sleeping well the very first night with low prices same day delivery Free set of unremovillates easy to see why dialometrist is right the best in the universe in customer satisfaction and Everybody gets a student discount to at dialometrist so call right now. It's a tool free call Tell me across the old kneel toward you to call 1 800 mattress 1 800 mA TTR ES or check them on the web at Macros calm Dad Come in Feeling her place, young men Once and take your own set, I said young men, here's what you must do next. If you want to practice your faith young men, there's a place you can chill. I said young men, if you're a $3 bill, you can't break that. And then you may convert, they won't treat you like a perverse. His funds are breaking the affairs, no, concerts. His funds are breaking the affairs, no, concerts. Yeah, all right. Then the officials are not straight, and there is no doubt. His one was your first set, out. His funds are breaking the affairs, no, concerts. His funds are breaking the affairs, no, concerts. Okay. Okay. You're men, you men, we will let you run in. You're men, you men, we see shows who's not here. Our heart is squallly. It's just a football. 10. 13. 5. 6. You're men, you're men. We will let you run in. You're men, you're men, we see shows who's not here. Our heart is squallly. It's just a football. 13. 33 at 5. 6. You're w. You're w. How in Del Rey Beach, you're a facts. His men are in his rash. Here's the definition right from the old Dickson athlete. A thin slice of bacon or ham for frying or boiling, or second definition, a portion or serving of such slices. So that was more than a rash. In other words, a rash. He doesn't necessarily mean a specific number. It could be like a couple. About 30 men? We're bunch like I yesterday. That was disgusting. And it was delicious. Yeah. It was sensational. But just a little bit over the top and under the bottom. So I interrupted myself, which is good, because I haven't given a result from yesterday's poignant. It's already almost 10. 35. You see, there's a method my man is taking down. I never even talked about the dark chocolate things. I said I had good news. So this is great. I wouldn't say it's great, but it sure is a very effective and killing time. No, dark chocolate, which I have any one of those people who likes my chocolate dark. I like my people a little on a lighter side. But I like my chocolate dark. In fact, anybody darker than Malcolm, I would say, hey, you may be a very nice guy, but see ya. You know, I like my guys much more on the lighter side. Not pasty. What? Like me? Oh, oh, no, I don't. Ghostly. Yeah, Alice ghostly. But anyway, so dark chocolate, the new scan. Of course you're always skeptical about this, because every few months they're coming out with some scan, tomatoesaws, tomato products, good for prostate cancer for preventing against prostate cancer. All this stuff, you know? And it's always in the back of your mind, you think, well, they're trying to pedal some crap now. The new deal the other day, red wine, if you'd re-grade wine, it makes you live longer. And also probably bad for your roads. I don't think now is the time. Because actually, there are a lot of no there, lots of wines that have like only two or three carbs in like a glass. You don't want to get to sweet, fruity wine. You want a nice dry red wine. Try the wine. I never think. He, I'm better. Could have been good in Clockwork Orange too, you know? I lost that cart. We lost those in the mix. I never think. Fine. Which they did bring that back in that it would. And what is good, but in the like I said, you watch half an hour of it and then go have a good time. No, because it's just the same thing over. Eddie, Eddie, come help me, Eddie. I've got a problem over here. In fact, I wonder if Bella knew a beiner boy. So at any rate, what was I just saying? Well, about to dark chocolate. Yeah. So the new thing after the red wine right on the heels of that, there's a story in the American Medical, the Ure and all or whatever it is about dark chocolate. Eatin like three ounces. Of course, you do realize how much like you see that. Those two fingers. That's it. That's three ounces. Not a lot. As with anything moderation. Dark chocolate will lower your blood pressure. And I thought, yeah, sure. Right. So luckily in Walgreens, Chris, the end, please, all you people out there do not buy her She's chocolate. It's American. It's generic. It's someone who works crap. You'll ever have an history of your life. Anybody that eats her she's chocolate must have real goe shit taste. So come to that right now. It is so bland. And it's also like waxy. You know what I mean? No, no. Waxy build up. They have different kinds, but there are so many better kinds than her she's. No, no, you don't understand what I'm saying. Don't eat her she's chocolate. Period. Okay. Now if you're going to eat chocolate, eat good chocolate. I agree. Don't eat crap. It's like if you're going to eat spaghetti. Don't eat Franco Americans. Whatever you've learned. Don't eat Franco American out of your can. Seriously. I mean, how hard is it to throw some pasta in a pot? And those smears some sauce on it. And the same with chocolate. You go anywhere. You go to convenience store. You go to Walgreens. You go in a public. Anywhere's got like all kinds of chocolate now. Yeah, but sometimes you're at a friend's house. That's all they have. Well, I get some new friends. If your friends only have Hershey's chocolate and offer say fat and walk right out and slam it or in their face. You go to a bar in the bowl. The bowl of Hershey's kisses like on their coffee. Dude, everything like that. It's crap. Well, how did it get in your hand out of there? I dive into the bowl. All the time. Hershey's kisses. That is whatever. It's like a bite. You're going to take this one or fire. Don't ever wear it. Don't ever wear it. Vanilla. The same people like Vanilla ice cream. Well, like Hershey's chocolate. This is a lot of people. You know, it's crap. Anyway, what I'm staring to say is dark chocolate. So I go to Walgreens last night thinking, well, this is a really good idea. Let me test it out. Because when I'm back here, my blood pressure is a little bit higher than like when I'm in Toronto or anywhere. Like an Amsterdam anywhere, but here. Because first of all, here I got to drive. I got to come here and put up with all the idiots here. And I got to do this. You know, in this studio, it was supposed in the lap of luxury in my Toronto apartment. Right next to my bedroom. So my blood pressure is a little bit higher or nearly. So I thought, I went and that. I'll check this out. So I go and I'm looking through with a, as in any drugs during now, they've got a phenomenal selection of candy. I mean, every kind of candy, at least an America, and I'm American candy is pretty weak. Canada does have much better candy and ice cream. And government and lifestyle and bullying and curling and hockey. But at any rate. So, and drugs. So I go down to candy aisle and look at here. First there's Hershey's and obviously a lot of people out there saw that on the news. Because the Hershey's dark chocolate. You know how they have those big bars. The kind that are supposed to like be for a whole family, but I can eat in two minutes. You know, the wrong way. So they have to regular ones and they're like all stacked up. The whole thing is full. And then it's Hershey's dark chocolate, the same big one. And there's only one. The one I was in a front and the whole thing. Everything behind it is empty. Well, I look at that and I turned my nose up and said, fat to that. But I'm looking and looking and I see dove. Extra silky dark chocolate and these little thin bars. We're by the bags that had the individual. But the same thing. You listen to me. Little thin bars. So I get two of those which couldn't have been more than ounce. Max. Okay. And they are delicious. Delicious. Although, listen, don't. Now, see they also say like with a dark chocolate. And if you eat the kind it's like 7.0 cocoa, whatever. It doesn't raise your blood sugar, but it also tastes like bakers chopper. You don't want that taste like. Oh, bitter. I like bitter sweet. But this is like bitter bitter. Oh, nice. There's a threshold. Right. So don't assume that if you go and get the dove silky chocolate like I get that it's been like a nut. Send your sugar up a little bit. Not dramatically. And let's eat tons of it. But the good news is that I'm sitting there. I'm taking my blood pressure like every half hour. Just to see do my own little clinical test. If this really works and you don't want to do it. It worked. And my pressure this morning was the best it's been in in days since I've been back here. 139 over 82 before my pills. That's not bad. Not bad at all. No. And that's thanks to my goddamn mud dove. Extra dark, extra silky, extra delicious chocolate. So if you're going to get chocolate, get paragina, get what was the kind you were talking about? Lindor, which is great. That's from Switzerland or from wherever it is. Or, uh, could die, huh? Oh yeah. Or paragina from Italy. Get some good stuff. Don't be eaten like Hershey's chocolate. Even the guy will laugh you out of town. If they catch you eating Hershey's chocolate. They would award every year. Don't tell your ass to who does Hershey's. For what? For their chocolate? For scammed the regular barbed. Get out of here. Get crazy. It tastes like wax. It tastes like wax. It tastes like it as a paraphernal coating on it. Are you with the people who eat it McDonald's too? All right. Just because more people eat crab, you know? I'll say that. It's a good word. It's a good word. Garbage. Hershey's chocolate should be outlawed. They win awards. So? So does the Cindy Lauper okay? What does that mean? Winds awards. So they puffed the P.D. Win awards. 1155 votes on yesterday's pool. There should be a special award for Mo for this pool. What a job he did. That's two pools in the same day that he just absolutely crapped out. Wow. Why don't you listen to the Mo Howard David at show we asked yesterday? 1155 votes. This was the second pool of the day. It tremendous turnout. He's a pompous old ass. 440. What's that just might have been the correct answer? Absolutely. He's effing boring. 354. I don't give a Schmidt about sports to 119. I do listen. He's great. 94, which is only 8.1%. 8% of the audience. Which means 92% like Ferrell said, Thickies a piece of crap. And his muscular at his on two tight, 48 people said that. A grotesque showing two pools for the price of one on the same day for the Mo man. Boy they hate him. Absolutely. Like poison. Night like rat poison. 19 before 1155. 16. WCW got Joe Rose for the mad dog. A two-in-spider George keeps trying to make me change the schedule. It's the little dog on the day two. Hey, the mad dog is in New Orleans, man. He's having a few green lizards and purple lizards. Purple people leave his right now with the old Mo man. Trying to forget their troubles. And of course we got the 800 hour adult and pre-game show because we get a lot of spots in there. Starting at 4. Kick off is it 8 to pre-game shows at 4. And the only reason we're doing that. Absolutely. It's because we can make an accraftload of money in there. We're like, how many spots an hour we run? About 3 to man. During that pre-game show because it's just it's filler just to run while the spots in. 18 before 11 at 5. 60 WCWM if you're underpaid if you're overworked underappreciated. Maybe your mom is a crack hole. I'm not putting that in the spot like for real. Do you hear him do that? No, because you don't listen. Well, he did. And maybe maybe your mom is a crack hole, George. How would you like to have a new you only wish? What a step up that would be. I'd like to have a new high-paying career before years in. Pick up the phone and call our buddies at fast train toll free at 1.8.6. Fast train. They can have you train in certified for a real job and a real life before the end of the year in a real paycheck that goes with all that. The demand for computer professionals continues to grow. So there's no better time than rat now to obtain a new high-paying career. Fast train offers job placement assistance, convenient day evening weekend schedules. And with six locations in Florida, including two nearby Tampa by the way Todd, there's about to be one nearby you. Fast train offers financial assistance for those who qualify as well. So call fast train today and they'll explain it to you how you can see goodbye to your boss. Now, crappy dead end job. You get on the way real fast to a real job and a big fat paycheck. Call 1. 866 Fast train. There's no excuse to stay near dead end job. Another minute. Check them out on the Bible if you're like at fast train.com. And then call them toll free at 1.866 Fast train. Fast train. Fast train. Fast train local. We are sports radio 566, you and you and you and you and you. Yeah. Cool. God. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 4. He wants to change his life. I'll pay the end no wife. God knows what his kid has in store. 2. 2. 3. 2. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. There's no more far as we'll. Plague lets make a deal. And when he feeds he sits, not sen. The hardest 12 inches in football. 12 minutes before 11 or 5. 60 WM. How do you like that? Everybody's got 12 centimeters. And back to looking at number 1, Bo vote in the poll. 12. That's the magic number. If I'm you, I'd the doubles going to be one two. Got it? Final score in a game. Whatever game you're betting on. 12. Here's the new poll, generally speaking, which religious group in the US is the most fanatic. Now I have a listing here and I may have left some out of only got five. Born again, Christians have got 12 out of the first 15 votes. See, audience is clever. They realize that Eric swaps the poll on their, you know, in the middle of the hour. And so they like to hop on their right away, which is good. Muslims, too, Catholics, one, and Muslims don't have any Orthodox Jews have done so far. All the Orthodox Jews, of course, are. I can't even find a word for it. But nevertheless, I'm talking about the real Getski's like you, Lieberman, that crowd. Right. And you're former accountant that's got the Talas and the Tiffil and all that crap. Certainly qualify, but more subtle than the fuckingists. I mean, I want to throw a brook through your window and brook through them because you're not the Orthodox, that's pretty subtle. No, but like the other ones are on the news right now. Well, at least you have the Orthodox Jews aren't killing any abortion doctors yet. Yeah. Yeah. So it's like coalition. But you know that whole thing about monkey sea monkey. Oh, yeah. How do you think I left any religion off that poll? Since this is a very of expertise. I think you got the fanatical ones covered. Yeah. For the encrations, Muslims, Catholics, Mormons or the, and maybe even Mormons don't belong on there. Although they do run around on those bicycles trying to convert everything in the northwest. Yes. The world power. Oh, and you talk right. And the environments in the world, like I said, that definitely below. Just ask or in snatch. He'll tell you. Now, what about the, the other ones have come around with a wax tower? What is that? Oh, they're already in crisis. But, oh, that's right. They're doing what was with the spacer. They just, just yell. They're just still run away. Yeah. They look kind of to the person. Yeah. Like the crazy people on the street corners. I want to say it again, boys and girls. Listen to me very carefully. Because you see him in Toronto. Any big city New York Chicago, any large real city. Of course, this is not in it. We don't have a real city here. But you'll see him on street corners in the downtown areas. And they're always hell, the final days are coming and get the good word and the turn to Jesus before it's really, and they're always crazy people. I mean, he look crazy. They're dressed like, they just slept in the dumpster overnight. They, you just look at them and say, oh, there's a crazy person. So that bears out what I've always tried to tell you on this program is the more religious somebody is the crazy or they are and air goal, the more dangerous they are. Now, generally, the people on the street corners, they're not all that dangerous because they're out there. You know, they're like writing front of you. Yeah, they keep an eye on them. Right. A lot of the rest of them, they're like insects. No see them. Right. And if you don't see him, you never know what they're going to be doing. Like especially at the abortion doctors, things like that. At the Applan Paranode Clinic, things like that. Look at that boy. Oh, boy. I think they hit the jackpot 35 votes born again, Christians 29 George. Waslam's three Mormons won. Orthodox Jews got one. Boy. And Catholics have one. So everybody's got something. Let's see, pre the reason I play that bit priest abuse case dropped out. This is really tragic. And I noticed that the local media once again, you people in the media are a bunch of imbecils. You're crazy people. You, I don't care what anybody says. The reason America's in the shape it is today, not because of George W. Bush, not because of Dick Cheney, not because of that or Rumswell, not because of Richard Puroler any of these fascists. It's because the American media, which again, that's the most important things in Bolin for colabine, even though we kind of glosses over when he shows the Canadians and where they get their news from and are watching the CBC. As opposed to the crap that's peddled for news and the way is presented as news. Now the story and the local media here about this Reverend Gwishard, Alvaro Gwishard, who was reinstated over on a beach. Oh, and well, the charges were dropped. And there was a big petition drive and people were crying and they welcomed him back. While let me just read you the story from today's hero that there are a son sentlet's buried on page 5b. Priest abuse case dropped. Time had expired for prosecution. The date County State Attorney's Office will not pursue a criminal case against the Reverend Ricardo Castellano say well-known priest, who met least four former alter boys of accused of molesting them. Prosecutors announced this week they're unable to pursue a criminal case against Castellano's because the statute of limitations that run out is that the same statute that they were arguing about Alabama? I don't know. According to Florida law, if a sexual assault victim is under the age of 12, there's no time limit to file charges, but the victim is 12 her older as were castellano secusers, the statute of limitations is four years. Four years? Regrettably, the statute of limitations laws like tying a prosecutor's hands state attorney Catherine, the friend and his rundal said shorts. Even if a crime was committed, all evidence corroborated, you cannot under the law prosecuted. It's very frustrating for victims and for prosecutors, it doesn't mean a crime did or didn't occur. A review team for the Archdiocese of Mommy has yet to decide whether the priest was suspended may have 2002 be reinstated. He still faces several civil lawsuits filed by former alter boys alleging the priest molested and fondled them in the 1970s and 80s. When the Broward and I hear comes in a very important part. When the Broward State Attorney's Office recently decided, it could not pursue a case against the Reverend Elvaro Gwishard on the same ground, the suspended priest was reinstated. We shard returned to his order and a standing ovation on Sunday, he has civil lawsuits also pending. Even if Gwishard is found guilty in civil court, his reinstatement may stand. Civil court is civil court, what our concern is what the state attorneys decision said, Archdiocese spokeswoman Mary Rosa Gosta, I can't predict what will happen with the civil lawsuits, however, main reinstalls is a priest and active ministry. That disappoints an attorney who filed two lawsuits on behalf of the accuses of Gwishard and Castellanos. We were quite surprised because their understanding was that the statute limitations expired. It had nothing to do with the merits of the case said attorney Jeff Herman. In other words, we don't believe the state attorney has in any way cleared father Gwishard of any wrongdoing. It baffles us as to what motivated the Archdiocese to reinstate him. They're right there. There's what it's all about, okay? All of that dog and pony show they put on to big meetings in Dallas and the Pope of the Old Ropadopo, but they're all these gatherings they had in the powwows and confads. All of that crap. That's all it was was just a dog and pony show like a toad. It's just to try to show everybody up especially the Boston Globe. Shouldn't baffle anyone. No, it shouldn't baffle anybody because that's the thing. Denye and hide and lie. Just like Nixon said, you know, you can always say you don't remember, you don't forget and stonewall on all these things. Even the fags in New York never saw stonewall like this. That's right. I got to read that last line again. It baffles us as to what motivated the Archdiocese to reinstate him. I know that it was just a technicality that the statute limitations were on. Nobody said he didn't do these things. In fact, they had a whole bunch of very legitimate and credible allegations. But, and this statement from this Mary Ross Augusta bitch at the Catholic Archdiocese, this is unbelievable. Civil court is civil court. What our concern is what the state of attorney's decision. So in other words, if he can't be prosecuted criminally, even if civily, he's found to be liable just like, oh, just about any of it. They don't give a crap. Just get off our backs already. Okay. Leave us a little. See, we'd like them to get off the alterboys, back to what we'd like. And fronts and bottoms and private parts. Good gun. All hard as 12 inches in football. Yeah. So there you go again. There's one more reason why you ought to be abandoning all his religious bullcraft. If you have even just a teeny tiny brain and a willpower to say, hey, I was brainwashed as a child. But that's what I was a little naive stupid little kid who wasn't old enough to understand. Now I'm an adult. I have my own mind. And I'm going to say, fuck, to all of that crap. That's what you ought to be saying. They can't. Well, they should. And some of us can and have someone who says emotional cripple a lot. Yeah. Right. The perfect because they can't face the fact that we're going to die. Oh, Bob, hope died. No, we didn't. Well, he's doing USO shows in the sky. Well, I hate to say it, but there's going to be a lot of dead service people up there in the sky from the show. Because we keep having our people too more killed in Iraq yesterday. Standing room. Thanks to our religious fanatic president who of course is so religious that he believes in all kinds of killing and being killed in the bring them on, bring them on, and all bring them on, shoot them off all of that crap. This is this is tragic what's going on in this country right now. And here I'm getting a side about it. Is if I'm going to make a difference. No, it's not good. That's entertaining. We're giving me some dark chocolate. My blood pressure is going on. I'll be right back. 1057 at 560 W to Q AM. Let me tell you about your hair right now. Now, I want you to go to theorgias.com and write above the picture of a kid who's having a dream and the pitch in the tent. Write above that. Maybe he's dreaming about Mo. There is Mo. And there's all those different hairdo's. There's the one with a condom and all these different things. They all look ridiculous. And you know what? Most guys who have those pieces. They look ridiculous. Everybody laughs at him behind their back. That's why you want to get the most amazing natural hairline system in the world for my good buddy Charles Alpheary. Not only won't they laugh at you but they'll think it's your real hair because it looks like we'll hair grown out of your scalp as opposed to like maybe a dead animal that fell to eight through the roof and fell on your head while you went bed. That's definitely a possibility. That could be what happened to Mo. Maybe he had a musk rat in the attic. It clawed its way through the roof and just like right on his head while he was sound asleep. Right now Charlie's offering a summer special hair system on that natural hairline system. Only 549 bucks gets your great looking head ahead for first time customers. If you already have a hair system you can save 50% on service and repair on all kinds of hair systems including shampoo and trim. And of course we're talking no dangerous drugs, no holes in the head, no mobsy looking piece. Just a great look that'll make you look younger and better than you ever dreamed you could again. There's no obligation and Charlie gives it a 30 day guarantee after 30 days of wearing a system. If you know it'll look better when younger than you ever dreamed if you're getting all kinds of action like 15, 20, 30 times a day return it for a full refund. No questions asked. So call Charlie today and get that full hair hair going instead of the Mo look called toll free 1-800-321-2413 and change your life forever. 1-800-321-2413 are check out on the Wicked World Wide Web at CharlesAlphieri.com. But the Lord even loves Neorodges.ammggngngngngngnggng intersection band, That's the moon. Be like a ghost in town. You do burn and sprain out my home. Back to me. I gotta please my leg of fire. I ask you if I can stop fire. And I feel just back up dying for burn and roar. I gotta touch the fire. I gotta touch the fire. I gotta touch the fire. I gotta re- I gotta re- I gotta re- I gotta re- I gotta re- I gotta re- I gotta re- I gotta be a rash for me, a rash you're a bacon. It's 11.03.5.60 or several rashes a bacon. What are you gonna watch? Don't do that again to me. How is it's really great? I like the way it's really crispy like then. But you'll know this. It's also like real greasy. Wow. Are you gonna get around there? No no. I see generally speaking like for example there's the Sniders, a microwave bacon which I can't find here unfortunately because four mls microwave bacon blows. Yeah. But in the throttle I get like sniders. The microwave bacon and the long view put it in. It gets a little bit crispy. Put it on paper towel and microwave. And you put it on the paper towel. And then when you finish cooking it you turn it over so the paper towel absorbs as much of the grease and smooth as possible. You soft it up. Yeah. It stops it up. But the stuff I was eating yesterday. Wow. It's like I had like a whole bunch of valleys. That's an old red and a bacon. I can't a lube job. For them to individually paper towel each side. Of course. Parents is it's always a good idea to get a lube job before. You get deeply involved. Anyway, you know the people- You saw the people that were like in fact the ones that are still there in my country. They're a bunch of mugwams. I wrote that word down because there's no other way I can describe them. I mean there are a lot of other adjectives you could use that would be adequate. But mugwams I think some sit up beautifully. That's what they are. They come from Kentucky and it come from places like Taylor Michigan, which is a suburb of Deterah Wall or Rednix. Live in Web the 80 Pongera of Asseline on the TV set. Mugwams. Right. The trailer people. Sure. The people who watch series bringer. The people that are ongers. Exactly. The people that are in the audience go, Jerry! Jerry! Right. That's the crowd. The mugwams. The board again. Loona. Actually these people I take that bag. These people would like to springer off the year. So I take that bag. Oh, seriously. These are these people. Oh, that's the devil is behind that. And I was born. All of that stuff. So I take that bag. Now I can do a springer credit. He has found his niche. He found what he merken people wants. He gives it to them. He's making money. Lowest common to know that. He's a greatest business man. I've ever seen. Mugwams. UCF Kenny said is welcome back to this smith hole. Not for long Kenny. Believe me. I'll be out of here before you know. I'll be you to hear. And but he has a clearly. Your hope is witness is ought to be on there. Now the question again is. Generally speaking, which religious group. And he was the most fanatic. Now when you go around door to door, hand it out them watch tower booklets and talking about how the world is going to end any minute now. Which when I was a little kid about 100 years ago, there was still loona same thing. And we're still all here. Sure. But they belong on there. You're hoping to win. Well, it's not because I'm thinking of finatic as in malicious. The word we're going to believe in. We didn't say malicious. Right. Huh. Ha ha ha ha ha. One. Oh, we're now is that we didn't say malicious. No, we didn't say that. Or even dangerous. We didn't say. I love that malicious. But we said, uh, how about delicious. That's him. We said the most fanatic. And as you always witness is, they are committed. And of course, most of them ought to be. So there you go. You see, if Kenny will get that on your fair his paying attention, which I'm sure he has because he's really been right on top of it. You know, it's really great. Thanks again to Albert who created that new mothing. That's on theorages.com. Would you better check out today for a few yucks? It's a beautiful thing. Right above the kid who's pitching the tent. But it's really a wonderful now that we, you know, email stuff to Eric. It's on their faster than you can say, uh, heart attack, you know. What? Well, I could cover a whole lot of people. Actually, then you could say spastic attack on the floor. Things like that. Or like when I email them all the bedtime stories in evening and they're on or like even sometimes before they early morning. Nice going, Eric, you're doing it, baby. We always knew we had it in the end. We just had to embarrass you in the doing it. Because it's a, it's a, it's a work of love. It's a labor of love. 1209 votes on his pool already. She, I think we're, I'm making some progress here. I think we're getting some of the people back who tune Georgia. I mean, uh, we're coming back. Yeah, listen, there's nobody here. Don't feel bad. You beat the crap out of them all. You had a big number in there in July. Of course, I figured it out. I was like on half of that, but at any rate. See, August is your, this is going to be interesting when comes about the 15th of September. The August month comes up. If you can hold your own in August. Yeah. Because don't forget, I had that hold the first week of August completely off. I was an Amsterdam, right? Chasing around all kinds of good people. But at any rate, also you're on the last week of August. Yeah. Yeah, but the balance down. To try to come back here and put the pieces together after you've dropped, dump the empty on the floor. It's not all that easy. I mean, I'm on, but like, uh, everybody's waiting around tuning in his kneel back yet. Plus, of course, the people that like you, they're all gone. Now, because I'm back. That's not true. Get out of here. You've got your own little core of, of little swingers, asslickers, heterosexual fetishists, uh, you know, drug-y drug addicts. That's right. People have listened because they know that every now and then you speak in code. You give out the address where you're going to be a pedaling tonight. It only talked to users, not abusers. I see. Speaking of heart attack on the flow. 133 votes. Generally speaking, which religious group in the US is the more, you know, that I've been on today is the fourth day I come back to town. Have we had one woman call this show all week? I don't think so. But see, I've given up on her whole, because we have no women listen to this station. But I had a couple of facts. This is from some isolated. Have I had one call because we're doing a screamless? Forget about it. No, no, seriously. It's just, it's amazing. I decided we're going to talk about them, not to them. Well, that's not very nice. See, now the one of those heterosexuals. This is once a use woman to pleasure yourself. No, I used to think, how do I do that? That's it. You have no respect for women. I used to have respect for women. But you don't anymore. Then I got married. I see. Well, I can understand that. You got two daughters now though. That's right. You have respect for one of them. The one you didn't try to stuck in the dumpster. 133 votes on a poll so far. I'll get to this. Well, this is going to be great today. I don't know what it is. It's the fact that they found that rat in my attic. Of course, where there's one right. Oh, family. There could be, there could be mole. moleicious. Yeah. Do you know what I'm saying? In fact, wouldn't surprise me to find one of them hairpieces lying around up in there? They'll be back. What do you mean by that? I've had like five different. What do you mean they'll be back? I don't know. How do you know there was more than one? There was no nest or anything up there. It's not solitary creatures. I see. Like the rats under the shed. It's not surprising that shed like five times already. And they still keep coming back from mole. A new bat that could come back from mole. I'll be damned. Well, I guess you're not using exactly the good kind of poison. But you know, understand what they're what they do is they like see when you have those. I don't want to get into this whole thing about pest control because it's boring. But the drain pipes on the roof. Well, they're open. They're open. And that's one of the ways that they get in right. But what the, these critical control people lose, they like, they put like screening on them. That's, they can't chew through or whatever. Yeah, right. Allegedly they can chew through tungsten. Really? Yeah. So do what I'm going to spend that money to have them do that? Because otherwise they'll take over your house. Oh, so they're like putting the screening on and do all of that. So, and of course, if they're happy to be anybody still up in there, which there aren't because as of yesterday, he was the only one who is alone the lone screen. So he's dead. And I was like, okay, but they said it was a big one. A big rat. And I said it was the malicious. And they said, yeah. They said he's from the Head Start program on your early morning show. Born again, Christians, phonetic, the most. 117, not 152 votes. Uh, I don't want to, I know we have some board again, Christians out there in the audience. I don't want you to feel bad, but we don't like you. And most of America's scared crapples of you because we know you're crazy people. And we know that you won't take no for an answer. That's the most scary part. Just like Judge Moore in Alabama, if he wants to believe whatever it is, he wants, if he wants to go read the 10 commandments in Sunday school in church, in Shul, where would he have he wants? Fine, no problem. That's what freedom of religious supposed to be. Not foisting it, not putting it in places where it's specifically prohibited by the constitution. Not foisting it on a public and public pays places where jar subsides by taxpayer money. Very simple. There's nothing complicated about it at all. It's very simple even a mugwump, a moron could understand it. Oh, he understands. But instead, you got all these people there. Oh, and when I love about these mugwums, they're not only leaning down in praying, but they get they close their eyes and they get that real. Oh, God. God. And I like to like to harder they pray in the moron, and the more they scrunch up their face, the more God is going to listen to their bull crap, you know? If you beat yourself with a chain, that helps too. That's really effective. Born again, Christians are 125. I told Mototry. Volicious. Muslims, 19, Orthodox Jews, 16. They're going to make some progress. I've told you, boy, they are. Not for me. What? What? I'm going to tell you right now, the Orthodox Jews man. Wow. What is he? Can do. Another place. The whole ambiance of that. Yeah, like over there in the Middle East. That fast we had yesterday. We had the right idea. Let's just get there a lot of there. Let him kill each other and have a good time doing it. Catholics, three, Mormons, two, to hope his witness is a pair. And now, you see how much it's going to cost us in a rack by the way? Oh, Billion a week. And that's just for what we're doing right now. Just to get the electricity on and keep it on, just to get the water running again and do all of these basic things. Just to start creating some funny jobs. Billions and billions and billions. So the $400 billion deficit they predicted for next year. That small potatoes now is going to be more like 500 billion. But you keep forgetting something. Yeah, the people are starving to death and people can't find a guy named Job. No, that's not that. It's worth it. That's what we're helping to create tear. I mean, a fight tear. Well, I mean, you got to create tear before you can put it. 1113 at 560 W. If you have need to set your home fast, fast cash home buyers buys houses fast, hassle free. Fast cash home buyers buys houses in a condition location in for any reason. You've decided your house fast is your house need a new roof, flooring, rent any other repairs. Don't throw money away. I'm cost the repairs do the smart thing called Rod today. Tool free at 1 8 6 6 7 8 5 fast to an obligation to hassle free offer. At fast cash home buyers, they can upsell those house problems. Do you have a vacant house? Maybe you're tired of dealing with a problem 10 it. Or you're going to reveal smelling nasty messy divorce. Call fast cash home buyers. Maybe you're one two or three or whole bunch of payments behind. Or you inherited a property that you'd love to get rid of. Call fast cash home buyers because they can help you out. Call ride today. Tool free. 18 6 6 7 8 5 fast and let fast cash home buyers give you a piece of mind that you be looking for. Fast cash home buyers will buy your house today. And here's another really good thing. You won't have to pay a penny in real estate commissions either. So call rod. Tool free. Check this out. 18 6 7 8 5 fast. FAS. FAS. FAS. FAS. FAS. FAS. FAS. FAS. FAS. FAS. FAS. FAS. FAS. FAS. FAS. FAS. FAS. FAS. FAS. FAS. FAS. FAS.far. FAS. FAS. FAS. FAS. FAS. FAS. FAS. FAS. FAS. WSM. FAS. FAS. FAS. FAS. FAS. FAS. FAS. I'm gonna take you to the beach. I will drag you and send my poor job away. If you still wanna visit after I drag your ass away. I'll get on a bus. I'll come to your house and I'll knock till I'm blue in the face. So don't you come on life in. Because I'm the winning me high in my own home. Oh, no, three. How many of you have been here? We just discovered here some good news for you. How many years is it going to take for students to maintain the current education level in the state of Florida? About 30? About six months. Yeah, because they want to do this thing. You know, kids go into school for three years. To high school set of four. Well, how about five weeks? Sounds good. What am I getting a difference? Cause they're not learning enough in any way. It's Florida. See, this person who keeps from surf side, keeps passing me that you've been doing it for years. I'm a quick trying to set the agenda. I mean, that's like farting into a win store. Get out of my face. Let's read the intelligent facts. Is like this one. Which one do you hear this? High Neil in George. Why not to make cards? Is that the correct word of colors anymore? Like, that's the American F and Way or absolutely correct. Sir Rick and Suds quit making cards of colors and look what happened to them. Is you're not making any cards of sign of things to come? Sign me. About 30 man. Which by the way, that's not a color that says. About 30 man. That's from a bit. That's old dirty. That's dirty bastard. Yeah. So anyway, thanks so much for waiting at peace of paper. You're more on you. We do. When something comes up, it's a good thing. If there's something good, you'll hear it on your show. For example, I mean, somebody, and I want we need to thank whoever appointed a son because I guess I guess they had it near the sports nerd people had it. But until today, we didn't have it. The hardest 12 inches in football. But sooner or later, we go and we grab it. Since they've stolen so much from us saying, I can't believe the stuff that they play in there. Where? Our, our, our, that they play. Yeah. What? Yeah. Our stuff. Well, see, our bonuses are all intertwined with each other, so they need help. Oh, that's obvious. Since certain shows, I don't want to mention none in particular. The hardest 12 inches in football. Generally, not, not, not, not. Listen to that again. Listen carefully to what he like kind of chuckle through. The hardest 12 inches in the, yeah. There you go. Like a dirty laugh. You dirty old man. You silly old, cute, you, sumca. Oh, man, he only wishes. I think he's got like, just like me. He's got the decimal point between a one and a two on that number. Right. Hey, you know something? You do the best you can. It breaks my heart, but just one of those things. Generally speaking, which will it just groups in the US as the most fanatic? Which group? Born again, Christians. You got it hands down. Everybody's pants, man. Stop the intolerance. Now, stop it. Cut the crap. I'm going to start the intolerance. Born again, Christian. Born again, Christians. 143. That's almost 74% of this audience out of 194 votes. Muslims 22. See, all we've painted the Muslims with the broad brush. In fact, wasn't it the born again, Christians that were talking about their gutter religion and about how violent they are. Yeah, I don't see no Muslims burning down abortion clinics, but shooting abortion doctors are doing all of these things. I don't see no Muslims bubbling up buildings in Oklahoma City. Yeah, they're visuals. The turn can probably do a hell of a job in New York. But that's another story. Orthodox Jews 20. Your hope is witnesses for Catholics 3 and Mormons 2. It's because they dress so nice. They're nice and neat. They're nice and neat. They're nice and neat. They're nice and neat. They know better than to come to my house. Really? Well, for several reasons, two that I can think of. Number one, I don't want no religious nuts bugging me. Number two, those good looking guy. I mean, if they're like, no, I check ID if they're like 18. No, seriously, generally the Mormons are looking pretty good. Remember Steve Young when he was like a kid, I know you don't bring him young. No, many, many more. And it's she look good, that's Steve Young. Huh? Northwest is right with morbid. Woo. Nice looking boy Young man. Yeah. And of course, they got that magic underwear to protect their private. Anyway, here's the facts on how you do hope as witnesses that said, we'll get some calls on here eventually when I get around. We got an hour and a half to go to a little bit one two hour. But this is smoking by her today and way to read all these promos. We got the one for Joe and Mark and Clarence gave me this long, long promo. And of course, we got to read it several times because it's about the station schedule for sports today, which goes on forever. It's a football Thursday folks. Yeah. It's football night in Canada or wherever it is how we are. Facts as you hope as witnesses, I think the most recent 80 to this morning. What? A very sexy sounding lady on my inner com. She duped me for a while and the Bible is what she wanted to talk about. It did cross my mind when fighter in and have fun, but I said, no, is the ring chance of converting them? Don't the Christian else call themselves Baptists. So please stick them on a pool. Baptists aren't they born again Christians? Yes, most. I don't know how to ride these. It bats us, but generally speaking. Yeah, the Batboy or fundamentalists. Well, we're talking about the fundamentalists of Baptists. They were the ones they were counting at. The dangerous people. Jesus Christ, Jesus Christ, Jesus, all those people. All that crap. The Jesus Christ is his Gorvadel says. The freaking God squad. Get out of my face with your bullcraft. There's only one God. There you go. And that's all you need to know. Okay, here's the first promo. We got Joe and Mark, the lowly rated. I mean, highly rated Joe and Mark between three and five this afternoon. What does Joe say about that about those numbers? Is he like indenial? Haven't discussed it with him yet. Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? I know who's hot. Who's hot. I'm so sick and tear to hear about that. Who's hot crap? I thought what I was thinking of. That's what you always say. I always say to you, well, what do you talk with Joe about if you don't talk about this business. Oh, who's hot? Who's hot? Okay. Who's hot? His wife. Uh, Joe and Mark three to five this afternoon at the singular wireless at 203 35. The whiskey and pull about in the aventura and they'll have all the good stuff. They have the best of the year, uh, 2002 2000s BC these because that's the lab has wife alone. Okay, you've heard. And I'm all Howard David and key chains. They'll have. There you go. And they'll have the best in the year 2001 CDs. We found a treasure trove of a few leftover. I don't know how many, but I'm not gonna bash. A stash. And the Jim Madness key chains. They limited supply that we found. That we didn't even know that we had. See, just like we used to collect action figures and have them fight each other. Right. Remember, you can do that. Or it's like collecting bobblehead dolls. You can collect key chains in the ammo and mad dog. So there you go. They kind of fit in. So to speak. 16,860. Seguant and buy your best in the old stuff and say how to do a Mark 3 to 5 to the second one. So I'm gonna go to the next one. So I'm gonna go to the next one. So I'm gonna go to the next one. So I'm gonna go to the next one. So I'm gonna go to the next one. So I'm gonna go to the next one. So I'm gonna go to the next one. So I'm gonna go to the next one. So I'm gonna go to the next one. So I'm gonna go to the next one. So I'm gonna go to the next one. So I'm gonna go to the next one. So I'm gonna go to the next one. So I'm gonna go to the next one. So I'm gonna go to the next one. So I'm gonna go to the next one. So I'm gonna go to the next one. So I'm gonna go to the next one. So I'm gonna go to the next one. So I'm gonna go to the next one. So I'm gonna go to the next one. So I'm gonna go to the next one. So I'm gonna go to the next one. So I'm gonna go to the next one. So I'm gonna go to the next one. So I'm gonna go to the next one. So I'm gonna go to the next one. So I'm gonna go to the next one. So I'm gonna go to the next one. So I'm gonna go to the next one. So I'm gonna go to the next one. So I'm gonna go to the next one. So I'm gonna go to the next one. So I'm gonna go to the next one. So I'm gonna go to the next one. So I'm gonna go to the next one. So I'm gonna go to the next one. So I'm gonna go to the next one. So I'm gonna go to the next one. So I'm gonna go to the next one. So I'm gonna go to the next one. So I'm gonna go to the next one. So I'm gonna go to the next one. So I'm gonna go to the next one. So I'm gonna go to the next one. So I'm gonna go to the next one. So I'm gonna go to the next one. So I'm gonna go to the next one. So I'm gonna go to the next one. So I'm gonna go to the next one. So I'm gonna go to the next one. So I'm gonna go to the next one. So I'm gonna go to the next one. So I'm gonna go to the next one. So last person I'm gonna go to the next one. So last person I'm gonna go to the next one. So last person I'm gonna go to the next one. So last person I'm gonna go to the next one. So last person I'm gonna go to the next one. So last person I'm gonna go to the next one. So last person I'm gonna go to the next one. So last person I'm gonna go to the next one. So last person I'm gonna go to the next one. So last person I'm gonna go to the next one. So last person I'm gonna go to the next one. So last person I'm gonna go to the next one. So last person I'm gonna go to the next one. So last person I'm gonna go to the next one. So last person I'm gonna go to the next one. So last person I'm gonna go to the next one. So last person I'm gonna go to the next one. So last person I'm gonna go to the next one. So last person I'm gonna go to the next one. So last person I'm gonna go to the next one. So last person I'm gonna go to the next one. So last person I'm gonna go to the next one. So last person I'm gonna go to the next one. So last person I'm gonna go to the next one. So last person I'm gonna go to the next one. So last person I'm gonna go to the next one. So last person I'm gonna go to the next one. So last person I'm gonna go to the next one. So last one. So last person I'm gonna be gonna go to the next one So last person I'm gonna go to the next one. So first one. First person. Okay so last person. And first person I'm gonna go to the next one. This person I'm gonna go with. This is our song that only wanted to go through. Let's try it out. Thank you very much. I enjoy the other kind of song of music. Alright. You're so awesome! You way in! Twice, can you believe that? Welcome home. Three times. I'm dying of a hair. Take your golden job in. I ain't gonna work in it no more. I've had enough of all the brim and hair fairies and hair, and no more. But you do. I'm getting tired of getting money away. You're all a Christian, a corporate horse. You can take your golden job in. I ain't a person in no more. Well, I was a Christian, soldier of God. Believe her, all these years. All that time I followed, everyone of the scriptures, written by queer spirits. Yes. Catch these, take these a powerful gun, and then I'm on one and a mighty way. Excepting I'm 11, when he must have been gone, on a bus friend's holiday. Take your golden job in. I ain't gonna work in it no more. You're the hero right. If you're with us, because everybody else is wrong. Because I'm getting tired of watching people die. In the name of an invisible Lord. Take your golden job in. I ain't worship in it no more. Take your golden job in. I ain't worship in no more. Pretty soldier killed in convoy attack and erect. There's another one. I just mentioned that in passing. Boy, it must be nasty out there. I hear thunder and I even hear the lightning. Pitch black. Is it really? It's under water. And bottom of the ocean. Welcome back to South Florida, Neil. We got the crash and we got the crap. We got the humidity. We got pouring down rain. Put up their net. Here's the facts from Mario and Cooper City, who says best cheap commercial American chocolate. You'll find it while Reigns are wherever. Those big purple cadbury's fruit and mix or almond roast or dairy milk. Cadbury's is American? I don't think so. I thought Cadbury's is like English. Don't know. Huh? And Cadbury's is made by is it nestle's or not Hershey? I don't know. I'm pretty important. Cadbury's is good. Yeah. Of course fruit nut. I'll pass on that. I don't like candy with fruit in it. In a like with raisins? There are. Ooh. Like almonds. It would not be good. The almond roast is very good. Nice going, Mario. You got a good point on it. You got a good time on it. But they got, well, I mean, you can go into Walreigns and they got better stuff than Cadbury. Sure. Like for example. Like I said, huh? The dove is very, very good. The dove by the back. The duff bar. 567. 560. 560 on the AT. What's happening now in there? Not just the inner com. I got to leave it on in case there's an emergency. But it's loud today for some reason. Is it really? Well, maybe because we have electrical problems in here because everything is screwed up and the world is coming to an end. Big Arnie, who's one of our chronic facts. Who says Hershey's is direct. It's trif. Oh, I didn't know that. You'll go to your burn and hell if you eat Hershey's. Can dark chocolate really lower blood pressure? Well, that's what they're saying now. And it seemed to work for me. Of course, in one day you wouldn't expect to see any results. I thought I would try it over next month or two. It'd be a good excuse. Sure. No, but I saw tangible results. Right in front of my eye. It's as how about dark women. Well, I'll leave that to you, Ernie. Okay. Arnie, whatever your name is. Look at that 177 generally speaking, which religious group in the US is the most fanatic. 177 of you's out of 248 say, born again, Christians. 177. Muslim is 28. Orthodox Jews 22. To hope his witnesses 14. I totally, they belong down there. Yeah, yeah, yeah. A toilet just, you know, they're not blocking the table. They belong on there. They're annoying. Yeah, the assholes. Catholics for Mormons 3. Good morning. Good morning. Yes, sir. Hi. How you doing today? Pretty good. Hey, uh, well, you're quick. I didn't even have the thing that buttoned down all the way. You didn't have the thing down. Didn't have my thing down. Oh, no. Anyway, um, the other day on your poll, you took about the, uh, your favorite self-portal, personality, that's forgot he died. Um, Glen Winkers. Yeah, he was on there. Yeah, no. I voted for the bird. But Glen Winker was up here in Orlando on Channel 6 for about three years. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The he did a cancer. He was pretty good. Good. He was on Channel 10, right? Uh, I don't know where he was on there, but he was up in Orlando on Channel 6 there for about three years. I'll be there. Well, you know, most people have moved to Orlando, they die. Yeah, that's true. Sooner later. Uh, about the bird. Yes. I told you long before he was with you. And, uh, over on the Space Coast, one of the first FM talk, 40 stations out of Cocoa was to be archaic. Right. That's right. He was on rocket radio right. He was, uh, like program director. I guess I can 71. But, you know, Do I have Doug Rollin and interrupt you? Okay. He's trying to get you from the grave. Be quiet, bird. He's trying to get you from the grave. He's trying to get you from the grave. He's trying to get you from the grave. But, I have to take or something of when he was with you. I've been listening to you since 1990, but... Oh, we got a whole stand. Come over here. Long before then. They're going to come over here. Here's an idea. No. You can put those on a CD. Yeah. I got you. And you could, uh, you'd buy it. Nidelet, nil Rogers gives us the bird. You could write US. All right. That's not too bad. But, we'll have a commodity meeting on it. Thanks, Bill. Okay. You're going to be a little bit more. Okay. He was okay. Even though you're giving me all kinds of looks. Warren and Boca says, I just read this on Yahoo. I'm at Syria Strans in US Saudi Relations. The Saudi Ambassadors are Washington at Former President George Bush that senior. On Wednesday, we'll meet Vice President Dick Cheney today. President Bondar Ben Sulton had lunch with Bush. Father been close confident under the current president. And Ken and Bunkport mean where the family is had a long day of a time vacation home. Got you, honey. Well, of course, they're in business together. You know? Like, Janko and the Don Coyoni. They're in bed to get any olive oil business together. They're in bed, exactly. Oh, and I'm so glad he mentioned something about the most wanted deck of cards. The war profit here is cards. Yeah, that's got the Bush and Cheney and them. But I'm glad Warren mentioned that because I wrote that down. This is one of the things that happens. You know, it's like a chicken in the air question. I mean, when they work in people, really, that's stupid to begin with. Or does the current group of lunatics that we have in there? Are they like making them? Are they dumbing down? Which I think both, both of you both. I mean, it were dumb to begin with, but now it's done more than dirt. For example, you know, it's everything now. And of course, again, thanks to the media. We couldn't have all of these things spreading like wildfire, like wildfires in Kalona, British Columbia. Unless we had, of course, the media to propagate this bull crap. I wrote down for them, the Akshusha Veeval, the evil doers, deck of cards, and the road map to peace. Everything is a cliche. The deck of cards. I mean, it's like we're talking about some kind of a freaking parlor game or something here. Oh, we just caught the Ace of Spades and we just caught the 10 of diamonds. I mean, it's like you're talking to a bunch of three-year-olds in a sandbox. Yeah. And of course, when you look at the president, with a deer in a headlights, look at the wrinkled furrowed brow, and a look of confusion and confusion on his post, you realize this is the level he can operate on. He's a moron. And that's an insult to legitimate morons from coast to coast. He's an imbosil. And a very dangerous one. He's got his finger on a button. He's spent at billions and billions and billions. I wonder what was a great article, but I couldn't email it to Eric Dammit. Where'd he held it? I find it. Maybe it was on BuzzFlasch. About the P-NAC people and about this is their whole concept of what they're doing, you know? Of taking all the money away from social programs and funneling it all to the wealthy and the big corporations. For example, this thing about the air pollution, forget about, yeah, of course we realize there's no such thing as global warming, which is why we just finished with 150 degrees in all over Europe, liberal conspiracy. Right. There's no such thing as global warming. There's no such thing as pollution in the erosion of the ozone layer. Of course not. So let's just let all of big business. They'll know them regulate themselves. That's a way to do it. Sure. They're nice people. Right. Just like our good friends at the EPA, you said, ah, listen, no problem there in New York. That thing at the Twin Towers was a very unfortunate thing. But the air was fit to breathe. Everybody's healthy. And like that, you know. They're gagging on it. At the behest of course of these liars that we have in Washington. I'm going to say it again. I don't know. There's nothing I can do. I can't make any changes. I've just told you the goddamn truth. If this was a country of people with an intellect larger than their goddamn penis. You know what I'm talking about? The hardest 12 inches in football. Then there'd be impeachment proceedings going on right now. People would be foaming at them out. There are kids. Your kids. They're over there dying every day based on a spack of lies. Based on a pack of total lies. Oh, but I'll kind of was connected with something. Now they actually hated each other like poison. And now they're coming out the new door and rich uranium. Oh, yeah. And now they're trying to say, well, they found traces of uranium here. Right. You see the news reports now where our own general, they're saying, oh, we're making strange bedfellos of all of the people over there. Now the alchita fragments are joining up with the what's left of the bath part. Right. And they're forming a coalition where they weren't involved in it. Right. That's what that's what I'm saying. That's why I keep saying that we're creating terrorism that we're the threat that didn't exist before. Iraq was of absolutely no threat to this country. Not a little bit of a threat. Not maybe someday a threat zero none. N-U-N. None of the above. We're supposed to be no five six. You a-A-A. No, no, no, no, no. It's our move, baby. But all you sweet kids have problems is that that's what's here. It's the rule of law, baby. I got to know the twist. That's what I'm talking about. I'm not talking about the twist. That we caught on our 12-year. That that's the twist. There won't be no answers to this. I've got to do right for me to go and ask her all. If it gets as if it's being just a thing. I think I'll send you to look after work. I'm letting you willing to take the chance. I wouldn't try it. I'd think I'll pass. Don't say no. Don't say no. Don't say the best potato or what you see to. Or a virtual ass girlfriend. Don't abuse you. Don't say no. Don't say no. Be don't allow bats in here. You will see no bats in baby. If not so now. Don't say no to us. Don't say no to us. Let it work out together. We'll send you to tell it. You'll see no to us. Don't say no to us. Don't say no to us. We'll send you to tell it. You'll see no to us. Go on. I'm staying at your home. I'm staying at your home. I'm off the overhead. And the local local. I'm going to do. We'll rise in the end. There's plain the blue blue floor. Reason of papia is so when the Super Bowl again is here for the second time in three years is because Tom Brady's got the hardest 12 inches in football. Come on. It's till noon. By the way, this thing in California. And I don't want to sound conspiratorial. But this is just part of the same power grab. It's kind of like what Tom Delay is trying to do in Texas with a reason- mol ama fromerald Falls. An out by having some right wing. Good luck. I mean what more would they just leave just a blue. So you see in this country, they can't view it quite as obviously quite as overly. Obviously, quite as overtly, as has been done in some other countries, so they do it covertly. Yeah. So that we can have right wing rule for the next, like all 100 to 100 years. It's called the dictatorship ship is what it's called, underline the Dick part. So anyway, I was right for once in my life. Cadbury Schwaps in Bourneville, Birmingham, England. West Midlands UK. Cadbury says we know today started from humble beginnings in Bull Street, Birmingham, not Birmingham, Alabama, not even Birmingham, Michigan, Birmingham, UK. A shop was opened by John Cadbury in 1824. It didn't start as a conversionary shop at sold T and coffee and homemade drinking chocolate or cocoa, which he made himself for customer and for his customers. And that goes on about the whole pay. Thank you very much for over some of the 800 pages of history of John Cadbury and his sons and whole family. So I was rich tonight. American chocolate. I mean, I'm not saying not going to American companies make a some good food products. I can't think of any of the moment. Like Ben and Jerry's, for example, make great ice cream. They're out from Vermont. There's American as a get's. Good guys. Good liberal jugobobo voice. But, uh, chocolate. Forget about do not be no more Hershey's or maybe a rare to. Uh, Nestle's. I don't, um, are they like all over the place? Uh, I think Nestle's UK, I believe is like, uh, I'm think where they started. I'm not ready sure. Somebody have to look up the histories of Nestle's. Nestle's is nothing to write home about either. Although Nestle's does make smart. Nestle's make smarties. Yeah, but that's like which if you want to go smart. Is you go to Canada if you want to crappy ones you buy them in Europe. It's interesting. You can get the same product. Mm-hmm. In different parts of the world. And it's not the same. Now one thing I'll say for McDonald's and I can't say much. But one thing I will say is they're continuing to poison the world. McDeath. No. Yeah. Is that no matter where you go, it is exactly. And I'm not saying they sell all the same products because like an Italy. They have some pretty interesting desserts. And they have to do something to lower people because anybody, each McDonald's in Italy has got to be a moron. You know, or it's what all the great trotteries they got there are an asshole tourist. Oh, there's a big man's the bill's gonna big Mac. Uh-huh. He did. Before we go get our spaghetti with meatballs. But anyway, if you order a big Mac or you order like a McDonald's cheeseburger in Amsterdam or in Berlin or in Westland or in whether it's Westland or Western, it's the same. Same crap. Same greasy crap. By the way, bacon's bad for your ass. What? You're supposed to eat it. Oh, oh. I think it's supposed to smear it. Clarence said he always smears a little pork. Well, anyway, getting back to a whole bunch of fangs is here now. What's wrong with a little pork on your butt? Is that why they called it the butt end? Michelle says I'd like to suggest food list seven day Adventists. They say small potatoes. They're not potatoes. I'm not sure. She says I'm a former SDA continue that they're very close to the orthodox Jews in the whole fanatic Schmidt. As a child, there was a whole list of things I couldn't do. That's why I just played that no dancing, Michelle. Like, I couldn't go to the theater, no TV. Cut my hair, no dancing. Drinking? No music other than pre-approved Christian music. Oh, Christian music. Oh, no, no, no, no. No, no, that that's, that's, that's, that's Penn's on which family you're in. How about Christian rock? Even shaving was an issue. You shouldn't shave your legs of a bunisca is only prostitutes do that. Well, that's true. And you'll castella. So you can imagine underarm shaving was a major sin. I could go on. She says, but I'd bore you death to the crazy stories. Maybe not, Michelle. It says if you haven't checked out Nick Mama Llachi show, you can go to mtv.com on air, newlyweds, Nick and Jessica. They have episode previews you can watch in the last episode that bitch Jessica threatened to shoot off Nick's subpoenas if you were to cheat on her. I can't stand that girl. I'd rather Nick be gay than I've ended up with that stupid bitch. I'll go along with that, Michelle. I love him. Dearly. He's, uh, I always got that strange. What does? There he's hot, you know, some people don't have the best face, but there's something about them, you know, came for my finger on it. Anyway, Michelle says, uh, somebody else's wake up the nerve to call you always enjoy your show. Thanks, Michelle. You're the best we'd are. I would break her arm though as much as I like Michelle. I'd break her arm before I let her touch her Nicky. No, I'm, uh, got first dibs. Let's see. Do you remember Saunders chocolate from Detroit? If you want, I'll send you some. Ah, see. Here we go. Can you believe this? Can you believe this? Killing us hardly? With our food. Mm-hmm. All these food pushers. Someone said boxes of candy, you know. I'm glad you didn't show it. I mean, I don't want it past tense. I don't want it. I don't want to know about it. I don't want it here for you. Just like that bits that used to bring me the smarty Zetaaki games that the Mac are we in here. I don't, oh, and I got my parking passes. Thanks to my friends at the Panthers. It came separate. It came like a day later, or the, like, UPS or whatever. So I want to be ripping them for that. So now I got my season tickets, my parking passes, my schedule. Now all we need is a team. Oh, yeah. That would be good. Good. I'll be there. So like, we'll players and a remote chance to make the playoffs. What do you say? No, no chance. No, no. It's kind of sad. And they don't even have like the big danger. The Mr. Big whatever his name is. Number eight. So Saunders, I remember Saunders the name, but I don't think I ever had no. Oh, see if we're not getting into this thing about chocolates. I take back what I said about the American chocolates. Ethel ends. Oh, yeah. Ooh, in Vegas. Did you ever go to the F.L.M. shop in the Starbucks? No, no. Oh, that's, they hit one there too, didn't they? They had, they had them. Oh, in the start, us, they have an Ethel ends. Tuck it. They have the stuff, the crunchy. I would like, it's like almond brittle. Oh, I don't give me started on that Rogers almond brittle from Canada. They, I didn't have some of that a couple of weeks ago. I shouldn't be doing that. Now, did you say that somebody sent you somewhere? You got some. The almond brittle by Rogers? Yes. And oh, my God. Yeah. Well, first of all, that's what that should be illegal. And round the sweet brittle, the nutty brittle. And they, like, blending your mouth there. What about Ethel Mzo? It's very, very expensive. Thank goodness. But I can afford it. And it was like orgasmic. No, some bite in my finger. Yeah. I get a real nervous thinking about this like five. It wants to be. Oh, five. That's nothing. I could probably, but I could have polished them off. But I resisted. Oh, right. I'm going to go online. Rogers, what is it? Rogers Talklet's not come to a couch. No one in the church. They'll find it. Let's see. Lou says, check this out. It's all absolutely true. Here's a bunch of old, a whole bunch of pages from the, a, Lou, why did you do this? Lou, pages and pages silly stuff about El President. Oh, Lou, why do you do it? Lou, can't stand it. Can't stand people that do that. Oh, by the way, when you call me, you're going to go about your CDs and cassettes and keychains and stuff. Leave your name and a phone number would be good. Okay. If you just call Miguel, say, hi, sweetie, I'd like some crap, you know, I give you some crap, but you got to, even to get to crappy. You got to leave a name and phone number. Idiots. Oh, boy, do we have some slow people out there? Yeah. Even Troy was saying this morning because Troy went and the girl do a brandy yesterday on that van hit. He said, oh, he said, are there some real interesting people in your audience? Yeah. See the good people. They don't show up. They're afraid, you know. Right. Seriously. Well, look at the hot couples contest. We got some damn interesting people on there. Sure. And then we also had some. Anyway, other kind of, there's all kinds of interesting. Yeah. This all kinds of interesting. Anyway, if you want to call Miguel 305, 6505, 505, 60 is in right now as a matter of fact. He is in. If you want, right after lunch, so he's going to have to service during again and then in the two to three hours, a screw in. So you might want to call him real pronto 305, 6505, 505, 60. I still haven't given the whole line of parole as sports today. Claire, it's going to be really pissed off. We got the dolphins at the Saints with 50 hours of pregame starting at four. Countdown to kick off. With lots and lots of spots. Again, don't start till eight kick off. But we got hours and hours of crap of analization. Talking about J. Feele, who's pretty marginal at best. And we also have to hurt his hands. Louisiana Tech. Louisiana Tech. That's going to be like 85 to zip. Playing a girl school just like that often is our pretty open of the Texans. Hurricane Game starts at 430 live from the Sandbar Grill in the Grove. Covered down Power 96 on FM with like a real signal. And then we got the Marlins at the Pirate. We got games up the old. Correct. Go ass today on this station. The Marlins at the Pirates who've lost 100 in the row, a Marlins on Dreck at 6.30 for his pitch at 705. That'll be on Waxi 7.9 E AM. So we got sports ass stuff coming all over the place. Just oozing out of your radio. You know, when you got up this morning, took a deep breath. What were your breathing speaking of stuff oozing all over the place? If you're tired of the schmutz, the molds for dust particles and all the other crap in your air, you have a mold problem called 1-866-542-4995. That's the number for a clean air restoration. I'm at these guys. They know how to get your air clean. If you have a respiratory problem, allergies call 1-866-542-4995 right now. You've spent hundreds of thousands of dollars on your home, but nothing to ensure that the air you're breathing is clean. The air filter system on your air conditioning system is there to protect the AC coils. It's not intended to filter the air that you're breathing. There are Hepha-filtered air handling system removes almost all airborne particulars, including molds for the competition they produce. Michael Toxins, animal dander, dust mites, it gets my dander up in sex-aside dust, yeast-tail, skin flakes, and building material dust-fair. Clean air restoration is less than insured in their employees have been in a business for over 25 years. Right now Clean Air Restoration has a needle deal for you. For just 1995, the conduct of visual mold assessment of your house, they'll inspect your AC unit AC or ducts your home interior and your attic. From there, they can suggest what you might need to make the air in your home cleaner and safer too. Clean air restoration handles more related insurance claims, commercial and residential projects too. So improve the quality of your life by improving the quality of the air that you're breathing makes sense to me. Call now 1-866-542-4995 for clean air restoration making your air fit the breeze. For a hitbeat at 12-1-2 on WQA. You called that a penis? I want to give you a kiss. Okay. Start like in the candles. Absolutely. There's no power today. And we are getting tired of it. New York, New York. These electrical grids are way out of days. Get someone to rewire it. New York, New York. I don't want to wake up in a city with no AC. And find my food as all spoiled. Can't watch TV. These big blackout clothes. Ain't going away. Until they fix what's wrong with it. In old New York, a record can happen here. It can happen anywhere. What will they do? New York, New York. Jesus Christ. Provo 4 already at 5.60WQ. This is just flying by today. Thank the Lord for that. It's pouring as brutal out there. I sent my condolences to those of you who've got to be here. The rest of the summer and for maybe a long time after that. This is hell. You're in it. Okay. Make no mistake about it. This is hell. Joe and Mark won't be in hell. Although maybe someday would I show that they're doing. 3 to 5 is actually known. They will be at the singular wireless at 20335. That's biscana 233. 20335 is capable of art in Avintura. And they'll have all of our good stuff. They'll have the best meal CDs. 2223 and cassettes. And of course the no Howard David. He chain. And the limited supply of the 2001 CDs and the jamanid jemad dog key chains. All of the benefits, all proceeds to benefit a bad and bad rescue. You can read all about it, banded per rescue on our website. And when you go to our website, newaragers.com to vote on a poor whatever else you want to do around on it. Be sure and take a look at the new, how we're David flipping away pictures. Which are positively Jesus Christ and Ammonle. Now it's interesting. Here's the facts which you're nearly and already thrown it in the Schmidt camp. But then I started thinking about it. Now where is for well going to be broadcasting from tomorrow? Bahamas. Yeah, on. Right. All I highly can that he drank last night. I really don't know what the number was. I thought I heard him say, but third man. He said of course it was all he gets used for everything. It's everything for free. And more power to him I love for well. It's not a sin. But listen to this facts from Kenny and Mommy Springs. Who's obviously got a serious asshole problem? Your Neo. And for listening to WQM for many years. Now I find the kind of the conclusion that the overwhelming number of Jews who work. There is led to a culture of free loading and mooching. The additional for well has taken it to a new level. Never before in the history of talk radio has been such a feeding frenzy of free loaders and mooches calling in for free game tickets. It's interesting because the people are calling in don't work here. And many of them are goyum. And sportsers and whatever they are. It's is what is even more amazing are some of the people are calling on a regular basis free loading and mooching. People who blatantly advertise that their business owners, for example, and it mentions the someplace, who obviously have enough coin to buy their own tickets. But they would rather free load and mooch from forl. So they can feel like they are somebody, namely I socialize with forl. When I want to go to a game I'll buy my tickets and take chances on who I'm going to sit in here. I don't want to know I had a time that I'll be sitting with a cream of the crap professional Jews speak and other assorted radio hole free loaders. Funny how it took a Gentiles last gui to blow the roof off the place to expose it for what it really is. So in other words, as much as we like forl, it took Scott given away a bunch of crap to expose what we've been talking about for 25 years. That this is a bunch of free loaders in his town who want something for nothing and he early bird. Yeah. In addition to which since he is the Gentile gui, the token one that we got on the year, isn't a plus demand dog, isn't it a major role? Isn't it end the whoo. Right. The bigo. Isn't it interesting though that he perhaps can be a put us to shame? Oh yeah. What it comes to free load and I'm not not going to for that don't give me wrong, Kenny and my misprings. You're not going to start anything between me and Scott. Because we're pretty tired, okay. But I mean, I'm a little bit. Go with the territory asshole. It goes with being in this business. It's being a free loader and we like it and you're just jealous. You're just a jealous little punk. That's what it boils down to. Sure. And I hope you do buy your own tickets and sit far away from all of us. Even George the one sitting here we have the game. 348 votes on a pole not too shabby, generally speaking, which religious group any of us is the most planetic as in dangerous. I'm going to say to you what you want to be saved or not. Born again Christians 246 over 70%. We are mortified and of course, and this really comes to the forefront with this whole punk every Alabama with a banger one. Our neat thing with all these mugwumps with this attend Commandments. Well, the losses. We don't care what the loss is. The law got the lord did this. And if we can't less God who's going to bless us and if God can't bless America, I'll be out of yati. Muscle 38 Orthodox Jews 30 look on for them. Orthodox those far business they say in China. Do you hope as witness is 24 Catholic 6 Mormons 4 now? Charles and four Latterdale beats it. I haven't taken hardly any calls today but we're getting a lot of good taxes. So, you know, right? Right. And maybe there's a lady on one of these lines. I think six, but it's probably retired. Here's line six. Hello. QAM. Socialist fact. Yes, here you go. How did I know? It wasn't him. It was the other idiot. That was the worst perver. Socialist fact. Yeah, that's me. That's my name. Don't worry about asshole. Here's Charles and four Latterdale beat us as Haneel great pool. But the audience today really is clueless with this pool. I think there was a period should have been earlier in that sense. It says, I want to school in Utah and the Mormons are the correct answer. It is the Mormons who are the most fanatic religious group. This isn't even a contest here. It says, Charles. Yeah. I think even Mo, who's approval ratings are at a staggering 8%. Would agree that the Mormons are the correct answer? Like I said earlier, and when, where does the Mo would agree with that? Absolutely. Why? Where they wield power. They can be quite an item. They're over at power. But it must be pretty upset about all that music. They're playing all that jungle music. Actually, okay with that with what? Music. Well, that's something that a lot to have dances. You can have rock and roll and dance in the right. But only if Danny and Rier singin. It says, PS, thank Christ for so-and-so, a little beiner boy being fired, and the beast is a total aspect. Excellent analization there from Chuck and Ford Lodderdale. He says, the Mormons are the correct answer, even though they're lagging badly. Well, down here they don't make too much of a wave. You know, if you're in that area, if you're in Utah, you practically can't get a job. They're right out by me. You're right out there by me, the Lodderdale sings. It's a full-the-hole area. No, I'm not a fan. I just mentioned that in passing. I'm not saying they control nothing. They're one of 100 churches on that one street there. They do make a lot of money. We've got God row out there by me. They did those surveys. Is that it? What is it? It's a hideous. I think it's time to take a hideous from all this religious crap, if you ask me. I take a hideous from a kid of brain, okay? Start thinking. Oh, well dogs don't go to heaven. And cockroaches don't go to heaven. And that dead rat that they attract in your attic, then they go to heaven. But man goes to heaven. Rye! Who wrote it? Man wrote it. And the doggy Bible says, only dogs go to heaven. So tiny and witty are up there having a good time up there. Probably crap in all over the clouds. Yeah, especially tiny. Sneaking one here and there. That's that sound we keep here. Yeah, he's dropping a few tiny tots here and there. And in the meantime, the rest of us, we're just going straight into box. I mean, it's just, it's so sad. Just like Maddo and O'Hare resting pieces used to say, we're living without a hell, isn't worth a damn. That was one of my favorite lines. She had so many, but that's one of the best. We're living without a hell, isn't worth a damn. Oh, and Bob hope he's up in heaven now. He's in a good place now. And a box in a ground rotting and a worms are eating his body. That sounds like a real good place to make, not. And as sure took them a long time to get around to this whole tribute. I mean, how many days ago did he die? About 30 minutes. He's been dead for like a month. And now they're trying to resurrect this whole crap again. Oh, and in fact, and they just have the funeral? Yeah. Wow. What kind of religion was he involved in? They don't bury me until you absolutely sure religion? Yeah, and keep checking. Maybe I'm sorry. How could you really tell? You know, if you had a pulse, poking with us. I try to find a pulse and so on for how can you really be sure? Well, I'm sure. The right none. Well, I'm really rolling today. I have no idea why. Well, it's because I'm so anxious to begin out here. Very soon. Twelve minutes past noon at five, 60 WQM, and I'm answering the 2003 Neil Deal blowout sale. Let's go on right now as I speak. At Hallett Potty, IGMC, man. They are good folks down there. They treat you right. They got the lowest price in the world waiting for. From time limit into a pre-ato. Here's Neil Deal number one, Numero Uno. Get zero percent financing for 60 months on every single 2003 Potty Acre GMC Instock. Neil Deal Numero DOS. Get up to a $4,000 rebate on every 2003 Potty Ac and GMC Instock. And this continues to be an excellent thing for all you current and former military personnel. You can get an additional $750 rebate from your friends at Hallett just as they say in Europe as they are. Just for the halibut. Oh, they say in the fish factory. And you can also buy a Pontiac 2003 Sunfire for only $11,999 or a full size year for just 15,999. Hurry and rat now because inventories are limited. And you can still, this always amazes me because, I mean, I guess they must be trusting folks down there. You can test drive any vehicle on a lot for 24 hours. You can take it home, take it to work, take it up to your old Hershey highway, take it up to the and let's hear what's worth say. As veterans would say, take it up to, and of course, Halis also got a great selection of certified f***ing cars, trucks and SUVs. That's right. If you work at QAM, there's an asterisk. There's an exception here. It's been going to take it up to the old. And if you have credit for, you should see who was at the door who just opened the door speaking of. Right, though. Anyway, and if your credit is pretty marginal speaking of working at QAM, they'll still manage to go to deal with Halifat, Plenty of GMC. That was good timing. My second power is once again. 134.01 South Tixie Highway. That's US1 across from the falls open every day, seven days a week for more info call them in the old deal. Ha ha ha ha ha. Line toll free. One turbo late when you come down. God, I gotta get out of here. So I don't see with this high neck you're putting on. That would've been sad. It's always amazing. Call the Neil Deal hotline toll free at one. On Tribal 8 534 42 11. I'd like to finish this puppy for two. One Tribal 8 534 42 11 of course. All Neil Deal sums into credit. Provell see our friends and at least they used to be our friends. Forty tails. How about party at GMC? They are pro-fessional graves. Line and local. We're sports radio 560. 2AM. Now you have your attention please. And have your attention please. Reel grant grantee. Please stand up. I read this. Reel grant grantee. Please stand up. We're gonna have a fun here. You all like it like you never see a white war before. It's all the same flow with a princess that's ever ratified last in war and a bathroom with how for and so fun at the store. Sleep at a bump and sleep at a bump and sleep at a bump and sleep at a bump and sleep at something in the hood. Oh great, you didn't just say the end word. I'm close I did. Yeah, you didn't just take kids. Little people, the rage in here's a time no close. So I'm not changed. Great, great, you guys. Checking me off with me. Would you rather have a party family? Danny, would there's ready at any time? There's a little secret. The kids don't play a good hide. It's me. I also like to take keep fighting. It's a terrible one. I jump my shenches. Go, but I can't let she's my sister and I'm a girl. So that this family is sick. This family is sick. You're kidding me, a people with a son that you're missing. My dad is as a house for you. Those are six kids. But only one bathroom for all of us. And boy, I'll go and ask the one for rumours which I'll live in. Right next to the kitchen, but I guess I'm only bitching. Come on, I've never seen it. It's an old little Cindy with a lift. Makein' my eyes, I'm shaking and twisted. Why can't you answer? Same on the motion, watch the like a victim. And bother get to the dentist. So it's me, could be fixed. I'm about to fall for my heart. And hit my shoes, nose, I'm so mad. I'm letting go like I'm the problem. There's great, great, you guys. I'm the real 30, because only the other beatings are just. The fun to ladies for one, the real great, great, great, great, great, stand up. Please stand up. Please stand up. Yes, I'm great, great, yes, I'm the real, great, because only the other beatings are just. The fun to ladies for one, the real great, great, great, stand up. Please stand up. Please stand up. Oh, yeah, mom, sit in no plain ball in the head, there. Masha, you look fine. From 18 at five, 16, over to 275 votes on a poll. Generally speaking, which religious group in the US has is the most fanatic. Born again, Christians 267, 71.2% Let's hear it for the board again. Muslim 38, Orthodox Jews 32's. Boy, your hope is witness is 28. Catholics only seven. They've kind of calm down since the godfather came out. And a Mormon's only four out of 377. Mormons here, very much in the background. Okay, right, we keep them in your place. Now here's the facts. Then angry facts from Ray and Halendale and proud of what he says. If you were in Halendale, would you be proud of it? No, you'd be embarrassed. It says the Neo-Roger show has degraded in the one-old man, be raiding and hassling another old man. Maybe it's time for Neo-2, we're tired. The material must be pretty scarce when all we hear are mobits all day long. Can we play one mobit today? That's what I recall. No, maybe some drop-ins, you know, which obviously, which haven't only rate us no other difference between a drop-in, what do you think Ray's problem is? It's stupid. Plus he's in Halendale. You know what I'm saying? It's stupid. Okay, I'll just come down. Get with it, Ray. Okay, and by the way, Cox a hoist in Halendale and go find a radio show you might enjoy. Okay, because this ain't the one. This ain't the one for people over the age of 100. And by the end, give us any Rosenberg a big kiss when you wake up tomorrow morning. Here's a facts from Jay who says, just got back at the town I'm glad you are back to. Oh, not for long, Jay. Take a quick look. Since I was listening in wondering where is Beeneer Boy, then you mentioned briefly while reading the letter that he was fired. He was fired. That's the little little correct. What happened, can you share or was it a private thing? Love you, says Jay. Well, I don't want to say it's a private thing because it's not so private since you already blurted it all over the air. But I don't want to rehash the whole thing because that would be throwing them out of the bus. Now, they just something to think about. Because he's really not all that big. It would be hard to throw them out of the bus. I think we need to throw them. He'll wind up there. Well, it would have busged like a flat tire or something. There would just be in front of it. Oh. Well, he had a difficulty. He had the issues. And that would go away to put it. He had issues. And the difficult time like staying in the upright position and his chair in the other room. And it would have been a tough time showing up on time or sometimes showing up at all. He had problems. Okay, without like rehashing the whole thing would be piling on. You know what I'm saying? I think the biggest problem is stupid. Right. Any responsible all of these things. So he's a small potato. He's gone in addition, which I don't want. I don't want to want to embellish it. No, seriously, because the thing we were saying off the year about the website, Eric is doing just fine. And most of the creative stuff on there comes in from our listeners anyway. Like, what was the guy's name? Our Albert Arnold and Albert. Albert and Joensie and Joensie and all these guys. Which we thank them again are great. Let's see, DA says an effects. Hey Neil, you're right. It's a sucks being one of those stuck here this time of the year. Oh, I still can't vote to do stuff with this computer. So I told you, yes, oh, this is that guy I get. No, no, no, no. That Dennis guy. Don't you remember from yesterday? Why is everybody named Dennis? Get your text support Dennis. Yeah, gets in text support and quit bugging us to fix your computer. Okay. Get your, and then not only that gets a mental support, too. See, when I got this first facts, I thought, oh, okay, well, and then when he called, ah, that opened up a whole new perspective for us. People who want to make their problems, your price. There's nothing I can do for you. And just like that guy said before about a bunch of free loaders, I think he had a good point. I thought I reflect on it. Go find a computer tech guy who can like straighten you out and get you set up right. That's all. Spend a couple of bucks. If this shows that valuable to you, the price is right, then cost you a dime, listen to at least get set up right into the first place. Then this don't be such a cheap ass like Kenny said or whatever to guys name what. Now says, I'm a subject of religious fanatics, did you get a chance to see free all to yet? Yes, I did. I think it'll be on cinemas this week, or you can buy, uh, can get a circuit city or best buy. I already seen it in Toronto. Got the video up there at the DVD. It was, uh, okay. When you made to Macy, with the glasses that made him look Jewish, what are you looking like that? You don't, do you don't even remember what will be this is? Remember frailty with the Matthew McConaughey? Are we thinking of the same move? No, maybe that's not the right move. We then. What is frailty? What is that about? frailty had Matthew McConaughey and, uh, what? Pitch is saying the same name over and over again. What was it about? It was about two brothers whose father was a religious fanatic killer. He killed people with a pipe. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I've got that up there. Have I watched that? Uh, no, that's the one that I saw the end of, uh, some scenes. I haven't this. What's the one I'm thinking of? Well, it really made you crazy. We're playing together because of his glasses. They thought it was Jewish. All the anti-Semites in this mugwamp town. They were like, um, beaten up the Jewish store owner. And, uh, I was, um, like, perhaps we won't have in scenes. Since I don't know what you're talking about. You haven't seen that? Whatever it is that you're thinking of. Don't, okay. I, it was okay, but it just was, I don't know. It was kind of lame. Now, he's very good. We're to make you crazy. But I'll say it again. He was much better in Magnolia. And I don't care what anybody says, including you or anybody else, Magnolia is a motion picture that is so brilliantly made. The acting is so spectacular. I can't even find words to describe it. This is not for debate with me. Okay. But I'm just telling you my opinion. Okay. That's like arguing with me about like nestle's turtle ice cream. You know, like it great. Okay. Eat all of it. I look, uh, bean speck you want, but I'm just telling you. Don't plan to argue. Magnolia's spectacular. Okay. Tom Cruise. Sir? Uh, what's his name that died? Jason Robards. Jason Robards? You know, suddenly I can keep you Lee and more. That's a conspiracy. Oh, phenomenal. William makes Macy. They've got to play the cop. What is his name? Oh, I don't know. He's in everything. He's in everything. I know what his name is. And I can't take it. Well, the old man is slipping down. And then the guy to play the, the, the, the TV. He'll the game show host. Right. Don't know who he is either. He reminds me of how we're David though. He did remind me a little of how we're David. Okay. So now you need to. And then what has frog came down with William H. Macy far. Or somebody I, people have said far goes not on that grade. It's like low key, but it's good. Does that make me sense? It's not like all. And the scene and the bar with William H. Macy and I realize it's a fact thing, but nevertheless, the scene in the bar with him and the guy from Lafine, which I can never think of his name anymore. Already John's not already John's. I know you know how I'm talking about. That's the guy in is so incredible. That's hysterical. And he looks at the bartender that he's got the hotspore. He's like, he sees the bartender and he's got braces on. Which it was kind of silly. And then he's like, he runs his hand over his teeth and he's thinking himself. You know, which now of course he's really motivated to give himself the braces. Because if he just, he can brace himself for a real score. Scorced sighting experience, you know, as in my name cowboy. But it just didn't work out. By the end of that movie, he needed more than braces. He needed a lot of damage work. He needed a lot of bridge work. 26 past noon at 5.60. WKM, we're having a great time. That's because we got for Alan here. He's the buffer. And now that the old man, the old Koot is out of here for a couple days because of the ball game. It was really pleasant. Gildy, Gildy on his own. I mean, he's a little squeaky, but he's okay. He certainly a lot more pleasant to deal with than certain crumargin like people. Gildy walking around a hall and for Alan. Or it's like party time all the time now. When he will be working. That comes to mind. Right. I think that's a good environment, which is even much worse than that social harassment crap. I think Greg, it's time for meeting about the hostile work environment that certain person have created in this building. I don't want to mention a no name. Mo name. Mo name. This is crap people falling down here. No. There's a scene anything like it. It's just a no one. It's just a no one. It's back up and it keeps falling down. And that's all your fault, parents, because you're overloaded with too much sparts. For overloaded my damn tray up there can't handle it. Too much twarts. 27 past noon at 5.60 WQM if you're underpaid. If you're overworked, if the treatment you like crap or you work if you're paycheck is smaller than your penis. How'd you like to have a new high pain career before the end of the year? Pick up the phone and call our friends at fast train 866 fast train. So you have thought I'd impress for what? Because if you say penis or like package, he likes that a lot. Rack. Not as much as I do. Fast train can have you trained in certified before years and the demand for computer professionals continues to grow. There's no better time than right now to get you a new high pain career and get out of that than job once and for all. Fast train offers job placement assistance. Convenient dating weekend schedules and other six locations in Florida. So there is bound to be a fast train somewhere around near you. Fast train offers financial assistance for people to qualify. So call our good close personal pizons at fast train today and they can really change your life forever. Get your one to road or real life. And paycheck. Call 1 866 fast train. There's no excuse to stay in the dead end job anymore because of this great opportunity. Check them out on the web at fastprane.com and give them a call and ask all the questions you'd be having at 1 866 fast train. My life and law. This is 42056. Oh, I'm glad to send them a picture. I don't take what you said. What are they? I don't want to get rid of this old guy on the phone. You got to throw away that way. I'm not a f***ing guy. I know what excuse you are. Excuse your language now. Let's go, drop mine with. There to Miami cops with a hot dubious. They're all the streets fighting cry. They pops. That's a hand of gift, face air. Yeah, yeah, yeah. In hell and deal, vice. We get a problem. The grieging, sexual tricks. Lieutenant, and that's a group of senior citizens who went around trying to get the early birds, special after seven. Get them back and down. Let's go get them. They're in stop at nothing. They're cleaned up the streets. They're lighting. You can't cross here. You'll have to cross in the light. Yeah, they're determined. They're cleaned up. This looks like this. All right, just carry your under arrest. Oh, so now you're arresting my wife. What's the charge? Session of powder. I'm going to hurt. Let's see that white stuff. Yeah, just a thought. You got over under bags in here. Over. Sweet and low. I'm at restaurants. You just came out of. Let's take a minute. It's not. It's their country. It might have come. Sada. Hatsubi. Him. Hellenial vise. Coming this fall on MBC. Puff 33 of 560 WQM Kudos to all our good friends in Hellenale for still being alive. Pasted accused of rape to testify today. Gastonia ain't that North Carolina? Yeah. The 2070-world past are charged with rape. Another sex crumbs against girls in his congregation is testified to the Enganston County Superior Court. Prosecutor Tom Taylor said he was surprised that it was announced in court that Cory Dean Moses would testify in his own defense. How do you like that? They got Moses understand. He was son of a bitch. Moses of the, uh, it's got an address in Charlotte. It charged with one cut of rape to count the statutory sex offense for counts of taking indecent liberties with miners. His travel began on Tuesday. Uh, and I was that as opposed to taking decent liberties with miners. Right. Moses resigned as pastor of greater faith. Capital. Oh, wait. Why did? Why did I? Oh, wait. Didn't hear the name of this church. Moses resigned as pastor at greater faith. Chapel of fire baptized. Holyness church. Amstrate. On Queen's Court in Gastonia after he was charged. The alleged incidents took place at the church and other locations between October 2000 and 2002. The girls were younger than 16 at the town of the incidents. Oh, sergeant, uh, A.S. Moni with the Gaston County Police testified yesterday that Moses told her and he said were 2002. He might have rubbed his genitals against one of the girls several times in the church, but he never had sex with her. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. I love it. He was just wiping him off. Huh? I love, I got to read that again. He said he might have rubbed his genitals against one of the girls several times at the church. He said, he said Moses also told her that while teaching the other girl how to drive his infinity, she said partially on his lamp. She ended that Moses said he touched the girl with his genitals in the car and is has another time, but denied ever having sex with her. He just touched her lightly with his genitals. He just like, you know. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. By the way, I got a question for the audience. Is there any black male in America who is not now released in some time in his life and never been a minister pastor or something, right? Right? I don't think so. Seriously, how many black men in America have never been a man of the cloth? But third man. And they're all in the NBA. Is there a nail order place you can get your whatever it is that they get to be a minister a Reverend? Yeah. Oh, that's right. We had it on the site. Of course, there has always been anybody can be a Reverend like Jesse Johnson for example. The Reverend Moses Calhoun, you know, everybody is a Reverend a minister. Isn't the same thing to a nation community very much? Let's go get fracked or how I get in defrapped. 4008 votes on a poll, generally speaking, which religious group in the US is the most fanatic we asked today. Like I said, 411 votes. Born again Christian 71 and a half percent. Oh, 294 votes for born again Christians were very, very concerned about Europe. Attitudes in behavior and the ambiance and the smell of the aroma of your deal. Muslim is 40, Orthodox Jews 34, to hope his witnesses 31, Catholic 7 Mormons 5. We didn't put the seventh day of Venice on right? No, they're small potatoes. I mean, it's by the, although they do make some good scrapel. Isn't that their thing? Or am I confusing them with somebody else? I can't keep these all straight. I don't know. Which are a bunch of street meals. SDA scrapel. No, no, many, many of them. They're going to get a talking about they have all those those vegetarian products that You can buy in like in publics, right? I don't know who makes those. Maybe the moonies. No, no, no, no. No, it's either the seventh day of Venice or the, I'm sure it's them. Maybe it's the Metanites. It's meat-free. They have like bacon, which by the way, bacon's bad for your ass. And they have like scrapel, which is a source of it. It's all meat-free. I'm sure that's the seventh day of it. I bet you're life on it, all right. Oh, I look at this. What did I tell you? This Dennis guy again. Tiny, I was fetching an entire, I drove up to Brady's brandies from Hollywood by two tapes this day was happy. I'm disabled from my stroke, which is a sound like Schmidt on the phone yesterday. I wish you to read what I sent before you trashed me. Well, don't get all bent out of shape, Dennis, and just quit bugging me, all right? I'm glad we appreciate we thank you for your help. I hope you enjoyed the tapes. And we hope that you have a wonderful life, but leave me alone. See, this is one thing with people. You get them a little bit of an opening and you've just been the hand of friendship briefly, you know? And the next thing in order coming to your house for dinner, they're like on your doorstep. They're waiting in your car for a ride. Dennis, we'd like you a lot. You were a good guy, but, you know, leave me alone. Right? That's all. Yeah. Not a lot to ask. Is it? Let's take a few calls here. How many calls do you think I've taken today? Well, I've one or two? Not many. Five, six. Not many. And we've had a damn good time here today. I have. This thing is low blind, but before you notice, it's going to be that big one to two hour. Once again, we lightly, we don't like seriously, but we lightly apologize for doing that for a couple of weeks. But let's face it. We're playing with, and there's nobody out there. Most of the colors are playing with an empty deck. I was going to say, we're playing. They're playing with an empty deck. And it's still the dog days, okay? When we have a sufficient number of people, plus we got all these other people on this station do two hours shows, hour and a half, no show like the Humphors off again today because of the dolphin game. So why don't we do what we do to have to do four solid hours to try to do a tap dance for the public every day all the time. Well, let's protest. Let's call it a protest. We are doing a protest. No, that's not good. A sit-in. No, because that's not good. We're still entertaining. Sure. We're going to protest that way. It's not like I'm just throwing a bunch of crap on. Are you trying to pick some good stuff that's amusing that we don't play every God damn day? For example. Is that 80? It's not good. That's pretty amusing to me. You can't get much funnier than that pitch. Oh, and by the way, you people are channel four. Not a way. I'll tell you, Angela Ray, she should be, no seriously. She should be the poster child for channel four because there's a serious bunch of assholes. Now I will make two exceptions. Our good friend Bob Soper, good guy, and Gary Nelson who doesn't know who that. You know Gary Nelson. He's a good guy. He used to call the show a couple of times. He loves the show. He's a good guy. I feel bad for Soper and Gary because everybody needs to eat. Everybody needs a job. But they've got to be immersed in humor. They're there when that silly ass Brian Nort Cross and Angela Ray and just a bunch of silly and of course that professional Cuban Elliott Rodriguez who might despise like poison. Who gives all kinds of editorial opinions on the year about Ali on and this and that. What wouldn't have did they ever put him on a step to do editorials on the year? You know? He's an idiot. Oh, and you know who else we can't stand over there? Who's now? Oh, I got to tell you this. He used to be the Hamhawk guy. He's now Sunshine Furrier with a Hamhawk's with shame on you. Shame on him. Now he reports from the breaking news this. You see that? The way to tell Sunshine that they win breaking news this. And they're serious. The breaking news this. Everything is breaking news. Like that thing for I was talking about LA yesterday. It was really much to do about nothing, right? The car. It wasn't even like a high speed car chase. It was like a low speed. And it brought us right on a round with a baby in her arms and the guys like trying to car yourself. Somebody else's car and a grab his ass. Yeah. But I mean, it wasn't like up to the usual quality of that stuff out there, especially, you know. Usually we'll have seen the cars go round. And they'll embark. He rests sparks and shove a whole bunch of cars off the road and you know, bodies flying stuff like that. They're doing bloodshed on the highway. Right. From the channel for breaking news this. My life. And low. This is 42056. We're going to win. We're going to win. Well again, everyone from the channel 7 News Center. I'm Rick Sanchez with your 60 second goal for update. We have some new reports that just came in there are hard to explain. So let's move to the Middle East Warmap. Rick's world if you will. And I'll try to explain. Rick's world. Rick's world. Hi, John. Excellent. Rick's world. Hi, John. Excellent. And with me as always, Sally Fitz, party on sale. Party on Rick called San Pedro lately. Not since I've been back from Houston. People in the business remember, but fortunately for me, the public has a short memory. Say, what about that guy you've flattened? Is he still in a coma? Uh, yeah, still in a coma. I'm so glad you brought that up, Sal. Not. Anyway, we've seen blue off a couple more scuds at the occupied West Bank, but those awesome Patriot dudes intercepted. A boo. Coo boo. As you know, the insane who's saying, gosh, can I turn an original phrase or what? Yes, poison gas, but as I squat over Baghdad. Gas, that's a lie. I'll give him a gas of my own. Hot air out of both ends. Who's saying today said, yeah, look at the. Well, that's all the time we have for today, party on sale. Party on Rick. I'll sit in squats, are you worrying up? Rick over Iraq for Channel 7 news. Well, yeah, he's the best clown at the. We ever had. He even makes Angela Ray look serious by comparison. 1245 at 5. 60 WQAM didn't take him too long to figure that out. Even an MSNBC, even a place where they owe points. They said, ah, we don't think so, Rick. Now, what is that local local show at his start that we're waiting for? How many weeks before that starts? About 30 men. How's the poll come? And generally speaking, which religious group in the US is the most fanatic? 433 votes. That's not too shabby. Board again, what's one of my smell? Full of up food food. You know, smell I ain't mind. I got a nose for food that you wouldn't believe. It's best smells good. Always hits that room first though, the events. You can't smell that? Yeah, I will. It's from the kitchen. Somebody new concern. Somebody is new concern. Good. Nobody else. You can't smell that? 143 votes. 433 votes. Board again, Christian's 305, over 70%. Muslims 43, or a good end height, orthodox Jewish 37, to hovers witnesses 35, Catholic 7, Mormon 6, what a Catholics and Mormons come out smell like a old rose here today. A gross soldier. Okay, let's get this phone going here. We want to take a lot of calls these last few minutes before 1. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 6, 60 on the 8, including a woman. If we don't have a woman by 1 o'clock, I'm going to be foaming it to mouth. That's what Miguel said. If he don't have a woman by one, he's going to be pissed even if it's Dorine. Nobody QAM? Hey, yes sir. It's calm. I want to tell Neil about what a ration, a break of bacon is. I can explain it to him. Right, no ration, ration. Not ration. A ration of bacon. Okay. You want me to tell you or do you want to tell him? Tell me. So, a ration of bacon into 16 ounce portion of bacon. Sounds like a pound to me. Sounds like a pound to me. That's nice. Which is a pound. Nice. You don't want to help you. I mean, this is like the old. The worst part of me. That's old I have to deal with. Go ahead. Go ahead sir. I won't go ahead. Okay, bye bye. I did what I did. It sounds like a pound or right when he gets on a visit. You don't see this right here. Him and that old fart that facts me from hell and hell. This is one of the useful. So many reasons why this is such an unpleasant place. I mean, granted the weather we can't control. It's too hot. It's too humid. It drains too much. It's like today is a good example. But even assuming that these things didn't exist, there are just too many of the wrong people here. I'm a restaurant. I'll ever argue with me about that. It's not a predicate. It's a little truth. I mean, I go to Toronto. The people. I mean, people I don't even know. They're pleasant. They're friendly. They open the door for it. They say, hello. They hold the elevator. They're not angry. They're not like all up tight. They're not hostile. They don't hate you just for being alive. You know, not here. I was wrong to listen to the guy. And remember, and right now it was me. I understand that I know that. So I'm playing along with them a little bit. And all I did was say 16 ounces sounds like a pound. I mean, and right away, he starts getting porked off about that. Porked off. As in bacon. This guy's making rassure judgments that I usually make. What is this thing here? About the hotel once towel fees. That. I don't want that for him. What? Towthies. It's not interesting. All those words to see me. He's a call about her. Oh, and look at line nine is ringing. I know it's going to be a short call. WQAM chronic line. Oh, I see. There he is. WQAM. Hello. QAM. Yes, sir. Dr. George. I mean, Neil. Reverend Jones. Is it Reverend Jones? No, it's not. Tell George. Yeah, it is. WQAM. Hello. Uh, that's the, like, 2 a.m. This is Andre. Don't throw you my name on the air. I thought I talked to Neil. Well, what do you mean don't use your name on the ear, Andre? Hey, Dr. Neil. Well, we don't. You didn't see your last name. Don't say it because you were on the ear. But what? Why would you say this is Andre? Do we ever ask anybody their name? I actually wanted to change the stuff to get a little bit out. Why would you say don't use my name on the ear? Are you like, is there a surgery? I don't know. Are you like a terrorist? No. Are you a picture with a post-aurephist? Not yet. You have like a naked website that we could check out? Uh, maybe. Are you like the four of diamonds in the deck of clubs cards? Go ahead. Go ahead, uh, George. What about you? We'll, we'll cover up. Well, go ahead. I was so excited yesterday that you, somebody finally, or you did finally, make a fold it. I was, um, man, I'm surprised this is the one reason the dolphins are not going to go to Super Bowl. Is it a jet fan is announcing? That's pretty good. You're going to go to play office here. They came from, they get to dimper back. And what happened is dimper? Uh, he was doing the, um, FIU games I believe was me? He was not, I don't know. I don't know. Yeah, I think he was doing FIU, which is ridiculous for Gavis Calber. He wanted to do the hurricane games and hercans, and they said, oh, no, well, we want Joseph Gavki to all of our sports. And we want them one guy. What's your course? I mean, Joseph and I skyved to compare him to Villsimfer, so ludicrous, Joe is so bush league on those ball games. You know, and so as infre got screwed over, basically, because this guy came here, Zimfer wound up getting the shot and mad dog is never recovered from it. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Well, we gotta do everything in our power to get him off. In closing, that's the hardest moment to implement. Okay, Ted. Fine, well, don't call him whatever his name was. Pete Andre. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon, wireless line. W-W-A-M? Hello? Yes, sir, man. Neil, hi. How are you? I'm fine. I have kind of an emergency with all this horrible weather. I think my satellite's going to go out, and I have to know what's going to happen on passions today. Oh, not much. Not much? Not much. No, she's the, what's her name? Edna's got the precious counting, but she's got the stopwatch, counting the seconds between between Sheridan's contractions. Uh-huh. And of course, what's his name? Chad, he's tried to get the fox together with Teresa. Right. And then Ethan's in a hospital that are talking to Chad, and Chad tells him about this, and Ethan, uh, over my dead body. Teresa Fox ain't going to get anywhere near Teresa, y'all y'all y'all. And, and of course, what's her name? Uh, it's still K, is still having nervous breakdown about the charity and about the mommy. And you're not going to get anywhere near my baby. And then, of course, so what's your name? The really freaking nurse, have you seen her yet? Or did you see her? Yeah, I did. They're really freaking nurse. She freaks out because Tabith and her evil baby are making stuff float around inside the room. And it's, you know, same stuff. Don't you think, uh, she's... How much longer can we wait for sure? No, no, no, no, no. And I realize Luis is slower than the damn of a bunch of molasses. Wow. But how long before he realizes that that 10-pound bag of sugar is out about three ounces now? Huh? Unbelievable. I can't stand it much longer. Don't you know, the way, don't you love the way that Edna, uh, when Hank came over to inspect the house that she grabbed a hold of his arm, uh, um, boy was drawing her. She's the hornyest old koot that ever came down to play. He's the greatest man. Oh, yeah. She's the, she's the, she's the whole show. I think so. I think so. This is Wallace man. She's the whole show. She's the best. See, really is. And if they don't get rid of this new Ethan man, I'm going to like protest. I'm going to, he, he just, uh, he just too many boring people on the show. And what a lousy actor. Yeah. Oh my god. He says wooden is a totem pull. I mean, at least Hank is wooden on the show, but he's supposed to be. That's his role, you know. Okay, buddy. I'm so sorry, buddy. You know, that's his whole thing. Right. Possibly see looks good. Well, you know that nurse you're talking about that has the stuff lying around. He looks like Ruth Busy. Yeah. She does. From life to me of her. Yeah. Or somebody from B. Witch from the old show B. Witch. I don't know. Well, of course, Endora is the name of the baby now. Oh, I'm really good. Yeah. Huh. Which Endora was, uh, what was her name? The actress, uh, and not Agatha Christie. The one that, uh, what was her name? Agna's more. Agna's more. And very good. See Agatha Agna's. I don't know when you get old like I am. That's the ones that you get. Well, thank you, and you. Okay, have a great day, sweetheart. You're right. We got a lady car and a passion's watcher, which means you can't be all bad. Have you seen Sherwin yet? No. Oh, yes, I saw it. Her. You don't think she's a, of course. Now they got her all messed up. She really is hot. She's, I mean, she's about as close to perfect. I think as you can get. She's got a beautiful face, beautiful blonde here. She's got a, a big rack. I mean, she's just, she's beautiful. It's not just not hot enough for me to want to watch a soap opera. It's not a soap opera. It's a comedy show. It's a comedy show. It's not a soap opera. It's a bad time for me. Okay. Well, why don't you just say that? I have before. I've tried to like do this macho thing. Oh, look at this. Suit alleges a piscobal dyes. She's ignored abuse. This, I just, these isolated incidents just keep pouring in here. Two men of suit, the Episcobal dyes. He's an North Carolina North, North and California. Legend, they were sexually abused by a Marisville priest in the 1970s. And that the church failed to be spawned when the abuse was reported. In their lawsuit, James Sharp and Robert Gibbons, they were abused by the Reverend Donald J. West. While they were teenage parishioners, a change, John's Episcobal church in Marisville. They are seeking unspecified damages in the Sufaldus Week in Sacramento Superior Court. Sharp who lives in Ubus City, says he was 15 years old when the sex abuse began about 1972, given them in a soda resident said he was 17 when abused in 78. The two didn't know each other then. In 1978, according to the suit, Suf's Paris brought the matter to Bishop John Thompson, who did not before the allegations to police. West was passed to an Emmanuel Episcobal Church in Grass Valley in 83 and seen Andrews Episcobal Church in Cornhole, according in 1989. In 1995, the Northern California dyes, he's now under Bishop Jerry A. Lam. He's on the Lam. How the Tribunal and West was removed from the priesthood in February 1996 according to Barry Byes knew the Bishop's assistant, West died in 1996. Byes knew said that I see now has a zero tolerance policy towards sex abuse by its priest. Well, that's good. That's sure by the Catholic Church. Well, we're going to try to clamp down, but you do get a couple of freebies. Three. You get three free passes if you get caught. Oh, three catches. That thing that I read before people ought to be foaming at the mouth about because that's a local story. About the two priests with these statute limitations and the local arts dice, he says, Well, we don't care about the civil case because, you know, what do you know? You know, in other words, on a technicality, we'll re-instate them and just don't bother us no more. Well, just remember before the meeting, even if the law said this, they were above it. That was the whole attitude. Exactly. No, no, no, no. We're supposed to be in five six. You a yeah. The water's a two hour. Back home. In that book, I made it clear. The magic book was other than it's where I see it. The magic book. At Roger Dahl, three I sometimes stare. The magic book. I like his walk and I like his hair. The magic book. I watch his jeans when he starts. The magic book. I just love his magic book. The magic book. When we're on tour, I just hope. The magic book. You'll lose his grip and drop the soul. The magic book. I see him on his hand. You can't have him on his hand. The magic book. The magic book. The magic book. Absolutely. Ladies and gentlemen, this is Rainbow Foreign Fight. Oh you. Oh you. John Rainbow Steelers live. I want to make movies for five. My life ain't going great. Plan to Hollywood's broke. Unfortunately, I speak like I had a stroke. First blood came in 82. That's when I heard my penis in it never ever grew. Rainbow 2 was an 85-late. Rainbow 3 was an 88. Shrew it and turn it into it. My gun. I did not make this movie with my son. The famous stage. She was in Rocky Five and daylight. The total movie. A little bit of cash is what I mean. I gotta get a roll from the power queen. I gotta have a number of them moving. Or a Broadway show like that of me. I guess nobody ever saw a coplan. It was too good. I guess I understand. My whole life is about to cave in. All I got left is a flame. Ladies and gentlemen, I need to make remember one fight. Check it out. So call me up. I really need a script. I can do dialogue or keep it zip. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. It was stupid. So I understand. I hope I can't do it. I got left this journey for free, but that's why ladies and gentlemen, I need to make remo for him. I don't have to move with him. I was standing there one day. Not thinking I wouldn't die from being able to make this a jiu-jiu. I should never keep things down. I'll make my clothes be trapped inside my vowels. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. It's without my stuff. You're smart, setst 9. So am I in test and z eggplant. I wish I should have known what I expect to think of myaffe with the kind episode if you can't listen to. I would act to me too. Maw. If I need an eat that pretty I swallow. Ha-ha. So you get that bitch con between my wit. Why did you let me Disney Why could you lose us, get it right? My foul was the block. Inside my hiding, can't take my touch go out. If Katak is Katak, if Katak is Katak, if Katak is Katak is Katak, if Katak is Katak is Katak. Premium beer. You down the red dog. You've chugged a red wolf. Open your mouth and wrap your lips around our red cock. Red cock's foamy head will re-view breathless. Red cock goes down easy and it's never hard on your throat. So reach into that box and wrap your fingers around a long neck red cock. You can shake it and spray it all over. Remember, you can't beat our red cock. Just look for the label with the big red pecker on the front. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Now all us red next to her was the encender. The sex killer's pain is good unless it's family. Because all us red next practice instead. Now I'm my only uncle and the worries me. My head has dirt took me with her. Back to her double-wide. What a deal ain't got no wheels and insights that like something died. It's my cheek and winged her eyes and we're all alone in the house. But I got sick when she gave me a kiss. To until back go in her mouth. All us red next to her loving says. Okay. The sex killer's pain is good unless it's family. Because all us red next practice instead. So come take my new wife. She's my niece. I just got me a farm with horses. She gains cows and pigs. A four by four that I adore with tires that are too damn big. The rear window it has begun to run. That's where I keep my dozen. We'll flag in the wife of the back. Monique is red from too much sun. All us red next to her loving says. The sex killer's pain is good unless it's family. Because all us red next practice instead. Our sister is the one over there with the dirty knees. Every human is hard to chew. Who got the nicest two? I don't like the way my daddy has been watching me. There is a child living down in Mexico who has to go to work every day. She sits at his desk making clothes for caffeine. Loves the work but doesn't love the pain. They are the kids who make the clothing. They are the ones who make a bucket of days so quick I'm blaming. It's just clothes for making. The time you love to buy. It's you that make a bucket of day with caffeine. All right. May you feel sink-o-de-mire. The Mexican National Holiday. Some stations are giving away to the cancels. I'm giving away to the Mexican City. But we are bringing Mexican to you. That's right. We're giving away Mexican. Oh, my God. We'll be swedling legally. They'll cost the border in the wheel. We'll steal the station back. Then we hope you want to. Imagine your own personal Mexican. Wash your coffee. You're happy. You're crying. I can't think you want. Because if they don't you'll have them deported. audio sub-peekers. If they don't you'll have them deported. audio sub-peekers. If they don't have them deported, then you'll have them deported. to own Mexicans, fading and elolcing of Mexicans as winners responsibility. Station assumes no liability for infectious diseases carried by Mexicans. All the great sickle to my own home. Every day. You're in very own Mexican people this thing to read. Oh, I'm going to see you know that shooting they had that not-case-in-sha-calt-reestated shot of seven and the disgruntler worker. See you, and I'm wants to know where did he get the gun? Oh, man, maybe I'm 441. Dending machine? 400, and that's an idea. I think we can make her killing. So to speak, guns and booze vending machines. All right. 490 votes on a poll generally speaking, which religious group in the US is the most fanatic. Born again, Christians 342, Muslims 49, Jehovah's Witnesses 43, Orthodox Jews 40, Catholics 10 and Mormons only six. Don't forget, uh, John Mark at Singular Rala's 3-5 this afternoon. That's on 20335, this game Boulevard. This game in 203. In adventurer, and I'll have all the best of the real stuff, including a sub-back supply of some of those 2001 best in LCDs and the mad dog Jim Mandage. Key chains. Hey, if you're trying desperately to lose weight like most Americans, got it. We're just getting fatter and fatter. You know, portions size. They were show. I saw a piece on about, um, they said, piece on this. I saw a piece about this whole thing about the portions in like Europe, as opposed to here, and everything here has to be like pooper size. I keep it helping. I keep in a heap of crap. So if you're a big fat heap, and you'd like to lose the weight here's an easy way to do it. And it'll just wait to do it too, because unlike most of the weight loss programs, they don't give you like pigeon size portions of food. They give you like a big healthy sack. And there's nothing like having a big healthy sack. Every day it's right there with you door by 6 an a.m. You're a little black sack. Three gourmie meals, two delicious snacks. They're right in there at your home, at your work, wherever you're going to be. Can't make it much more simple than that. The only thing without you have to do is make out the menu once a week. There are two choices for every meal on the program. And that's it. There's no cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no worries, no calorie counting, no carbohydrate counting, balance for life. Does it all for you? And you'll start seeing results within a matter of days. Just like the beast who's back on a thank goodness. We're trying again for the second time. The safest life. And he's lost about 30 this time. What? He's lost from 284 to 256. That's 28. That's about 30 last time I checked. Absolutely. So if you're desperate to lose the way if you try it all day, the programs in failed. If you're overweight, out of shape, lethargic diabetic run to verge. Let balance for life. Get the answers for you. Call him today. 9.54. 5.6.8.32.29. 9.54. 5.6.8.32.29. Or you had all the info on their website balance for life.com. This is for 205.6. You a.m. There's a butt-ass smell. There's no more DNA disease. Oh, great. Oh, we're fine. Why, two days? We're gone down. When our computers go on high, why two days? When we go down, everybody's gone upside. People will panic. Return to the topic. I read that in another disease. In a company full store. If you believe it's the end of the world, and she's our market. Rushing again. One day for the denny of the whole time. Start coming away. A round one is the total attendance at a Marley's Gate. Huh? Three. We'll make the tutor one. That's the total attendance at the Marley's flat there. That's a movie. Two. My wait to see your home run at the Marley's Gate. You might be the only one to get a stroke from the sun. I can all of the fly. Yeah. You'll be there all alone and have yourself to hopefully hear you. So you can go for a walk and have a nice talk with the guys are bad. For a small piece of children's attendance, one is the total attendance. One piece of barn in attendance goes to always. For the honor of the children's attendance, one is the total attendance. One more than every birthday always. The most controversial movie of our turn, Martin Squar says he's the last temptation of Christ. Recently became available for home viewing on cassette. Religious groups, miffed at the release of the film theatrically, became outraged on the event of its own distribution. And so, for your spiritual education, and for those who don't have VCRs or a price of the movie ticket, we are proud to present live, pop one, the radio version of Martin Squar says he's the last temptation of Christ. But, one by a hot stereo, gee, I better nag. Okay. And so, the controversy continues. A few minutes of my over-platting, Martin Squar says he's the second last temptation of Christ. Good day. Well, I never thought I'd find the gun no ride that I've been keeping around this today. Now, it's a classic set of wheels fixed up the way a brother would fly at ease. Now, if it be in the China, if the trip is cold, then the dies of the vassies, I got the candle liquid cherry yoke. Now, maybe, because we have another cherry cherry, if it be, maybe, please, star babies. China little little little bit, feels many different heat, and the suspension melts away. Now, it bounced out the road, and it's a bit bad as you put that way. Now, if the artist stopped, no big wheels, they are getting around the pieces of praise. And that's 709, pop one, got a little heat on it. Show the combined now is my baby, get a little act. Star babies. Former EdgarDon that you'll be cherished in twenty two. Alright.day is Peru. Chinese new little little family. Dio. I got my windows down, I know hot summer day, because they're easy to warm up the way. The sweaty fresh rhythm all seed stops the smell and gets the dusty wibbit over time. On my back seat you'll find a shiny garbage, but like lie, and I'm at my coffee channel, a civil. My navel help me wash my hand with a bow to you. I can aren't jury you be really good. God saves me from 70 digestible, silky green foods, a transfer man. My world is poochy as little as doing the max at me at theidental maximum. All we have is know that we are all our acting. Well, we're here to hear, and I've got no fear. Only go where no man is going to fool me. The fight for lift, and move that slimmer. The fire says that these you and see. The evil lead is disgusting. Being fed is painless. But like a spaceman, I'm circling your heinous. The taste cracker, and if you will be hurt. The sweetest thing to rise in. Your moon is shining on me. Taste my companion to me. Will say that he'd rave, The tongue last and not just came. Makes the hair of my dad's stand straight up. Now I'm a real trouper. You're my tongue, I'm in your hoop, I'm a squeeze out of the juice of the dill and this. I got a must-vest fee to be seized. My friends called me in the murder too. I heard you yelling, cuck-a, But I prefer you to. It's ain't not your payday to me. The sweetest thing to rise in. Your moon is shining on me. Taste my companion to me. Now put away that pay while the garland. I'm going and try. Trust me, I won't hurt you. Things get not silly when I tear your clothes to you. And I wash it all down with a knife on through. To win what I do, Please make me feel this lack of man. You'll find it hard to sit down when I get done with your can. Taste my companion to me. Sweetest thing to rise in. Your moon is shining on me. Taste my companion to me. Taste my companion to me. Listen to me, this is the stand-by instinct for sofaking. And it's then where everything is held to the high sofaking standards. The selection is in just huge, it's sofaking huge. Believe me, you'll never shop anywhere else. And sofaking surprises aren't just low, they're sofaking low. You'll never find them anywhere else. Listen to me. When I say sofaking as a beautiful store, I mean sofaking beautiful. When I say step is helpful, I mean sofaking helpful. Listen to me. Get to know the sofaking and enjoy a selection that's sofaking huge. A staff that's sofaking courteous and prices that are sofaking low. You'll never shop anywhere else. But don't take it for me. Take it from satisfied customer, frank and stine. Sofaking good. You said it fracking sofaking good. What's 25 and 560 WDQM happy Thursday, Look at that, 417 votes on the poll. Generally speaking, which religious group in the US is the most fanatic, unyielding, outrageous, dangerous, insane. Born again Christian 360, Dan near 70% Muslims 50. Do you hope his witnesses 47, orthodox Jews? 41, I just like seeing it. orthodox Jews Catholic 12 and Mormon 7. Now did I notice in George Corso, I saw he had like a little earring thing. Was that like a thing on his nose? Or was that I thought that's a piece of jewelry on his nose, but it's not. Huh? It's running. What do you mean? It's running nose. Oh, I thought it was like a thing. It was a bogeet. A dollar. He was in here snottin' all over the place. Holy crap. Three nasal drips. Oh! 26 after one at 560 WDQMVIP Sportsboard.com is south-world as favorite sportsboard. They've been around here for a coon zage. And of course this time it would all this football going on now. All the sportsboard start claiming they're the biggest. They're the best make-your-all kinds of songs and events. But did you know that 99% of these bookies are located in the jungles of Costa Rica. You may now be very fine again. This year we'll up to class and we're talking about, of course VIP Sportsboard.com. VIP Sportsboard.com. The oldest, the largest sportsbook in, the most prestigious needle-ons. Number one, first world integrity English speaking to. 100% legal and licensed. VIP Sportsboard.com is south-world as sportsbook. Sign up before the NFL regular season, which means very soon. And you can bet all south-loaded teams juice free all your long. How about those patriots? You want to bet on the dolphins. It's 100-100. You want to bet the hurt coons. It's 100-100. So forget about ever having to lay 110 to 100 on your home teams. All preseason sonups. Get a 20% cash bonus. Not some funny money match play bonus or any BS like that. So check them out online at VIP Sportsboard.com or call them tool free. One, eight, six VIP bets. That's one, eight, six VIP bets. For VIP Sportsboard.com, where you are always the VIP. Fly and local. We're sports-radiow 562AAM. Rick, that fact is mean. I think him profusely, that is Ruth Busy on Passions. Play that crazy nurse? Okay. Maybe that's where I look like Ruth Busy. Excuse me, but I do believe that's something else. I hope to join the party. I hope to join the party. I hope to join the party. I hope to join the party. I hope to join the party. I hope to join the party. I hope to join the party. I hope to join the party. I hope to join the party. I hope to join the party. I hope to join the party. I hope to join the party. I hope to join the party. I hope to join the party. Oh, my god, hey! It was Doyle Me dumplings! She covered me in the pancake! But now she is a wife, I hope to join with opening the party. I hope to do it when I'm the baby I'll give and then every 10 thousand boys I hope to join I hope to do it this time I'll be as do it time of war I hope to do it this time of war And then I hope to more destiny Oh In the day I'm a little bit scared to be a dead man You hurt on a good thing Then I'll go find you I'm a little bit scared to be a dead man That's why I'm so good to you It's a morning, oh dry I love to know it's a nice I hope to know it's a happy day It makes me feel alright I hope to know it's a time of peace I'm doing that for I hope to know it's a happy day And then I'll go find you I hope to know it's a happy day It makes me feel alright I hope to know it's a happy day I hope to know it's a happy day It makes me feel alright I hope to know it's a happy day It makes me feel alright I hope to know it's a happy day No zebra I hope to know it's a happy day Oh Dear This is The Yangh Long ngon Oh goose Oh goose Oh lady I saw Jesus, I was looking for a low power I saw Him alone, I popped up no stirring to see the pain of my cow Oh my friend, think of us, and let the red thing mark Oh now I saw the biggest, I was looking for a low power I saw Him in my shaving cream, so I left it all my face When I went to work, I looked like a jerk and I was fired in the strength Driving home, I was all alone, thinking someone's playing tricks on me But in the rear, you were there, I could see Jesus staring back at me And I saw Jesus, I was looking for a low power I saw Him alone, I popped up no stirring to see the pain of my cow Oh my friend, think of us, and the red thing mark Oh now I saw the biggest, I was looking for a low power I saw Jesus, I was looking for a low power I saw Him alone, I popped up no stirring to see the pain of my cow I saw Him in a bowl, thinking in the shadows, but her scar Yes, I saw him, just, I was looking for a low power I saw Jesus, I was looking for a low power I saw Him alone, I popped up no stirring to see the pain of my cow Oh now friend, think of us, and the red thing mark Oh now I saw Jesus, I was looking for a low power You turned for your very good Is it a little bit of a week on the prices, what would you be on that fine, on that fine oak cabinet? Yeah, at 690, 4,000, 12 cents, yeah, that definitely 690,000, 12 cents And the price is $694 and 12 cents, you're a winner They may not know what year it is, but they know their prices, and prizes I didn't know about it, but today I showed you, yeah, yeah, definitely a hundred and twelve items at the day Don't miss the second of it, it's a bond week, the price is right What's the name of that guy in first? Who's the guy in first? Who's the guy in first? What's the name of that guy in second? Who's the name of that guy in first? I don't know if he's paying Oh, where's mine? Who's the curse my name? If I farted him ever Would I stand the shame? If I farted him ever Would launch his mouth Send me straight to hell Or can anybody smell Up in heaven Does guess I can say Does it linger in heaven? Would you be ashamed To pull my finger in heaven? Huh? I'll know these things When the fat lady sings Does I'll be the one who brings Cheers to heaven Does I know I'll be the one who brings Cheers to heaven If I farted him ever Would I stand the shame? If I farted him ever Would I stand the shame? If I farted him ever Would I stand the shame? If I farted him ever Would I stand the shame? If I farted him ever Would I stand the shame? If I farted him ever Would I stand the shame? If I farted him ever Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame even better? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shameenson I stand the shame? Would I stand stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame even better? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would you stand the shame? Could I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? Would I stand the shame? I found five checks this month There goes my credit rating I've thought I had more in my savings I'll take you out to lunch if you buy If the softty kind of needs If the softty kind of needs I'm saving nickels and quarters I'm cutting coupons because I'm a victim of recession Riding from kids' cows Get me a ticket for an aeroplane I'm a wheel of fortune game I'm crazy but I just got to win Bind the wheel again Oh, when I'm big meal editor Bank truck, what do you mean bank line I don't see how much money I got to spend Can't stand too low, get fat say Jack again Won't throw in the towels Still like my avowals Oh, when I'm big meal editor Hey man, what do you mean there's no instant fall When I'm big meal editor No one does it any better I'm a dream of old you even as that And all over the other one Well, now I don't understand Why you make a hundred grand not for me to say Anyway Get me a ticket for an aeroplane I'm gonna be under wheel of fortune game I just got to win Bind the wheel again Oh, when I'm big meal editor Oh, when I'm big, go away Hey, get out of my way back Get out of my way back Hey, there's no end of that word Is it love writer? What are you doing? I'm like ahhh Look at the letterman I think better why you beautiful man He's your makeup leader on game I've made a ticket for an aeroplane Alright I'm on the wheel of fortune game I just love that sound I'm in the bonus rounds Hey, vana, pick me a letter Looser turns Hey, fat looser Ben up in the middle No one does it any better I dream about you all around That isn't all over again Vana, I don't mean to stare But are you wearing underwear Not for me to say Anyway I don't dare how much money I got to spend Can't stand to look at that say Jack again Oh, throw in the towels Till I buy your powers Oh, vana, pick me a letter Please, vana, pick me a letter Alright, I'm ready to pick baby FECDF GFGG Again, I'm gonna be going to see if you guys like my date That's your cover man Alright, I'll take the sofa The blender, the microwave, the refrigerator My man thought what do you mean five hundred dollars for a second life five and four of our TV said You got ripped off man My brother will not forget if we all say Give me the money not buy the TV to a man Alright, I buy that for mom, maybe Love him before 2005, 60 WDK My gosh, I'm exciting a news for we got a new favorite TV station Channel, thank you, Trace Wow, what is the name of that show? I don't know how hot does it get And we can have you seen again, it can that be felt The how much we'll show show Holy crap, it's almost like being in Europa You grow up, you grow up He was grow up in it There is something for everybody On that show, I'm saying that I mean, that was like as close to a full frontal nudity as you'll ever see And at blind with a gigantic watermelons And you didn't even see the locker room scene, they all female Unfortunately, the locker room scene Damn, that's enough I saw that I saw that I was peeking For my curiosity I'll tell you that I'm peeked, it's peeking right now Back, maybe I'll take another peek So anyway, channel 23, we'll find out that name of that show It's like obviously, I got a great idea Maybe from one to two we'll just put the pictures from channel 23 on I'm gonna do a blow by blow That was heavy, heavy Doody, we kindled my interest in life Hey, by now you've been here to talk about Laminate Soros And how Laminate would flooring from Laminate Soros is the easy Low maintenance alternative to natural wood flooring Laminate Soros is the best place to find Laminate It would flooring from Peridore, Pergo, Wilson Art, Uniflore And Quickstep, they've got all the top names all installed by Pergo certified installers Here's another good reason why I gotta be calling Laminate Soros Their prices will floor right now You can get through some of special steel for just 1995 That's right, just 1995 bucks gets you up to 382 square feet A beautiful Laminate wood flooring is unbeatable and unbelievable Elaminate Soros will match any legitimate written offer too If you'd like to get a free and homestead with no obligation Call Laminate Soros toll-free at 1-877-777-3336 It couldn't be easier, they give you free carpet disposal Free furniture will be a 25 year warranty and years and eons A beautiful easy care Laminate wood flooring Call Laminate Soros today toll-free at 1-877-777-3333 336 9 And low ball This is 420560 2-1 2-1 I'll give a sh** me more You know I just don't get this time man I know I turn on the MTV and I see like the angel though Looking all cool, he's got a shirt off and stuff and all the girls we like And it, how do I do that? I don't know how to do it I don't know how to do it How can I be cool? I don't know how to do it I don't know why I'm not cool I can tell you why I'm not cool Here we go, here we go, come on come on I don't have a card that goes boom Cause I'm too wide Your way too wide, don't wait too wide come on come on I wear cheap bad shoes Cause I'm too wide Don't cheap bad shoes, look at your crackle I won't shower at the gym And you wanna know why Why don't you make me want it Cause I'm too wide, come on Cause I'm too wide Why do I? Because I'm too wide Here we go, come on I don't have to do it The brothers call me crackle As, cause I'm too wide Are you crackle at it? I don't understand that dude named Ellie Oh, cause I'm too wide Wait too wide man My girlfriend, she left me Why is that? You wanna know why Yeah, tell me, tell me, get her her crackle Cause I'm too wide Cause I'm too wide Cause I'm too wide But I can't play the basketball Because I'm too wide You know Jordan was up Jay will complain well Cause he hates me and why You hate that man, white boy Magic Johnson got the edge You wanna know why Why is that? Hey, why is that? He banged away He banged away He banged away He banged away Oh man Oh my god I can't sing in the song right Cause I'm too wide She's way too wide man I don't get the death comedy jam Cause I'm too wide I just don't get their jokes I don't get it I can't get the girl these girls I don't like the fruit fly Yeah, yeah I hate being white, hate being white I hate being white But I'm too wide No, from the makers of VK one The central both sexes Come the nilets and aromatic aprodise acts They just for homosexual V-I-C-K one In the diff new fend for today's alternative lifestyle Some balloons can lead you to feeling half cocked And smell doesn't last long With V-I-C-K one You just scored it on your face and you're good to go V-I-C-K one Scientifically designed with jubilant guns And she firm extracts V-I-C-K one In a 12 inch bottle with a purple tip dispenser It's V-I-C-K one And comes soon The all-new fend for lesbian S-S-Y-1 The little eastern world Will be exploded to dominate people killed With the gas that we sold him First time a grister nation and they only won That's going now more blood will be spilled To get that oil going Forget about Korea and The nooks they're toasted at us We're right queen Is really in over and over it to our hip That Iraq has some Femphens of past destruction 3,000 people killed Are now forgotten Let's exploit him instead Eight there's oil to be gotten Going after some time to play Kdo's summer There's no longer mention of The name is lotting But no it seems concerned All of the incomplacers Believe in every word of this cartel It's been a situation that controls us My fear through me and the manipulation And a right queen Is really in over and over and to our hip And Iraq has some weapons of past destruction The loss of civil rights is the Price that we're paying We're all suspects now not the Ashcroft This is it I have nothing to hide Table partners all are saying I know BD and cattle don't have any Reservations Fowl them provoked Fowl them, we're the annihilation Old regimes must fall And have a virgin and stoned With no objection at all Till the