Oh, Erkelly, he's known for his seductive style, his suggestive lyrics, and for having relations with underage girls, which means now all of his songs are inappropriate. That's why Jail-Mate Records presents, Erkelly's greatest inappropriate hits with inappropriate tunes like... Oh, man, is that ever inappropriate? And that's why it's called, Erkelly's greatest inappropriate hits, with improper favorites like... Open grind. Yikes! It's Erkelly's greatest inappropriate hits. You'll ask what is this perfect thing when you hear completely inappropriate songs like sex me, your body's calling, go low. And is most recent inappropriate hit ignition. Come on, Erkelly, she's not even old enough to drive. So, she'll have to get her right from her mom to pick up her copy of, Erkelly's greatest dinner appropriate hits. Ha! My name is Erkelly. Bees by my new feety, so I will have enough money to free the country life. Oh, I can't even explain this. It's an appropriate hit. Oh, I can't even explain this. It's an appropriate hit. Available wherever records go on and has no excuse whatsoever. Now, when he say, let me stick my key in your... Rectom, what? Ignition. In your slot? 903-560WQM-Happy Wednesday, too. And now it's not going to be the same show, but it's going to be very similar though. In fact, we're going to rip you an answer for three hours. Just three. And well, we got noon to one. Oh, I forgot. You forgot, and it's the Wednesday, no more. Oh, no. I'll play a lot of... Oh, no more. Three man hours. That would be wrong. The old man is starting to... Break, he started losing. I heard proof this morning on his show. I have a new suggestion for Gregory, the general manager of this place. You do. Yes. Take Neil his program off the air with people can hear it. And just program it internally on a loudspeaker system in the radio station. You're asking why would I suggest that? Why would you suggest that? Yeah. Thank you very much for thinking of that question. Okay. And then you say it for the interview. And give him the content of the program. Oh, you people in the radio station give a crap about what that pedicold man is talking about. Talk about the podcast and kettle-pues man, pathetic old man. Woo. You're in denial. See, I guess the age thing really got to him when we finally fingered it out. When we said that, with a pencil and pad, then sighed for it, and I've since he enjoyed watching Thai-complete baseball back in the early part of the century. He's got to be like over 100, his age. I'm serious. I mean, here's a guy that talked about his recollections of post-Sovle War. And he's talking about me being a pathetic old man. Woo, you kidn-mo, an addition of which the audience loves the inside stuff. One of our world-famous polls we did a few months ago. And far beyond anything else in the world, they want to hear inside crap, man. That's where I'll let shows us so popular. Right. Inside addition, outside addition, current addition, last addition. That's what the public wants. There's a lot of dirt. And believe me, a QM we got lots of dirt. We're blowing dirt all over the place. Look at that pool that he was upset about. He's upset about a lot of things, I guess. I mean, and here was my good-closed personal buddy, you know? Airbie Davis, when you think you're on the verge of really bonding with the mole myster and then all of a sudden he turns like a cornered rat. And yo, scotties right there with his head up his cloth me back. Yo, I put my head in some turpentine, get that stuff off of their gullies, certain mold. I had a good start here. Yes, they're 14.45. Look at that. What program changes, the WM need to make to improve big time, yes. Yesterday. Oh, by the way, kid, create. Be your boy doesn't really have SARS. Okay, you can come back to coats this clear. He's not going to take any chances. No, I think I know what chances, what a bunch of pussy's you got, yeah? No, seriously, stop and think about it. What are the chances of an even here? Even here, we're well, we're just getting into these little cards they're handing out now when you go to the airport you know or if you drive into the country in one teriyo little cards about sards what are they saying uh... officials here particularly the size of the of the crowds that indicated the determination uh... of the she is to have a larger voice in affairs yet she i'd say in fact the americans are saying all she i'd man a lot of crap going on over there and i rack but anyway i don't know what everybody so panicky about it's a very uh... must go to the hospital and breathe in uh... in hail a lot fourteen hundred and forty five ohds what programming changes we need to make to improve this station of course today and a mar were just killing some time boys and girls waiting till friday when the book comes out to winter book now ordinarily i mean you know ratings coming a go we get the trends every month and every three months is another waiting book this been go down since the beginning of time immoral somebody would say but i do have a feeling that this uh... reading book on friday will be the turning point for w qm as we know it or knew it or will know it did it would you agree uh... you're applying like they're going to do something based on that no but i'm just saying that if ever they did if ever there was uh... uh... action a jackson if ever there was a call for action now is the time isn't a shanshi died by the way listen to a little shanshi uh... son what a shame but her uh... her drop in lives on fourteen ever fifty one votes and moly will tell you man nobody can touch the moment he thinks only the see he really believes that it's only the people in the building all he'd a like poison so we ought to put the show on a microphone no the fact that we're going to be the most of the people outside he drew are you interrupting me again hit him on the side of the head Carlos good real hard four hundred and sixty six i mean you were given a little bit of a run for the money in the early going here and man he pulled away like secretary in the stretch the late chick Anderson could be caught in this horse race but they have probably won dumpmo get a new morning show four hundred and sixty six people thirty two point one percent almost a third of this audience and dumped them all man he blows dumpmo he blow move the old back to ten to two actually edge you out how do you like that for second place uh... two hundred ninety six he ran at the current you simple to spend two hundred ninety six people at the twenty point three percent so that's the most important programming change you can make is get the show where back of the longs were from ten to two god almighty or we like i said it's pay week on a Friday to twenty-five so we leave parents out of this and he's done such a great job of producing those paychecks but in the case of muff you ask whole yeah get with it get with it quit dick and around man tend to which we already discussed this eighty five thousand different ways for them to work that out to the do it how they talking about it now just just live service because they still want to continue using the nine to ten hours for me to try to boost up the lame lay mass numbers of this dottering old koot anyway look at that the votes are going up as i'm speaking here i could just do this in notice for three hours you know me yeah four hundred sixty eight votes for the moment get them off two ninety nine say get the oh back to ten to two keep your job the year two seventy four so let's see your six short a hundred ninety four votes he beat you by i'd be ashamed you're not even the same leaky anymore with a moment a piker i mean a hate you but not even a close to the hate they have for him no more marlins games one eighty one and that was a little bit of a late edition the marlins mood hey they won last night anybody care by the way the leaf suck that guy from fillet on pader calm you okay because i'll cut your ass right off team played good even though it's nighters and asshole and bob bobby clerks a bigger asshole and a philosophy fans the worst which that inspired me for the poll today but the least didn't show up a better team one and i got man enough to say that the better team uh yeah they want leave stuck back to the drawing board your key looming okay let's see no more marlin games one eighty one don't change a thing it's fine and even five percent seventy four people said that and even five percent we could do that again if we tried could we i doubt it seventy four that's not very good which means ninety five percent said there's room for improvement bring back the crow forty eight three point two percent want the crow they said the signal comes to them as the crow flies neostory tarot George step in forty two two point eight percent said i i'm starting to think about it we'll stop huh i'm thinking today would be a good day do that i got lots i got to go get a haircut i got lots things to do uh lots more josegaki thirty three and you know something hitchhike is risen dramatically in recent months only only since we all started playing a drop in oh my oh my oh my oh my oh my wow one more time for west coast y'all oh my oh my you notice how we'd moved him up in a world in fact he's picked up the slack where the beast dropped off the band and i will say moke as i know he's listening on the way home i will say this did i say was right about something yesterday i forget what it was need to i forgot but today i'll say it again about the beast i believe he was correct maybe that's what it was i think it was the beast you were right unprofessional and a detriment to the radio station he's a uh detriment to our lives and i don't know coming in sensitive comia dottering old fool uh you're an insensitive dotter okay but the fact of the matter is that i'm just stickin tear to try to uh you know say fat people of a death wish and that man has a death wish you who the hell's he kidding even at the freaking rascal house and shove it in god damn pickle sausages down his pussy 7 11 and eating a god gobs of soup at the uh herkune game who you kidden beast just this one time i have to agree with the mole man i think he had his thumb on it run on the beast forehead when you all have to see the beast where what if moza here pieces oh god i'd pay a thousand dollars to see that i'm serious i'd love to see that uh uh let's see if we can arrange it because you talk about a fat head he makes Joe rose look like itch about a crane is head a so big the beast and moza probably have to like sew two of them things together to cover up all of the beast balls fine i go snatch what off his head don't say snatch okay now let's see bring back the crow 48 Neil should return like George dip in 42 it's certainly a possibility lots more Joseph gacky 33 dumped the hump or 25 uh how pretty is very well they love you Hank even though they like to beat you out it behind your back and dumped a mad dog only 13 mad dog wins man hands down he's a everybody loves the mad dog we're not really sure why but i guess the old discretion what's not to like apply so oh it's speaking about it is wins they were getting ever closer that big they said it a the draft show in a draft party and all the draft stuff and mo continues to insist at least the last time i heard it the other day that he's not going to be there i mad dog was talking about yesterday he's already a talking what he's going to be doing and talking about and this and that so i don't think he's going to have much influence over the mad dog on this one does anybody else now so mad dog will be there because that's the course part of the deal but the more man since he's got such strong a numbers to back him up he's uh playing hard to get playing fast and loose with Greg's emotions can you imagine if they play by playguard for the team didn't you up at the draft party can you even imagine that huh no i just mentioned that in passing order some depressed leaf fans are on a cbc well it's wake up in this far we're left to wonder what happened hey i've had a week at our ask it nine thirteen at five sixty wqa if you find yourself in a really crappy miserable dead end job if you're unhappy about it if you hate getting out of it in the morning do it a work because you know you're just spinning your wheels and working for peanuts like an elephant here's the answer call our good close personal friends at fast train and they'll tell you how they can help you get started in a brand new high-pain computer job and when payday comes you'll have a big smile on your post so if you're tired of that dead end job if you're tired of working for some schmuck call fast train today they offer you convenient day eating weekend classes check them out of the world wide web if you like it fast train dot com so get out of your dead end job here's the chance you've been waiting for and you can call a fast train today toll free at eight six six fast train because they got locations all over town is about to be one convenient to where you live so it'll be a piece of cake going to class in just for short months they can have you on a road to a great career fast trains in Miami they're in Kindle temper pines and out for a lot of deal and don't forget to register at fast train dot com to receive your free American flag bumper sticker way that baby in the breeze proudly call fast train toll free one eight six six fast train got back right I 17 on good news for the uh the information Iraqi information minister is still alive That's what they're saying now he went off with his in laws some of the occurred and way that's a relief Yeah, the Iraqi information minister still live which is bad news for mole He might drive off the road. You better pull off to the side of the road and rest for a couple minutes old man because the Iraqi information minister may be starting next Monday morning With guilty, I mean, you see that pairing. I love it Uh Yeah, they can just crack in a background anyway. Don't forget our hot couples contest You can check out neoroggia's comment on our website now Carlos has really gone ballistic hunter have you taken a look at it? Yeah, it's great. It's Uh, flaming. Yeah, they're gigantic flames flames of love leaping up from the information air about the hot couples Uh, it's a good thing we didn't have those on their last time because with the exception of the winners. I think I'm saying Well, you know, it was a little shorts for the moment kind of thing I'm sure it'll be way better this time with a lot of people have some people on the contest this time who are Aiming now that's okay, too. Isn't that if we have a lot of time? What ever what I'm saying? No no sex. Yeah, just long on email or picture now. We take an emails yet or what? Beaver boy. They go. I put on me first, but um There's a reason we can't we can't yeah, they can already star because that you can find a way to it on there in this time We actually have some good prizes. Not that we didn't last time, but the winning couple will get the 3-day tonight's stay for two With a real waste is resorting casino to Bahamas including round trip air fair on Laker air Which is pretty damn good. We'll be doing this once a month for three months made June and Julio And you know the hot couples you know have to be naked in the pictures hopefully We would have want to see anything gross unless you really look good in that case We'd like to see a naked or maybe with very little clothing on So check that out on your Rogers come along with all the other brilliant things that Carlos and I recover put on there I'm a very proud website, which was right that is a door nail up until just a few months ago I mean that thing was an embarrassment. It was oh God Anyway But it was There was a lot of stale old crap on here Newels got 17 years left on his contract and all this other crap. I mean stuff from a hundred years ago Or pictures of Moa shakin hands with bay bruth on the mid-dirties. It was incredible What I didn't say anything. Yeah, you're starting in again You're not full and may you an Eric and Carlos again. It's the trifecta man the trifecta these three guys Heading to the like poison Now we'll get to the days pull momentarily, but we ought to take some very important calls first If anybody wants to rip mold by the way feel free we're gonna do it for three hours between now and noon just just out of spite For his intent behavior this morning. It'll be the same show as yesterday. Let me talking about me and ribbing me in at ya Well, we don't want to disappoint. We're here to please Moa. We don't want to disappoint you Although only people inside the building really care. WQAM Pretty good as the ripped them all line. I like you Reference the keeping George off the air. You know him. Do you remember what time? How you used to say that you were better alone. Yes, I do whatever happened to that you do you work Wait better alone and that's my thing Yeah, and I want to get you guys a little little What he called a car a little and local Live in Loco. I like that live in Loco hold it Will you come and see your ripping it because he's ripping you an ass? No, he says I work better. See Look at that Carlos was he stepping on me again or what? Always couldn't even see my lips moving. What is wrong with this man? blind Might as a bad probably cut that SARS from you By the way that big orange lump on Carlos's neck. We don't want to get people to building pancreas not SARS It's just old scars. See you told kid theory These are old scars. He had been alone here. Something is a kid and so there's scars in a kid career Thought he said SARS ran like a son of a bitch down the hall and it's probably spreading it all throughout power 96 You're infected kid infected. All we'll see how well that infect infectious. They are on Friday when it book comes up The you know in the past we you know always give the numbers out and a lot of times make a big production But never like we're gonna do on Friday. It's gonna be a major stab against it. I might even have a catered And just to show you what a prick I am yesterday. I went out guess what I had for lunch. I already told you You didn't can't guess be no boy. What do you think I had for lunch yesterday? Die die French toast oh Be the toast for a French toast Really good, you know the guy when they make it like big chunks. You know what you want me to mean? Take you ever seen that? Yeah, thick sliced Would like lots of butter and maple syrup real Canadian maple syrup a oh God it was good And then I turned around I see the person at the table behind you was like all red in the face and coughing We'll harden I ran out of there anyway Just in joke. It's just a joke. Okay, everybody is so goddamn up tight. That's the main thing in the world That's good everybody into a panic And also they can play all their little games behind our backs. Ah she I they're doing it again over there You ain't see nothing yet man in terms of psychosis the sheights are marching and the news networks in America Trying to make it look like oh this is great there exercising the religious freedoms They were repressed by son and for so long what they don't understand is they want the Americans out yesterday And they want to put them the same kind of guy the infinimental regime that they have next door in Iran That's what they want they want their own I atola I told you so how long before we get another sedan to To fight this one how many days See that judge is good with that stuff see if he just keeps his mouth shut he's real good with the drop-ins Ain't no problem. No, now we don't want you to dummy up all together although lately You're a little bit scary and The good news for the audiences starting a back of what is it on the fourth of July and out of our nation's birthday or whatever the hell that they really is the fourth of July starts that summer schedule of ours So I'll be on only Tuesdays and Thursdays to rest in July most of August and Georgia we have three times away unless we bring in somebody else Is there been any discussion about that with who me? Yeah, you talk yourself about it What about muff is he he been around this morning? I haven't seen this morning. Where does the muff myster? What is his story? Oh, and by the way Mo what the hell kind of crap is this that he's running at promo with doesn't bother me I thought it was funny with the Richie from board said about neo-rangers wearing a pink dress or whatever that thing was you know and the promo for Mo that ran a several times was a little shot at me and no problem. I can handle it But Tommy comes in I don't mind get Tommy in trouble but Tommy tells us that he can make any kind of promo For our show except if there's a color rip and mo we can't put that in there now what kind of double standard is that? Just because he's a thin skin up title old man? Yeah, what kind of what kind of programming is that muffin clearance you but plugs? What is that all about? He can run promo is mocking me and making all kind of doing rick send to him homophobic crap Which will get to by the way and I apologize to whoever affects me that on Monday I wasn't the mood for rick send to her on Monday and he's right wing homophobes But now it's such a big story. We'll get into it eventually After we take five six hundred calls We're gonna get to the pole for today, okay? And on over that schmuck who called me Monday about the flyers. Yeah, and again flyers are better team I told you that I didn't think the leaves are gonna win the series. I'm amazed I got to seven games Got really shown up last night for what they really are tired and old and bad defense But nevertheless he inspired me and what city will you find the most obnoxious people? That's a poll question today and we start with four obvious choices and then of course you can add your own As we'll build our poll in what city will you find the most obnoxious people? And this is just your opinion based on what you've heard what you've experienced Whatever buggy got up your ass Hopefully it's not SARS Paris New York Oh Phil Podelvia or Oh my amy And now you're gonna say Miami? Yeah, I'm going to so my Ho ho ho ho ho. I'm not I'm saying Philadelphia Follow up. It's there. That's not fair That's very unfair to my old friend What was his name David der Savito? Remember David Savito? No. He was a Permetic in a Hollywood maybe he's he probably still old ago David was from Philadelphia. He was a fine fine American Or whatever it wholly was fine aguito Love you David, but he's probably getting old and ugly now, but anyway, maybe he looked good So he was from Philadelphia. They look good. That's fine. The new nice people No, not even the uh, I don't know. Ferti showed the shots of the crown to Game Last then a fully man. What a- oh, you just look at a lot of those people to say, FET! Some of them probably are from the Fed Dying. Wouldn't surprise me. Not big on the Philadelphia's, but you're right. I probably vote for Miami too because every day I discover an issue on friendly, nasty hostile. W to QA and friendly line. See what I mean? There you go. That was excellent. Thank you. That was not saying. That was MoCol in a mobile front as way back to Boca. Thank you, Mo. For making my case. You best get case you. I 26 be sure and tell everybody in town that this Friday is the big day the moment of truth. When the winter book comes out. We're not just talking about one Aberron, like January, when a bunch of old-retarded, the drunken goofballs got diaries and accidentally put the moment down on it. We're talking about a real test. A real test of stick to it of this and longevity. I think by Monday he's out. How many times have you heard about an opportunity and you didn't act? You didn't grab onto it. You missed out. Well, right now it's one of those times. Rarely does an opportunity to rub the rest of what you're doing. But this one ought to. You ought to stop and put your head right up in the air. Stick it up there. Interest rates have gone down even lower than they were before. Which is amazing. The financial group was offering an interest rate of 3.45 percent and they lowered it to 2.95 percent. Now, rates have gone down even lower. 2.45 percent financing with the financial group. Let me say it again. 2.45 percent you heard right. So, confidential group and check this out. 1.894 Oland. Because these interest rates probably won't last for a long. Here's the window of opportunity for you to hop through with the financial group. You're self-iniquetable low rate of just 2.45 percent and say thousands and zittians and dollars. Coal financial group has a toll-free call. Be sure and mention Todd Brex name when you call. 1.894 Oland. What will 2.45 percent financing do to those monthly payments. You might be wondering, I'll give you some for instance. If you have a $200,000 loan, you pay only $786 a month. If you have a $100,000 loan, you pay only $393 bucks a month. So do it now. Do yourself a humongous favor and call financial group toll-free. At 1-800, 9-4 Oland, 1-800, 9-4 OLE-ND. The renequal housing lender, credit restrictions apply rates. There's something to change without notice. 5.34 APR. I have a new suggestion for Gregory, the general manager of this place. You do. Yes. Take Neil his program off the air where people can hear it. And just program it internally of a loudspeaker system in the radio station. You're asking why would I suggest that? Why would you suggest that? Thank you very much for thinking of that question. The reason is, I'm insightful interview. And give him the content of the program. I want you to people in the radio station give a crap about what that pathetic old man's talking about. Absolutely correct. Take this off the air. Come on. Come in and make a phone. Because I'm sorry. I don't go out at all. I send off the indoors. Because I don't want to die from stars. Oh, because of stars. I've got a surgical mask. I look like Michael Jackson. But it's better than catching stars. Because of stars. Every time I know is runs, I call my doctor. And he tells me I don't have stars. Because of stars. I cry all the time. Tell my throat kind of raw. Oh my god. Does that mean I have stars. Who is he? Hi 33 at 5.60. Did anybody come to Sonny Shining? Could we all wait for 45. 46 today? Hahaha. Well, we're going through one of those screen time things. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah. The spring up north. I mean, one day it would be like 83 and it's going to be 43. So it's a little variety. Come by the me. Sonny Shining is a beautiful experience. So it's a little bit of a variety of things. I'm going to open up the window right now and inhale. Really. And I can catch. See what's in the ear. I see somebody already voted on there along with me on a pool. You can put the pole up there already. You don't have to keep the pole down. We'll build it as we go. But you know, we unfairly, really cities that we have on it. And this isn't just the most obnoxious people in America or North America. This isn't a world. What city would you generally? I mean, you know, it's a generalization. But it's fun. It's a kind of stuff that they. They are. No other teeth on. What's that expression? They cut their teeth on. Oh, yeah. They've ever cut your teeth? No. Nobody's cute. I am. Speaking. Niel. I mean, my skin. Did you watch more of your last night? No, I did not. Was watching a hockey game. What have been a much better idea you're right? Oh, you made you leave Mr. Big deal. No. Nobody's mentioning it, you know. How big was it? Let me ask you a question. You didn't see the preview for next week? No. They show full back nude shot of your boy Clark. Black film. I don't care about his ass. I'd rather see. You're going to do the old cigarette spot. It's up front to it. It's what's up front to count. Take a thing. I'm smoked out in the back a little bit with a little clown. But they showed it. I really. I can't believe you haven't heard about it yet. I'm going to go in and market on a wall right now for next week. I said you will. Okay, my man. Thanks, man. He's not a pretty excited about it. Yeah. Wow. Woo. My man. He's my man. He's anybody's man. He's a man's man at the time. Well, I get I'm getting a swelling right now. I figured about. I'm not. I'm not into a ass. I know that's a very, you know, Rick Santorum probably wouldn't understand that. But then a lot of heteros don't understand that. These terminally heterosexual people like Rick Santorum and these other Republicans. Bad, you're a fag. Yeah, and of course that's the responsive. If it do that for years, the right wingers. They helps have to find a skate coat just like Hitler did. Of course Hitler found a lot of different ones. Rick Santorum, though. He's got real problems. Now he's got tourists under fire for comments on homosexuality. Top Democrats and gay rights advocates blasted comments by. Senator Rick Santorum of Pennsylvania, which he appeared to compare homosexuality to insets bigger men adulterary and then called on the Pennsylvania Republican to repudiate the remarks. One prominent Democratic group yesterday also called on Santorum to resign his leadership post in the Senate. Why'd house had no comment in this by the way? Guess who of course they asked and had no comment. Ari. Right. Ari. The fairy had no comment. This is just like Pete Williams all over again. Same thing. Same kind of crap. But nevertheless, I'll save that. Save that for the later. Because I don't want to read the moring dog column. Other great one. I don't think there's any words in there. I don't know either. I'm disappointed, Marine. It's really good. Do you take a peek at it? Yeah. Probably not. Okay. I'm bigger part. Nothing. There you go. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Did Doug come into tell you about the Schedule of Summer? No. Why not? Either have a thing-done school with the old Mulman this morning. Think that's possible. He didn't come and tell you the break of the news that Rick and Souther are going to be working this summer. Study you? No. Because they're not. I just thought I would say that. What do you need the extra cash? How about if they work and then they still pay you the extra cash? Hey, hey, great. I'll run the 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. What's city? Will you find the most obnoxious people? And also, who should we have fill in this summer since it's coming up very soon? George or somebody else? Give us some names. Maybe we can have Moodoo the show. Okay. He's only doing 3 hours anyway. What kind of a show is that? A 3 hour show? I mean, mad dog does 2 hours because he's like a buffer on the station. Plus he's got that other business service, which is where he really makes all those money from. This is just like a hobby. WKOM? Yes, sir. I've been listening to you since you came to town back when you did, used to do the issue oriented shows. Oh, I'm so sorry. And the best way to, I think you ever did, was when you were doing the, you know, how on the else stuff. It was the best way of having done this part of the show. Oh, wow. But I got it. I'm sort of glad that you could go underneath your skin because things have, Well, what do you mean, you could go under my skin? What does that mean? Well, we start talking about the periodocles on the radio. Yeah. It got here. And this left of it. And I don't even think that this band is somebody other thing. I think this stuff with the mo. What kind of target is mo? Well, I mean, just day after day, you're firing away at them. And so, so I know it's what you're trying to do as tummy would I should do on the show is that was at the purpose of the call? So the purpose of the call is to tell you that I don't understand what's, what's your, contribute. I'm not, now, wait a minute. You just got through tummy about mo and about, you don't understand that. You don't understand what George contributes. What is it that you do like about the show? Let's find out about that since we're not talking about handling the, any more since it's old, old crap. Well, I, I like your personality. I like the way you handle colors. I like the show. You mean like this? Five say, I'm not interested in that. Crap, he's going to give me a critique. He's critiquing George. I don't want no critique. I'll talk about mo all I want. The other is take a look at the pull from yesterday. Sir, Mo wins hands down. This guy must have a thing for most hairpiece. Must be in love with it. It listens to the day you came to town, but you don't, why don't like this, so we don't like that. How about if we do all your hand, they'll step you out. What do you say? No. Man. Cranky, crabby in that perfect for our pull. Twelve votes on there now. The pull is up finally. And what city would you find the most obnoxious people? Mommy's six, Paris four in New York two, Philadelphia, and none yet. None from Philadelphia. That's because there are a bunch of front running phonys. Probably see a bunch of people running around with flyer. Uh, Jersey's on now all over town. And through way they're red wings, Jersey's. Now they got flyer, Jersey's out. I know that crowd. W to Q a m. Hey, that's a meal. Yes sir. Hey, I want to answer your pull. Boca. Boca? Absolutely. Okay. And, um, I was in Boca. I'll see there I go again. Oh. I think that guy was right though. Sure. Yeah. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha. Huh. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T. But he didn't give me no alternatives. See, I'm asking you, I'm giving an opportunity. George sucks to click any hangs of the phone. See your phone technique. A lot of you people your phone technique is weak. Very weak, weak and weak. As we seek to take a leak during the break. 20, 10, 5, 60, there's that fat Alfred Hitchcock on there. After what happened to them. Yeah, what happened to you man? Good. He looks like he got caught at a buffet over the weekend. It couldn't find a way out the door. Speaking of foods, speaking of people that are fat and grow test like Hitchcock. Kind of curious to see how we play now. So, my, I think I was going to be trash for straight. I could be wrong, Kim, but I think I was going to kick your bloody ass. The lights are west, Boca can help you lose that disc. Look at that disc. I can't even get up out of the chair, Hitchcock. Kenneth must macho, Alfred Hitchcock or Ken Hitchcock. You know, Ken Hitchcock? No. Shut up. The lights are west, Boca can help you slim down with over 700 low carb sugar free products. Whether it's number one, I can's dot to any low carb sugar free diet. The lights are west, Boca's your low carb super store. Come in and try some of their newest bakery products like chocolate cupcakes and brownies by carb control, control carb whatever they call themselves, but only one effective gram of carbs per serving. And be sure and check out all the other great things they have in a store too like low carb pastas, sauces, dressings, cheesecake, chocolate, and their famous soft serve carbolite ice cream. Don't forget to let's west Boca like in Brad products or 25% off all day every day. Talk to their knowledgeable staff and you'll see why they've been around for a long time. They're open daily 10 to 10 and you'll find them on the northeast corner of Glades and 441 next to Boston market. I'm like some of the old people in Boca. These people are friendly and they'll treat you right. Call them toll free at 1-877 low carb or shop them on the net if you like it low carb.com. Check this place out if you're trying to lose some weight and looking for some really great. Food ideas, the lights are west Boca, your official atkins retail centers. My local V6 is 560. The ring is on your top. You ain't him. Dear blow. It must be my mother cause we're all home. She says my day is coming up and I can't afford a stay at home. And then she says I need something much more than a car guy. Listen up, cause the same very hard ride. Call my restaurant and buy the food. It's my mistake and I don't want to go now. My mother told me you better take me out. You better take me out. You better take me out. You better take me out. You better take me out. You better take me out. You better take me out. You better take me out. You better take me out. You better take me out. You better take me out. You better take me out. You better take me out. You better take me out. You better take me out. You better take me out. You better take me out. You better take me out. You better take me out. You better take me out. You better take me out. You better take me out. You better take me out. You better take me out. I'm 46. I'm 56. You can't. What do you waste all your time talking about that old man? Mow for in George blows on the air. And why you doing this? Am I doing it? And my amy is the most obnoxious people on the face of the earth. And we're out here to prove it. You're doing a good job today so far. Twenty two out of fifty one votes say my amy. The most obnoxious people you'll find. Paras 13 the York 12th of the love you for. You won't have any yet. And we'll add much more while we. If we get any. Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. W to Q a m. All right. Is this new rug? Yes sir. Hey Neil. I was watching hardball last night. I'm so sorry. I like that show. I like Christmas. I don't. Anyway. They showed those lunatics and I rack out in the streets. Yeah. And how a sixty percent of the population is she. And they want an I at Tola and they want to rip back. What I ran's got. And I just said what in the hell that we go there for. And all we did was open up the Pandora box. Yeah. How about how about the hundred percent on employment rate they've got. Pummerkerson unemployment. I mean, the people one thing that they keep saying over and over again is that most of us were working while Saddam was here as bad as he was. We were working. We had jobs. We had some ordered to our lives. Now there's total this order. There's a complete chaos. And almost nobody has a job because first of all they have a shop that hasn't been burned down yet. It's been looted. They have no merchandise anymore. And if they work in some kind of an office, most likely the buildings already been blown up. Chris had on the show. Chris had this guy. I can't remember the name. He looked Middle Eastern. He works for New Week International. Anyway, the guy was saying. In order for us to keep from the she eyes from taking over and installing their the accuracy and whatever. We'd have to stay there from three to five years. And I'd tell you what. I just don't see the Bush administration or any administration having to wear with all. To stay there for three to five years and put out with suicide bombings and whatever else goes along. Especially while we're busy invading Syria and all these other places for example I got a story here today. US has plans to bomb North Korea new plan. So we're going to be real busy. I guess. Have a great day. Pentagon has drawn up plans to bomb an North Korean nuclear plan if it reprocesses a spent nuclear fuel rods according to an Australian newspaper report yesterday that was downplayed quickly by Australian officials. Signing well informed canned burrosources close to US thinking the Australians for an editor Greg Sheridan said US is produced a blueprint to bomb young beyond if the plant went ahead with reprocessing spent nuclear fuel rods to make Adam bombs. He said the plan also involved the US strike against North Korean heavy artillery in the Hills above the board of South Korea threatening the capital's soul in about 17,000 US troops stationed nearby but Australian Foreign Minister Alexander Downers shrugged off the report. He said it was a real downer which came on the eve of meeting in Beijing between the US China and North Korea aimed at ending a six month standoff over Pyongyang suspected arms programs. How do you like that? But we're standing by just in case we're ready to bomb a baby. We're going to be a bomba crondes. And then we're going to get Syria and then we're going to get our ran and then we're going to get Cuba and then we're going to get Mexico and Canada and Falkland Islands, Los Angeles and who after that? Libya, Uganda, Ireland, Scandinavia and any place else we feel like it on a given day, right? Yeah, Sudan. The Sudan only demoed. 560560 on the AT&T and Verizon. In fact, the CBSI's going to do that. Sudan for those week numbers. By the way, speaking of numbers Friday, Mark it on a calendar maybe. Oh, it's going to be a tremendous day. We don't know if it's going to be good or bad, but I just have a feeling in my bone and it's going to be really something that we're talking about for months to come. I'll be something other than Moe, but we can talk about most bad numbers. That kind of called a minute ago. What is that all about? I mean, what would it have come from? Huh? All over the place. And what are you talking about, Moe and George Sox and used to talk about Hallendale? I mean, you know, sir, I think it's time to like take a long dirt nap. You know, I think it's that time. WQAM. Hey, it's Danny from Atlanta, George. Yeah. Oh, it's like, I know, geez. We don't put George on a phone. People are tearing up to it. Listen, I know. Okay, I'm driving a bra or boulevard. I was trying to know, is he your listen? You got to put 4,000 votes for me for Boca. But he's not just saying, I'm going to tell you why. I work up to have my dinner park where they have the concerts now. And working with dealing with the people from Boca is it got to be worse and have you tone those both hour and dusty flyers. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. You wouldn't believe it. You're so obnoxious. Everything has got to be catered to that. Never wrong. As a Tony Bennett show, this is older guy in his wife, we're sitting in the wrong seats. And I said, sir, these people are supposed to be in your seat. You go, well, you know, I didn't like the seats that I had. So I moved over here. Oh, I. And I said, I think you just cannot do that. I go, you got the seats over there. I'm sorry. I'm going to go. Well, I'm a retired judge. Can't you see things? My wife. I am. Where do you. I swear to you on your dog. I. That is the true story. I can tell you more stories. You can imagine. Well, I'm going to my dog never went to Boca. Okay. Thanks, Danny. I'm out of great time. I'm out of great time. Okay. Danny says, Boca sucks. How was we had the Boca song? But I don't have any. Any of it here. You haven't. It's not in the thing. No, it's just none of those many things that obviously should be in air that is not. It's never been in air where the whole is it. You're asking me and the only place that it might be would be on at Boca Brian Dixtah for that Embercing First one made with his puts on it. Oh, on somewhere. Huh? You got it? Look at. He's looking for it. 64 votes. And what city will you find the most obnoxious people? Miami 26 New York 17 Paris 15. Filtered up. He finally is on a border with four. It must be Billy. What tells his name at Bobby Clark fans. Booker with tone two. Billy Smith fans. Sorry, Billy. It's wrong city. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. WQAM. Yeah. Meal. Yeah. All right. Look. Crawford and Washington D.C. Are the two most obnoxious cities in the universe? Yeah. And they should be on the list. Crawford Crawford Texas and Washington D.C. Well, we'll put Washington under. I think we're good too many votes for Crawford. Thank you. Sure. Have a great life in D.C. That's you got it. I got moved out by some of the. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I can't know. Don't know. The ball we have. I've got to be somewhere. He's got to copy. I'm sure. And he'll bring it in. You know. I'm not going to. I've got to be somewhere. He's got to copy. I'm sure. I'll bring it in. They'll bring it in. Are we coming today? Yeah. That's going to be too late. 5.670560 pound five. 50 on the AT and T. Oh, God, that was cute. But it's the same show as yesterday, isn't it? I don't hear anything that's the same as it was on the yesterday. To tell you what, what was telling you. Oh, I would like to hear this one more time, just to make sure that I heard right this morning, Hannah Huron. I have a new suggestion for Gregory, the general manager of this place. You do. Yes. Take Meal, his program off the air where people can hear it. Just program it internally, the loudspeaker system in the radio station. Now, there you go. I love it. Great. First of all, I guess he hasn't checked out our signal lately, and so it's about the fact that he's listening on a way home to Boko right now. Because the idea that our signal is on here, we're somebody can hear it. That's a falsehood of begin with. Who can hear this station? There you go. It must be driving up the old Hershey Highway on 441 right by the power lines. WQAM. Yeah, I promise I'll be a chronic this time. Yeah, okay. WQAM, hello. Yes, sir. Got to be on the top of the list right there, man. Who? Oh, haven't you heard? Well, look, what kind of places are these that you're talking like, you know, soft-footed municipalities, local and local stuff? I've been trying to officially a city now. I know that, but it's like saying, sweet water. You know, I'll put it on there just to pass it on. That's the last one of those. I'm not even putting that on there. That's just, they look kind of pleasing. Get, get out of playing, get out of bus, get out of town somewhere. Okay. In what city would you find the most of the notches people? I'm waiting for somebody to say, Pembroke Pines, you know? I mean, what is that? Carol City. Yeah, Carol City, Opalaka, Norland. Kendall. I mean, what are we talking about in the whole world here? And they come up with an aventura. Oh, my God. I feel so bad for me, you know what? Just like Tom Deli, we said, I feel sorry for me. That was a cute movie. Maybe the beast should have seen that movie. That's all. We're not on your side, no more beast. You're out. You're done. By the way, did Doug ever bring in a copy of Gildy's contract? No. Why the hell not? I don't know. It's quite a reminds one. I know, just how much that little squeakers making there in the morning. That's that show must have close to a million dollar budget by the time you put in the big bucks that Zach and the creeper are making there. And you got Mo and Gildy. Right? Let's talk about a million dollar payroll on a three-hour show that's the salespeople that it couldn't sell that can't give the spot to weigh. I mean, what's the story on that show? 9. 56 at 5. 60 WQM hairs a place where they're not given things away, but next best thing to it. And that's how the potty XGMC, you know, they don't give you your cars. But they give us such fantastic deals. Like I said, the next best thing. Tom Layman and Joe Prieto right now are running three great Neil. Neil specials for you. For listeners to this show. Neil, the number one. Get you a 0% financing for 60 months in every potty XGMC in stock. Neil, the number two. Get up to a $4,000 rebate on every new GMC in potty XC stock. Up to a $4,000 rebate on every new car in or truck in stock right now at hellet. And Neil, the number three. If you're currently a GM smartly, sir, smart by customer and rubbish every blazer and old's provide or GMC Jimmy by or lease a new potty XGMC in get you an $5,000 off the price. Stop by hellet and test drive the all new and powerful potty XC ran pre. Solid potty XGMC then making great deals and at same sensational occasion. For 35 amazing years, 134.16. That's on US one across in the falls open every day, seven days a week. To add more information on these Neil deals, just call the Neil theo hotline, toll free at 1. 5. 3. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 5. 4. 4. 4. 5. 5. 6. 8. 9. 9. 4. 9. 6. 8. 9. When there's a bomb in my shoes and the melody in my heart I am that you're taking the feeling when I blow the place apart You show the world that my pain makes me feel so too far now Your life is worth taking for my religious reason why When a bomb on my feet I would have went spun on your seat I thought you might have gotten out of time When there's a bomb in my shoes and the melody in my heart What a wonderful way to do that it is way You know, you need to go, you need to go, you need to go I'm fighting, you need to go I'm fighting, you need to go Well, so the good thing is I found that The bad news is I assume since I have these book-abrient archives You know, they have allegedly every bit that ever didn't as life And some of you stole from other people Yeah, and it's not on here to book us He's bringing it in today I kind of crap as that, why is that not on his archives I don't know, and I know it's on MeatBook Abrient And I used to have a personal copy in here in the studio somewhere I can't find it Somebody would have that baby out Somebody with some like finger jackass in that building Oh, and for me? And for me stole it, huh? Well, I don't know Well, we've got a bunch of light-fingered clowns running around there And of course, Muff who's among the missing today is what we understand He's, you know, they can't do anything for us Put a lock on a door to anything to make it a real place of business It's kind of like a rack all over again We have a rack in a phobia queue And where we place it just open up, you know, open up the rooms and loot to your hearts Content like Fat Boy used to steal a candy at the power 96 room Out of their promotional office? What do you mean used to? Oh, and speaking of Fat Boy, so Jeff, hi, yesterday And we talked about him a great length, I told you to be the same show today I get yesterday afternoon a fax two faxes from Fat Boy Hi, I'm Pally You're not getting the food, you have a crap, I don't lie We got good memories, okay? You didn't lose any weight on balance for life You didn't stick to it, and you're just a man who is a deathwish And like I told you before this show today, not only the beast, I have no room anymore For fat people with a deathwish But you had friends toast for lunch, and I had almost nothing to rest of the day My blood sugar this morning was 116 which ain't too bad, okay? I'm doing just fine, I'm making nice comeback At least I'm making some kind of a feeble attempt once in a while Supposed to these people who pretend you're not fooling me Maybe they could fool you for a while because you weren't a fat person But they're not fooling me because I know what it's all about Fat people with a deathwish Who just want you to just, you know, they'd like to be buried side by each with you Here's a facts from Stephen and Snoth's deal who says I'd like to dominate Scottsdale, Arizona For having the most upnotchious people on the face of the earth The people are such right wing goose stepping all about me butheads They make my mispopulation look like intellectuals Also, they is Michael Moore's birthday And you're like that He has a wife, you know? So I guess we ought to play So that would be a subversive as we're repeated to be And I don't know Michael Moore's birthday Happy birthday Michael, you're okay on our book I think you like Americans is celebrate by having your visual thoughts as Stephen Thank you Stephen and Snoth's deal You got that on there, Scottsdale, Arizona? We got it, you got it Well, not that I got the book and write archives out This'll be good for the new to one hour Especially with piss off that guy that hates book is so badly 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 I mean is this pull a difficult question To try to add to him, you know, we'll talk about whatever the hell he won But the fact of the matter is it seems pretty obvious to me In what city would you find the most obnoxious people We're not talking perokio like a five blocks up the road Well, the people live three blocks away from me on the east side They're really assholes Now that's not what we're talking about But this again puts that big spotlight that gigantic focus on just how perokio south of it is Evan Tura, I mean just Gag me with a prune man, Evan Tura 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 Pound 5, 60, on the AT&T and Verizon line WQAM 5 Yes sir Ashman Ashman's band Ashman's parable Don't know resupply Yeah, okay, that's it No reason, no right, don't put it on there Ah, I hardly disagree anyway Well, I mean just just to call it give me the name of a city How about the table? There's a city Hamilton Ontario, there's a city WQAM Bail Yes sir I hope you let me finish George sucks, George sucks, George sucks 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pound 5, 60, on the AT&T And Verizon Wireless line WQAM Yeah, I like to put up things in there Finghamton Yeah, Finghamton's a biggie, yeah Okay No What do you mean no, I was not just on the fence to put it on No, oh chance 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pound 5 And we're picking up what we were off the other clock, our yesterday We even had a ball spot guy Yesterday The guy who started shrieking and yelling about You're lying to us, damn Then he just started with a lot of non-seqlers Took me about 45 seconds to finger him out He was okay WQAM QAM Yes sir, speaking Deal Yes That's your graph So much for the greatness Nice going by the Minnesota Wild by the way Oh, oh Yeah, it was great the way he just to fake him right out when around him and stuck it in there was beautiful It was a beautiful sight And I'm a red wing fan And I'm feeling pretty low now How about a Detroit is pretty bad people But that's a point Hey man, okay, thank you Detroit not bad Detroit's pretty disgusting scummy place I don't know if the people are that obnoxious But we'll put it down just in general principle Detroit He's just looking as one because the wings got swept At least the least one three games anyway, eh At least we'd stretch him to seven against a much better team Right, we just gagged and choked 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 A lot of playoff hockey, 7, I'm sure in South Florida Not gonna stick about that White thing in the playoff's not to keep going They wonder first round over the capitals It's going to be a camp of a bit It's something good we could say about them not too much How about lutes WDQIM Is it some mo-hate line? Yes, mo-hate line Mo please take care of that infected meat curtain 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line I'm gonna get to some of these bedtime stories You know because I've only got till noon So far I thought this pulled me a piece of cake But then again I keep forgetting about how parochial South Florida is Now most of these people even though they claim to be from some place The last 20 years they haven't left the north of Palm Beach County That's to them is a big outing I don't get it Don't want to be going anywhere now though you never know what you might catch WDQIM Hey mo- Yes sir It was on the... Hey, we have an altar like a tower man We'll deal with that We have we on a hole, we're not putting anybody on hold I mean the dancing was ringing for like a while Because we're doing screenless You're on right now man, don't waste precious time Because you could hear that dial tone again real fast Hey, you need to speed it up with to get up I'm calling man Yeah Yeah I'll come down to the state to mess with you Yeah And George too Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Hey mo- How about you leave for last night man? Yeah It's brilliant 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T You come on down to the state and just beat the crap on me Okay, just beat the snap out of me We got a needle blow up now sitting there And it's here I'm afraid anybody might do with that though You make it a little carried away WCU I am Meal Yes sir Hey, that's all in that guy Hey, you know, you know, I'm not just people that live here in Miami Well like the people in New York They were born there in New York They've not just people that live here in Miami They weren't like necessarily born here in Miami They're from Miami Well like let me let me say this again And let me read it to you again And what city would you find the most of the boxes people The most of the boxes people are here They aren't here but they weren't necessarily So can I finish? Just finish my point Oh sorry The question doesn't imply that they were born there That they live their entire lives They're the question and what city would you find The most out of the boxes in other words they've gravitated to what place Well, all right well New York and Miami for sure The top two But like I say the New Yorkers that are here Make this place the way it is And they would go back to what would be so many of the boxes people here And I'm going from here I'm from somewhere else Where are you from? Where are you from? It's Berkeley Oh, I would be pointing too many fingers if I was you I'm not going back anytime soon I'll see in the cool mind Or I see you later I'm not going back anytime soon And the bill curry Remember Kitten Bill Perra I think he's kind of kid curry And the Votes he's due to sports on KDK 560560560 on the AT&T That guy had a call before in the first hour man And that what a trip that is you know But listen since you've been on but I'm glad Tom Jick got under your skin And they start going to this whole list of everything He doesn't like whatever to how we do on his show I'm real happy with his show lady I'm actually enjoying this show now Which I believe me in the five years we went on this station I can't take too many times I could actually say that With all the crap that we've had to overcome We shall overcome that's a theme song on his show As they continue placing obstacles These big hurdles to jump through to try to accomplish anything on QAM Now every time I hear him I just just I get like an extra sensation when I hear Mark Morgan on QAAM You don't know what I mean? No 5605605 F60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line Now how's the list going? What city will you find them? I see I think when I ask these poll questions they're fairly straightforward They're fairly simple We don't have like making the audience jump through Whoops to figure out what we're talking about And we're not talking about little municipalities in parts of South Florida Okay just because it may officially be a city In what city would you find the most obnoxious people? We're trying to build this list we got 165 votes which ain't bad but nevertheless Miami 50 New York 39 Paris 36 Boca 27 Philadelphia 11 Crawford text and I said what did I say about Crawford text us? George I don't know what you say about it I said don't put it on there Don't I say that? I don't know Can anybody hear the words that are coming from? What is it? You said that about the last one that was said not about Crawford No I said Don't I said well put Washington DC on there We will not put on it was the guy who said Washington and Crawford I remember like it was today like it was only moments ago You know what I put Crawford and not Washington See that this is what we're dealing with Okay, we're dealing with a little bean of boy it seems to have an overpass And we expect this guy to know something you would know how to find Crawford text us with both hands, okay? Much less Washington DC which I guarantee they would let you rest in it. They probably have like a federal alert If you drove into town in your little grove a boat Watch what these Texas Oh my god, I know what I give up. I just reach the point I just give up. You throw your arms up in there Okay, I surrender where's the white flag where's the white flag? Oh my god Crawford Texas he puts on there, but Washington DC doesn't So we got Crawford Texas with a vocated off of the airic and Scottsdale Arizona with one, it's not still We've just reached the point where we have a favorite to communicate That's the problem on this show Just like me and more. I think if we could just communicate No, not Silly dot ring old fool And oh you talk about silly wait till you hear that well, I'm not going to read it to where he wrote it This copy that Troy Stratford desperately tried to pound out here If I could spend, we'd be already till 2 and a half to know we'd run over longer than mode does Just going over all of the stakes in his copy Anyway the Panthers in the heater done for the season and the offense is no good started for another three months But there's lots of live action going on and you can be a big winner at Pompital harness Track TRACH open for live harness racing wins days Fridays and Saturdays three nights a week First post time some 15 p.m. free general parking free grants that admission as well Come out to Pompital Park enjoy the thrill of nighttime horse racing action And don't forget every Wednesday like tonight is dollar night at Pompital Park Says here every day at Pompital Park is dollar night. Guess what Troy Every Wednesday is dollar night for dollar grap beers hot dog sodas pretzels and lots more And for all you derby lovers Pompital Park will be open for viewing and weighturing on this you can tuck you derby may third Which is a week from Saturdays. Dave Johnson may be con I'll check I'm sure how it would all park don't forget we got live racing tonight 715 of course we got simultaneous from tracks all over North America Highlight Thurber at harness racing every day 7 days week starting a noon great live racing 715 29 and 3 nights a week Wednesday Friday and Saturday at Pompital Park a block south of Atlantic Boulevard on prestigious powerline road God radio holds big that ugly radio hold radio hold the scene of sales holes only worth radio radio radio hold What would life without radio holes radio holes radio holes He's a radio hole like what do you expect like you know consciousness queer channel radio holes Yeah, that's what they got over there programming a multitude of stations. It's the queer channel radio hole Does this sound good to you radio hole radio hole come join our exciting staff of radio holes It's a big hole where your radio used to be once a creative outlet for DJs and talk show host How is a big radio hole radio hole Now great Oh, it's a truly truly discharged radio hole Now what the hell was that I was gonna ask you that's on a book a library It's called rainy AM radio holes never heard that before my love. That was great. I love it was an amore. I know that much was a book I was up on the background of plotting after was over Could a swear heard him bleeding over Was that George speaking to me just a moment ago before you open up a post That's a similar kind of question is was that vocal laughing in a background Oh my god. I'm I'm telling you I I I I I I that's all I can say today. I I I I I wow That's almost as good as this fact that informs me heard on Randy road show yesterday That the Republicans are planning that I'm an convention for the September 2004 to coincide with the third anniversary of 9-11 Right before the election as we've all been reading in the newspapers anybody reads an article we had here on Randy show though I'm just thanks down and they'll label we already know that and what can I tell you Democrats who dead the O a dead The I W did in the water Do you think that was book a Brian shortly there at the end? 567.0560 you know where we're gonna send Carlos for an all spends paid the vacation for one Crawford Texas paper Yeah, you're paying now that you're on a direct deposit just take out a loan on your future paychecks if there are gonna be any WQAM WKAM 2AM God WQAM hello Can you just do this show yourself and cut their frickin mic so far right at eight stock? I think you got a point today WQAM hello WQAM Okay, this is working real by let me do the marine down column okay, cuz I you know they just don't get it. They don't get the question and they're in a real surly mood They're trying to prove that you're resolved with the poll which Miami is leading by the way by over New York when Miami can anybody can lead over New York. That tells you a lot Marine down rights in the days near or times of chest banging here and there There's nothing scarier than conservatives in transports of social and political engineering The Republican strained to appear indifferent and interact not wanting to be cast as overbearing imperialists Lieutenant J. Gardner the New York and vice-war effected Docker's look, limiting Arabs and jackets and ties The Bushies pretend that we don't want all access past Iraqi bases we do that we're not interested in influencing this position of Iraqi oil We are that will state of Iraqi politics even if they go fundamentalist we won't and that will leave Iraq soon we can Even as they stifled their Paxameracan imposes in Iraq the imperialists flag or would they Paxameracan at home Carl Rov is broken creative new ground in a polling political opportunism by pushing back to the Republican National Convention in New York City Does September 2004 see there it is the latest day for a convention in the parties history and only days away from the UNO win Mr. Rov envisions merging the Madison Square Garden party with the 9-11 anniversary commemorations into one big national security law A pollusa perhaps President Bush would just skip the pretense of the garden and give his acceptance speech at ground zero Another red meat moment rich sent to him the obnoxious Pennsylvania senator whose number three in the GOP equated homosexuality with incest bigger me in polygamy In every society the definition of marriage is not ever to my knowledge include the homosexuality he told the AP that's not to pick on homosexuality It's not you know man on child man on dog or whatever the case may be even mr. Santoram's old mentor new king rich felt and boldened the slither back on stage With a proposal to we visorate the state department after following to reshape the American character when he became speaker 94 mr. Gingrich Ultimately faced ethics questions and criticism for having an extra marital affair with the young congressional aid after pushing for Bill Clinton's impeachment over his extra marital affair with a young white house aide He stepped down in 98. Gingrich did the man who once depicted himself as an arouser of those who form civilization Step back yesterday to where clans to civilizations between the Pentagon and the State Department and remarks at the temple of triumphalism here the American enterprise Institute Mr. Gingrich's announcement colon policy domain is a broken bureaucracy of red tape and excuses and demanded it be transformed like rummies The attack Mr. Paul for Nazi media would visit rather than bomb Damascus and for prewar fader diplomacy with Turkey Convenient the ignoring the fact that it was the Pentagon hawk Paul Wolfowitz who would try to fail the talk turkey with Turkey Rummy used taken on a Mars-like glow among carnivorous conservatives who crave more and more and more red meat circulated a co-brookian memo on North Korea according to the times David Sanger While Mr. Paul pressed her diplomatic talks in China to help the escalate tensions between the US and North Korea Rummy's memo suggested that the US in China gang up on the crazed Kim Jong-Eo the force of a gene change Even as the conservatives some third chest in Washington They've gotten a little bit nervous watching thongs of men flogging their chest bloody in Carballa, Carballa Their cool irrational skins for establishing 18 centuries to aldermaccy everyone up against eight century practices of Islam The bushyes were unpleasantly surprised by the subtmustularity of the she ate cluduk clerics in southern Iraq according to the times Iranian trained operatives of crossed into southern Iraq to help the sheights who are demanding a state like Iran's And the station officials have whispered other fears to be porters that some of the weapons of mass destruction may have been removed to solemnly tear was in black market Excelluating the plover feration and proliferation aid hope to prevent or that sottom oil is their sneaking back into the government waiting for the Americans who were their short attention spans to pull out As long as these bathes have in scene Americans trampoline digging up sottoms corpse or his WMD they can always hope rights more end out at today's New York time. How do you like that? I like it boys and girls 560 5050 5050 50 now one person is called in said Baghdad yet where do you find the most obnoxious people on the face of the globe? 60 say Miami Paris 51 I had French toast for lunch by the way yesterday New York 48 Boker return 37 Philadelphia 14 Scottsdale Arizona once not stale Washington DC's got one in Detroit don't have any on 2113 boats 567 05 60 pound 560 on a AT&T line a line nine you always know what this is gonna be WQAM QAM QAM WQAM Yes sir How are you? I'm okay. I've had the misfortunes because I have family there to visit the city on many occasions, but I find Atlanta Georgia to have some of the most obnoxious people I have ever met in that all the more could see it in. I can't stand going there. I can't stand people they just think that their stuff doesn't sink really really think that their city is just I think that's a really young place. It's a very young who do you They don't get that they're just you know crackers. I mean if they don't get it they think that they are world class that they've got everything going for them and they walk around you know very I hate going there and I actually like coming back here when I'm there. There you go. That's always a good idea find someplace that you hate like poison go there for a couple days Then you really want to come back to South Florida something to make you want to come back like to spend a weekend in Tampa that'll do it I went to school there. I know I went came home every weekend U.S.F. or University of Tampa. South Florida. I'm glad you got out alive. I did. I did and I have to go back again unfortunately during the year for family visits, but I will hold my nose and you know carry on. I'll see you at Crystal in Loots. Please have a great day. Thanks. Well, no, good. There's a nice lady. How do you like that? It only took an hour and a half to get one on the air. It's a little bit hard to get five six seven. Oh five sixty. Palm five sixty on the 18th. T.T. line. We got Jim Ed is your one. Hank Goldberg at three to Humper. Marlon's on Drec at six thirty to pregame show Milwaukee Brewers at the Marlon 705. How many people are that game last night? About thirty man. I went home outside. I think we funny if I never came back. Well, you know where you leave your reading material in the toilet. Right. So I'll let my newspaper in there, but the box scores are all being here. I'm assuming not seeing. Devil raised beat the blue jays, but the blue jays are consistent. They lose every day. Can't like the least. Oh, let's see. I don't see the box score here. Oh, that's bad. Majorly baseball last night. How's that possible? Well, somebody will have to look at it for me. They're I'm really wondering what the announced attendance was for the Marlon's and the Brewers last night. That's it. Is this game in town? Because it's his here. The Brewers at the Marlon's. I'm sure that Carlos will check that out for us or some one of our sportsers will come running right in there with a. Clarice will be either in just a matter of moments. 27 after 10 at 5 60 WQM. If you ever thought of getting a wireless phone, I'm sure you had because most people now got one. You know how valuable this to keep in touch with your business associates during the day as well as being connected with your family at all times and even your bookie. Well, don't postpone it one more minute. Get a done today called wireless city a team of a authorized dealer. Call them now. Tulfree at one triplet. Two to one 80 80 in wireless city would deliver today to your home or your business. You're new wireless phone ready to use wireless city a team of authorized dealer can offer you service plans perfect for what you need like their new 39 99 plan with 600 whenever minutes and unlimited weekends. Call wireless city now. Tulfree at one triplet. Two to one 80 80 call today and get you the new small size Nokia 3390 with vibrating call alert and hands free. Just call one triplet. Two to one 80 80 service agreement required. See printed materials are authorized representative of wireless city for limited and complete details. Wireless city be your team of authorized dealer column today one trivalade. Two to one 80 80. Why do you support radio 5 60 2 a. You a. There's a but everyone loves milk and cereal bars the delicious new way to eat breakfast on the go from generic meals. Yeah, but I'm not a big milk and cereal thing. Well, that's why we're expanding our line of breakfast bars to include all your morning favorites like the all new bacon and egg bars. But I have the every back end of it. We hear you. So generic meals has made every conceivable breakfast into a delicious bar. There's the two day old pizza mountain do bar the host is cupcake and you will bar or the alarmingly popular black coffee and marlboro light bar. And for those who need a little hair of the dog try the all new shot of urban and beer chaser bar. I call breakfast generic meals breakfast bars when it comes to artificial breakfast foods for people who stop carry we've raised the bar. It's 1032 I screwed up the beginning of that because I was busy distracted trying to find the attendance 1015 was you know, attendance. I'm sure you already had this for me being a boy right. Yeah, I did of course. My sky will get that on the list. Or shall get to momentarily in the effects that inspired me then. My name is when it but it's tight between my man I see Paris the reason they're saying that when you know what the reason is they're saying. Yeah, even though of course it is true. My me 64 Paris 59 New York 50, Voka 39, Philadelphia 15, D.C. has got a pair of snotsdale's only a one Detroit don't have any 200 to anyone vote. A very very interesting facts inside information to be broadcast inside the WQM building I better get out my megaphone we don't want to put this on the air get more upset. It says the NFL draft QAM broadcast party the Saturday from noon till question mark will be hosted by former Miami dolphin dolphin's broadcast during QM host Jim Mad Dog mandates. So right appearances also be made by the QM personalities like Steve Goldie Goldstein the big oh and former dolphin the big dog Joe rose. Dolphins play by play broadcast during QM host Howard David may not be able to attend as he has other commitments to these stars for star's foundation and their weekend at turnberry aisle. Now who would he be full and with that if he pulled that off everybody. He wouldn't know he would have be full in anybody. Because he's already been pontificating for weeks on here about he's not going to go unless the man who don't put in the suit. Who doesn't I'm putting the suit gets it straight not in pays a extra he's not going to show up this sounds to me like the kind of stuff he did with westwood one. They've got him uninvited to come back now could be wrong. I'm just reading between the lines but of course in somebody that building communicates with us and we get no information whatsoever. We have to rely on our sources on a fast machine. Isn't that basically how it works right. Because we get no information from clearance from muff they're all in hiding now they're holding their meter whatever they're doing. And by the way they word I heard before the show today is that Carlos got infected by muff that's what I heard. I don't want to give you any details. Huh? Well, Kingcory was wondering what the gigantic lump was on his throat and I just thought he got infected by the operations manager. I can't go into the grey details but that's the rumor I'm hearing. There is a spot marked on the wall right out there by the control room for the other shows. Granted Connecticut for the poll somebody says actually it says any city in Connecticut let's put granite on here. Can you spell it right green witch? I'm not talking about you and talk about being boy. He's had a lot of stress. He's not even I've gotten for him contracted his illness. They said they could contract him. Here's a fact it says woodwards book. Oh yeah, I wouldn't read that bush at war in general as a general reflection to W. But there was two things of note I thought you might want to know one is a quote lifted from juniors daily journal. Commenting on the Ask and War George W. wrote this is a war in which people were going to have to die. The no shmit it says people die and wars who know. The other thing was about your personal good friend Candelisa on page 92 would were right about a cabinet meeting at Camp David. We're going to read the book. Why is that the group in a sing along of American standards including old man river. Oh, we strain yourself. Nobody knows the trouble I've seen and America the beautiful. What no Led Zeppelin to his it says undoubtedly the worst place on earth is Moscow went there for a conference and the people like to be the most obnoxious ever anywhere. Service we got my scondolas. How do you like that that old man river sounds like they did. We had that one night at the macaroni grill member that right. Schufer was up there on the table with those shoes that were like four sizes too big like the like what's his name. What was that name of the waiter and like how's your full on me in the made. I don't know this hundred years ago. It'll come to me remember when he came with those shoes. Yeah, a fact or no no no. And I'm not talking about that Robin Williams remake. We're talking about the real one like Kaja full. These generate. 560 pound five 60 on the AT and T and Verizon wireless line WQAM. QAM. Hey, are you doing body. Okay sir. Are you sitting down? I'm I'm strapped in. All right, buddy. 10,000 150 was announced to 10. No. Yeah, that's right. That's pretty good. Okay, thanks a lot, pal. Oh, I heard Dr. Rackens died. Yeah, he did. 560 pound five 60 on the AT and T and Verizon wireless line. I think that's actually pretty good number for the Milwaukee Brewers. A non-edity of team, which of course is owned by the. The commissioner baseball with nobody can figure that out. It's got interest in one of the teams that he's commissioner. Make too much sense to me. But nevertheless, it's all corrupt anyway. WQAM. Yeah, hi. Yes sir. I just want to make to make a couple comments. And you know about North Korea and. And our act. Yeah. Oh, is this deal? Yeah. Oh, I knew. I knew you'd catch on. I love you. I just want to say I love you. But I want to make a comment. It's kind of funny. Jim John, you'll have come out and said basically he doesn't. You know, share what we say. He's going to make nuclear weapons. But you know, really thought it was not even though he is a dirt bag. And it's come back. You know, we're saying he was going to, you know, file, make nuclear weapons and stuff like that. And it's at us. And now I'm not know what was the mass destruction in that country. And on which is even said that the information is broken. It's at the United States, you know, games. But they don't want to attack North Korea. What's up with that? Why don't they want to do this? Because if they attack North Korea, that the blue like five six million people in Seoul will be dead on the first day. That's probably why. Okay, because I, and I just don't understand there. How they can go after a country that we conquered him. Why don't you, you don't understand. That's the reason they picked it. Just like a way we've been telling you for weeks now that they were going to a game plan to pick on a country that had two-thirds of its army already annihilated. That had no defenses to speak. I mean, we could go in there in a couple of weeks or three weeks, whatever it was. And just blow right through there. And of course, now the obvious question is, now that we're there, what the hell do we do with the mess that we made that we've got left? Right, because we got about five or six, the 10 different times of people. How are you going to bring all those people together? And how does she, how you majority is like, totally up in arms, we want to stop. And they underestimated the she, I stringed over there. What are they going to do now to bring that country together? So they don't have the same mess gone like they did not win in the early 80s. Just keep in mind, we liberated them so they could do all these grotesques. They're doing right now. We liberated them so they could turn the country into religious, nothing up like that. But better than Franklin Graham. And we're to tell you before the show that Pat Robertson has come out and said, For a strong, we want to get to the world. We put in a secular state in Iraq. We don't want North theocracy. They're like in Iran. We want to have a secular state because if we had a theocracy that would keep him in his Christian Fanatics out, he don't want to part that. He's already salivating, rubbing his hands together. Waiting to get his hands on all those Dinaras. Just like remember, looking for him free Dinaras when he gets up here. No chance, the rumor. No shot. Tomorrow's D Day, man. This is the day tomorrow's the day the rumors are showing up up here. Oh, god. So if I'm not here tomorrow morning when you come in, I'll just shoot the show. You'll know I'm just hiding. Either I got stars or I'm hiding or both. I think there's a much better chance I'm going to hiding. And oh, I got a great idea. Yeah. Yeah, if I get that phone call, I don't want to mention no names. But if I get a certain phone call from a certain somebody, I might say, I'm having trouble breathing. And like that, you know. That might get the job done. Maybe these respiratory problems. I got a bad headache. And I just took my temperature. It's about 152 in a shade. But if you want to come out, fall, see in a few minutes. It's 20, before 11 at 5, 16. I'm going to get you a. Hey, I'll tell you one thing. If your mattress is worn out, you're not getting the kind of night sleep you deserve. And your back isn't getting the kind of treatment you should be given. Because you just don't feel right without a good night's sleep. How do you do the right thing? You make one easy call to our good friends at dial a mattress. Talk about them all the time. Our friends at dial a mattress are the best in the world because they give it unbeatable deal all the way around. First of all, they got the best brands going anywhere. They got silly, certissimes king coil. Every size, every style, no bait and swish. They've got everyday unbeatable low prices. And as far as deliveries concern, you should know by now. It's unheard of. But they give you the two hour window any day, seven days a week that's convenient for you when you're going to be there. And then they'll show up on time. It's amazing. Once you buy a mattress from dial a mattress, you'll never go back to the showroom again and help subsidize somebody's big overhead. And don't forget when you do buy your mattress this way from dial a mattress. They set up the brand new and take away the crappy smelly old bedding for free. That's right. I'm like just about everybody else in the universe. dial a mattress sets up the brand new and takes away the crappy old bedding for free. So make the call right now. Do yourself in your back a big favor. Get you a great night's sleep guarantee for weeks and months and years to come. Call 1-800-MATT-T-RES for dial a mattress. The easy to smart way to get you a great night's sleep. My my my. And low. This is for 3056. You way too way. How young is too young. You're the man. Hey man. Hey who this? It's Jeff. Hey I was in your restaurant and it's about like upgog. What is upgog? I don't know. What's up G? Yo, yo, yo. Get it? No. Okay. Hey, Richard speaking. I was like, It's a catering order. Hey, Richard. Yeah. I was in your restaurant. My wife and I and she was commenting as I was. Then it smelled like up dog. Like what? Up dog. What is up dog? No, what's up with you, G? Get it? Ha ha. Ha ha. Ha ha. Hey, I was in your place. And it smelled like up dog. Hey, I was in your place. And it smelled like up dog. What's up dog? Not much. What's up with you, G? There was up dog. What's up dog? What's up? Dog. I'm busy. What? What you want? You're a place smelled like up dog. Okay. Bye. Get it? Ha ha. Awesome. Yeah. How are you? Hey, I was in your place. And it smelled like up dog. What is up dog? I don't know what's up with you, G. Get it? Ha ha ha. 1046. Now the promo that played there at the end of the rejoin. The last break. Yeah. Can we play that again? Because as usual, I wasn't paying a lot of attention. I was getting prepared for whatever crap I was going to do here. But it sounded to me like it was a promo for the draft day festivities on QM this Saturday. Right. Here we go. Which is correct. The promo that we're running or this inside information that allegedly is going to be a memo inside of building. Good question. Hey, go up those checkered pants. Yeah. I'll drop there with checkered pants. I'll people laugh about it or the joint. That's it. Well, I guess you'll have to tune in Saturday to find out. Of course Friday when a book comes out, he might now want to show us face and public on Saturday. You never know. We're asking today on theorodgers.com. And what city would you find the most obnoxious people? Based on my experience with those Philadelphia sports fans. And I use that term very loosely because they are obnoxious. They're disgusting. They're boisterous. They're out of controller assholes. Paris. Let's see. Well, Miami just tied Paris for for 74. New York 55. Bokeh 45. Bokeh. I got to wish we had that song. And then it's way down to Philadelphia 16. DC force. God, it's not stellar as old as God. One Detroit one. And no votes for Atlanta or Amasco yet. I thought we'd get a much more diverse list than this when you. I think. But we just star audience just don't get around that much. Here's a facts from Maria who is not a chronic. By the way, she says I don't want to be a chronic. The person who factually did that we were guarding the beast after the hurricane game. At the game. I'm hearing your reaction since then. My friend called me this morning and jokingly asked me if I'm able to sleep and I'd after dropping the dime on the beast. If you dropped the dime on him it would bounce but that's about all. You know how many yards it would probably bounce? I've just thought you should know that I'm not hurtless. I do kind of feel bad. Don't feel bad, Maria. Just think it's a shame he lost all that way 62 pounds he doesn't have the will part of continue. Especially since all the food he is to eat to lose the way this prepared for him. It should be a no brainer. Here he's getting all of this great food for free. They've been bringing it right to his door. We've been talking about him making him the star the centerpiece. He doesn't want to lose it. I know the difference. Believe me. This is a young man with a death wish. He doesn't want to lose it. Do you know what I'm saying? Yeah. In addition to which he doesn't understand anything about credibility. He doesn't care about our sponsor. He doesn't care about his own credibility. If I came on here, I said, I'm not 140 pounds on balance for life. If I did that and I showed up in town when I'm going to be back in a few weeks. And then what happened? You'll find it? Did you gain it all back? How can you do that? To be showing up at the ball game and at the Rascal house. I'll never forgive him for that. Forget about eating. They're just even showing up there. I mean Robert Greeper. That's a perfect place for Greeper. Okay. Professional self-hating Jew. Who's an oldie at the in training? Oh, brother. Perfect place for him. Huh? Maybe he was by. That's not relevant. Okay. We're not talking about Rimmer. We're talking about the adult. She says, I hope for his sake he gets it together. So I hope so too. But I'm, I'm, I'm, I've watched my hands of it. I can't, I can't use this show as like a reform school for a perfect fat people to rest in my life. Can't do it. You really let us down. Okay. And in addition to which you're always right. You're unprofessional in those broadcasts and I hear you. We got too many children on your QM. That's the problem. It's like, it's like a broadcasting school. It's like the QM that, that did that we play. That's why everybody likes it so much because it's true. It's true. I'm not saying that they're on, I mean, like, letting him our test. He's a good guy, but it's true. He can't speak either. Let him our test. And he knows it. He knows he can't speak. That was here we're doing on the air. Am I right? He knows it doesn't stop and but it's true. It's true. It isn't the true. Yes. God, almighty, what a place. But, you know, you're going to have a whole bunch of flunkies around a work cheap. Like, you know, clearance. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5 has duped in and yet would get these a contract. Not with the contract, but he did pop in to say hi and give me, you know, doctor's report. A doctor's report has even to the doctor. He's been to the doctor. Oh, my God. I told you where, uh, a beater boy got sick for, oh, how do you want to know what he's got? He's got a shave chest at this. At this point. I don't want to hear about this chest. That's the last thing. I want to even think about it. I have a second close. Oh, no. Makes me think around Jeremy all over again. He got a shave chest. He had an EKG as at it. Yes. And, and he's just fine. No, buddy. He's starting to get a real, uh, neurotic, uh, what do they call it? Hypocondria? Hi, but that's the one I'm looking for. Hypocondria. I think I'm going to come back this weekend in the show up Monday morning. Unexpected and just breathing. I just came from Toronto. Oh, that's it. Watching him run like a son of a bitch. I'm kidding. Yeah. So what was the problem? He was at the doctor this morning again. He spent an awful lot of time at the doctors. Yeah. Well, you can't be, uh, you know, relax. We might have to like isolate him for a while. Might have to put him out in a rubber room again for a couple of months. Just so everybody else can be safe. Look, we did a more beater boy. Because I did like, I think he loved me. That big lump on his neck. That was that a freedom kiss. 560560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line WQAM. QAM, hello. Yes, sir. QAM? Yes, WQAM. Yeah, I have a CD. Oh, that's new. Yes. How are you? Pretty good. How do you? We are not Austria. Oh, terrible. There's Austria. Yeah, I'm Austria, but that's think. They got to add it to the funeral from Vienna. You're not Austria. You're not Schmidt, right? Okay. I'll probably, you're not. Okay. Thank you. So have some veneration. It's for us. I will do. Okay. Thank you, Bill. 5605, no, this nobody said I'm sure I'm going to Of course, sir. I'll be honest with you. There are plenty of obnoxious people. Amsterdam, but It's not in the running with some of these others. They're plenty of really nasty rotten. And most of them are Dutch. 560560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. That one lady on air, where give me a little bit of hope. You know, I thought we have a whole bunch of women Call in today with suggestions with other brilliant comments. Now, not a chance. WDQ, I am. How about those disgusting fans and Oakland who I actually The latest loss they write in. Yeah. Well, this isn't so much about sports, but I think in general, You got a good point. We'll put that on our Oakland is okay, because we're desperate for some additions. Oakland's good. So he's thinking strictly in the sports. Sirman, that's part of our promise that we're on a sports radio station. It's the kissed at it's a curse. Then you're okay, stuff, by the way. But that's, you know, all this time it's a doctor. Good luck. This, of course, would have had a mic to talk, you know? With a stroke and a government knows what's coming. Next probably pops some noise. I don't quit eating that French toast. It's kind of the way of punishing you. You know that, don't you? 560560 pound five 60 on the AT&T line. Miami's got to eat two votes per 70. Six Miami's pulled it away and deservedly so. They must be listening to the show. New York 59, Boca 48, Philadelphia 17, DC 50, everybody. I'll small potatoes. Small potatoes so far. Come at a QA on the deadline. Hello. Yes, you have Philadelphia in your list. Yes. Because, you know, I don't think I think as we flip the game at home. What the barbecue do you? They broke my heart is what they did. They broke, and they're going to get the rest kick. Once it got to be too tough and I made that point. I thought, well, I was right. They're going to get the rest kick. Then I just went out for a walk. It was beautiful outside. Well, actually it was like, Sleeping and nasty and cold. I still had a better time. You know what I mean? No. You don't want to watch a sporting event when you know your team is going to get Clutched. Well, I had the tape running just in case some miracle happened, which it didn't. And I just got that a lot of here. Went to my little convenience store. I put on my mask. I got some diet soda. I mean, I did some productive stuff. As opposed to sitting here watching some ball. A stupid sports event. I knew there was a four-gong conclusion. By the way, George, why do you ever do to him? To sit him off that way. I have no idea, but I'd like to know so I can do it again. WDQAM. Good morning, Neil. How are you? Yes, sir. When is this? I'm listening to you driving into the keys. I called you a couple weeks ago. And I had the same comment. Someone needs to dispatch Howard David in the mouth and get rid of his arrogance. Yeah. He's his punk. And old punk. See when I think of punk. With a happy, man. He's done all right. Okay. Have a great day. Have a safe trip, amigo. Thank you. Bye-bye. An old punk with a bad hairpiece. Huh? So the promo says Howard David, but I noticed they say his name real fast. And they're close to my heart. They've been in a gym and a... Huh. And the memo. Now maybe the devil come in here and straight you out on that. And because we'd like to know, the voices that often must be on that broadcast. And... And I almost forgot about this. Remember I told you I ran into Mad Dog a week ago. Sunday at the airport when I was leaving. And he was coming back from Detroit. Yes. So one of the things he mentioned to me is get to he ran into. Who got an offer to do a play by play or maybe I shouldn't say it on the air. Well, he got an offer or something. I don't know if he's taken it or not. He's good buddy. Bill's in for it. So his in for it's going to be just fine. He's doing great. But he's, uh, he loves Bill's in for Mad Dog. They worked really well together for a lot for nine years. I think I was. On those dolphin broadcasts. Yeah. Then we talk about mole. 1056 at five 60 W to Q a M. Let me tell you right now about a great place. Speaking of being around for a long time. More not to his nine years. But 25 years in town. Very few businesses of any kind last that long in this market. But Brandy's uses celebrating the 25th year in business in South Florida this year. Any independent family shoes store or any other kind of business to last that long. Gotta be treating their customers right and doing you a lot of great things. Like giving you a unbeatable selection and they do. They got rock ports echo is Mufisto Timberland, Tarts, S.A.S. Floreshum all the top names in these shoe business to make sure your feet are are doing the right thing. Then they have a wide range of sizes. What you got teeny tiny feet or big fat ones like Tom Welling. Don't forget Tom Welling. Make it next week on Smallville. Men sizes 6 to 15 women's five to 12 and what's from the very narrow to the very wide. And don't forget their professional sales staff. They know your feet inside and out even by the aroma they can identify your feet. They know and they give you personal service to make sure you get a perfect at every time. And with over 40,000 pairs in stock in their gigantic 8,000 square foot mega store, you can be damn sure you can be George and Carlos's life on it and the old mole monster as well. That they're going to have exactly what you want in stock. Brandy shoes you'll find them at 1290 North Edible Highway in Palpano Beach. They're open every day. 9 to 9 Sundays 10 to 5 and right now a great time to shop Brandy's as a Seaslicker of Women's style naturalizes Ron Special Sale. Take 20 to 60% off. So stop and or visit Brandy's on a web or hit like at Brandy's shoes dot com. My life and local this is for 20,562. You and him. Shannon, I thought the purpose of present. If you will. Come on, Senator. Senator, though, wouldn't it be better to have the deficit? That's got a bad idea. It gives us $400 billion for the leave. Maybe even to the Clinton Library. Perfect. Leadership is about panic norms. And can you believe women's right and small because we're stronger. Are you looking for one? Look, let's give up our home land security education. Social security and Medicare. Oh, 11.15. 60. It's our bigger 11 in noon hour because noon to one. It's Wednesday and thank goodness for that. You forgot all about that, huh? I did not me. What if I lost what happened? I got to read this. I got a couple of bedtime stories. Maybe two or three or four. Whatever. You've been reading to that. Yeah, because I went out there to see if any of the powers that be know the answer. The powers that P.S. To that question about Mo and the draft and everything like that. And they're all in a big promotions meeting. So there was no one to talk to. A promotions meeting. Yeah, WQM. A promotions meeting. Right. Now is Doreen playing pivotman and a submitting? Huh? These are the meetings where they tell Miguel to take that big prize machine out. Way more often because that's why the promotions events suck because the prize machine is out there. Speaking of sucking, the rumor around the building was and it drifted all the way up here, wafted by the fact machine. The only reason we got those trips to give away on that hot couple's contest was because finally after being pressured for how many years has it been now. Miguel had a service Doreen to squeeze those scripts out of him. That's what I'm hearing. What the good thing he's in that meeting, not hearing that. All the way, we do like Doreen lots since he got into what was Mo. See, and again, if it was just me, like that chick, guy's called in the United Clock Hour. You know, you and his small. What kind of person is he to pick on? He's a sad old fart. It's trying to get everybody canned and stirred up more crap in the last year than all the other 5000 people I've worked for in the last 500 years put together. That's the way he is. A nasty, miserable, mean spirited old fart. A professional rabble, browsing trouble making egotist asshole, but other natties, okay? In what city would you find the most obnoxious people? I don't think they like the poll today. I mean, we got over 300 votes, but it's not, you know, it's not heavy duty. I mean, I think we put like, if we made it into like a local dispute, you don't want to mean like avid toura and all my cities more obnoxious than yours is plantation, yet whatever. Well, there's something for another day, maybe. No, I'm not going to pittle around with that sophomore kind of crap. Talk about, uh, for real. In fact, isn't that what they want to see? Yeah, it's all good at pretty good school. Anyway, my name is got 96 perus 85. My name is Lavin Perus in the, in the, in the, uh, thing in its wake, just like mold that few in his wake, how did smell? Funking. New York 64, vocah 54. I'll tell you for vocah for a little horseball place like that. 54 votes is a lot. That guy that was very enthusiastic about that. And Adam and the foaming at the moths, your friend Danny from Atlantis. Yeah, I think he had a good pointer too. Atlantis is that one of your swing clubs? Club Atlantis down on the beach. It's nightclub. Big. Yeah. Or what would you say that like I'm supposed to know what that is? It was very controversial for a while and there were having lots of fights. I know that. I do know that. I remember that very well. But am I supposed to like hang out there? How about the button on the beach? Oh, and we never even mentioned about crazy. What's his name died here a couple of months ago? Crazy. The beach gone for Lauderdale. The father of spring break. What was his name? Crazy. Cool. Ah, geez. I must have been off that week or something. And of course, as usual, you overlook the important things. You don't pay tribute to a guy that really deserved it. Greg Newell. He was the fun guy. He was the father of having a good time on Fort Lauderdale beach. And then all the stars you go in came along. Oh, no, we don't want that in the beach. Oh, they came in there and started beating the crap out of all the kids. Anybody in the base of 100, not one in here. Oh, brother, what a place. Miami 96 per. 85 New York 64, Volcan 54, Philadelphia 18, DC 5. And that's it. The other ones either have one or none. I've never been able to figure out the ones that have none because people call them in and then they don't vote for. Well, maybe those people don't have a pewter, you know. Anyway, this is interesting. I think the Palm Beach troublemaker for Faxing Listen. It says as luck would have it, this is from the LA Weekly. A 911 victim testifies that the carnage could have been averted. Mindy Kleinberg began by telling a befalde in the northeast so warm and clear that she literally skipped home after seeing off her 10 year old in 70 year old at the school bus stop. On that day September 11, 2001, her 38 year old husband a stock trader with catarphid steerled in the World Trade Center lost his life along with some 3000 others net days terrorist attacks. Kleinberg testified last week before the National Luck, this is 11-mile 2 weeks ago. Before the National Commission investigated in 911, the Commission took two days of testimony just blocks away from ground zero, hearing both from survivors and from experts who spoke of the hijackers financial sources and US intelligence lapses. Although Kleinberg's husband was unlucky, it wasn't bad luck that cost his life she asserted, Kleinberg detailed the good luck of the hijackers who could have been stopped at many points. Most of her account is fully documented, so allocations away to investigation. And it has here excerpts from Mindy Kleinberg's statement. It has been said that the intelligence agencies have to be right a 100% of the time and the terrorist only have to get lucky once. The 911 terrorist weren't just lucky once, they were lucky over and over again allowing the illustrate. The SEC. The terrorist lucky streak began the week before 911 when the security has changed Commissioner SEC. The SEC in concert with the US intelligence agencies has sophisticated software programs that are used in real time to watch both domestic and overseas. The SEC out trends that may indicate a prisoner future crime. On the Chicago Board of Options exchanged during the week before 911, put options were purchased on American NEA and airlines that two airlines involved in the attacks. The investors who placed these orders were gambling met in the short term, the stock prices of both airlines would plummet. Never before on the Chicago Exchange were such large amounts of United and American Airlines options traded. These investors needed a profit of at least $5 million after 911 attacks. Interestingly, the names of these investors remain underscored and the $5 million remains unclamed. While were these aggrant trades not discovered prior to 911, who were the individuals who placed these trades had been investigated. The INS. Prior to 911, our US intelligence agency should have stopped the 19 terrorist remembering this country. What does it say? The US is a little bit more than a year ago. The US is a little bit more than a year ago. The US is a little bit more than a year ago. The US is a little bit more than a year ago. The US is a little bit more than a year ago. The US is a little bit more than a year ago. The US is a little bit more than a year ago. The US is a little bit more than a year ago. The US is a little bit more than a year ago. The US is a little bit more than a year ago. The US is a little bit more than a year ago. The US is a little bit more than a year ago. The US is a little bit more than a year ago. The US is a little bit more than a year ago. The US is a little bit more than a year ago. The US is a little bit more than a year ago. The US is a little bit more than a year ago. The US is a little bit more than a year ago. The US is a little bit more than a year ago. The US is a little bit more than a year ago. The US is a little bit more than a year ago. The US is a little bit more than a year ago. The US is a little bit more than a year ago. Push him off, Carlos. How is it possible that the National Military Command Center located in the Pentagon in a contact with law enforcement and traffic controllers from 848am did not communicate to the Secretary of Defense also with the Pentagon about the other hijack planes, especially the one headed to Washington? How is that possible? The President, on the morning of 911 President Bush was scheduled to listen to elementary school children read, before the President walked in the classroom, and had sufficient information that the plane that hit the world trade center was hijacked. At that time, they also acknowledged that two other commercial airliners in the year were also hijacked. It would seem that the National Emergency was in progress. Yet President Bush was allowed to enter a classroom full of young children and listen to the students read. Why did the Secret Service inform him of this National Emergency? Maybe they thought it was going to be a learning experience. In the case of a National Emergency's second of indecision could cost thousands of lives, is it luck that Aberen Stock Trade weren't monitored? Is it luck that 15 visas are awarded based on incomplete forms? Is it luck that airline security screenings allow hijackers to board planes with box cutters and pepper spray? Is it luck that emergency FAA in order to protect the land? Is it luck that a National Emergency is not reported to top government officials on a timely basis? To me, luck is something that happens once. When you have this repeated pattern of broken protocols, broken laws, broken communication, one cannot still call it luck. If it's simple, we don't look to hold these individuals accountable for not doing their jobs properly, then hopefully these spectators are not to get lucky again. And that's why I'm here with you all today, she said because you must find the answers to what happened that day, so it was to ensure that another 9-11 cannot happen again. And this was part of her testimony from a Congress about two weeks ago. I'd be like that. Mindy Kleinberg, who says that died in the WTC. Sorry about that missing page, and there aren't we George. Well, they tried to do a good job. They'll refactor them, sure. They'll refactor them, and then we'll stick it in there. They were not depending on this Rick Santorum thing has got a lot of people really porked off. I don't know why I should surprise anybody. That's why when it was first vaccinated here on Monday, I just looked at it and thought I'm more the same crap, same old, same old. Rick Santorum, Senator of Pennsylvania, Republican Senator of Pennsylvania, thanks to homo's our bad. He says that the Supreme Court says that you have the right to consensual gay sex within your home, and you have the right to dig a me. You have the right to plug a me. You have the right to insist. You have the right to adultery. You have the right to anything Santorum said in his AP interview, which was published on Monday. Gay groups were quick to denounce in terms of comments. The latest in the series of divisive remarks by some lawmakers. Senator Santorum's arms are deeply hurtful and play on deep seated fears that flying the face of scientific evidence. Common sense and basic decency. Clearly there's no camp compact in his conservatism. When he stackled birth political director for the human rights campaign, the nation's largest gay and disc-economic advocacy group. He called for quick and decisive action by Republican leaders to repeat the eight-cent terms of marks, and of course he's still waiting. The Democratic Senator of campaign committee called on Santorum to resign as Chairman of the Republican Senate caucus, the number three position in the GOP leadership. GB-Train Tratt-Lot-A-Rit-San-Torum. This conservative compassion is just, what is it? Out of control, compact and conservative, but it had a call it. In a statement released yesterday, Santorum didn't dispute the accuracy of the quote, but criticized the AP's deraise misleading. He said his comment was specific to the pending Supreme Court case. I'm a firm believer that all are equal under the constitution. He said, my comment should not be construed anyways, a statement on individual lifestyles, but according to unended excerpts of the tip to be released late Tuesday by the AP, Santorum spoke at a length about homosexuality, made it clear he did not approve of acts outside of traditional heterosexualations of acts. Just like any of you used to say, it's not the sin that bothers us. It's not the sinner that we hate it to the sin. Remember those days? Yeah. We used to be thrown out the orange juice by the gallon every time she'd say that. We love the sinner we hate the sin. He doesn't approve of acts outside of traditional heterosexual relationships. In the April 7th interview, Santorum describes homosexual acts as a threat to society and a family. I have no problem with homosexualities and I have a problem with homosexuality. Same old crap, same old, same old. Democrats waited on the early remarks throughout the day, sent him minority of the year time, national, so the sentiments expressed by Santorum of our own out of step with our country's respect for tolerance. One presidential contender tried to draw the White House in the controversy. The White House speaks the rhetoric of compassion and conservatism, but there's silent while their chief lieutenant's make divisive and hurtful comments that have no place in our politics, said Senator John Kerry, who was kind of scary from Massachusetts. How do you like them apples? But like I said, same old stuff, nothing surprising there. So these guys are a bunch of bigots. Is anybody surprised? No, we already knew that. Kiltson, good time though. Yeah. Twelve minutes passed 11 at 5.60. WCM got our big noon to one comedy that's our noon. Then we got the man dog at one. We got the hump or come along. At 3, they'll 630, the Marlon Pre-Game Show, Marlon's on Dreck, from PP Park at 630. The brewer's in a Marlon 705, the night, 80K follow in baseball, which is a tough assignment, and show in Mark Overnight. If your carpets look like hell, to make a long, in fact there's a great headline in the paper here this morning. Yeah. Okay. It says, Leave 7-7 go straight to hell. How do you like that? What a headline that is. I don't think you'd see that in the paper there, would you? What is it mean? It means the people at the Herald Shugo and the Sun Sentinel too, straight to hell. Anyway, if your carpets look like they've been in hell and came back and they're lying there on your floor, and you want to do something about it, they'll let him be dirty, no mole. Call our good friends, you dry concepts, and they'll make them look just like brand new, with that fantastic pat that method they have, they only people in the universe who do it. They dry clean your carpets. Same concept that's used to dry clean your clothing. That's why they call it that. Dry concepts got it good. And they'll also do us to finish job on your draper. Your expensive area rugs your, all kinds of your goods if you're a post-rever, the other furniture. If you have problem with pet orders or milled the orders caused by water damage, the experts in dry concepts will make them go away too. I guarantee I've been used to my house for over 20 years for a good reason. That's because they make my carpet look and smell, just like brand new, their lemony fresh, they grind a couple of hours, and you'll be amazed at how sensational they look. No matter how hopeless they are right now. Do yourself a big favor of called dry concepts and don't forget. You don't have to worry about getting ripped off because they give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they start doing a work. Call them toll free, 1-800-2-4-8-5-071. 1-800-2-4-8-5-071 or log under their website at dryconcept.com. And you call these folks you can clean today and attain tonight at Dry Concept. I've been local all these things since five-60 years. Where you're going to be? You ain't in. But, free, it's me. Hello, Michael, I'm your office. I'm your... Yes, sir. What the hell? Go on and finish it! What the hell? Are you doing to me? Are you a girl in the mean? That's right. What did I do now, sir? Hey, Glicks, Big Movie. Yeah, like, Piglets, Big Pays, a Pink Pole. What an amazing success. We're so proud of the animation in that... The Pink Pays is seven, Bizer. Seven. Get all of our money. We spent on that runty little stuttering pig. A like, $80-90 million. $90 million. A pig went in and opened. It's going to take me nine months to make my pregnant money back. But, sir, the animation is just... All the animation is terrible. I don't know what you're talking about. Oh, all the time. Oh, yes, sir. I got reem, I'm so sorry, Mike. I know, I'm sorry. Right up. Get there, you folks. Reemers, come in here. Get me some stuff you're covering with us. What's my hell you doing? But, you're the drainage system, Bob. Our drainage system? Yeah, you know, a system of automation, natural drainage, and this is used in trade-offs because water... I know what a drainage system is, Reemers! I don't need a drainage system in my office for heaven's sake. I don't even have a water bottle. I, sir. Yes, sir. I'll buy the way out. We got the ad. How did the Oscars go? Oh, funny you should ask, guys. Now that's my next topic. Was it an amazing time? What the hell? Go ahead, finish it. Are you doing this? Are you doing the made? Put me on stage with Jennifer Garner from Ali. Well, we figured such she's on ABC. I, you know what? I figured I'd do it just for the hell that it'd be fun. I figured I'd get a little action afterwards. You know what she says to me? I'm married. I can't do that. You're my boss. I don't want to throw down that rock. Hang on a minute, there's an explosion in my office. Reemers! Go, Bob. Reemers, it's like I'm wrecked. What the hell are you doing to me? That's like we're all both. Reemers stop blasting through my walls. I'm trying to have a bone conversation with my poor president. Get away from me, Reemers. Think like, go, come on. I, sir. Yes, sir. How about the hell? Are you doing the made? Well, also, how did it go with Jennifer? It did, sir. I got nothing. Nothing. Nothing. You wouldn't even give me a hand. Well, so you are a married man. I know what. You sound like mini. I don't want homes. I'm sorry. I'm saying it, Jennifer. Go on up. You're lovely. So much wanted to come in earlier. I said I don't want a mirror, mini. I just want a camera. Reemers. Reemers. What are you doing? Get the crew off. I'll get your crew out of here. I hear you. How about how? Are you doing the make? I'm a 20. Hope all those good log Republicans, of course they wouldn't be listening to the show. I hope that they're really proud of Senator Rickson's former public in a Pennsylvania. Home of Fovin Chief. I hope they're really proud of their support for George W. and the right wing and self-hating leanings. I'm talking about all those log cabin Republicans, those self-hating fags from coast to coast. All those columnist, all those internet mavens, like Miss Grudge and all those other people that the Prancer on and Jade Groove result dresses in private. I hope they're real thrilled and excited and squeezing themselves in each other. To see what a bunch of homophobic, bigoted, narrow minded. I'm not just born again, Bible thumping in the end with those they're in bed with. Oh, I shouldn't say that. Here's a fact that says Los Angeles must be the most obnoxious city in the world. I don't agree with that. Has fuel and Dr. Phil? Are you sure? Tim and Sue Martin and Keepard, Charlton and Dr. Laura, etc. If you still disagree, maybe we can take a meeting. It says, now we're not taking a meeting. I don't, of course, I've been there in a long time. You've been there. Yeah, but nothing's I was. Yeah. I always found a people there to be extremely friendly and it was a really neat place. Of course, that's a long time ago. Back when there were still some people there were, you know, who weren't professional comics. Well, it's kind of a different place now. I kind of a different place. But I don't agree with that about Los Angeles. I wouldn't even put it on the list. Do you think now? That would be like putting Los Vegas on list. Does it make any sense? Makes sense to you? Nope. And so, there are friendly, most of those places, and there are friendly because it's good for business. That's what it's all about. They're in a service business. They're in a tourist business. As opposed to South Florida, which is supposed to be in the tourist business, but in the business of hate. Hate and hostility. We don't watch it here. Go away. Go back where you came from. That's, that's the message. We should put up a big bunch of billboards as you're coming down. I.95 and I.75 to pin that word for months. You came. And so, here's a message from South Florida. If you're coming here, turn around and go back. We don't watch it. How are you spelled? Like that. How do you spell it? Like that? Like that? Like that? Like that? Here's a fact that says, please note that any city in the world would large population of New Yorkers qualifies to be on a poll day with the acceptance in New York City as much as I hate to admit it in New York City New York obnoxiousness works. I understand that. That's a good point. Because it's so big and so crowded and you have to be pushy in the area. I do get the message there. But unfortunately, when so many of those people come and they stick out like a sore thumb and places like South Florida and in Pittsburgh and in Nashville, like my landlady in Nashville was two months back in 1980s, said to me, there's two kinds of people in this world. There's people from Nashville and then there's people from New York in Florida, which was code for Jews. Anyways, is this being said, and all my travels, no city comes close to Paris for every of the most obnoxious native people. And I agree. They are disgusting, man. The frogs. I didn't even know I did vote for my army just to go along with you. Perus will be my second close choice. And in fact, I think if I were to spend more time than just two days in Paris, I would probably have to agree. But I would never spend more than two days in Paris ever again. Not just obnoxious and unfriendly, but slabs and they just throw all their garbage on the streets and it just awful, horrible, nasty, miserable, scummy people. Even though it was a look good. In what city would you find the most obnoxious people? Miami, 114. By the way, if mob comes in at Romany, more make sure you wear the Sergio Man's Carlos until you heal up from whatever he's giving you to late. How about they get money? Where anyway? Yeah, don't let him in. Plus they don't want to give us the straight. They're not. They're not in any meeting right now. That's just bullcraft. They're just hiding because we're trying to get the real fancy. They're just stolen. They don't want us to put on the year to real story about what's going to happen Saturday with a draft business. That Mo keeps insisting he's not going to show. He's going to be a no-mo show. 114. Say, Miami, 100 perus, we got a battle on our hands there. New York 75. Boca 61. I think for a town how many people live in Boca? I think for a town as small as Boca, I haven't 61 votes as pretty impressive. Notice how I matched your pause with my own pregnant pause. Oh, thank you. Appreciate that. Take the heat off. It'll help you. 21. DC 5. Uh, not Taylor as long as he's got a pair now. Detroit's got one at land. He's got one. Grinica could go one. My scone on have any. Vienna, Austin. I don't have one. And Oakland, California. You don't have one yet. But he's right about the way to fans. The only thing I was the Iber are less than Oakland was that pair under where a Denys. Yeah. Yeah. I kind of a schmitty experience. I've opened many, many years ago. Well, it was one of those things. You know, and what better place than I ever tended to story about the flood in the Denys in Orlando, I created? No, I don't think you have the real flush. I'd remember that. Oh, yeah. This was at a Denys in Orlando. I can't remember what that was doing there. But I stopped in there and used the T room in Denys to take a. Greg Reed. And unfortunately, for what I guess the person who had seen, I've learned the lesson out when you go to a place where there's like toilet paper gym always flushed to clear out what's in the bowl before you sit down. Yeah. You see what I'm saying? Was there a accumulation? And it's the plummings and all that great. You could wind up with a seat over. And in this particular case, the word was not a seat over, but a flood. So needless to say, as I waddle out the door there, I mean, I made a run for because you could see the water start to come out from underneath the door. And I made a vline for that car and headed for the vline expressway or whatever. I'll let it go. Good idea. Now I got out of there. And of course, I needless to say, I never went back there. So I have no idea what you know what to deal was. But can you even imagine? In a Denys hall. Although probably the reaction would have been didn't spell the worst in usual. 26, past 11. Here on grand grand, grand, slalom radio. I didn't even read a facts about you. Would they like somebody likes you? I know. One. Yesterday early in the show, guy called to take a shot at Georgie City was a quasi-intellectual. 75% of Georgia show is sex and perversion. A nice diversion for some of us. I think what the guy we wanted to say is, George makes me mad because he's not a whack over-lidges-zine is freak like me. He then called again today. Please stop the screenless GF. Please give up the good work, George. We will not stop the screenless. Oh, no. I'm enjoying it. And what's his name, Carlos? He can ask you the phone. Anyway, he's got that big thing blocking his neck. I think he can't get the phone close to his neck. I don't think he put your phone here when you got this big or lump. This lump that must be. Besides, he'll infect it if he actually uses it. I'll take it one thing. You're lucky you got it from off and not from Andrews Asson Woods because I understand well. 27 after 11 at 560 WQM. I understand it wouldn't have been on your neck as well. I was going to say that. If you've been thinking about buying a new barbecue or a barbecue accessories, you've got to go to barbecue's galore. Get a head start with a barbecue in season with a perfect grill and accessories. One of the guaranteed lowest prices in the universe. This is a great place. Barbecue's galore that carry barbecue's in every price range. From the top of line commercial grade stainless steel grill to the more portable, Weber charcoal grill like I keep telling you that's the one I got and I do love it. Get you an amazing deal on the top of line 38 inch. Grand turbo stainless steel grill. This powerful 62,000 BTU grill comes loader with accessories like stainless steel rotisserie, rear burner, and full out gas cylinder shelf. Watch out for that rear burner. You won't be the qualier to price anywhere. For all your barbecue needs at the guaranteed lowest prices, don't forget chop in a right place. Barbecue's galore there have two locations for you. In plantation there are a university-drav in a fountain shopping center called 954, 423400. And a prestigious curl springs there at 7485 West Sample Road, Corner Sample and Rock Island roads called 954, 757668. For the biggest selection of barbecue's in the country and the best prices, its barbecues galore. This is Bubble Boy. He keeps himself in a bubble to keep from inhaling secondhand smoke. Bubble Boy knows that well over 250 million people drop in the head from secondhand smoke every day. And 900 trillion people die each hour from fart vapors. Bubble Boy would rather be alive in the solitude of his bubble than interact with other people. He prefers to be incompatible. That's why he owns a Mac. Bubble Boy accurately represents a small group of powerful, self-righteous investors who no better than you on how to run your life. Truth is, I'd like to see all of them in a bubble too. Now if you'll excuse me, I think I'll have a smoke. That's right, Bubble Boy. I wonder if Bubble Boy's can do a Bina Boy. And speaking of that, we must add a bad connection to this point because I was sure before the show, I asked Bina Boy where the hell Duff was. This morning, I thought he said Duff was playing hooky, but he said Duff gave me hikki, is what he said. If you'd probably explain that thing out his neck. 400 eight votes on the poll. My name is 121, Paris 107, New York 79, Boca 68. Was it the only four in a running after that? I mean, it's a waste of time. Don't even waste your effort. Here's a flash-rout from Pennsylvania. This is like WCF, I had no choice in the privilege of being born in Philadelphia. And also being ashamed to admit it. My vote of course is for the city of brotherhood of sighting such as Notables, a sliced alone. And frankly, how come I'm doing the time Zikka then, Gelsen, like a maniac, French toast? Such note, it could be yet sliced alone. And frankly, was there was evidence. I always became deeply depressed when returning too filly from anywhere, even Miami. Whoa. Here's some of my favorite fields quotes. First prize, one we can fill it up. The second prize, two we can fill it up you. Last week I went to fill it up you, but it was closed. And fill it up you, a cemetery would light. I thought that was Miami. I thought it was South Florida. We have lights. And then Rob said, lots of light. Positive things can be said. A Grace Kelly, Kim Delaney, Ben Franklin, Noon, Tromsky, and Bill, Bill, Crossby. Oh, Bill, Cosby. I thought said, Bill, Crossby. What's positive about Bill Cosby? I can't stand those yellow spots. The Cosby kids. Oh, police, police. I get weak between a knees. I heard that name Bill Cosby. He was got an I spy before you were born with Robert Culp. That was a good show. I saw it. And then he started trying to be a comedian and a Bill Cosby show. And people like Tom Jacob would tell you, oh, that's what everybody in America watched the Cosby show. No, I did not watch the Bill Cosby show was awful. Hey, you're just ripping chicken because you got under your skin. The Huxtables. And you know any black post name, the Huxtables? No. Yeah. What's this? You just, uh, facts to me. The shareholders of the back-tail group, floor, grab up a bomb. They, uh, that's cute. Isn't that nice? That's terrible. Although it does look like I've had big wall. I got an MSNBC where they keep putting those pictures up. See, you're not getting hardly any news at all boys and girls from any of your talking at networks. Are you getting or a bunch of puppies and you've noticed, ordering us last month? Nothing bad ever happened. We had that one weekend where things were a little bit rocky as slides go on would say. But other than that, only good things happened. You know this? Just like you were saying about the, uh, evening news last night presenting the Shiite, uh, uprisings and all that stuff. Oh, this is great. Now these people have been repressed and they are free now. Yeah, this is great. They love it. We don't know whether this scream or throw a banana at this point. They're, uh, banging themselves on the chest and they, why they want to run a goddamn place. Right. And they're good. We're saying, ah, Shiite. Man, we don't know what they'll do now. So typical. So freaking typical. Children held at Camp X-ray U.S. admitted myths. U.S. military has revealed its holding juveniles at its high security prisons for terrorists at Guantanamo Bay and Cuban owners camp X-ray. The commander of the joint task force of Gitmo, major general, Jeffy Miller said more than one child on the age of 16 is at the detention center. Don't let the Catholic church find out. Can you imagine the line of priesthood like a volunteer to go to Gitmo right to minister to them to get Mo. However, major general, uh, Miller has revealed a little more about their welfare. He says the U.S. is holding juvenile enemy combatants at the center confirming rumors of children being held, but he's refused to reveal how many there are the exact ages of the countries of origin. And whether or not they'd like to volunteer to be altar boys. He says they're being well cared for in a kept in facility separate to adult prisoners, but children are still being interrogated will continue to be held at Gitmo. There are about 660 prisoners in the camp. They've not been tried to convicted of any offense, but are being held as part of what the U.S. calls its war on terror. They're just being held indefinitely. And other just there in a holding pattern. And like our tool to be for the show, the aroma from there must be. Really walking through the earth. I really do believe we've got high power fans that are pushing that toward a van. Yeah, hurricane fans just to get just to get even with our, the bearded one. You know that would be a good idea. Let's send some hurricane fans down there. They blow me a good way to get. I can take a one big roll. He poorly won't get. I can't. I would give you me eat him out of house in home. He'd probably take away early on's unhappy meal. Seriously, do you think he spent his last couple of years down there that he's having unhappy meals every day? Yeah. Oh, and look at my, oh, you know, something this is the most. This is scary. Yep. Because I knew it. I just reached back and I think, oh, I thought I send a crack on myself. Huh? I thought you'd seen it already. That is scary. I just reached back and picked a fax up after I spoke of Ilion and the unhappy meal. And I put the fax off you just sent me Ilion's cousin ties than us. Oh, oh, this is scary. I'm going to the track. I can't, I don't have time to waste here. I'm going to the, where the hell they had the Niagara Falls to that casino? Yep. Maris Greasey as Gonzalez got married. I hear that you got married to precious from a passion. You know, the ship. Hank turned it down and, of course, the least he ran like a bad other hell. Gonzalez 24 homemade national news is surrogate mom the second cousin, Ilion Gonzalez during his seven months day in the US, when Richard Oscar Moreno 19 19 year old punk, the Reverend Guillermo Marquez Sterling. What? Year will Marquez Sterling associate pastor of cruel Gables' computational church performed in the March nine ceremony. Her papa, Laszaro Gonzalez gave her away. Remember, Laszaro. See usually chatty, proprietor of Maris Greasey has here to sign on Kaiyoto to climb to chat about her hubby or their wedding. Ward is the installs fire alarm and sprinkler systems and they met at a funeral. Honey, I like that. Hmm. I didn't know if you'd know the rules were good plate to pick up chicks. Where's this from? Well, this must be in what's your name's calm. It's in the Harold, what those were named John, uh, placement. The birds that puff stuff. Maris, yeah. Yeah, I, I'm shaking from the terror of this last second experience of mine. Couldn't have it again in a billion years. How many times have we seen this happen? But third man. And I'd tell you one thing right now, I see no females in somebody's future. I don't want to mention no names. But that's my own personal feeling. If it's free, it's me. Yeah, well, somebody else is buying because they ain't going to be me. I'm going to know dinners, baby. I'll tell you that right now. I might go out and get some more friends closely to my left over the weekend. Not today. Oh, no, you can't start doing that every year. And then all of a sudden you start. Hey, listen, I've had enough experience over the years. I know how to cheat delicately. You know, to weave it in there, and at least hold my own. You know, I know how to hold my own. Much experience. Twenty-till noon at five. Oh, there's Mayor Lassman. What do you have to say, Mel? Well, maybe they will. I'm going to be there. I'm going to be doing all these things. All of these until we beat SARS. And if the rest of the city joins me, all of you, I'll make it through this crisis. Yeah. And I do their this CDC as a call group to be here tomorrow. I challenged them to come here tomorrow and investigate and see and be shown. Oh, what? Oh, it's to it on their own. He's in bad shape. Mayor, Mel, he's got like hepatitis A or C or B. I think it's it's the first one. He is. He's in bad shape. And so he's like, uh, on his last life. But at any rate, they're really pissed off and fired up up here about the CDC. First of all, it wasn't really a travel advisor where they said don't go there. And then all of a sudden the WH said, Oh, yeah. Well, unless you've got emergency travel don't go to Toronto. And they lumped it in there with like Southeast Asia. There's, and I'm telling you right now, there was nothing going on here in the GT and the greater city. The stuff is confined to these hospitals and one apartment building which is way out east. And then that's it. I'm cleaning. Huh? Uncleam. Okay. Stay the hallway. That's my best impression. Stay the hallway. Be my guest. We don't need you. Twenty-two noon at five, 60 WC away. I'm, hey, let me tell you right now about balance for life. Where the without any other certain fat people unments in a bowl. Look, if you want to lose the weight, here's the way to do it. That this is the way I want to present from here on in. If you're frustrated, if you really are serious about losing weight, here is a very simple way to do it, because they provide all the food for you. You don't have to cook. You don't have to shop. You don't have to count calories. You don't have to count carbohydrates. All you have to do is go right here door every morning by six in the clock in the AM or whenever you get up. And there's your food right now. A little black sack. And in that black sack is amazing stuff. Three delicious gourmet meals. Two delicious snacks deliver right here doorstep. And you get to choose between two alternatives reach meal every day that's run a program. And we're talking fresh, great ingredients. Wait till you look in the first to stuff there. They're chicken dishes and beef and all kinds of great goodies. And two delicious snacks as well as the three gourmet meals. And you'll have plenty of food to keep you full and satisfied all day long. And that's it. That's all your food for the whole day there. And you won't go starving like those other stupid diet programs where they give you little little packages for bird seed. So here's the deal called balance for life and get started right away and watch the pounds just fly off your body. Because it's all based on the zone diet which really works. But like I always tell you, it's a very complicated program. They do all the figuring for you. While balance for life today if you're serious about losing weight getting yourself in good shape and stay in healthy getting healthy again. Call 9-5-4-5-6-832-29. 9-5-4-5-6-832-29 or check them out on our work at web at balanceforlife.com. I was just thinking what you could do with great contests, you know what? Yep. We have like a drawing with fat people talking past this fight. But right. And I'm serious. And maybe we could all that food that we're given to a certain unmentsurable and really poorly. Rotendra1. The Herkun guy. Maybe we'll take care of one of our people in the audience. And he's like that. And that's a great idea. When in doubt, we'll check it out. We're going to see the body and the whole. It's just push when you're like sick of you. You way, yeah. Don't have a penis. Oh, right. You call that penis? We've got some big frustration. We've got some big problem we can't do. In his Asian Nation. He's called the Bounce for good up dude. We want no bad relations like we gotta be real nice. Because with no hesitation, we just need love to pick up by. We want the provocations in the game. Was that chastise? The Bush administration wants to stop when they create. That the hell the Bounce for Stays? No. Things are really tough. Feeling we don't cover ya. A back is bad enough. That we're dealing with no cover ya. I say how best but is. To come to the land just stronger. We might just regret. Feeling we don't cover ya. Feeling we don't cover ya. Feeling we don't cover ya. Feeling we don't cover ya. Feeling we don't cover ya. Feeling we don't cover ya. That's the one with the unlucky. 127 and 56 did ever come. 438 votes. What city would you find the most obnoxious people in the world? We asked today on neorogies.com. And this pool today went over like a pregnant pool vault. Or at the equator in the middle of August. Wow. Miami? Huh? Not great. They don't like the pool. Miami 129. Paris 116. New York 82. Bolka 78. Topad Alphay a 21. DC 5. And everybody else small potatoes. And they are forming at the mouth here about the WH. Oh! The clearing of this is a what they call it? They were getting a travel alert. Tainted. Yeah. Tainted and painted. Well. What? Did you? Yeah. And there are some. I think they really pissed off because at least got the crap kicked out of them in fully last night. That's what they're really upset about. I don't have to do with the sun is stuff. The fact that a matter of ways the hotel is here. Our empty man. You can probably get a dollar a holler for a room for like a week. It's pretty, pretty lame. And there's nothing going on. That's a sad part. But you know, people tend to be just a little bit on the panicky side. Then we're going to be a little bit nervous. Just like all the nervous nellies out there. All these bush guys. You know, oh, I sure wouldn't get out of play not after 9-11. Remember that? Yeah, of course. I mean, well, what is that all about? Doesn't bother me. And of course, now you have to go through a whole by. I'll say this when I came up here this last time. Mm-hmm. Security at my international. They just about do a cavity search. I mean, it is really pretty thorough. Some of the people seem to be enjoying it a lot. I'm Tonya. We're here all the weapons of mass destruction. We're gonna do destruction and odors go on this from the nation. It's on our website today by David Korn. You<|tr|>- I'm not gonna read the whole thing, I don't wanna do a lot of burnt times to rest up, plus we're getting such a tremendous response on a phone today. Look at that. I, I say it. Well, look, it's just, it's just a way it is. Like, I was honest about it, or just bbitting our time until Friday at 11 30 Guitar Nammoring. The winter book is going to come out. I mean, there are a lot of shoes are going to drop and then of course as usual at an colored not going to have it. Nothing to make sense. The latest corn rights, the obvious question is where are the weapons of mass destruction that supposedly prompted the Bush-Chainee Rum-Sold Wolfowitz Quartet to invade Iraq? The less obvious one is, where's the massive search and secure operation that should be scouring Iraq to locate and control those stocks of chemical and biological weapons in WMD related materials technology and records? The US military certainly has been looking for chemical and biological weapons as well as evidence of a nuclear bomb program, Iraq was never said to be in possession of nuclear weapons. What is surprising if not scandalous is that two weeks after US troops moved into Baghdad, the Bush Pentagon has not yet mounted a full sweep of Iraq for WMD or even dispatched the sufficient amount of train troops and specialists to conduct such a mission? It's as if the Bush administration in the Pentagon hadn't bothered listening their own rhetoric about Iraq's reported weapons and mass destruction while planning the invasion of occupation. Shouldn't a mess of these units have been scramming across Iraq using all that pre-war intelligence that allowed administration officials to declare without pause that Saddam Hussein controlled enough of these dangerous weapons to be a director to the US within days of not hours of the collapse of Hussein's murderous regime? It reminds me of that emotional speech of colon palma and they were all yawning you're recallt the UN and he had to die grams and of course they were the American that were so hyperventilating especially Fox they were like squirting all over the goddamn cameras they were so excited. And he was showing a map and he heard this location and we know that they've got the Syrian gas hidden here in VxOV and they had the locations allegedly all locked it on a map. Everybody else said oh yeah sure. Those are like those old diagrams here to the Chinese embassy and where would it have was right. Where would it have was it? Pagil Hussival. Huh? Don't you remember that they were sorry it was a mistake. They must have known something about that SARS gonna start. So anyway I get you to a doctor right away Carlis. You know, Greg's hopped his head and during that last break. He popped him in. Yeah. Wearing one of those surgical masks. You know something in his case, excellent idea. If there's anybody who needs not to pull out the rest of the people in the building with his disease, that's the guy right there. And you're supposed to laugh. Greg Hussival. Yeah. By the way, Mr. Macho Greg you're down there hiding okay with a mask on. I'm sitting here at Toronto. Right in the middle it's supposed to be the SARS capital north America. Not worried about it one little bit. Okay. Not even a tiny little teeny tiny bit. I gotta go scrub my hands now. But I'm not worried about it. There's Mayor Mel. So if I can. I'll maybe you can. He's in bed shape. So don't get that hepatitis A. 5605060 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. We got that big big noon to one hour coming up. It's going to be good. I'm going to like work out some good stuff. Okay. Just like yesterday through in a lot of stuff we haven't played in very, very long time. I enjoyed it tremendously. We got the man. And I like to know who was saying all those bills. Okay. Well, we'll find out for you. Have a great day. Teller more time Randy's on a word is on the dial. So what was she saying about the muck being institutionalized? I don't know. She just thought that's what she said. 560505060 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Who I would point out has been instrumental in supporting us all along the way. But at this point we are developing this plan so that when we get information from Dr. Bessert. And this time's getting dumped on man. All because of one crappy hockey game, you know. Right up until this moment. Nobody was making a big stimulus about it. Even people don't know what that means. Let's see. Scott says I'm in Penelis Park now and I continue that's a Tampa Bay where he has the most of muck's. How come Tampa didn't get on there? I don't know. Well, let's get on there right away. Beiner boy. Get in touch with your parry or partner and crime there. Tell me get Tampa on there like. Ponto. Wouldn't that be a great team song for the most show? Give my piece of chance. Yeah, that's our feelings about Tampa. Kiss you haven't heard it. It says toothless redness with their rusted out pickup trucks cover with Rumble flag stickers. Jesus fish and gun racks and number three stickers. They make the old fart. They make the old fart. Whatever that means. It says I miss Tamarack compared to Scott and it's got he's got a Jewish last name. Scott. You made the wrong move there. Scott, you took a wrong turn at the overpass in the other pass. Beiner boy should have pointed in the other direction. Even making a sharp right at the beaches of big improvement over going to Tampa Bay. WQIM. Hello. Yes sir. Hey, and the how you doing? Great. Listen, we've been my friend. We were waiting for the movie calling for column blind to come out on video. Yeah. It was supposed to be released today at block. August. They postponed it. The block bus ran kind of release a period but it's not going to be to logist. I was told because they're going to release it in the theaters. I didn't know that because we it was on the board for I don't know for for a while. And well, why was on the board at blockbuster? Yeah, as that's to be released today. So so then we have really no reason to assume that their gun will censor it because the release was delayed to logist because they're going to release it in the theaters one more time. Okay. Well, I wasn't on my the first time hearing about it. So so before we jump on somebody called about this the other day too. Before we jump down blockbuster's drugs, which I'm not a fan. There's anyway. But before we do that let's wait and see what happens at August. Okay. Bye bye. Bye bye. Bye bye. You're out. He's done. Could you tell me was done? I think he was done. Four minutes till noon. I sure like to get a copy of that. Can't you at least give me a bootleg copy? You're always pretty good at getting that say legal stuff. Oh, yeah. I got it. Thanks. Before about how we enjoyed George from and talking about sex and deviant stuff. I'm glad you enjoyed it in the past. Don't expect that this summer or any other time soon. I'm just warning them ahead of time. If they're expecting you to come on and talk about eating asnes of no mole. No. No mole. Nothing but politics and religion from that one. Nothing but very not. Just read the daily weekly reader or something like that. Because now that we're under this new way of jeem up there in Washington man. We can't even take a good crap much less say crap on a year. Maybe one last time. One last time. That's it. Don't do it again. Because they really got their nose to the era to the speaker. Just wait and see who's naughty and I saw it so no more than that. Asked up. Let Dwight Lobbedale take all of that in Channel 10. Can't you see the promo's? Dwight Lobbedale gets his legs tonight. Wack them on Channel 10 news. The disgusting thought. Him and Anne's body. Why are we coming up with that? Three minutes till noon at five sixty. W.M. Hey, I'll tell you what's disgusting. A big ugly bald spot. And there are guys running around with all kinds of dead animals like tape to their head. Which really sent them on animals first like sliding off to one side. People are just rolling in the aisles. If you don't want people laughing at you, get yourself a great look and head of here. From our good buddy Charles Alfarian. The reason it's so good is because he's got the latest technology. Cause it's a natural airline system. And you wouldn't even know a guy's wearing it because it looks like real here. Like it's going out of your scalp. As opposed to a barnyard animal crawling around on your forehead. Or a bunch of holes were drilled in your head. Like a few follicles. Or maybe you take a lot of those dangerous pills and probably kill you. But give you no hair. This really does the job for you. Nothing lose but the shiny ugly bald spot because everybody get Charlie's 30 day guarantee. If you don't love the way it looks and feels and spells after 30 days. If you're not getting late at least 14, 15, 20 times a day. Charlie, give you a full refund. Call today. And be sure and take advantage of your two-an-hour discount by mentioning my name as well. If you have the big pair. The number to call toll free. It's 1-800-3-21-24-13. 1-800-3-21-24-13. A long under their world famous website at CharlesAlphiary.com and get to your hairbrush. My local, your sports video 5-60-2-A-M. Hey, I'm frao, iliana. And I like rubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from jewels. And listening to the mirror. Okay, I'm gonna use the hour. See guys! If Jesus walked deep for today and wanted to lose weight. Like Jared, to look good for that special lady on a special date. Hi, Pethalico. To lose a tune exercise would be quite a feat. Even for Jesus. So here's the question. What would Jesus eat? Swiss cheese. Cause it's holy. Miracle whipped. He'd have no other. Thomas's English muffins. Down. Virgin's Bloody Mary. Connor his mother. Lucky charms. You guys are supposed to sing to be cured the leprechauns. You didn't even get cured leprechauns. What he did was cured leper. Not leprechaun. Leprechaun. Oh, I love leprechaun. You're just right. That's just melting. Leprechaun. Okay, here. Angelful Petha. That's better. Devil ham. No way. Hearts of palm. Tell us more. On ice cream. Make a fake palm all the day. Yeah, yeah. That's what Jesus wanted. I keep moving like, I owe. Oh man. And then cause he, when he went to buy his groceries. He'd redeem coupons. And all the stores employees. And he would cross, frame it, get all trim and fit. And one thing that he would not eat. He would not eat. Shut your mouth. Oh, I'm so sorry about Jesus for me. Uncle Benz converted rice. He even chees, burger, and paradise. Chicken all the king. Holy, Allah. Hope yes chicken. Why? What? Hope yes chicken. I think he needs palm ice chicken. Hope. Oh, my. Oh, I do that again. I miss bread. He was a carpenter, but their diet would not do. Carren Carpenter's diet ain't proven isn't good for you. Oh, he would meet Kees, just to prove he was a real man. And since he was raised Jewish, he'd have to pass on the heavenly hand. That's what Jesus wanted. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Uhh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my.. Oh, my..Ashley. Why are you us together? We can bring shit, say, go! Pay now, he's a big round, Live it out sound, get it, go! Sway, shit, bitch, any free! It should be covered in my hands, weeeeeee! That's the most outrageous video ever! Because it features real girls! That's not just any real girls, but real girls on video going! Woo! Oh yeah! Just the way you love them! Real girls on video going! All guys of real girl's on video going! All the cross America! Real girls on video going! If you're free, real girls! At each copy of real girls on video going! If you're a group of loser drug guys going! Woo! Yeah! Last one! If you get real girls on video going! If you're a loser drug guys going! Woo! And hey! Act now! And you'll receive a happy surprise! Real girls on video going! Woo! That's real girls on video going! And the focus change! Real girls on video going! Woo! And the truck loser guys going! Woo! Yeah! Good luck! Order now! And pretty well on video going! Real girls on video going! And... Woo! That's real girl on video going! Real girls on video going! Woo! And... Real girls on video going! Woo! And... And... I can't believe with loser drug guys going! Woo! And... Harders now! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Oh. Oh wow! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! sitzt munt You are certainly the biggestcs for me! Those times there will be stupid money... Come on! We'll make a general.  it ind Woo, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh. And up here now! On top of the mountain, in all the elephant tribe, in the jungle, on UmaThink. There, on Goop  thing is being cast-hamed, but it's much better now than that one moment. You look that mean. You look quish-a-killing. You look like a dog. So I acted out my pop-shurried. And with my arms, the trees I made. There's no bug, speaks English, and I'm all over. I went down to my, yeah, I made a witchware, the weather is nice. I'm shunning. I walked into a little dust storm, but the guy there talks real funnier. I asked him to have a pint of fortune beaming. He's just naughty and the... What does that mean? The butter's sizzling, lish. I got him all. That corner, Daly. Hell, I think I've been Pakistan. He's English-mell-in. All you can go back to the wall, alright. He's a good guy. I came here all last year to go. I came here, and I'm going to go more. I've learned my ABC. I don't say much as gross years. I say pretty pretty. So get yourself to a classroom quick. You're an American now, stop making me sick. You're not paying me English. I'm running for a... I'm going to tell you when you're going to be a little bit more. I'm going to tell you when you're going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to tell you when you can beat in the York by that big of a margin you've read down something. Volca 88, tilt it off you 22, Washington DC 5, Detroit has three. Snott's Taylor Resonance got a pair of grandfathers. I can't even end the others. I have a small potato. They're building. I'll tell you what. If you'd like to build a big fat career with a good paycheck to pay it off on top of it, get yourself some training. And how are you doing? That fast train. I'm going to share it short months. What's that word again? For short months, they can get you a new hot pink computer job and a big fat paycheck every payday. Call them today. There's the Lekha said absolutely no obligation. 86 fast train. And they are for you convenient day evening weekend classes too. Check them out at the web at fast train.com. And don't forget they're all over town. It's about to be won't you buy you there in Miami. Kindle, temper pines and four lottery. Also there's about to be won't close to where you live. And don't forget to register at fast train. So call our friends later fast train. Tell me the just mentioned Todd Rex name and see how fast you're the dial tone. Call fast train. Tole free at 1 866 fast train. What was that word again? My life and look all this is for 205. It's a new way. This is the new Roger show. This is your brain. What? Any questions? Hey Susan. I didn't expect it. Hey, your butt smells great. Is that Pope Rain your pants? No silly. It's red dog perfume. The new canine fragrance from red dog brewery. Wow, what a great sin. Hey mister, come here. You gotta smell my friends ass. Okay. Golly, it's like a summer's breeze. Are you busy this weekend? All right, who's next? Thanks red dog. Down boy. Red dog perfume. It's going up for a bitch but made her a woman. A male boy, a woman, a male's the best for us. Who rides as a husband to tell about her? I love her. It's girls with old fwarf hats that you tell about her. I love her that I love you too. I love her that you love her. I love her that you love her. I want to sing for you for work. I want to know that you can't understand. I think first I praise my girl. I should just hear how I never know when I call her. I'm so curious. If you can't see me, man, then you can tell the band down. I have so much pride in you. I can't wait to tell the band down. Red dog perfume. It's like a bum for the child that I'm happy to tell the band down. I love her. Oh my god, where's my girl? Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. It's so hot. I love her. I love her. I love her. I love her. I love her. I love her. I love her. I love her. I love her. I love her. I love her. I love her. I love her. I love her. I love her. I love her. I love her. I love her. I love her. I love her. I love her. I love her. I love her. I love her. I love her. I love her. I love her. I love her. He works all day for MSNBC. The wild Peter on that drive to my butt tree. Shivers miss a major tour and CNN's air in the brown is a fool. Did he want my most? He used to watch last year, hoax. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh. He's so smooth. He puts me here on a trance. He makes me feel for me in my pants. Don't give me wrong how I'm not gave up. I'll tell you, man, if I went that way. It'd be paradise just me and left her whole shit. All right. Champagne all right. And double like the dead boat. Well, he's a teller has the Nazi. Oh, who got the funny promise daddy? Oh, and if I said my little granny, Oh, which an agenda that's scratching. Oh, well he's a teller has the Nazi. No, but they are fillet. Well he's a presidential dog. Who doesn't have to run? No one knows it's gonna win. He might as well just move right in. He's high. She got it. She got it. She got it. He has the golden spoon. He was born with nothings as. So look out on you, dude. Oh, get ready for the gas. He's a teller has the Nazi. Oh, he'll give our civil rights the whammy. Oh, rising to teller has the Nazi. Full of a BLA. Well he's a very wealthy dude. With very passive views. Who's never paid his dues? By the spirit will always grow. She called. She called. She called. She called. She called. And he's fucked with wind that rage against buddy. But K-Wild, you think they call it Gilbert. The Tory landing race. He's a dollar has the Nazi. Oh, building the K-K-K-K-Mountie. Oh, I need the teller has the Nazi. Double best, L-A. Come on, L-A. Come on, L-A. Come on, L-A. Let's go for this. We're a member of how it used to be. A warm summer evening. Dad outside of the grill. Mom inside at the stove. And throughout the house, the unmistakable aroma of B-M-B-B-N-S. B-M-B-N. B-M-B-N. Slow simmered with molasses and pork in our patented. Brick ovens for that thick, rich, meaty taste. Hmm. B-M-B-N. Have you had your B-M today? Yeah. We have sourdough, sourdough, sourdough. There's a packet of sourdough, sourdough. All tamaracks we live on, a cold, a set and a bunch of other going extorts. They all try and cook for half a mile a day. Where do you do that, Gucci smile? They say, you're free. I don't know why, with no their labor. We've met Hagen, the rungs and greens. Dad's not in tune. See the brim and sewers. Take the car and all. And go and look back. Down the years that turned like the time. We're a school of the most. And aside, more sales from your hands. As you're up to now, so you're free. You're going to bloom in the end. And it won't be a fall behind. We're home with you. We have a piece of meat. We've met Hagen, the rungs and greens. Dad's not in tune. See the brim and sewers. Take the car and all. And don't look back. Down the years that turned like the time. We're a school of the most. And aside, more sales from your hands. As you're up to now, so you're free. You're going to bloom in the end. They won't be a fall behind. Down south. And you're going to bloom in the end. And don't look back. We've met Hagen, the rungs and greens. We've met Hagen, the rungs and greens. We've met Hagen, the rungs and greens. We've met Hagen, the rungs and greens. We've met Hagen, the rungs and greens. We've met Hagen, the rungs and greens. We've met Hagen, the rungs and greens. We've met Hagen, the rungs and greens. We've met Hagen, the rungs and greens. We've met Hagen, the rungs and greens. We've met Hagen, the rungs and greens. We've met Hagen, the rungs and greens. We've met Hagen, the rungs and greens. We've met Hagen, the rungs and greens. We've met Hagen, the rungs and greens. We've met Hagen, the r . Great! Hey. We've met Hagen, the r sensitive moly. Yes. How are you? I'm a baby, baby, baby, baby I'm a baby, baby, baby, baby Yo! I dropped a wedding those down, not on Sunday because they hazy the work the way The sweaty press release, stops the smell and gets the dusty one in the old bit time Now I'm a back-to-human, the shining diamond, the light glides, and that's my common genit, you deserve it, Washington with all the role I'm a baby, over the coronavirus, you're a charity, you're a baby I'm a baby, I'm a shopping queen, I'm a shopping queen, I'm going over to be my baby, you deserve it, baby First, hello, and dear, you've been dancing to me, baby, you deserve it I'm a baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby Come 25, 50, nobody can come, it's a great Wednesday, man, you can almost smell it, can't you? All the way here, I can smell it, oh that's what it is In what city, will you find the most obnoxious people? Let's our poll question, they were looking for obnoxious people in the last several days, we found a whole bunch of them Miami 155, Paris 132, New York 96, Boca 91, we're going to New York, a Boca's right on New York's ass So what's an opium 22, DC's fault pathetic after that, so it's a four-way race And Boca is right on New York's ass, because where do you think most of the people in Boca came from? Tai-ie. Ah-ha? Hey, how many times did you hear about an opportunity and you just sat there like you when suspended animation didn't move and do the right thing, and that passed you by, don't let life pass you by Interest rates have gone down even lower than they were before financial group was offer you And amazing interest rate of 3.45% Then they lowered it even better to 2.95% now rates have gone down even lower just 2.45% financing with financial group. Let me say it again 2.45%. So call financial group and fire out a boat at 1.894 Oland. How long will these low interest rates last? Probably not very long. It's a win over opportunity which we invite you to hop through with financial group, get you an incredible low rate of just 2.45% and save yourself a Schmidt load of cash. Thousands of dollars. Financial group 1.894 Oland and you're probably wondering you're scratching that ball spot and you had like Greg does all the time. Level 2.45% financing due to my monthly payments. Well here's some examples. If you have a $200,000 loan, you're only $786 a month. If you have a $100,000 loan, you're only $393 a month. So do it now. Get the information by calling financial group toll-free 1.894 Oland. 1.894 OLE and D, they're an equal housing lender. The rate of restrictions apply and rates are something to change without notice. So do it now. 5.34 APR. 9. And low. This is course for you by 60. We win, we win. We win. They're good, we're good. It's rough, it's tough, it's tough. When you're still, you're blow, I know. When you're gonna go. Oh, a great Palm Beach County. You're a bunch of cool people. Are you people stupid? You're a bunch of cool people. At this rate someone's got to do the right thing. Or will be countrooms, sales bring, group. So watch the difference with the final score. Just give it to George Bush or give it to Go. What a new not-go head should do the right thing. Or will be countrooms, sales bring. Was either way, they know it was a time. So I wonder why. In this thing, picking King, hand-counning ballots. Is all we pick you is famous. And will be at it, sales bring. Oh, guys and go-vers. They're petty and small. Neither could wrong. A store in a mall. It makes no difference, which Mark wins this thing. Let's wrap up the counting by spring. Let's give it to Nader. From Patview, can it? You're the racist of Sh-o! Or maybe, poro. Will toss his hat back in? I'll blow that down. How about Ali, make beer or her best friendling? As long as we don't have the count till spring. We'll have all the farmers kind of live. We have got to have a half-puncens or a company in jazz. He knows the count and I was a kid. They got him. A country gateball. When I love it, in the summer, when it's time to do the hay. We hire all these guys. That's when I started playing. Churchs up, sunshine, sweat and the wagons. Thank God. I'm a country gateball. Oh, right. Well, I got a mission. Better keep the kind of business. I wouldn't show her. Sometimes again, dizzy. Farmer nights out. I think it's time to part-time. Hey, think God. I'm a country gateball. And when this bench six years since the lands got pulled, I told the farm owner therapy was over-knocked. Can't find a man while I try a little bill. Hey, God. I'm a country gateball. We're the hiredest guy about two weeks ago. He told me he was great, but I better never know. I'm heels, fake moves. I had a little make-up. Think God. I'm a country gateball. We're like, got me a great club. I'm a country, but a little rabble metal ass. And make it up to the middle. Life's been great. Just a little to the country. Thank God. I'm a country gateball. Oh. I ain't you guys like the sun so far. What do you think? Oh, yeah. I'm a country gateball. Oh, yeah. I'm a country gateball. Oh, yeah. I'm a country gateball. I'm a country gateball. Oh, yeah. I'm a country gateball. I'm a country gateball. Oh, yeah. I'm a country gateball. We're the people on a job. And a queen for a boss. You might be a chef. I'm a man. I'm calling you a boss. Just remember on a police use a back door. Oops. Come on. That's natural. Come on. We're like, got me a buy-in-lime. I'm a guy with a sandfittle. Play you a tune. If you swing a little, can't get a fine-life. Pussy-tender to snow. Oh. Whoa. Well, thank God. I'm a country gateball. Why would you do without me? I want to sound like you'd be on a swimming feat for me. It's what it's your thing, huh? Uhhhh! You did my best, did you? I bet you thought it was hot. Get a little hot, bro. I'm a chill-like. I'm a chill-like! I love you so much. I love you, no matter how I do. Ow! Oh, I'll be with you in my amnesians park. They change the name to Alien Young Park. Next location is out. Down to a fine art. That's where the buck's are. You jump itself on leather-rowing. Until you seem so you win game. I am water right where you grab a jewel. We're a raft. We'd like to take the blow to us. To us a vibrancy. Down. Back south to the beautiful battle. Under water and adrenaline back around. You look the rough till the ground. Into the biggest parking river, sea. Down to a little major, all the toilets are clean. They'll sign a lot of raft. Like a big shot, me, to the solid. And then a park here, a car. It's all about how important you feel. With the rest of the cars, we take the snow, and then a cable, or a cow, to drink water. Go down to Alien Young Park. Come back home again? Oh, my hand! I'll sing you fingers for the last one. Thank you. Then let that rock So that well to come back. Well, thattheah told me that I was just going to sing you golf like this in the last fight back and again again. Darling, darling, darling formula. Cool, darling. Let's go there for a ride. If you say I am true, I depend on the final words. Ladies and gentlemen, my are thrilled. Can you do it guys. follows me every day. Come back. So one day evening, your undone foot, I'm gonna be a little bit more I think the wrong is when they come late Playing that human thing I have a good and a student day That's funny toilet that sucks I'm the way late They now call you Leon Mark What a million Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Are r Parac thinner  Grant Increase Greet Eric Mark Mark And disconnect gas stoves and furnaces. The post office recommends that you male early in the day. And for those with automobiles, alternate side of the street parking will be suspended. That's the end of the world. Next Tuesday at 4 ppm. Market down. Got it. Got it. 22 till 1 at 5.60. WM the mad dog. Oh, right. The hostile hound will be long on one. Hank it to 3. And we got Marlins undrex 6. 30 Marlins and a brewer. Is it P.P. Park? Analyon Park 705, followed by anike and jewell mark overnight in the dark. I want to tell you if you're in the dark about health is really good product that can only help old human. Been talking about this for years and I'm popping it up my blood pressure. My blood pressure this morning was 126 over 82. How do you like that before I pop my pills? You impressed? I don't know what that means. That's what I thought. Old human soft chills contain pharmaceutical grade olive oil. It's not just ordinary plain olive oil. It is super concentrated. It's all over the world. It's all over the world. It's all over the world. It's all over the world. It's all over the world. It's all over the world. It's all over the world. It's all over the world. It's all over the world. It's all over the world. It's all over the world. It's all over the world. It's all over the world. It's all over the world. It's all over the world. It's all over the world. It's all over the world. It's all over the world. It's all over the world. It's all over the world. It's all over the world. It's all over the world. It's all over the world. It's all over the world. It's all over the world. It's all over the world. It's all over the world. It's all over the world. It's all over the world. It's all over the world. It's all over the world. It's all over the world. It's all over the world. It's all over the world. It's all over the world. It's all over the world. It's all over the world. It's all over the world. It's all over the world. It's all over the world. It's all over the world. It's all over the world. It's all over the world. It's all over the world. It's all over the world. It's all over the world. It's all over the world. It's all over the world. Come back to their logo of these things. 70 inches. 2 four four. Twentyirt. They're writing on the wall! Your ''wish'' Sign up here at Domestikatvn Company to kamu for contains. But they are fine in the dark. Why does the sea rush too soon? Aggressive conduct, all of them at they lead to war. Don't they know if they end of the world? Cause you don't love me anymore. This nation is a power to war. Everybody wants to get a bite! Do the birds! Come sing! They're okay, come running! You're running, you're running! Why do the stars blow up on the fly? Why? Why? Why? Why? You know, it's the end of the world. A child? It is when I lost your love. It's on the coast. It's on the coast. I wake up in the morning and I wonder. Give me a break. Why do you always say that? I'm a star. I can't understand. I can't understand. That's how I go somewhere you don't know. I don't do much of it as well when I'm constantly there. Why does my heart fall on me? Why? I'm a star. I'm a star. I'm a star. I'm a star. I'm a star. I'm a star. I'm a star. I'm a star. I'm a star. I'm a star. I'm a star. I'm a star. I'm a star. Get it, John. Get it, John. Get it, John. Get it, John. Get it, John. Get it, John. Get it, John. Get everything it's fine, put my ball. Use that group of Muslims. Helping carolists. Give the bunch of backwards thinking front and then the list. The salad and... Who are those fanatic? That are filled with hate. If you're caught stealing the children and all of you hate, then the salad and... The salad and can... The salad and can... Because the rule of Afghanistan, what the rafono go. A salad and man, he doesn't give a damn about his country's stomach masses. It shows where the driver passes. So we can go and kick their asses. Who keeps all the wind and... Covered head to toe. It could be Osama under there. You'd never know the salad and... The salad and can... Because they rule of Afghanistan, what the rafono go. Hello, everybody. I'm interested in getting through operations done. Okay. And some body contouring and some liposuction. And there was wondering if it's some tummy tuck. And there's a lipogmentation because many breast surgery face-to-face... All of these things. There's wondering... More like steroids. Well, I need to get everything done. Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing. Okay, we don't do that. No. Could you do breast implants though? Uh... I can't be done. Me neither. It would be right away. The lotion in the basket. Mm-hmm. How much? Uh... 5000. Excellent. I'd like to have my skin resurfaced too. Uh-huh. Resurcer surgery. Uh-huh. Have the lamps stopped crying yet? Mommy. Excuse me? Don't hurt Mommy's little baby. It puts the lotion in the basket. I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV. Okay. Can you make me look more like a woman? Well, I'll have to see you first. And then I'm on looking after we can tell you that one. See you. Should I wear my skin suit? Made of body parts, Mommy? Uh, if you'd like to. It puts the lotion in the basket. Would you like to make an appointment? Yes. Okay. There is a hundred dollar consultation fee. That's fine. Okay. Okay. Okay. Um... My name is buffer O'Bailer. Okay. Let me get a little information from you. Okay? My name is buffer O'Bailer. Okay. Let me get a little information from you. Okay? My name is buffer O'Bailer. Okay. Do you want to come in for consultation for the... It puts the lotion in the basket. Okay. Would you like to make an appointment? You want to call me back? Okay. Put the lotion in the basket. I got my skin suit in the packaging. Uh... Bill. It puts the lotion in the basket. I understand that. Would you like to make an appointment? It puts the lotion in the basket. Okay. I will talk to you in the trailer. Okay. It puts the lotion in the basket. Hello? Passage of time hasn't diminished the effect of this and in my brain. I'll tell you that. No. Uh... What city? And what city? Will you find a most obnoxious people anywhere as we ask today? Miami 172 Paris 144 Gapari, New York 103 and Boca 97. Everybody else is an also ran. Wait on a line. 11 till one man dog I want to clock here on the 560QM tomorrow is just kind of like a fill in day. And then Friday, the book comes up. Man, it is going to be heavy. Do you be able to spell it from coast to coast from pillow to post? They speak of your bedpost. Over a million people have done the smart thing in bottom actress including me many times from dialometrist over to phone. That's it. Just one easy call. Easiest piece of shopping you'll ever do. Just call 1-800 mattress. 1-800-MATF-E-RES will talk about betting expert knows the stuff inside and out. And they'll hook you up with a cat of mattress you're looking for. Seally, surgery, service, and clean. And exactly the one you're looking for is in stock ready for just about immediate delivery. Dalmatra is right. Number one, a customer satisfaction. They got more repeat. More for customers than anybody because they know how to treat you right. Once you buy from them, you'll never go back to those expensive over-prior rooms again. And don't forget when you buy from Dalmatra. They set up the new and take away the crappy old sold betting for free. That's right. Dalmatra sets up the new and takes away the crappy old betting for free. So make the call right now. A guarantee yourself a great night's sleep for months and years to come. Call 1-800-MAT-T-RES. 1-800-MATF-RES for Dalmatra's smart way to get you a great new bet. Why do you want to? We're supposed to be in 5-6 soon. You a-M. Were you fudge back in? Yeah. He made the button down in the bathroom. He made the mess, they ain't alright. He got the sports face, pulled it on his bed. He needs to make the smell like something bad. And Mr. Tidy-Pow. He better jump in run. And you got the right, he had a new. He made the mess, he got the right, he had a new. He made the mess, he got the spare tire here to build. He's always holding the hell field. He had a blue place special with free bread beans. And you can hear his crack his throat. And Mr. Tidy-Pow. He better jump in run. You better hide and hide my friends. They're all made. Dalmatra's smart way to get you a great new bet. He made the mess, he got the right, he got the right, he got the right. He's always holding the hell field. He's always holding the hell field. He's always holding the hell field. He's always holding the hell field. He's always holding the hell field. He's always holding the hell field. If your funny snags taste like hell, this year at Christmas serve Jesus of Nazareth, your guests will say, holy cow, when they bite into these sinful, rich treats and Jesus of Nazareth come in a variety of flavors. From Alapeno to Alaluia, get the snack he would have liked and the taste worth paying for, Jesus of Nazareth. It's your salvation, this Christmas. There's a Jesus of Nazareth shop on business loop 80. Right next to Chrysler Almighty Motors. The little Easter world will be exploded to dominate people, give with the cast that we sold him. First time a gresser nation and the only one that's going, now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing forget about Korea. The nooks there towed to Nazareth. Right queen is drilling it over and over and to our head. Daddy, rock, has some. Femphens of past destruction. Three thousand people killed. Our now forgotten let's exploit him instead. Hey, there's oil to be caught in. Going after said down to, playing Kato's summer, there's no longer mention of the name in Lodden, but no one see concerned all of the incomplete places. Believe in every word of this cartel administration. That control this by fear through medium manipulation and a right wing. Just drilling it over and over and to our heads. And I rag, has some. Wappin' the past destruction. The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying. We're all suspects now, not the ash property saying. I have nothing on hide. Table partners all are saying. I know Bidian, Kato don't have any reserve issues. Bought up real good, we're a good violation. Old regime must fall and have a virgin and stoke with no objection at all. Till the crackstone have the falls and the right wing is drilling it over and over and to our parade. Watchman, I rag, has some. Wappin' the past destruction. Only I rag, has some. Wappin' the past destruction. You think that's just a coincidence that the gang rich opened up a big mouth. He happens to be now, new gang rich, and then flies it into defense and can carry down the rum spell. Do you know that? No. I do know that's the reason that he came out and claimed the State Department for alienating American allies, and then gending as real security, backing your videctators, and just bitched out the State Department. So we ought to do away with it. This matter of fact. Meaning cool and polychorus. Who happens to be the one dove? Of course he's small potatoes, not anyway. They got him. They got one ball cut off him as well. Chopin' both. So let's try out a little new pie. Do all the white wingers, man rich, San Thurme, he's attacking a faggs. Newt gang rich, he's attacking the State Department and colon Powell. And meanwhile, a rum spell he's getting ready to drop the big ones on North Korean. Anybody else, we can go in Syria, of course. That's, uh, Woolsey's territory. Those fascist and Syria. And you think we got problems with SARS and Toronto? Yeah. Yeah, that should be your biggest problem, George. Of course we know what your biggest problem. Hey, the rumor I'm here and up here already is that Moe is going to make that thing on, on Carlos's neck better tomorrow morning. He's going to kiss it better. He's going to kiss it and make it feel better. And the thing on his neck too. Anyway, our poll today in what city will you find the most obnoxious people, maybe, and more of course is in, uh, he lives in Boca. Miami 175, Paris 148, New York 109, Boca 97. Which used to be a lot more civilized place until about 14 months ago. In 1997, 12th at Alphate a 23, DC having 6 Detroit 3, uh, Snot Stair, Arizona's better. Pirate land has got two. Greenwich Connecticut's got a pair. Oakland's got two. Tampa, which is just gone on there a moment ago is got a pair. My sky one and Vienna Austria. I guess we can even get that guy out of computer. Or at least maybe a Vini sausage. Speaking of sausage, we got the mad dogs. Jim Manage, you're one to Humphor at three this afternoon. Bye bye bye! Bye bye!