Nerf, I'm going to get a scum like that girl! Godwild is the video that shows real girls splashing their goods join Spring Break Week in Florida! What about the hoties? Who spent the whole year in Florida? Now, thank God they're own video! It's Golden Girls Godwild! Who's in Hawaii? It's all your favorite Golden Girls! Dorothy Rose Blanch and they always seductive Sophia! I share it to think what was going on throughout the world! Well, you won't have to think because Golden Girls Godwild is two full hours of these ravenous retirees, showing loads of wrinkly scams! I am the most attractive and available woman in all of my amnes! Golden Girls Godwild! These hoties with hot flashes are going tough, let's ever chance they can! Except when they're arthritis players. Girl, I'm never even open my eyes again! It doesn't get any sexier than this! But they'll take our word for it! Listen to what they call in girls are saying about each other! She was fucking forgotten! It's Golden Girls Godwild! Watch it just one time and you'll agree! I know two of five, 60 of WQM happy Thursday to be able to and I had some very warm bonding moments this morning, even a little beiner boy couldn't believe it. Touching. Especially when I put on those two muskgrat rugs and walked in there kind of waddled in there. Zack, try to compose yourself! Wait, that's if it would lose you job, Zack! Be laughing at the boss in there! Man, he was just a turlyse at almaschman as pants! He was laughing so hard! I thought it was lovely! And then more open drawer here a little bit later on and yelled in, but he said something about real... He said, I was pretty good, he said, but you can't put real hair on a fake head. Have you ever seen a mannequin with a wig gone? See what mode should I understand? He's not what can you put real hair on a fake head? You can put fake hair on a real head! If anybody should know, you know what I'm saying? I didn't think so, he's slow on the uptake. So anyway, the exciting news, the new development on MSNBC, new development! Was they tore down another statue of Sodom and Kyrh Cook? And they had the Sod effect of hitting the ground in Kyrh Cook. So that's the big thing now, is a statue is being yanked down by the Iraqi people. This is tremendous penetrating work there for the networks. New development! Here's our first pass that they already. Before we give the pull resup, you get out of where new pull and get onto a wild, fast four hours. Says good morning, Neil. It's official. I'm not finished with listening the Howard David show. Sorry to Goldie, good luck in getting out of there he says. Goldie was kind of like, you know, he did chuckle a little bit, he tried to control him softly. He was tortlling. Sorry, Goldie to put you in that position. Howard David is such an egotistical pompous asset, says he doesn't know Schmidt from Apple butter when it comes to sports. He is a broadcaster who should be doing the trampoline weather and set a sports. This morning, I just about drove off the road about 705 on Howard blurted out. The islanders were the shocker of night along with the flyers beating the leaf. He's a dumbass, it says. What are you chuckling about? Says he's a dumbass. He didn't really say that about the, I don't know, it says I hope you can get to tape. It says if I heard it wrong, which is possible, then my apology to mold, but I don't think I misunderstood. In addition to which, I think you get a little bit carried away because quite frankly, the final score that game has no bearing on the way the game itself. It was a grotesque performance. It says he went upon gold leaves, but I'm going to tell you something that was, I mean, the win a game like that still had me just puking. I was done on a floor puking my guts out at the end of the game. I've never seen a worse performance than the second period. I mean, just just absolutely hanging on for a dear life. Final score, Philadelphia 3, Toronto 5, we'll take it. Andrew Pop gets injured. Darcy Tucker gets injured, no loss there. But the same old stuff again, playhouse, lots of injuries, lots of embarrassment, but still come out with a win. Nice, go on boys. Also, it says in his facts to get that my mind off is incident and an honor of golf, we could QM, could you play throughout your show, the drop of tiger woods, I like him, what's your agenda? I draw with the origin, is you were telling it from some dumb movie? Yes, from shaft. From Shansh, not our bit. It's a mobit. We don't play most drop-ins on this show. We got nothing more on drop-ins. Okay. So, sorry about that. I'm sorry that Moa, his knowledge of hockey came bursting through again. One of those things. A lot of hockey knowledge on this radio station. Speaking of the Augusta thing, I'm not going to spend any time with him. I'm tired of that. It's just ponderous. You know, we did have the Stanley Cup playhouse series there last night, and all the way to work, the only thing I heard on a Moa show, was about the bad limitations of Hoody Johnson. Talk about a drooling Yahoo Redneck. I mean, good. I say to be redundant. A drooling Yahoo Redneck. Just pathetic. And you'll notice how they've kind of changed their tune on this station a little bit. All these misogynists guys we got on here. Wow, you know, we don't agree with what he's doing, but that's his right. He can do whatever he wants. And then, to my amazement, which I was unaware of, because I don't want to give her crap about golf, come to find out that Jews are still excluded from membership at Augusta. Jews. And don't we have three, at least three, maybe four Jews on this station. And then all along this last year defending. I mean, yeah, he can leave anybody out out. He wants, but CBS in a meantime is making it into a major spectacle and promoting it. That's the problem. Right. Not a question of whether he has a right to do it as a private club or not. And once upon a time, of course, before the elder came along, they excluded blacks as well. So obviously, the blacks had a much better and more threatening lobby than the Jews and the women. Of course, we should know that here. That's where it goes. It's a Schwarz-Velth. But the fact that they don't let Jews in there, and they've been on there hysterically, and it's easy to do that. So I support the attack on Iraq. It's the same thing. Look at the pole. Stick your finger off the window. See which way to win this blowing. And then say, oh, yeah, these damn dikes. This marked up Burke and all these. Yeah, they're painting the ass. You didn't hear that quality. They had saying that, uh, always tradition is never seen. Oh, no, I wrote it down. No, you got it wrong. Not just tradition. Augusta, the guy was up there five times. Then, what one on the safe? I've been there 11 times broadcasting an tournament. That tournament. He said it was hallowed ground. I wrote it down, actually. See, I mean, what's that remind? No, hallowed ground. You want that reminded me of? It reminded me of the day that Mad Dog got that call after the hurricanes. When a big game over, was it FSU? Was that the game? And then the dolphins pulled out that big game the next day. Right. The caller who said, aren't we blessed down here, Jim? And then, of course, very soon afterward, the hurricanes lost the national championship and the dolphins took him gagged into England for a few minutes. Aren't we cursed down here, Jim? I mean, seriously, the people that the sports nerds attract at this radio station, they're scary. I mean, we got some scary people, but you know, something even the scariest of our scary people. You know, even a worst of our chronics. You know what I mean? Yeah, like that. Even the worst aren't in the same category with these sports nerds. They scare me. It's hallowed ground. No changes. There can be any changes up there because it's your right. It's tradition. They've been doing this for as in years. Some of you argue black folks out there that are back and pick cotton on a plantation. They did that for odd redeers too and more. I mean, what does that mean? It's tradition. Figuratory has always been tradition. And when somebody comes along, he's got the balls to say, hey, this is bull crap. So I would think that the Jews on this radio station who should be saying, that it's a bigoted nasty. It reminds me of the old KELWorth Hotel on Miami Beach on by Arthur Godfrey. At least he was part owner, something like that. And they excluded. It was one of the course of those times in the 50s. It was commonplace restricted. No Jews, no blacks, no a, only good old, the glam. No Jews, no black folks, dogs. Right, no spicks. You're out. Yeah. And so the Jews on Miami Beach on a commission actually doing always the right thing. They were border Arthur Godfrey for his bigotry by renaming 41st street Arthur Godfrey Road. And to this day, I still can't figure that out. One of the most notorious anti-Semites never ever hired a Jew to be on his show ever. And yet it's the same thing. So why would you want to promote something that smells, I mean, it's the stench of bigotry exclusion just in river rail. And if you never, if you just saw this drooling red neck on your yesterday, I'd never seen him before, just still pictures. I haven't seen him. Oh, oh my god. He makes Trent lot. He makes, I'm trying, he makes less dramatic seem like Ted Kennedy. I'm telling you. Drulling Yahoo would ahead the accent, you know, just a real, like, Phil Graham from Texas, you know, remember him? That Drulling Yahoo Redneck. We're not too crazy about Drulling Yahoo Redneck on this program. I just want to mention it right up front. So if you're a Drulling Yahoo Redneck, don't take it personal as you want to, you know? I mean, just, I don't know. I mean, you're entitled to be a Drulling Yahoo Redneck, but just don't mess with anybody. Just stay there, hold yourself. Stick around with a lot of other Drulling, you know, re-ahu Redneck. I'm telling you, that's what I do it. No Jews, and I'll gust up. And he just mentioned that, Moe in passing, just in passing, that he couldn't be made to actually say Jew because they wouldn't be. He couldn't be a member in Goldie, he couldn't be a member in Robert Creeper, so when we're out there, by the way, thanks to the California Pizza Kitchen, and I only had a salad, don't get panicky. That was a great salad with blue cheese and little strips of onion ring and chunks of real bacon. Man, that was good. They brought by tons of pizzas, and gets it with the first one out there in a hallway to observe it. Zack. Hey Zack. Whoop. You're not full, anybody? You cow. I told him that. I said, why are you out here? Oh, just organize your... Oh, he's got the car packed with the, with the leftover, though. I already, I guarantee he's packing it. Quit packing it, Zack. You're going to die. I'm telling you, right now, you're going to die. He's packing it. You know something that seemed from Fatsau, where he ate all the Chinese food in the car in the way home? That's what's going to happen. There will not be, there won't be a piece of crust from those 25 pizza boxes that's actually got in the car by the time he gets home. To his eating joint. I feel so bad for the fat people around here. You know, the size's durian, by the way, speaking of fat people, she brought, I got ranger, you know what? She's fat. I mean, not real tubby fat. I got a lot, you know. I got this with this. It's felt here. In this place. No, she's fat. But anyway, she still hates mole like poison. This in case you're on a way home to Volca, Durian still hates you like crazy. And she said, the only reason you were speaking where this morning is because you had to come out there to get to free food. That's what Durian said. You tub a crap mole. And by the way, that thing was moving on his head this morning. I wish we had photos. We put it on our website of the tremendous performance I put out in there. It was great. It was sensational. Everybody was peeing in their pants. Even Galdi was like squirming around because he didn't want to like just totally crack up and lose his job. I think the audience probably thinks that you're kidding. That you would not be joking. I'm not joking. I'm not joking. It's a we have. I don't know where they came from. But we have some pelts, dead. What are those? Racoon. Minks. Oh. If he didn't know I'd been wearing a mink stool, he'd have really impressed. Maybe that's why I tried to stick his tongue to my throat. But so I went in and I just flopped it over the top of my head. Then there was an end of course I looked in there and he like as eyes were rolling around like a pinball machine. And then I came back and we got to one where the mink is like like a raccoon cap. It's like when the head looking at you. But totally turned around like a lucky arm. I almost. And I popped that on there. And of course at that point, exactly. I dropped the load in his pants. And mole actually said, nice job. Nice job. Oh, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho. What's better in mind? Something like that. It's done by the way, it does look a lot better in yours. How can you leave the house in the morning? Looking like that mole. Everybody's laughing. Oh my god. There's a 70 year old man with a 200 year old way. It's nasty. Anyway, let's do this spot. I see how I'm rounding again. Anyone in the lie has cus Georgia's in here to interrupt me. Kind of so glad he's not here this week. 12 minutes after nine and five sixty wqm. If you ever thought about getting a wireless phone like everybody that's smart. Well, sure you have, you know how valuable it is to keep in touch with your business as associates during the day, as well as being connected with your family at all time, especially like if you're driving around in this town. Well, don't postpone it any longer. Get it done today. Just call wireless city. There are a team mobile authorized dealer column now tool free. One AAA 2 2 180 80 and a wireless city folks will deliver today to your home or business that brand new wireless phone you're looking for ready to use. Wireless city a team mobile authorized dealer can offer you service plans perfect for you. There are new 3999 plan with 600 whenever minutes and unlimited weekends call wireless city now one AAA 2 2 180. Called it and get you the new small size Nokia 3390 with vibrating call alert and hands free to just call one. Let me say it again. One 888 2 2 180 80 service agreement required. See printed materials authorized representative at wireless city for limited complete details. Wireless city a team mobile authorized dealer call one AAA 2 2 180 80. And look this is for 25. 2 2 1 2 1. Yeah. Go up those check and pants. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.ych. Yeah. One, two. Yeah. So we need somebody calling immediately we're doing screenless again because Carlos is busy with the bedtime stories which we got about 70 real good ones today by the way If you want to truth about what's going on in the world look on our website if you want to pull crap watch MSNBC and see it in especially fox oh man I think that was a fox uh Pelt Did I had am I hit wouldn't that be bad? That's their ear right there minks Always wanted that was my life's a goal I guess I've reached it to where mink This is bad news for by the way Dr. Ackens Dr. Bob my good close personal friend the thought of the Ackens diet No, not quite but low carbohydrate diet promoter Dr. Robert Ackens was hospitalized yesterday with severe head injuries after falling on icy sidewalk in New York Atkins 72 slipped and fell Tuesday outside the atkins Center for complimentary medicine according to Richard Rothstein a spokesman for Ackens and by the way Neither one of them could be admitted to August either Although he was admitted to West New York while court court now medical center Where they do allowed you's were he under one surgery for severe head trauma. He fell on the ice That was gonna be a health thing Skeptic what don't you start with your you know, he just is a guy that weighs about 42 pounds soaking wet in the sink And you're gonna start in about to die it's by the way do you some of that pizza? Yeah, that's high one is great good there you go. Thanks again to California pizza kitchen Don't do it again while I'm here though, please Now that you saw what I eat at the salad too much of it though was a gigantic but it was all atkins okay I got a lot in slip on a pavement just like in the answer to them Rothstein said the extent of Ackens impermanence as yet unknown he's in recovery now and doctors are telling us it'll be a day or two or three days before we have the answers to these questions Atkins is the author of the best selling Dr. Ackens new diet revolution which emphasizes meat eggs Teas and discourages bro, I know all about that. We know the Ackens on his show. Okay. We don't need any primers on the That stuff okay for experts. I know we just can't do it. I mean So there you go. Let's pray for Dr. Bob. What do you say? Let's pray a little bit. I'm a ruchato tonight Saviour doc Here's the pool from yesterday by the way save muff to why I'd say prayer for me. Not feeling to good day He said something about the little head Cool Here's yesterday's facts Which of these sends you diving to the dial to change stations a foul. Let's before we do the pull resale. We'll get a jewellery port from Augusta WQAM I was listening to what in the other four. Yes, sir. I think I made a mistake regarding the gestinational policy on on Jews. Is it not true? Last year's Sandy Wilde is chairman of the city group resigned his membership over the Over the mark the percussion and so if he was on a board then he must have been they must have changed that He's very well. That's another mistake on a mo show then Okay, thanks for the good news. See another mistake for a mo another bad mistake. No, yeah Not only he said the flyers beat the leaves last night. That really hurts boy After we played a crap game like that and still won five to three. Let's hear for Alexander McGilley Trick baby, man. He is so good. God is he great. I'm not just talking about a great hockey player just a great athlete. I'm at any sport Remember that you reskoreed 76 schools with buffalo years ago. No, I know you wouldn't Long time ago, but he just underrated. He'll give the credit he deserves Alexander McGilley is God, baby. Nice gone sweet art Pretty upset about that injury to Nick Antropov not good, but I just mentioned that in passing any hockey interest out there. I know it So we made a mistake on that and he makes a mistake. I mean, this is a major thing That sounds actionable to me, you know Land when a guy comes on our air and says that Augusta would not allow him or creeper I'll unless there was something else about and I even ask creeper to make sure Because he said that he and creeper and Goli couldn't be members of Augusta. That's I will maybe just creeps They don't well it in right now. It could be it so I asked rock so let's blame it on a mo and I'm creeper because I asked that professional self-hating you in a hall by the food there I said is that we need true because I want to get my fat straight And this first caught our right off right off the bat. Close that out of the water Get your facts right mo use silly old goose my god The same man that tells us that you can't put real hair on our fake head. I guess he's never seen a mannequin Gar from New York. He should have walked by macy's window many times Huh, looked in and just wished that he could look like one of those mannequins I'm not talking about the ones that have like a real face just around ones that have no features, you know You know the ones I'm talking about it's just like the the piece on top of the head Sure you can you can put real hair on a fake head and fake hair on any real head Or you can also put fake hair on a fake head. It's mixing match mo you'd make your pick He was wearing his Thursday finest today. By the way, the one it's pused gray. It was beautiful It didn't move around a little bit. What's that went in there with the stuff on my head? It did start moving around he was very animated anyway to pull on we apologize for that Erron here, but again, we got it from the mo show Sounds very very actionable to me I think he owes them an apology. Don't you Just because hoodie Johnson happens to be a drooling Yahoo Redneck doesn't mean that they keep to Jews out of there anymore Any mo Which in these sends you diving to the dial the change stays in space to rest yesterday on our real famous pool on the aronters dot com Marlin's baseball 317 moth 300 to say oh by the way today's payday clearance Yippie yeah case clearance might be listen case he's awake yet. It's payday sweetheart I just mentioned that in passing okay, so needless to say a little beiner more he's Jones and for his check and actually I'm just sitting here waiting for mine I wait till about 10 30 that I'm going home Marlin's baseball 317 votes winning by almost 100 They die for the dial and you can only imagine on the Marlin's exhibition games you know like the ones that we have at 12 30 and 11 40 5 at one day It erupting this highly rated high page show. Oh, oh, man. How did they justify that Greg? It's like George has a sports bar with a microphone don't you understand? Greg is a sports fanatic and clearance. He's also a sports nut. That's why he don't care about our paychecks only cares about his sports and also it's a gambling palace Yeah, it's a bookie joint Marlin's baseball 317 George's voice 238 sends them diving to the dial when a little George mumbly Religion talk 209 that was the shocker to me They're just burnout. What are you shaking your head about that? I'm surprised that we get to tell response on that religion talk every time Who's we? Well, then you'll rock your show. I'm sorry You mean to you and George Are you telling me you put them up to it? No Let's see a week or so ago. You're wanting to know where the dancing in the streets were Oh, I see a Randy from Margie. Yeah, okay. Hey Randy you see the pictures of the people in the hospitals Okay, the grotesque images you jackass See I knew it wouldn't take long wait about two of these yesterday and now already we have one today about the people dancing in the streets As most of the commentators pointed out there was a very limited number very very small for what was supposed to be a major celebration I mean, I'm happy for the Iraqi people there are their feet from Sodom, but who knows what's coming next? Well, back there's a very small city and just like you're saying in Afghanistan Hey, guess what guys maybe you'd like to come back a little bit more because it's getting really nasty here didn't finish the job as usual But we never do But this is another simple thing who's very you know all his emotions all of his views on life and a world come from his little 17 inch color TV My epic go see an eye doctor, okay. I think you're cock-eyed Now did I get them with a pull-in-oid did not because I was interrupted by Randy from Miramar Who obviously has serious mental problems religion talk two ten? Mohour David's voice hundred eighty cents them diving to the aisle there changed the station Race track talk 117 they don't want to hear those old cochers talking about the Gulf stream about the Ambed judge took their horse down and the four over to one two seven. They want to hear that crap It is ponderous I great. I don't want to hear it either Golf talk one sixteen and what you hear mad dog at the masters again today more than that golf talk more that Martha Burke hoody Johnson talk Gel these voice and way down only 65 See all this crap about you know, could he get an operation and changes voice and in Greg that was kind of silly You know That was embarrassing is there an operation that changes voice and they come out like water cronkider Lester hold Huh, I don't think gel these gonna be some like lester hold anytime soon. Do you I could be wrong? What do you think, Gaudy only 65 66 whatever it is hockey talk 44 how about those leave? And how about on about folding up right off the bat on that juxtap Martan three nothing right at home there to the very marginal islanders War talk 36 and talk about moes in last place. They love it so they must have loved the one or two Our yesterday because we had a malicious hour talk about moe had only 20 votes out of 1347 Now here's today's pool, which is one at the is gonna require a lot of activity body audience And we already threatened with this yesterday what it was gonna be we teased it a little bit Now that the US has taken over your rack radio and TV what should be the first show on a year This is what we're gonna be building Carlos so get your other crap done, but I realize only give you 75 stories So you got a lot of money. I have to answer the phone In between eating and the sitting there pecking around on that typewriter just to write some of these down. Maybe Eric can do it. I don't it he's busy Eating and pecking around Now that the US has taken over your rack radio and TV what should be the first show on a year there And and they are actually not seriously they are having a show today. Do you see that? Votion Blair are gonna be on with your rakea subtitles? No, yes They had they've set up a special station your rakey free TV or whatever they're calling it. Yeah, that's true We should put somebody on that can talk that no said a story. I can said Tony Blair will be on there Here's the I made a short list myself and then of course you can add to it I'm sure that's the idea are you hot somebody suggest that yesterday The rakeys is I don't want to say this but generally is the people the ones were seen in the streets not Now what you call a great looking people you know, they're not exactly the Swedes or the Danish or the Germans or the Dutch or A big of a pardon which is racist are you hot American idol the Osborns? Oh, if they saw that die pepsy spot they would crack up you know as my all this crap They've gone through that would put a smile on their posts bedtime for Bonzo Since it was Reagan at the Reagan and Bush one it kind of left them or holding the bag and passions Oh, and any of my passions people out there you must see today's episode. It is sensational As precious as ordering stuff here. You got a 10-pancy ordering from a shopping network on TV with a credit card And they got the diek in there the diek nurse who's coming on to bet now any old lady old Mrs. Wallace is a warning her It's it's a panic and the least by the way don't worry about him. He's okay 27 after nine at five 60 WQM out. Tell you this weekend. Here's a great place to take the whole gang out Celebrate qualities of great things that are going on. I think great things going on somewhere. They must be and that's the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet with three South Florida locations each one outstanding. They're in Pembroke Pines They're in North Miami Beach and of course in beautiful geriatric sunrise Start out with any of their six different soups or try all of them if you like all depending on how big and gigantic your appetite is And I've seen some of you in there. So I know and they've got dozens and does again I'll want to say one more time. I've never actually counted the enthrase nearby guarantee of their leaves Probably more than that on trace Oriental surfing turf on a weekends New York strips take me to order in their gourmet center, which is a sizzling Asian grill featuring Terry Oki steak and shrimp chicken seafood handcar primary and Again the Emerald Coast won't give you headache because they don't use any MSG. Then it's in a cornstarch Then they cook only with cholesterol for your oil's no crap the buffet animal coast features a full salad bar new sushi bar fresh from cocktail and even better news At the Emerald Coast their famous lobster fest is back featuring lobster thermators and lobster bisc Bring yourself a gigantic hearty appetite and I'm sure you will because they got a dessert bar to finish off your meal That's amazing pies cakes pastries ice cream not a favorite toppings and fresh fruit as well Three locations sunrise in Pinal on a 44th street Collins Avenue just north of 163 North Miami Beach and at the intersection of Flamingo and Pembroke Pines They've separate reservations take out and delivery also available at the world famous Emerald Coast A lot of imitators but believe me they'd be the best call 9 5 4 5 7 2 3 8 22 9 5 4 5 7 2 3 8 22 the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet are on beatables Pines don't as dirt Beers The Rather Die what a price if you want bottom East you should watch last their home He works all day on every Wow She had an answer in brown as a fool. Can you hear my voice? You should watch less their hopes, you. The bottle is so smooth. It puts me in a trash. He makes me feel funny in my pants. Don't give me wrong, I'm not gave up. I tell you man if I would that wave. It'd be paradise just me and less their hopes. Champagne on ice and double lots of dead gold. 93 Solivitory's our audience, the first match I get, look at what it says. For the appall. I've already saved that. That was my, that's already on there. Erich has put up the preliminary not for the audience in general, but just for my approval. It's already on there. The Osborns got all mighty. What is wrong with his crowd? In fact, they even went through that whole thing about the Dipepsies spot. But these people they don't listen, they don't listen. Maybe they got waxy build up a new ears like I'm got. Now that the US has taken over your rack radio and TV, what should be the first show on a year? So far we've got this is my short list, my short one. Are you hot, American Idol? Iceborns, bedtime for bonds and passions. You know, put something on there with a little humor to it. Don't put anything deadly serious on there. Give them a little chuckle. Just a little chuckle. Yeah, like that would be good. Maybe just that sound would be good. To say that over loud speakers all over the country. Right? Listen. How could we go wrong? Put a smile on her face. Oh, no! No! No! No! No! No! No! Yeah! If you want me to get to get to humor, don't play too close to the hospitals, though, by the way. Not a good idea. Not a good idea. Mike, Oxlong votes for Idream of Jeannie. She was always flying off to Baghdad, so they know we're already. That's not bad. Put that on, you got it. You do? How do you have it? You're sitting there with your hands and your thing. Just type it. Oh, your eye. See, your- Oh, boy. He's not wasting any time. Otherwise we're not making a say five process deal. No. Well, I'm- I have to email it to Eric so you can put it on the floor. Oh, no, I'm not saying you're going to email it to Eric. Okay, every time I hear those words, I start getting asked. I'm pooping my pants when I hear you say that. Because he just has trouble getting emails. Not from anybody else just from you. He doesn't get your emails. He's got to block that. WQAM. WQAM? Yes, sir. Hey, I can certainly have the worst sports talk show host in the history of the world. Momomomomomomow. Yes? You're talking about how you could put real air on a fake head or fake hair on a real head. That is correct. But in his case wouldn't it be like really fake hair on a dickhead? That a good point. Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! Wow! 560560, pound-560. I'll be sure past that long to marc when I bond again. We're getting so tight in our every morning. It's quite an affair. He also told me to go for it myself. And I said back at you. That's a true story. WQAM? Yeah, hi, new old man. How are you? Fine, great show. Yes, it is. I'm having a good time. Yes, you are in great, wonderful form. Now let me tell you, I think to show that to go on in Iraq, although I'm afraid of my cause of counterattack, is that damn Phil Henry show. That would show them how truly hateful and venomous. Are you sure? Have you heard him to keep your blood pressure down? Yeah, I've heard about five minutes until I could take. I mean, he's worth some rush limbo. Well, he's trying to be a rush junior junior. I mean, but it's sincere. That's what's scary. No, it's not. Oh, man. I don't believe it. He's screaming at people who call and disagree with him. I mean, his blood pressure is gone. He's seen, he's got the memo from the people at their channel. He knows which side is but is butter on. But Neil, I mean, it's not easy. Tell me that's what makes it even worse is that I don't believe it is sincere. He's pandering. I can't believe it because he's too vain to, to, to, to, to, grow that completely and profoundly. Okay. And I wanted to tell you too, are you there? I'm here. Okay. So what if's worth Randy Rhodes speaks very well of you on the air? Well, you know, I actually tried listening to her yesterday on 1290, but I could just barely hear it and even in Broward, he can't get that signal very well. I know. And I heard that through her callers and believe me, you know, she's doing a good job and she's trying her best but the callers. It's like a light bulb radio all over again. You know, it's just not for me. Right. Good luck to you, Randy. You'll need it sweetheart. I like you though. Talking about old yentas. Okay. And I'm the feeling is mutual. Have a great day. Okay. Bye. Randy likes me. There you go. Well, well, well, just calm down, Randy. Quit taking yourself so seriously. But you doing a wonderful job to make your non-estation like a real market where somebody could hear you. Somebody says Dallas. I put it down, but I don't know why. What? Huh? The hell with that? I don't know. Don't ask me. I'm asking you. I don't know what the significance of this. Maybe the JR. JR you in. I don't know what that means. Is it the Texas desert? No, then I have a desert in Texas. Oh, is this a puts? It's dusty. Yeah, it's musty. And thus, you just put it down. Don't ask. It is not for us to ask. We just take orders. We're just here following orders. You know what I'm saying? You understand? The stop-okings track of everyone. That's why we're following orders. Real due to fleet. WQIN. Yes, for all of you. Yes, sir. Good morning. I would like to nominate the South Park movie. South Park would be good. Well, the movie because they show Saddam Hussein and Satan having gay sex. It is triggered. Okay. You have a good one, you know. And also, thank you so much. I'm a Buzzerlo. That's a great scene that holds Saddam's big and that movie is amazing. Yeah. Ah, Jesus. Are you fucking kidding me? 22 till 10 at 5. 60 WQIN. What's going to be a great Thursday? I can smell it already. He's at that or molest at peace on a cheer in there. And it's watching all the way down my home. Maybe that's what got muffled a little under the weather. Maybe some maybe it was down. He was downwind from that crawling thing yesterday that was. He was spending too much time out in the hallway. We have agreed. I hate to say this, but you know me. Honest to the point of painful. We've all agreed. We took a poll. All three of us. Although during wooden agree because she still hates him like poison. She said, I asked her how the food was out there from California. Kitchens, she said it was molicious. She didn't. She really said that. See, you know her. But anyway, we agreed that there's about 5% of more Howard David in that. Really is a hoot. He's a hoot like 5% of like the wrong gene. I don't know that body and doesn't really fit there. The other 95% you wouldn't spit on the best part of it if you could find it. If it would sit still on his head. But there's about more if you could just like try to clone that 5% I mean we would love you. You know we'd have a great time. But you just you don't have it in your, you know, because you're a bag of pompous when that's the problem. Just like Skippy, you know, he's a bag. When you got for us today, no, no goods. Don't come in here with any freebies. Yesterday came with my oleomid, which I thank you for refusing out blood pressure by the way is much better since I'm popping my oleomid blood pressure is forming. It really is. That about 10 points or more. He's looking me like, oh really that crap really works. And that's you. Skippy, you're not fooling me. You know, just take the accounts that you inherited and what's the story with you in screw and back there. Are you servicing her or something? Because she sure gave you a lot of accounts. You. For a little guy, he must be packing something at, you know, fooling everybody in this building, except her I guess. Not quite like. Roy. What second best? Twenty-tilt ten at five, sixty WQM. Hey, listen, speaking of idiots, how's Trondrecto and there's a real schmuck for you. If you're in a dead end job working for morons, call fast renegade yourself a real job in a real big flat paycheck. Speaking of pay tax, by the way, is Clarence in a building? Pay day clearance. Call one eight six six fast trying to get started. They knew high-pane computer job. This isn't a joke. This is for real. And just for short, once you can be out of your dead end job, you can tell your boss to kiss your ass and kiss him goodbye forever. Just call fast train at one eight six fast train. They'll try to get yourself started. They are for convenient dating weekend classes. Check them out on the web at fastrain.com and get out of your dead end job. And because of the fact that they got locations all over town is bound to be one year by where you live. Fast train's got locations in Miami. Kendall, Pembro Pines and Prsteages for a lot of deal. Just to get your free American flag bumpers to Koutou and wave it in the breeze. Pick up the phone to get yourself on a road to a great new career and a real serious big fat income. Call fast train today at one eight six six fast train. The light is in the wall. We are sports radio five six. You a m. The Dragon dropped air on the taxi car. But that's right. That's real fun. That'd be funny. You look that mean. So quishickling. I could tell if he was in the dark. So I acted out my pop shoe raid. And with my arms, the trees I made. No bump speaks English and a m. I went down to my, yeah, I met Beachwear, the weather is nice. I'm sunny. I walked into a liquor storm. But the guy there talks real fun. I asked him to pop kind of fortune be me just not the end of what does that mean. The butter's pushing wish. I'm gonna be more. That's called a deli. Hell, I think I've been practicing. Speaking with smelly. Are you gonna go back to the lower rack? I came here. I came here. I can't hear the go. But my ABC. I don't say much as gross as I said pretty pretty. So get yourself to a classroom quick. You're in America now. Stop making me sick. You're not my special. Come on in. I'm 25. I'm 60. WQMO. I got a couple with Oprah. I don't know why, but it's not our first to ask. Maybe they want to see what real fat. I'm just gusting people to make a billion dollars look like. And then we got certain right live. Get that on. Give me a chuckle or two. The gong show. Some old sub-barous reruns. Here's a facts from a listener. George says the TV rotation for a racker is already in the bag. Dad gun smoked the wild wild west and banana. Any of those you think? Ha ha ha ha ha ha. It's just I wonder how long it'll take a Mr. Mosh to get fired up. And I can't even crack the Iraqi market. Well, for that you'll have to ask. I've heard five six set of 0.5 60 pound five 60 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. As we're building a magnificent list. You know, you can erick can actually put up the thing. I mean, he's got a good one saying. How many of you emailed him so far? None. I just emailed them the group of everything we've done since. And time for a bunch of him passions on there also. Oh, you did a facts from that? That wasn't at the beginning? No. Okay. Get those on there. Bedtime for bonds was important. Okay. Ronnie would like to tell me he forgot the phone number. He'd like to tell the people over there if he could find out who's in charge. And passions, of course. I still say if you haven't seen Sheridan Audio. He had a rose out there. Man Sheridan on passion. She is. I can't imagine a more beautiful woman on a face of the earth. Okay. Give me a look like that. I'm just telling you she's blonde. She's beautiful. She's got a great body. She's everything you'd want. But because it's a silly ass. Not even just a soap opera but a comedy soap opera. I've never seen her. That's the only reason I gave you a book. Oh, I'm just telling you. It's a pretty good source. If I was of your persuasion. If I was a little spick. WQAM. Yes, sir. I don't. I love this. So I've been listening to this May, 1998. What? But. Yes. Are you doing button here? Mine is. I always know when you're about to make a drop because I hear that keyboard tapping. Yeah. He like you do right now. I can hear it. Yeah. I did that cause you just said it, too. Yeah, I see. I'm not planning anything but I just did that cause you said it. And also is it? Is it possible that all talking to those just have like some kind of psychic ability? Because whatever I'm out to say something, you guys like answer my question like not even a milliphre can have that. If there's a button. I smell it. I did that for you. I'm a psychic. Miss Cleo is a piker camera compared to me. Yeah, I can can George stay up permanently and keep calling us there. We're working on it. Let George. I'm like in this call better by the minute. Let George take all these effetecubes and I hear my min. Take them out of the big cruise to back the cube with the table. I think I know. I know. What do you say? At the end, you just got a little bit carried away. Something about. But so I'm going to yell like you. No, you don't like you. Specs is what he was trying to say. Well, beiner boys a little. He's a little one. Ficed. That's what most said. 560, 750, 560 pound. You know, and that whole hour did yesterday. We never played. More rapes Carlos. We've got to play that. We don't want to overdo that because it might actually come true. W to Q. I am. I'm pretty good. Hey, I'm. Love you. Show. I don't agree with you every time. Why not? That's because we're two different people. I see. Okay, but understandably. Please. Just do me this one favor. Maybe. That beiner boy off the damn air. Has he said he said anything today? Yes, he has. I can't. What is it? Can be more. Ha ha ha ha. It was. It was so good. That was excellent. He said it can't stand at the. King beiner boy. Well, goes to show you a matter of who he's sticking to. You're all right off the bat because the audience is picky. Okay. They got all of George damn. You're one of Paul yesterday about what sense of the way to change it out. The fastest sign of George's work. Well, you talk about a chronic factor. I mean, generally good. Facts is a good guy. It says the funny part of the most show this morning was him trying to do a hoody Johnson. He heard that it was so lame. His impression was not funny, but when Moe asked to call or what he thought of it. The caller said it was bad. He was being serious. He told Moe sounded like a New Yorker. I think it upset Moe's feeling. He then and guilty took some shot about Stanton Island. Of course, guilty talking about how somebody sounds. Yeah, I was really kind of silly in the first place. He put you up a little bit. You twirp. TV show. Be watch. Now we're talking. Yeah. That would be good. They watch for all those frustrated Iraqis. All are quite frankly from no way to been reproducing. I don't think there's. First it is some might seem, huh? Well, what else are they going to do? Have it on. He's been letting him do that. When nobody's watching. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. Will the US taking over Iraqi TV and radio? What should be the first show on a year? Here's our shirtless so far. Are you hot American Idol? The Osborns? I don't see any other ones up there yet. Are you going to send this to him? Are you going to do that last call or heads with on to something? No, I said it to already. Well, he doesn't have it yet. He is a slow as molasses on a July day in the equator. God is he slow. But. He just told me to say that, Eric. Don't take it personal. He just looked me and I said the ripman asked. That time for Bonzo passions, I dream of Jeannie. Phil Henry show because he's... Are you sure? Dallas, South Park movie, the Gong show, Saturday night live, Oprah and Baywatch. Hopefully not the ones with Pamela Sue Anderson. Because Georgia get really upset. Are we putting any of those guns smoke bananas? Yeah, put guns smoke on there. That would be good. Gun smoke. Although probably that would be rubbing it in. But you put it on there anyway. I guess by now they probably used to it. Especially the smoke part. God. Man, can you imagine what breeding the air must be like there? Whoa. And they also have a shortage of water I'd like to put in. We got some really good articles on our website today that Bina Boyz busy putting on. There will be rip and Bina Boyz okay. He's working his ass off to put that information on there. Also, I heard mol and guilty may reference to this. Says although the fate of Sodom who's saying is unknown as his rule crumbles in bag that he's driving as a collectible on eBay. During the three week war in Iraq collectives have swamped the internet trading site with more than a thousand items including Iraqi money, t-shirts and videos that capitalize on Sodom's notoriety. One seller telling the Sodom Dinar one of two currencies used in Iraq was quick to advise his items a piece of history certain to grow in value when the war is over. And like I said yesterday when rumors about those free dinners he's going to be over with a fork and spoon and knife. With a current world situation chances are this will be the last currency available coming out of Iraq at least with Sodom's picture on it to sell a road. Iraq's Sodom Dinar was by far the most popular item with some options fetching. About $400 for a few bills. They're fetching and worth fetching. At the end of March $1 could be a change for about 3,000 Iraqi bills. A search for Sodom on eBay. What is this? A search for Sodom who's saying on the eBay website you'll do 900 hits involving a wide variety of items associated with them. This particular story from CNN isn't as good as the other one that I passed on about the they've got heads, Sodom heads like the ones at the Yankeh to have the stance when they were coming back. They've got those as well. Well, they must be producing them. Yes. Well, not the one from this. Did you realize that that was, what was that made? That was it. Granite. I heard bronze. I'm sorry, bronze. That's why I said bronze. Don't take it for Granite. Then I know what I'm talking about because I'm going to go here from that food this morning. It was very good though, but don't do that again during your pitch. For anyone eager to get Sodom's on a graph 15, but there's a push to price of an auto Sodom to 23 bucks and autograph photo of some. You know, see, of course, to show you, what did I say during that all Jay Gautron a year ago, huh? Same thing. Some of you people have no principles at all. Here's a guy that killed two people and called, but well, it might be worth something someday. Oh, my God. Give me a break. Talk about a total sellout. Autograph pictures of Sodom who's saying you ought to be ashamed of yourself. I'm going to tell you right now as much as we may have very, very serious political differences. This is those people off eBay and send them to the bushmeister. That's right. We're going to send them to Harvon Gering, Rumsfeld personal. You'll notice speaking of Harvon Gering, Rumsfeld, that has got a big, pompous thing yesterday, who was, uh, high-prevent-living about Syria once again. Those, he's not just wrapped in that in there for the fun of it. There's a message in there like, hey, are you, they keep saying, well, the troops are exhausted and they want to come home, which we can certainly understand that. But, uh, I have a feeling they're not going to be coming home. Not directly. They're going to make a slight move to the west, but not very far. Syria will be next. That's what they got in mind if they can get away with it. Syria is going to be next. That's what they in Ariel, Sherron. They're other good right-winged Jew buddies, Nizville. They've got in mind. That's what it's all about. Tragic. And those are the rest of us Jews that we can't even get into goddamn Augusta, Kornimo. Hey, well get your facts, Ray. That's really an outrageous comment to make. So we either have to trust him and, uh, creeper or we believe the car who made a good point. And that is that the guy who resigned over the, uh, who he Johnson, uh, Martha Burke business, the, the women business, that guy was obviously Jewish. And if he was on a board of directors, he's obviously a member. So let's find out who's telling the truth and who's full of crap. Huh? Let's investigate this. Is this thing up here yet? Because I'm voting for passions. I'll tell you right now. I think I think it'll be the, oh, talk about putting a smile on their face. Then of course, once they saw Shannon, I mean, to share in whatever her name is. Not Shannon. Shannon, that's a real throwback to some other stuff that we had on the show, Longro. Shannon, I thought, no. Yeah, that's right. 567.0560, pound 560 on the AT&T. Oh, look at this NBC camera catches battle under Baghdad Bridge. It's also a luxury, I think, of the fact that the real problem is rapidly becoming one. Not simply of cleaning out these few holdouts that are holding us whatever reason. But they're lazy hearing out. Not a story restoring order stopping the looting and getting the city back to normality. Yeah, they're maybe more like that. And Colonel, how long will that take you? Weeks, months? How long do we, who live for the more skirmishes like we're seeing here? I would guess that these kind of skirmishes will probably start dying out very, very rapidly. As it becomes clear to whoever these guys are that there simply nothing above them and that they're completely on the right. Yeah, but we want to know how many days before this winds down, Colonel. But third man. Here's a fact says here's the info you wanted. I let three lies. The fugitive, the good, the bad, and the ugly, and definitely gunsmoke. Well, one out of four ain't bad. Thank you, Gene. G-roges. Good guy. Probably ridded related somewhere, Longroly, phony, family, tree, I've created. Let's see. Now that Sodom has gone assuming the rest of her records away. Have one basic comment. I feel much safer and secure and I don't you? No, no. Did this make a sin till a difference in any Americans like other than those killed or made a torture over there in their families? No. Uh, as for real show, the price is right in the hockey night in Canada. Not the broadcast to get last night. I'll play to that. Somebody poke Bob Cole on the ribs. Will you please? Hey, Koli, talking about a bad head of hair. Man, get with it. He was just awful last night. Just horrible. awful. And Harry Neil poor Harry wasn't too much better. Talk about the blind leading the blind. That was a bad telecast last night, A on CBC. And various for you guys. Now we already, we've read this thing from here. I'm not hearing what about how many times we read this. I got to get rid of that already. Okay. We appreciate the faxes, but we read that line from her and Gary. I see. I got indigestion now. I'm gripped from that breakfast. It was delicious. I just can't be eaten. Okay. You know that. I shouldn't have done that. But it would look great. Did I eat in the pizza? No, it looked healthy too. Oh yeah. It was a salad. Oh stop. Looked healthy. See, this is such. Don't know why that crap on me. Okay. What I mean is that healthy. Yeah. Well, first of all, wasn't green. The salad part was green. That's a part that's throughout. What? It's the greens. Are you crazy? I had to blue cheese and they crumbled the bacon stuff. Not the bacon bits but real bacon. Hmm. And what was on it? It was an of course a little tiny onion rings. Not not big onion rings. There's that would be bad. But little skinny ones. See, plenty of those. 9.57 at 5.60WQ. I'm how I'll tell you what. Maybe you want to put your little skinny one on a great mattress. That'll mattress can deliver you one of the finest mattresses you've ever seen in your life. And you can put your ass in the rest of your honor and get a great night sleep tonight. And this month and next year and for years to come. Just call 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S right now. And it guarantees you when you're back at great night sleep. Like I said for a long time. They carry only the best. When you call 1-800-MAT-T-R-S, you can pick from Seely and serve the Simmons King Quill. Every size every style of the sun. You want to twin, you want to king, you want to queen. They got a dial-Mapras. And of course they deliver when you want any to our window that you pick out. Once convenient for you. You can't beat it. Prices are every day on beatable low prices. Dial-Mapras is ranked number one in customer satisfaction because they know how to treat your right. They've got more repeater for all customers than anybody on the play on the planet. Once you buy your mattress over to full from dial-Mapras with one easy call, you'll never go back to race in all around town, comparison shopping, wasting gas, time and money again. And don't forget when dial-Mapras delivers your brand new mattress. They set it up and take away the crap you'll bet for you. For free. That's right. Dial-Mapras sets up the new and takes away the old betting for free. So make the call right now. They'll be there knocking on your door when you want no time at all. Call 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S. That's 1-800-MAT-R-S for dial-Mapras. The easiest, the smart way. To get you a great night sleep for years to come. This is 4256-002. 2-A-N. 1-800-MAT-T-R-S-D. 1-800-MAT-T-R-S-D. 1-800-MAT-T-R-G. 1-800-MAT-T. 1-800-MAT-T. 1-800-MAT-T. 1-800-MAT-T. 1-800-MAT-T. You are the leading sw, now we're all going to do this all explores the N  I'm gonna check your damn plan! I'm gonna use run the way! 10-02-5-60 WCM happy Thursday 2 we got the mad dog with his last day and our Gust up there where they do allow Jews and they do allow to a black spagist no a woman. What about black Jewish women? Definitely not. Carlos is shaking his head and he spun it all around the one time like window blur. What do we got? Hank is in a studio of 3. Marlins on Dreckets 630. 7-0-7-0-5 Marlins in the mess. Marlins 1 last night. 3-2, anybody interested? Ed Kaplan after the baseball game in Joan Mark overnight. Nobody cares. Nobody care and again see that 10,000 in a sum odd just barely over 10,000 in an ounce crowd of which probably 6,500 men stands. What are we for rain drops last night into the vicinity of the Estadium? Huh? That's a good excuse. Boy it's pretty sad and like I said it could be to dead horse okay then nobody kind of come out okay they don't care. I understand this supposed to be a sports station in town where nobody cares about sports other than the dolphins the choking gagging dolphins the highly overrated dolphins. Boy do you think that they like to have tiny brady a quarterback to dolphins? You kidding me? Oh, I shouldn't say that's so close to Passover you know what? Jay will take it personal. The rat patrol on F tube. I don't think so. I mean don't take it personal. There's just too many suggestions on here. We can't have 600 names on Luskuz and Eruckel freak out. Just this up by the way South Park movie is winning nine, gone show five. It just went up moments ago. Steven and Scott Taylor is on a house of going steve. Among the TV shows the newly freed Iraqi should be subjected to oh yeah I agree with this Benny Hinn on the Trinity broadcasting network. Benny Hinn just put Benny Hinn H. I. I. Benny H. Also somebody said the J.A. Springer show? Definitely. New Roger show? Sure. Colliente which is on Saturday afternoon. I guess with a lot of hot naked bands or something on SpikTV. And one more. I'm Reinshow before MTV screwed him all up. I agree with that. Get them all on there. Got him good. Here's one that says on the same network with a show. When that funny bitch with a pink hair and help the Iraqi say, I'm good American value such as intolerance and bigotry. Why? The show with a funny bitch with a pink hair. 10 croch. Are you starting about Jan Paul Crotch? No but we got it. She gets stars on Benny Hinn every once in a while. In addition, which didn't you tell me they already have a transmitter there in the middle of the desert somewhere? You're probably watching Jan and Paul Crotch right now. That's why they hate America. Bush broadcasting can submit them to DJames Kennedy reclaimed America for Christ and part two conquest Iraq. Okay well. Can't put them all on America. I said quote by your head. Stutter and Gill and Homestead is the one who uh, fact in Colliente. He said it's on Saturday's 2 p.m. on Telemundo. Babes dancing, the latest tunes and songs to the latest songs. Holdings heroes. I can't wait till they see Jamie far. Was that on Hogan's heroes? Was that on mash? I never watched either one of them so I don't know. Huh? Oh that's right. What am I asking you for punk? Here's what it says. The movie The Mouse That Rored. I guess only old thoughts would know this. Look about a teeny tiny community in possession of the bomb. Had the US on its knees. Don't put that on there. We don't want them to see us on our knees. Okay. No comment. Oh I didn't notice that rum spell was asking the incident in the press conference that they had discovered that it was true about the incredibly high percentage of almost six rally in that country. 560560. 556 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line rolling along sing in a song. Oh I got a great column. I'm going to have a couple of bedtime stories today. You know the one by Michael Moore. Ha ha. How do you like that? My Oscar backlash stupid white man back at number one and bowling for Columbine breaks new record. Oh yeah. Oh they sure fixed him up. Just like the Dixie Ticks which he writes about in here too, which there sells to their records of shot through the roof. Oh yeah. So all these statistics about well 70% of the people are pissed off and Michael Moore's an asshole and no more Dixie Ticks. The only people I want to buy the Dixie Ticks are the who's listening to kiss. That's all. You know the ones I'm talking about the ones who are coo- Coo- Coo- Coo- Coo- Maybe they hang out on a can-coo but I doubt that they don't like them down there. And vice versa. Who do Johnson man? So more bad misinformation. I want to hear that apology on a more Howard David show tomorrow. To come on here and say that well maybe they just have their names on list. Maybe it has nothing to do with Jewish. Maybe they just got guilty, Mo and Robert Creeper self-hating Jew. Maybe they just have those on a long list of people that they will not admit in August. Maybe that's the reason Mo ain't broadcasting for me this year. Maybe he got the message. He's been blacklisted. Did you say blacklisted? 560560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. WQAM. Hey Neil. Yes sir. What? I don't understand what kind of TV shows these people are talking about. What we got to do is bring Moids over there and to reach company and have two reasons for that. Okay. All right. Moids will get the Janet Reno in there. They'll get used to these Janet Reno bitches being able to do whatever they want because that's America is. With the company willing to do STEM. Hey guess what? We have sex. You know, we'll get all that. Okay. Thanks a lot Tom. I guess he hasn't seen that half of the population there's under the age of 15. So somebody's been doing it off a lot of breeding. In other words, they don't live very long. Right. That's why the demographic is so low. They don't live very long. Unlike down here, where course, the meaning age is death plus 10. But they lost one or two people in the Gulf War and in the Iran thing. See there you go. I'm trying to do a light show today. And there you go. And I think we got to call before was right. You're just a little corner George, you know. Oh, start. Start and then right off the bat trying to get real heavy duty. You know, paddling all those light bulb listeners, all those chronic radio talk show holisters. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah, there you go. See George may not be here in person, but his mum bling lives on to the miracle of audio. There he is. So speaking of what eating is. Yes. Isn't that what George was doing in that? So how was George Ronald last night? Peter boy was very good. Shut up. Now I'm going to take it. Now that he was taking over Iraq radio and TV, what should be the first show on the year? You're not going to start getting like, I'm going to start playing butch boss. I'm going to wear that damn muskrat during the show. This is a message. Going to send you a message. The South Park movie 15, the Gong Show 9. But we know we're not going to show them the ones where JP Morgan was on there because she's a little bit too much. But we don't want to, you know, the Phil Henry show seven American Idol 7. It's changing. It changed all over the place. Did I say, be watch eight Osborne 7 American Idol 7 7 7 7 and live 7 Phil Henry show 7. Green Magini for Oprah 3 passions of pair. Are you hot to and in small potatoes for you to once? And we got to get up there. Come on. Let's get with it, Eric. You're so slow. My eyeballs ache. Just thinking about how slow he is. Well, when you weigh 600 pounds, you don't move like real fast. Okay, set to the refrigerator. That's the only place he makes an exception moves real fast at the drive through and also the refrigerator. I'm in this past 10 at 560 WQM. Hey, how many times did you hear about an opportunity in the just, you sat there like you were frozen like you were in suspended animation like Larry King. And you missed out. While right now is one of those times, rarely does an opportunity in a rubble whatever else you're doing but this one should. Interest rates have gone down even lower than they were before. Financial group was offering interest rate of 3.45 percent. Then they lowered it to 2.95 percent now. Rates have gone down even lower. 2.45 percent financing with financial grouply heard it right 2.45 percent. Confianential group in fine-autal aboded call 1-894-0-land. Course who to hell knows how long these interest rates will last probably not very long. So hop through this window of opportunity with financial group and get you an incredible low rate of just 2.45 percent in save yourself a lot to tonne a schmillota cash. Financial group 1-800-940-land. 2.45 percent financing will cut your monthly payments down amazingly. A $200,000 loan you pay only $786 a month. A $100,000 loan you pay only $393.00. Do it now. Confianential group toll free. There's no obligation 1-800-940-land. 1-800-940-LA-NV equal housing lender. Creditors and deflacers did that just to get that guy off. And write some to change without notice 5.34 APR. 5. Your sports video 560-USUAM. They don't come any better than Neil Roger. We now bring you sedan who's saying why. My troops were fighting diligently and I assured everybody for the Iraqi people. What do we need? That is not sedum. Sedum does not have red hair and freckles. But it is hard to tell because of the sombrero. Look at that carlose hat. Are reaching his pocket and give him a change for his paycheck. I'll come even out of your check and I don't have money. I don't have money. I just asked him if he had change. What are you just bringing here? I thought he just brought checks in here. He told me he didn't have change and he came to show me his empty wall. I don't come back any way without any cash. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. Unless you have cash. Can you believe that? I thought for sure he had envelopes in his hand. He had to smile on his post. I just turned it down to 100 and he had the ovens cranked up. I thought it was just me. It was small to bring in here. Once again more assholes in here at night. Dicking around with everything in this studio. Dicking with a thermostat. Stealing that beverages. Stealing carloses. Cokes. Stealing George's Coke. Here's the facts from Bill who says. I believe most confused about the exclusion of certain individuals from membership of the Augusta National Golfbub stems from a portion of their membership policy, which he apparently slightly misheard. He understood them to say they don't allow people of the Jewish faith when actually what they said was they don't allow egotistical elderly putwacking assholes with smelly ridiculous looking hairpieces in two first names. Simple mistakes as facts are bill. Good point Bill. Here's another one from Calvin who says, what the facts are pouring in. The votes are starting to pouring on that poll. Do you have three companies in mod? And Hogan's Heroes? Hogan's Heroes? Yes, I didn't think we were going to put three companies in mod. Why not? What? Why not? Just because that guy was like a little off. Right. That's okay. We like our people a little bit off. And most of them don't disappoint. Calvin says, was all this mongering so we could go to over to Baghdad and turn on a statute while the answer is Calvin is not just a statute, but they toured on I want to curcook this morning. Oh, I guess he must have missed out to big news. We had to write here. Yeah, when I hit the ground, it was exciting. So as I don't think there's anything more discussing than Dick coming out of his whole land, we haven't seen Vice President Dick for a long time, by the way, I'm notice. And boasting about how our military kicked a crap out of a third rate army. Or he should say, what's left of a third rate army? There are some hundred odd families out there who might not feel so proud since their loved ones are coming home in a box. Not to mention, of course, the thousands of families in Iraq have innocent Vice vendors who's probably won't come home at all. Be sure to fasten your seat belts because Rommie said yesterday that there's intelligence that saw the might have stored some of his WMDs in Syria, sounds plausible. And after that Iran, Lebanon, questioned Mark, saw the might even have FedEx under Canada. Did they have any tall statues in Toronto? No, only the CN Tower. Hmm. I just mentioned that in passing. And of course, they're gigantic stance we were frank, Mahavulich. Here's the fact that says, here's an absolute must see for t- Ha ha ha ha. Now this is bad. This is in very poor taste. No, it is. It's bad. But I like it. Must see TV for Iraq. Any or perhaps all of the dental care informers. Thanks Robin, Pablo Beach. We don't put that on her because it's in very poor taste. But he does have a point. In fact, I would say the next to the British. They have someone to worst teeth that ever seen. But probably they don't have real good like dental care. The British have no excuse. They like America. They probably don't have real good medical care plans. I just mentioned that in passing. South Park movie 19. Now that US has taken over radio and TV in Iraq, what should be the first show on a year? South Park movie 19. Gong showed 12. They watch 11. The Osborne's 11. The Phil Henry show. Are you sure? 9. American Idol 9. Saturday night live 8. I dream of Jeannie has got 5. I don't see. Oh yeah, that's right. We got looking at. I don't have any yet. Just put those on there. Right here. Oh, God. American Idol's got 9 like I said. I already did these. Are you on 5. Many in 3. Passions only 3. Oprah has only got 3 votes. How do you like that? I can easily understand why because Oprah blows. Should I get 10? I do this one. In fact, I'm not going to read anything until we get to pay checks. We ought to go on strike till we get our pay checks. We shouldn't have to go through this if we pay it. Clarence ought to be at that door. He ought to be bursting through that door with a big smile on his face. Here you go, guys. Just throw in money at us, you know. Kind of crap that goes on next. Or he's busy with sports. That's right. He's busy with ball games. Although he's another one. He wouldn't know a hockey puck if they stuck one up his ass. But he might enjoy it. Yeah. It would be a noob experience for clearance. My Oscar backlash stupid white men back at number one. Bowling breaks new records writes Michael Moore. Dear friends, he says. It appears that the Bush administration will have succeeded in colonizing Iraq sometime the next few days. There's a Blunder of such magnitude. This is a Blunder of such magnitude and we'll pay for it for years to come. It wasn't worth the life of one single American kid in uniform. Let alone the thousands of Iraqis who have died and my condolences and prayers go out to all of them. So where are all those weapons of mass destruction that were the pretense for this war? There's so much to say about all this but I'll save it for later. What I'm most concerned about right now is that all of you with the majority of Americans who did not support this war in the first place not go silent or be intimidated by what will be touted as some great military victory. Now more than ever the voices of peace and truth must be heard. I received a lot of mail from people who are feeling a profound sense of despair and believe that their voices have been drowned out by the drums and bombs of false patriotism. Some are afraid of retaliation and worker at school or in their neighborhood because they've have been vocal proponents of peace. They've been told over and over that it's not appropriate to protest once the country is at war and that you're only duty now is to support the troops. Can I share with you what's been like for me since I used my time on the Oscar stage to we should go to speak out against Bush in this war? I hope that in a meeting when I'm about to tell you you'll feel a bit more involved and to make your voice heard in whatever way or form that is open to you. When Boling for Columbine was announced as the Oscar winner for Best Documentary at the Academy Awards, the audience rose to its feet. It was a great moment when that always cherished. They were standing ensuring for a film that says we Americans are a uniquely violent people using our massive stash of guns to kill each other and use them against many countries around the world. They were plotting a film that shows George W. Bush using fictitious fears to frighten the public into giving him whatever he wants and they were honoring a film that states to follow. The first Gulf War was an attempt to reinstall the dictator of Kuwait, Saddam Hussein was armed with weapons from the US and the American governments responsible for that's a half a million children. They rack over the past decade to its sanctions and bombing. That was the movie they were cheering and that was the movie they voted for. So I decided this is the way I showed an object my speech and thus I said following the following from the Oscar stage. On behalf of our producers Kathleen, Glenn and Michael Donovan from Canada, I'd like to thank the Academy for this award. I've invited the other documentary nominees on the stage with me. They're here in solidarity because we like non-fiction. We like non-fiction because we live in fictitious times, we live in a time where fictitious election results give us a fictitious president. We're not fighting a war for fictitious reasons. Whether it's the fiction of duct tape or fictitious orange alerts, we were against this war, Mr. Bush, shame on you, Mr. Bush, shame on you. And whenever you've got to the Pope and the Dixie chicks against you, your time is up. Halfway through I remarked somebody the audience started to cheer that immediately set off a group of people in a balcony who started to boo. Then no supporting my remarks started to shout down the boars, the LA Times reported that the director of the show started to scream at the orchestra, music music in order to cut me off so the bandhoodfully struck up a tune in my time was up. The next day, and the two weeks since the right wing pundits and radio shock talks have been calling for my head, so as all this ruckus hurt me, had they succeeded in silencing me, but take a look at my Oscar backlash. On the day after I criticized Bush and the Worthy Academy Awards attendance at bowling for Columbine and theaters around a country when up 110%. The following week the box office group was a gross was up a whopping 73%. It is now the longest running consecutive commercial release in America, 26 weeks in a row until thriving. The number of theaters showing the film since the Oscars has increased, and it is now best to the previous box office record for documentary by nearly 300%. A couple of days ago April 6, stupid white men shot back to number one on the New York Times bestseller list. This is my book's 50th week on the list, either the number one, and marks its fourth return to the top position something that virtually never happens. In the week after the Oscars my website was getting 10 to 20 million hits a day, one day we've got more hits than the White House. The mail has been overwhelmingly positive and supportive in the hate mail has been hilarious. In the two days following the Oscars more people peer to the video for bowling for Columbine and Amazon.com than the video for the Oscar winner for Best Picture Chicago. In the past week I've obtained funding for my next documentary, and I've been offered a slot back on TV to do an updated version of TV Nation The Ophal Truth. I tell you all this because I want to counteract the missions that told us all the time that if you take a chance to speak out politically you'll live to regret it. It'll hurt you in some way usually financially you could lose your job, others may not hire you to lose friends and on and on and on. Take the Dizzy Ticks. I'm sure you've all heard by now that because their lead singer mentioned how she was ashamed that Bush was from her homestay to Texas, their record sales have plummeted and country stations are boycotting their music. The truth is their sales are not down. This week after all the attacks their album is still number one on the Billboard Country charts and according to entertainment weekly on the pop charts during all the Bruha they rose from number 6 to number 4. In the New York Times Frank Rich reports he tried to find a ticket to any of the XTX upcoming concerts but he couldn't because they were all sold out. Their song Travel and Soldier a beautiful anti-war ballad was the most requested song on the internet last week. They haven't been heard at all but that's not what the media would have you believe. Why is that? Because there's nothing more important now than to keep the voices of the sent and those of you who would dare to ask a question silent. And what better way than to try and take a few well-known entertainers down with a pack of lies so the average Joe or Jane gets the message loud and clear. While if they would do that to the Dizzy Ticks or Michael Moore, what would they do to little old me in other words shut the F up? And that my friends is the real point of this film that I just got a Oscar for how those in charge use fear to manipulate the public and doing whatever they're told. While the good news if there can be any good news this week is not that only have neither I or any others been silent. So enjoy by millions of Americans who think the same way we do. Don't let the false patriots intimidate you by setting the agenda or the terms of the debate. Don't be defeated by the polls that show 70% of the public in favor of the war. Remember that these Americans being pulled out of the same Americans whose kids or neighbors kids have been sent over to Iraq. They're scared for the troops and they're being cout into supporting war they didn't want and they want even less to see their friends family and neighbors come home dead. Everyone supports the troops returning home alive and all of us need to reach out let their families know that. Unfortunately, Bush and company are true yet. This invasion in conquest will encourage them to do it again elsewhere. The real purpose of this war was to save the rest of the world. Don't mess with Texas if you got what we want we're coming to get it. This is not the time for the majority of us who believe in peaceful America to be quiet. Make your voices heard despite what they pulled off. It is still our country says Michael Moore. I'm going Mike. I'm going A. I still don't have my copy of all in for column buying it. But I can give them Amazon.com. I thought you'd already ordered it. No I have not. There's currents with a money. Alright, here is our favorite person in the world. I'll tell you that right now this guy. I guarantee any woman that would turn his advances down is got to be an idiot. He is hung like a moose. He's got a person out. Ah, that's what I'm hearing. You're the best clearance. Get out of here. You can stop by. Yeah, we got our money now. We're not after you cash it. And by the way, when you go to the bank to do the same thing you do with my check. Okay, we sure have them call the company. Make sure that it's legit. Because when they take a look at you and say, Oh, you're getting them. You got to check for anything. I'll say, who you can. That's just that you don't just know. Look like the kind of person that would get paid for anything. No, that didn't have the security guard block the door. Well, they called you. Yeah. Yeah. If I had to do over again, you just, you know, fun with you. But just to screw with you a little. Like I do with mode this morning. Got to wish we we should have filmed that. You know, something get 140 share in this building. If the crowd here could have seen that. Could have seen me in it with a musk right on my head. I thought most eyes are going to pop right out of his eyeballs. It was great. Miguel, he don't have time for your crappy busy looking at naked pictures on the internet. Now, we got our package yet, Miguel. Fred, I think we'd like to do that hot couple thing again. But I mean, you know, I mean, at least Doreen come through with us for a lot of food this morning. You know, she said it was malicious. But poor, Mcwell, man. We're like, ask an asking. And he's just dittler around, you know, dittler around. Sometime this year would be good, Miguel. Huh? He's waiting for replies from the other people involved in giving us the prices. Wow. Okay. We'll keep you posted folks. Inhale right now. And we'll let you know what he can let it out and your breath through. Now that he was just taking over local Iraqi radio and TV, what should be the first show on here is what our question is on eorangers.com. Another nifty poll if you ask me. 145 votes already on here. And we're still building the list. We're still building our poll. South Park movie 26. I'm trying to think about, I think I actually saw the South Park movie. Where would I have seen that? I think when I was in Toronto, I saw that thing. Because that bunch of assholes. The film 100 show 13, the Osborne 13, Baywatch 12, Gong show 12, Neil Rogers shows zipin up their fast. 11. How do you like that? Ew, good. That's what you, that'll be a cool day in the hell before they lift this show on here over there. Saturday night live 11 to American Idol 11. Dream of G.D.7, Jerry Spinger show five. Are you hot five? Benny, Hen, four. Look at that. I just say, are you hot in right away. My girl's nodding and said, oh boy. Man, these people with egos, you know, no one who gets along with most so well. I know he's busy. He's on a computer looking at naked pictures. Like always. Well, George ain't here to share with him. So he's got to do something. I heard George does share with him. I treasure out loud. So always the story treasure out last night. Anybody get lucky there. What? Well, I kept getting pod. I get pod more than most of the women there. Yeah. By the strippers. You were pod by the strippers. I thought maybe by some of our regular chronics were plying over you. Since I can't get close to the strippers. Maybe fat boy was there upon over little beiner boy, huh? Actually, fat boy and me go had a little booth in the back of themselves. Did they really? Yeah. Was cute. Hmm. Video and 11. 10 27 at 560 WQM out there. That clearance there is nobody like Clarence Dero in the world, you know. He is the best. You ask for money and he's got it. This comes in here with a big smile on his face. All you ladies out there speaking of hot couples. Seriously, let's get him laid this year. This year just once. Just to show you that we appreciate profoundly the fact that he actually delivers the cash. The bees these are too happy, but they like him the stall. But he brings it on the day that's due to be delivered. This year? There's only 7 months left? Yeah. There's only 7 months left? For this year? 8.5. 5.5. 5.5. 10.7.5. What an idiot. Now look at it. Now he's caught. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh! And McGill goes to the calendar. Now he's counting the months off the calendar, ok. If this is the fourth month of the year, Carlos, how many months are left after you? But look at him halfway. He's got 8 and a half long months. He can almost not come to that period of time. Come on. Saw you. Ladies out there. All you sluts in the audience. They want it really bad. From anybody who would even do beat or boy. I mean, I understand that. that you know, Clarence's got bad breath and he talks a lot of crap and he will bite your arm up and down one side of the other, but in a mean to if you can ignore that. Just where like a body suit, you some of that duct tape over his push. Hey, I'll tell you a place where you're gonna have a great time for lunch or dinner late night snacks and that's the world famous pizza loft and now it pass over only days away. They've got that notorious moths of pizza. It is unleavened for paysach, whatever it hell that means. Even the goi mends where the moths of pizza every year in a moth's alazagna as well. Delicious even better I think than the original stuff that's how good it is. So now there's four kinds of pizza for you to enjoy the pizza loft. They've got every kind of pasta dish out of the sun. They've got chicken and feel seafood, fugas of pizza, calzone super subs and the prices are teeny and tiny the food is fresh and delicious and they've also now got two great locations for you at the pizza loft. The original Broward location as you know. It's right beyond pure one imports on university drive between Grypton 595 right across in the complex where the rumors and eddy Jones live. We're taking out delivery in catering called 954 916888. 954 916888 don't forget great catering as low as 5x per person for any affair you've got coming up. Jeff knows as affairs and now the new Broward location is out by me in West Broward and that's a corner not hill and sunrise behind Walgreens and that trip shopping center. Not easy to see from the street but they got plenty of reparking right in front of the joint and the food is the same great food and the same low prices at the plantation pizza loft called 954 3a 299. It's a fantastic place to take the whole gang in here to swing in for a feast at a price that just a pit and even remember we'll pick up the check at the Royal Famous Pizza loft two locations in Broward. And what? This is 4255. What a good gun. When you get a yeast infection you use one of those messy creams so to count there may be an easier way. It's a pill, Zyclican. Just one pill is as effective as the leading seven day cream without the mask. Okay. Do not use Zyclican if you are nursing. If you are pregnant or taking other medications, talk to your doctor. Do not take Zyclican if you are taking Pulse it. But it's not like my vagina is going to explode or release. Oh no! It's gross! And even if the pig ranch could fix the vet. For more information, ask your doctor or visit our website. Tell us about that. 1033 at 5.60 WQA. I'm so anyway Miguel is researching the thing about Jews that are gusting whether they can be members of the club or not. That's one call we had I think that said it all. Because the guy who was on a board of directors was obviously either had a very Jewish person by accident or you know who was on the tribe. What is this stuff? Billy Eli smoking out evil. It's time to bomb your rack. It's time to shoot to kill. A lot of them. What is the story on his song? Is this an anti-war? Is this a protest? Well, we'll have to listen a little bit of it. Okay. Just came into mail. Good old boy song. Let's play for hoody Johnson. Okay. He's a good old boy. A drooling redneck. Well, I'm serious. He's just a jerk. He like Jesse Helmsman. Just a jooling Yahoo. Oh, and speaking of somebody called a couple of weeks ago about Graham. Lindsey Graham is who they were talking about. The senator from South Carolina. I remember he was he was prominently involved in the penis gate in Peachman hearings. Yeah. Lindsey Graham. Another jooling Yahoo man. Something about the deep south. Oh. Thanks very much for the Molly Irvin's article. Which I was just going to read a little bit because I already had it. But thank you anyway. Bush offers Crofts and warm armistory to rack. She's you know something she is really great. And I got the pole for tomorrow on the weekend. Thanks to a fax here are most chronic factors. First of all, they say first TV show has to be a Marlins game. Oh, no. Then it goes on to say, how I broadcast 11 times from masters and played the course twice, which I heard him say several times this morning. Can you say ego? And air go. There's our pole for tomorrow. Yeah, for tomorrow and two to weekend, who has the biggest ego in the world. So far, I have two candidates only. One of them of course being mole and the other one being. And the other one being. Just tell me what your problem is. Steve mystery go can. Now you are pointing to that chair. We're going to say George where I was going to say. And I was pointing at the chair. So you can say George has a big ego. You were saying that he's got a big head lately. I said that about little George. Yeah, you're right. Did say that. And we'll put him on there. Let's still start from the name of our pole eventually. But they say I shouldn't have said that because now they'll be calling in names for that. One pole at a time, okay. One pole per customer at a time. Well, here's the fact you're saying. And we're a little slow. We apologize. He suggested Dallas. The racket should know the truth. A terror from Texas. Increased in only an oil. There you go. J.R. You win. W. Bush. And you had to do it. The desert from Texas. Now you think I should open this or not. Where's this from? O plantation? I don't think so. I think it's really a box of cigars or something. Sure. Huh? I don't know. Oh, Jesus. Oh, God. How much has God dog crapping it? Huh? What'd it be surprised? Now it's got a note. Oh, God. Here's a gift. Uh-oh. Here's a gift for 20 years. Ah. A great free radio. Scary book of him. Hell, you're listening to J.G. Thank you, J.G. It's a book in here, okay? Oh, God. What? Well, you've got this queen and duct tape on this. Okay, so must be pretty a subversive stuff because you can barely open it and think. And threcks. Into the buzz saw leading journalists exposed the myth of a free press. All right, forward by Goro Vidal. Oh, thank you, J.G. In plantation, you were making fun of this package. Very nice. Christ all mighty. We're making fun of a gills package. Huh. You're a good one to talk. Don't forget Mrs. Wallace and, uh, What's your name? Precious. The chimpanzee on a passion today and Sheridan and Louise and Antonio. And poor little, what's your name? What is your name? The sister. What else are little's I came to think of her name anymore? Who knows cares about her? The sister on passions, the little mouse you want to use to do the Alison Wonderland routine all the time. Oh, yeah. See even you know who that is. Tateesam, sorry, Tateesam. Oh, so many characters and so little time. Look at the size of this thing. Oh, my God. Wow. Here, we can go to that desk and pull out what? Oh. Ah. You just see what that looks like. Well, it's just jammed in here. Man, it's jammed in there. Jam up and jelly tight. Who sang that Tommy Row? Some schmuck. I think Tommy Row is going to be performing a gulstream this weekend. If not, he should be with all those other old, uh, Wash-up, you know, like Gary Puckett and of course, uh, The Brooklyn Bridge. I think some of the people I've heard like to see the people at One Gulstream go to the Brooklyn Bridge and jump. The Stronach family. Here we go. I'm getting it out of here. Now I've page by, uh, I don't want to break the book, you know. I mean, there's nothing like making sure the package is like really, I mean, tight as a drum during the break I'll do it. It's must sound really bad on here. Not to fact, not to mention, fact, it looks so bad. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T, I'll read that Molly Ivins come. The thing by Michael Moore by the way was great. It's on our website, it's on thearages.com along with 600 other great bedtime stories. You ought to be checking on our website, okay. Those percentage of you out there who aren't all sucked into this Grapheneet or that percentage wanted is according to the polls. But third man. Right. And that's funny how that's what it turns out to be. I think it's a lot more than that. I think that they're just manipulating public opinion. No, they would. When they asked the poll, they say, uh, you support our troops and Find a way, but about to the president of the war. You know, would you support our troops? Damn with a real media. That guy was right. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Nice guy. Nice guy. Nice guy. Nice guy. Nice guy. Watch off for being a war over the weekend. He's loaded man. He's got a big fat bulge in his pocket. Probably drugs. Where's the bargains? You might ask. Well, I'll tell you. The bargains are at the swap shop. Boy, press that on his hand. They're still doing it over there for about 600 years. They've been going strong. Over 88 acres, chocolate bargains from into and out to our vendors. The swap shop is the busiest retail location in the world before daylight. And at night, the swap shop has got the world's largest 13 screen drive in movie theater featuring great first-round movies. Why do so many people shop at the swap shop? Not to see press the North Sheriff Nick. No place else can you see millions of dollars worth of brand new brand they merchandise at the market prices. And everything you buy at the swap shop is guaranteed. Free admission fee parking seven days a week. The swap shop is the cheapest place in the world to shop every Thursday. Be a free buyer, free seller every Thursday. Free Grown sales space before 5 an AM and Mondays all day long. All of these things and lots more waiting for you to swap shop. Send rise Boulevard between 9.95 and the turnpike. Call 9.54.79.1. Swap. Don't miss the free million dollar three-wing circus seven days a week too. It's matter of fact you've got like jammed up on nasal passages. You just go to the swap shop. When the circus is on man, it'll open up like a miracle. The swap shop called 9.54.79.1. Swap. My life and love all this is for 305.50. You way too way. Yeah. That the Lord even loves Neil Rogers. So, I'll... Like the way that starts? It gets better though. It's a little loose. Lucy, please. It's time to bum my rack. It's time to see if you can. Cause there's a lot of it if you can't try to scat me, Phil. So first I rack, next I rack. And then that was down to the other side. We won't stop with her, this never happened ever. We always have to find our rack. Time to see if you can. So the rest of it didn't take me, this is what she said. We got smoke out of evil, laughter. But didn't mean love and get a lack of season on go. Well, this will look bad. We've got a farm stop. We've got a lot of stuff out of summer. We've got a farm stop. We've got a farm stop. We got a really coalition that's exotic scale. But Carl I've heard the text count as well. When we lack a pretty peaceful, what you gotta understand. Just how much I always underneath that sand. And the past of this summer, so you're waking real so far today. And you're here. Now the head is now a shower slipping in the poles. I guess without a mic a stay-munk. The cares what you're doing. Let's roll. We're counting the relation here, the cheers of place. They're never meant about it's broken underneath our tanks. So if you wanna go to school, don't you have a bail, you gotta find my wreck. Gotta see if you can't bite it. What do you use in a little fire? What's this guy's name again? Billy Eli Austin Texas smoking out of evil. Not bad, huh? I mean, the music is a little bit of work, but lyrics are good. A little ballsy. Austin Texas no less. Don't want to hear him no more. Did you go check this website out that I gave you this thing yesterday, which the guy Facts me again just now? Yes I did. And not bad. Webcamsood.demon.nl on nl. Netherlands. It's Dutch. Some of the lakes are a little slow, but that might have been my computer, so I'll take a look at it. Yeah, somebody you're operating is a little slow too. Not to mention on names. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Now that the US has taken over your rack-weightie on TV, what should be the first year on the year, South Park, show a movie, it's 40. New Year, why do you show a 38? How do you like that? All right. Hey watch 21, the Osborne 21. Serden at life 15, Jerry Springer Show 15, Phil Henry Show 15. Are you? Merkin Idol 14, the Gong Show 13, I'd be Magine 11, Benny Hins got 10. Are you hot six? Gunspoke 5, Oprah 5, Collient Day 4, Passions 4. Hey Sheridan, are you hot? Yes. For your horses, change your horse. What's all that stress? Dallas 3 and then the list goes on. I guess we'll see the Molly Ivins coming for next hour. I'll tell you one thing this week, the time for every day, it seems like the time is getting away from us. You know what I mean? Seems like life is passing us by. Yes, Rich, Pack, do subscribe to salon.com and I got that piece and thank you very much. It's great. All right, I'll let you tell you, remember that salon.com was, was Porsche Schleppers. Can only get like a little paragraph of the stories unless we got any books. Yes. Okay, just you know. Yeah, but if you go under the first time, you can get one day free if you agreed to read some dumb man and then just say, well, what was interesting? No, I subscribe. I can squeeze out a couple of bucks. Especially now, the clearance running as paycheck. I scone clearance. Still nobody called in yet to want to do me a, except maybe he might. W to Q I M. Yeah, you guys are missing some great show that I could watch. Okay. Happy days. Happy days with me good. Happy days with me great. As long as we left off Tom Bosley, they might get depressed when they saw him again. That's all right. Okay, thanks. Okay. Good choice. Happy days. How? What do you say? I think we got a bit unhappy days, don't we? Now, I thought for a damn sure we had. We have happy new. W Q I M. Q I M. Hello. Yes, man. I'm 60. 560. I want to speak to me all please. Speaking. This is me all. Yes, man. Don't sound like that. Well, I'll put out a voice. I'll put on my sedan, mustache and grouch or glasses, but it's me. That's okay. You don't have to do that. Well, it's right over here. I can do it. Listen, I'm first time call or excellent. And in Homstead. Wow. And I had a great one. You could put on your service. Okay. Archie bunker. Oh, yeah. That's perfect. That's all your family. And you wanted to watch this this morning. When Mo Howard was talking about Augusti said there were no sand traps in Augusti. There were only bunkers. And I thought, yeah, Archie bunker. Thanks very much. We'd be great. Be perfect. Thanks. Yeah. Have a great day, Bob. Archie by all in the family. Got it on the family. Archie bunker. I mean, we got a bunch of those. Including men that we also got. What's that one? Which one? The Mullen Goldie. What? No, no, no. You're like, you're on a different planet, man. You're like on Uranus. Well, they sing the theme song. Like all in a family. And the Alcatta family that I played the other day, we all kinds of good crap. I mean, just too much crap. I feel like I'm losing control here. We got crap flying all directions. W-Q-I-N. Yes, how you doing? Okay. You know, it's funny. You want shows for Iraq. But the ought to do is show the war behind closed doors. Yeah. Then they can run around and run, say, we're number one. Okay. Have a great one. Okay, you too. You had to have the Rommestrel cool and Paul Baddle. Let's go and I'll be behind closed doors. We don't want to see that. Be bad for their morale. The truth, the truth shall set you free. But of course, so you think you're free. But since we're in there, you're obviously not. We'll let you know when you're free. As soon as you open up that first McDonald's. Well, there's the, there's the, there's the schmothheads in Dearborn, Michigan again. I said, for alleged, it's a paradise for Paris going on. You'll want to say, you'll want to say, the real show. And then after that, the bill. How come they're showing them from that angle? You know, because it makes you look like there's a lot more. But look, look at the best. See, there's like about what? 40. I don't think there's that many. If not, there. I don't think there are 40. If more like, Yeah. Quite a gathering there. It's kind of like down here at the INS building that time. Oh, there's massive protests. And then as the camera paned away, you saw to, They were like a handful of people. Not 30 man. Yeah. Same hysterical media always exaggerating, always building up a bunch of hysteria. Trying to get people whipped up into a frenzy to watch their crap. WQAM? Speaking. Hello. Yes. This is me. Oh, hi, hi. How are you? Good. Listen, I wanted to tell you, did you have, I know a guy called in yesterday told my how expensive something was. The army, in the toilet mold, the things like that. You have a check-in to the Bradley, the tank, and the expense that they went through to make that. No. Oh, you can check out. You just check out, um, is a movie that's called, um, I can't think of the Pentagon Wars. Okay. And that's, that's the true story. And it just blows your mind away. And then like $30 million just to, to, to set up the tank before they should put it in process. Mm-hmm. And it's very interesting. Well, it's our money, too. I just might point that out to us. Yeah, it's good. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Thank you. Have a great day. Here's Doug and Pepper Pines says perhaps we can obtain the tapes from Channel 7's Cover to Go for one and ninety ninety one if they can see Rick Sanchez squatting over their country. Maybe the Iraqi people realize what bush and all the other right wing fascists really think of that Iraqi freedom, my answer to all about oil, baby says Doug and Pepper Pines also says at the end and spells it with several heaches. The station will say something about Iraq. He's getting the first taste of freedom and right behind them was like 10 marines with machine done. Yeah, look at old room. That's right. That's freedom. How much for your can you be the net? Icon US, uh, interest inside the United States or abroad. In spite of this war and the story that you just pointed out with a clerks, uh, spread a lot of religious sentiment around the world. I went yesterday to the FBI to try and find out some of the reasons for the success and the war on terrorism. Oh, here. This is another propaganda specialist Chris Wickham the former FBI agent. He's always a sucking heavy wind. Dallas is on the list twice it says here. Oh, don't tell me, Eric made a mistake. Oh, thank you very much. Whoever facts this whoever's monitoring Ericsson, Bell Cators Dallas and he is a great guy. And it's got three votes in one spot and one another looks like full to me. Okay. That's probably your fault. Did you put it on there twice your little beaver boy head? Oh, get the air. Nothing. Is there a small like I said nothing is perfect. Get out of here. That was good. Such a good mood this week. You know, no George and O.P.D. letting the building and door open. Is that P.D. letting you again? Just cut the cord cut the cord go away. Okay. Don't go away. May I just go away. I'm just nauseous and he spends a half hour of my time on a sick as a dog. He's out of Papa Papa. Papa and that's grand. Can you believe that? And he's back and he ran again. Just cut the cord go away. Yeah. You got a freedom well. No, he's one of our sponsor. No, I do not treat him well. I don't care if he's bringing in bucketfuls of money. He can stick it right up his fat old ass. Can't stand that man. WQAM. George. What was that? George. He's gone. I sound like one of the sort of like the breathing guidance. WQAM. John Buck. 560560. 560. 560 on the AT&T line. WQAM. What's up, man? How are you, don't you? I'm chillin. Hey, you had the article on a bus flash about a Leandro Ross Lenton. Supporting the Randy and terrorists. Supporting Iranian terror. Yeah, look at a bus flash. I just want the people of Florida and no, we're kind of a fucking put. Could be Ben Murphy too. William Feitz coming back... Yeah. 60 pound five 60 on the AT and T and Verizon wireless line, but it'll be out of this like our new to one hour break time and Scrubs up to listen to it also is what I'm hearing W to Q a M yeah, I got the show for you. How big of a person? I got a show you got a show. Okay, go right ahead. You run right now. All right Here's your guy that's got a show hello. How are you doing? The first show should be that wall done on E with Brooke Burke What's the show while it's on while on while gone okay? Okay, thanks. Yeah, we're gonna do phone two by Red of Home Blossom while on You ever see that show Sure's great. Is it? Oh, I'm watching Skin everywhere. It's all it's all related night. It's all what's Canadian television more A not a 1056 560 W Q a M got the mad dog from Atlanta, of course. He's not Jewish anyways I was talking about all the Jews in this radio station Jews and jox Jews and jox Jews and jox He'll be at a guston course when they find out that he's really Jewish. They're gonna kick his ass off the air That's why Joe Rosal probably have to work tomorrow Hank Goldberg at three who's very Jewish. He'll be here three to six thirty Marlon's on deck at six thirty because now the Hank's on three to seven unfortunately We don't have room anymore for our good close personal friend. So he's a mom prop drop-up problems the crow Marlon's baseball and Marlon's in the mess 705 the night any K follows the baseball game good luck to him on that count and Joe Mark overnight Here's a great story. Do you like the West Boca they can up he lose that weight? Well, good luck to Dr. Bob by the way. We're praying for him. Dr. Bobackins have a little fall on the ice Got some my head problems anyway speaking of Athens over a 700 low-carb sugar free products are in stock and delights Whether it's the number one atkins died or any other low-carb sugar free data You're on trying desperately lose that white deal. I says a story. I'm gonna love it in West Boca because everything in the store is Just for you no crap come in and sample some of their newest bakery products like chocolate cupcakes and brownies by Control carb and each of them has only one effective gram of carbs Preserving don't forget to let's incredible selection of low-carb pasta's sauces Dressing cheese cakes chocolates and their famous soft serve carbolite ice cream don't forget to let's West Boca Ogreckins brand products are 25% off all day every day Stop by talk to their knowledgeable staff and you'll see why I've been telling about this incredible store for over three years now They're one of a kind they're open every day 10 to 10 and you'll be finding among the northeast corner of glazed in a 441 right next to Boston market Call them toll free at 1 877 low-carb or shop them on the web at low-carb.com The lights are West Boca your official atkins retail center get well soon Dr. Bob This is the new Roger show This is your granny Any questions Oh 11560 WQA and here's one that says we should broadcast the prices right to the Iraqi people Longestie though it's a brilliant show in pure americana and Bob Barker. Hey, what they'll why not? Huh, at least he's got his own real hair. What is the driven snow? Why not prices right get it on there before Bob Brooks. I mean What's his start with rod rodty? He's not on the show anymore, is he? I'm at last couple of times I came across that show no rod rod He maybe they've wrapped him up on one of those big silk suits used to buy in Thailand Huh, probably not go into Thailand anymore these days or to China or to Hong Kong Sing a poor What do you think? Oh, you see they get the sourcing is from cockroaches. They say cockroaches that got into the drains in China I'd have heard that and pick up this bizarre strain of the What if I a coronavirus is at it? The cuss is the common cold, but a a very very hostile strain and Then kind of that apartment complex then of course then people started running around and There you go if it's not something else if it's not lobbamba if it's not a terrorist if it's not the SARS It's something else to get you know Molly Ivan's rights bush offers crooks and warmongers to leader rack. She is one of the very best by the way She says oh good it looks as though we're gonna have a big fight over porcelain postwar plans for a rack as we did over the war itself Just what we need more of everybody being in everybody else's throat Defense secretary Rumsfeld has seems from her to run the world favors one off men a chalabi of the Iraq National Congress and Exile emigrate group as postwar leader Reed figurehead puppet chalabi is bitterly opposed by both a state department and the CIA According to Nightwriters Jonathan Land a merc military planes flew chalabi in 700 troops the newly named first pretend their free-raki forces In Anazariis suddenly to be integrated into general Tommy Frank's command landday reports Senior administration officials said that chalabi had a difficulty recruiting enough to go into Southern Iraq And may have tapped the discredited butter brigade and Iranian fact she had Muslim a group to get his 700 soldiers Think how happy the rack is will be to see some detachment from their old enemy Iran Landry also reports it was information provided by chalabi that red rump around spelled and wolf which Prewar belief that Iraqis would rise up and welcome the invading coalition with open arms that the Republican guard with surrender and Droz and the government side of who's seen with crumble in a matter of days One hesitates to make sweeping generalizations, but anyone who studied the history of emigrate groups into the endless fighting Infiting and delusional quality of the emigrate culture see if you can think of an example This gets better chalabi's been an exile for four decades in a 1992 was convicted on multiple counts of investment with hundreds of millions of dollars in Jordan after the failure of his bank there He was sentenced to and I see they send me this and it's got it's partly chopped off. Thanks very much, but I prefer to read my own What it was it? Huh, I feel like Casey Casey now and I think we play the other day Is done on the phone? Here it is See this one is pristine. It's beautiful. Thanks very much, but some even a copy next time Carl. Thank you Thanks for the attempt See he was sentenced to 22 years in prison. He escaped from Jordan reportedly in the truck of a carmonger But London Dictane is also a chalabi fan The Iraqi National Congress has received millions in Americans aid money, but the account he's been very poor a familiar story and quite a bit of the money is unaccounted for Chalabi favorites civil roast suits The rummest felled wolf for which choice for vice-roy designated Iraqi's general Jay Garner Head of the Pentagon's office for reconstruction and humanitarian assistance Garner is a retired military man But links to both international arms industry and a Jewish lobby group After retiring from the army Garner became president of sigh Coleman a defense contractor specializing in military defense To a technology is currently on leave of absence from the company The problem of Garner's alleged Zion as simple as is also causing cock He visited Israel's guests of the Jewish Institute for National Security Affairs and signed a statement in October 2000 blaming the Palestinian Authority for the violence after the collapse of peace talks and praising your markable Restrated Israeli army the third member of the term rithead rumsfeld and company waterrunner rack is former CI-achief James Woolsey Who said last week that Iraq is opening the fourth world war counting the cold war is three and then America's enemies Included religious rulers in Iran states like Syria and Islamic terrorist groups So we've got a crook a Zionist and old spy who thinks this is the beginning of WWE 4 set to run Iraq How lucky can the Iraqis get is this what we thought we were fighting for? According to David Sengres analysis in New York Times Some hawks in the administration are convinced that Iraq will serve as a cautionary example of what can happen to other states that Refused to abandon their programs to build weapons of mass destruction and argument that John Bolton the Undersecretary State for arms control has made several times in recent speeches The administration's war pragmatic wing fears that the war's lesson will be just the opposite that the best way to avoid American military actions to be is to build a fearsome Arsenal quickly and make the cost of conflict too high for Washington Meanwhile back at the ranch Senator Ted Steven Sengres had last week that New York City's cops and firefighters should work overtime without pay as wartime sacrifice Our relief feels strongly that we ought to find some way to convince the people that there ought to be some Volatirism at home Those people overseas in the desert they're not getting overtime. I don't know why the people working for the cities and counties ought to be paid overtime when they're responding to matters of national security Stevens Republican of Alaska just voted for tax cuts that will give those who make a million dollars a year 90 $2,000 more to spend on polo ponies some a sacrifice more than others Right small eivons. Oh, God How is it that there are so many stupid people out there? Stupid stupid stupid idiot of jerks Exactly couldn't say better myself More tax cuts for the rich, but you uh, fire and especially in New York the fireman and policemen should work overtime for free And make a sacrifice the ones who are still alive after 9-11 by the way. Oh my god When are you people? Let me say it again the only people who should be so of supporting this corrupt bunch of lunatics You have in there who stole the control of the government are the ultra wealthy and the ultra right wing The religious nuts. That's it So if really they have 70% of approval and time to head for the airport Touch that passport find someplace where it's safe Finland Because believe me we're finished 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line WQAM Good morning Neil. Thank you. Okay Couple of quick things that was just transporting some people in my cab and the woman remarked to me about the yellow ribbon And I said yeah, I got a yellow ribbon because I support the troops, but I am against the law She says how could that be you know and I explained to her and she says well, I don't want to go there Which is fine, and it's okay, but it just that's the mindset of people again It's just they can't comprehend now you could you know support that but anyway you got a great idea for The next poll already you already said it. Yeah, what's the next country that we invade? That that's pretty sure a list Yeah, but you know you never know it's just you think it's theory and next yeah Okay, well wrong stuff. Rumsfeld keeps making it at the noise every day so it must be a some message in there Yeah, well, you never know with a rummy, but like you said with sharon and there a bunch of right wing lunatics there But we don't look at that because if you happen to be Jewish like I am and you are you gonna go along with the flow No, no thanks. No, I don't go along with it either. No, no, I don't go along with it because it's not the right thing to do You have a good day. Yeah, back to you. Let me go. Thanks get out of those settlements. Okay. You crazy old Jews Now where's the thing I was gonna read here moments ago? You got so much crap. I feel like Rick right And I got so much crap all and I quite as a Quedas Yahoo Yahoo Phil and Margates says I'm a big fan of your show, but after admit that I've been in a faithfulist of Howard Stern That's okay. lately however I've been turning you show it 9 a.m. instead because when Instead of when the Howard show ends because of his ridiculous political rants about the Iraq volgement and is leaning more and more to the far right Oh, I Even turned the channel when he starts to spew his crap early in the show I've always considered Howard Tevelen and site clever and insightful, but that feeling is lost for good I enjoy his humor, but he must drop his political talk because he is simply not that bright to look past a bush prop again The machine. I ironically Howard show has been censored now more than ever by the same regime. He supports dumb Howard As your father said long ago, don't be so stupid you moron fill in market and you might be interested fill in knowing speaking the Things censored the SEC now is threatening infinity broadcasting for whom Howard works That if they ever get another one of the major fines are gonna well yank their licenses since they've paid millions and Millions and millions of dollars of fines over the years Yeah, the SEC can can yank their license. Oh, absolutely I thought they just couldn't renew No, no, no, they can be both your license How about that so you know I don't know what he thinks he's better accomplished by his pantry or maybe that has something to do with it I have no idea But I never really considered Howard the stern or even Howard David to be like a great political analyst you know what I say I could be wrong about that, but I don't think so stick to the dice. Okay, Howard the dice in the big breasts 560 pound 560 on the AT&T line now that he was just taking over a rocky video and TV What should be the first show on it For them to be seen the orange is your 56 on a rocky radio how do you like that? When is the as I'm sorry that's wrong language? What do you say to them? Happy to see you my friend The South Park movie. That's right. That's Pakistan South Park movie 51 Baywatch 24 The Osborne 23 Phil Henry show only 21 fill are you sure? Saturday in our live 16 Joey Springer show 16 Vinnie hint 15 the Gong show 15 agree with Gini 15 American Idol 14 Are you hot eight? Holden's heroes in the whatever gunsball down from their single digits And the list goes on to America's and the world's biggest egos tomorrow on our pool 11 past 11 a QA and how many times did you hear about a great opportunity? Some it's not a pretty good, but you just didn't reach out and grab it in time and then it was gone it missed out Right now is one of those times not too late to do it though rarely does an opportunity to report you doing But you ought to think about this right now Interest rates have gone down even lower than ever before financial group was offering an interest rate of 3.45% Then they lowered it to 2.95% now the good news is rates have gone even lower 2.45% financing with financial group you heard right 2.45% confidential group toll free ask wait. There's no obligation call 1-800-940 land and they'll sprain it all to you How long will those go interest rates last nobody knows but possibly not very long? It's a window of opportunity so go through with an actual group get an incredible rate of just 2.45% and save yourself Thousands of dollars call financial group 1-800-940 land What old 2.45% financing due to those monthly payments here the answers a $200,000 a long cost you only $786 bucks a month a $100,000 a long cost you only $3.93 a month do it right now confidential group and 1-800-940 land That's 1-800-940 land the renequal housing lender credit restrictions do apply and rates are something to change without notice 5.34 APR I'm Rosanna Tana Nathan and I'm here to stay based only on my Hispanic sounding name of the and others for life and oh it's all to you the foolish cause it's you inside that's true you're a former tiny little I know that's maybe 20-2 yeah yeah yeah it's no one else cares why you're widened outside the day county line I'm still been asking me when it's it's really important to be a sped it promoting community time it's great but for the media I'm a 16 stupid bitches right that's an understatement I think the f***ing they would be more like it here's the story that the color was talking about from a publication called the hill news as in capital hill representative Ross Lightning defense Iranian group labeled terrorist run for a sottam Hussein ready for this we're gonna get this on a website too when I get done with it when we get done with her a senior lawmaker on the House of International Relations Committee is defended or ongoing support for a group these state departments says is a terrorist organization fighting against coalition troops in Iraq the this group loved the u.s. they're assisting us in the war on terrorism their pro u.s. had representative iliana rosra was in a den a late nann and an interview with the hill this group has not been fighting against the u.s. it's simply not trussian assisted Ross Lightning is the cheerwon of the panel central Asian Middle East subcommittee the group known as the mujadeh mojadeh mojadeh in ii calk m.k is an Iranian opposition group in Iraq the u.s. intelligence and diplomatic community agrees that m.k. is funded by sottam Hussein as in his engaged in efforts by the rack of units is a press curtain she had operations ah she I there she goes again the group killed several Americans during the 70s it also participated in the 79 away to when u.s. embassy seizures in tintir on in 1997 the m.k. is various appendages were designated a foreign terrorist organization last week the state department spokesman Greg Sullivan told the hill the m.k. is considered a combatant and u.s. officials believe it soldiers are undertaking some of the action in the south of Iraq where enemy combatants have disguised themselves as civilians this was dated April eight two days ago Ross Lightning vehemently disputed states assertion to the war at times calling these spokeswoman a weasel and a gutless bureaucrat who will come out of his cave the spokesman Sullivan did not respond to a question for further comment Ross Lightning dismissed the group's anti-american actions as past history she said it has no bearing on what's going on right now in the field oh yeah and for now those past actions of his that's ancient history early on he's a good guy now he's our pizon he's our buddy oh it's big on him nice you see what he's doing out of the uh... dissidents to the journalists no oh yeah he's put him in jail for like 27 years and they all i got to do is like fart the wrong direction he's out with an up again i say let's go get his ass now then you'll have my support then we can really have something going on his community we can all get excited about it for good reason uh... you can imagine woo anyway in no meeting or briefing i've ever attended a said it one called this group anti-US terrorist organization she continued adding that the group has provided useful intelligence to the u.s. government on Iran's nuclear ambitions rosley than further said there is white support in congress for the m.a.k. and it will be one of the leading groups in a stab establishing secular government in Iran in november she released the order support for the m.a.k. that she said had the backing of a hundred and fifty colleagues whom she repeatedly refused to identify not a single one of them because of the Iranian president katami's wealth under campaign i'll probably end the lies misinformation i've decided not to release the names of these signers she said just like a lot of those uh... out members in our coalition and this latest glorious freedom of fight democratic republic and they don't know don't say no names the democratic uh... anonymous uh... republic in october as rosley and letter circulated the house representatives Henry hiding time landtos republican democrat respectively the chairman and making member of the house international relations committee also wrote to their colleagues the law makers letter soptok in colleagues full an accurate information on the m.a.k we are strong opponents of the current government of arambut don't believe that it's necessary to use terrorism or make common cause with sottom who's saying to change the rans government high-end landtos wrote especially in view of the fact that the m.a.k. is based in Iraq has taken part in operations against the curds and she i's has been responsible for killing americans in aran is supported the take over the american m.a.k. and we wanted you to have the full background on this organization as most recently reported by the department of state sue me decide whether land you're named to this letter of support it further advice some colleagues of science and more leaders in the past and then been embarrassed when confronted with accurate information about the m.a.k. committee spokesman sand strap and acknowledge letter was sent in the fall but declined to characterize its context elema probit public and a deroselate and denied that it suggested the congresswoman hadn't fully informer colleagues about the group and is a lot more which we can put on our website today how do you like them apples uh alienarossa rosley rosley and a danna use uh an embarrassment to this community but of course she's got a job for life and you want to know why we know why because she's a great branch right beca to find a beca to find a she's got a constituency it's just like an olden days and i'm a beach when all the jewish politicians get all the old jews to vote for the it's the same birds of a feather vote together they flock together same old tired crap don't use your brain to cast a vote uh you know just look for a name that looks like it sounds like yours and into the sea here's a fact that says hello high kneel and carlos or you should get a lot of a play on this knife to only four days i returned yesterday from which trip to germany wanted to come out of the night and day difference reason i pausers because night it's it went over to two lines and the typing and said in i g and then the ht r and i well i never know what they're going to say on the night and day difference at first glance the coverage by telep is not let's like BBC world scene in international in the very german that works like zdf and dr three sat is not all that different the main difference seems to be an extra layer of editorial spin the american that we're sad the european outlets in not to have the need to go into lowest common denominator explanations for every story they're showing the stories are a lot of speak for themselves and there's just as much coverage of pentagon and u.s.uk field commander press conferences as there are any u.s. channel as an example the Iraqi information minister rako's on about that one other comment while american commanders match up with the u.k. counter parts as far as being spoken well interviews with british and listed men come across as honest even thoughtful while the american troops on speaking and acting but no commentary by reporters rakers seem only to be enforced the worst year is spring and landspads that's but we don't want to knock the troops i mean there are a bunch of kids most of them in addition to which uh... not therefore that's america for you man the education system here sucks to compare the american education with the brit i'm sorry but we're just not as polished as they are okay just look at the president and twenty blad okay is there any comparison air uh... bad one and he's considered just regurgitating what they hear so back to the fourth world my asthma that is out for the season we have the one two neil god to show us the way and there's another being a boy i suppose uh... support my armano carlos in his quest armano without an h sure he's a bit of way well i want to support my arma no that's not even i know that mano and he's talking about people being illiterate bob come on bob armano with an h sweetheart in his quest to banish el cubano jord so work on a well mosa was feeling producer what yeah that's a good idea that's get your genimosa yeah they can the patch up the old fence there you know the one at the little problem they had here's what it says somebody signs it troubled in my amy fox is briefly reporting that rummy has ordered round the clock fire i was it i can't read this airing of old combat reruns with it with the tomorrow kept off by the director's cut of a cop a pop-lips down rocky tb thank you bad handwriting but good facts thank you god so much crap and so little time you know it the months that the erarchy masses in erarchy are going to be siting against the american invaders and here they see not just civilians uh... welcoming the allied forces but kids ages between 12 and 14 you cannot stage that thing uh... this is a reflection of what the mother's feeling eating are they going to sell out a happy meals and McDonald's man yeah it's going to be great get that following McDonald's stock goose it right up there baby and that coker colis stock even though they still all years uh... get that we so-cited to and then we can get some good dentists in there you know because boy they could use some help once we start writing what they have left their teeth with that coke with a pure sugar like taking a like just sucking on sugar i take a guide to him syringe and put in sugar in your veins all and you know something it's really fascinating while they're putting on a happy face on the news channels the last two days and we're seeing the statues come down another one a case you missed it in cork cooked this morning another statue got taken down but the market yesterday took a dump and it's taken other one day you want to know why because all the euphoria about how quickly the war went and we took over Baghdad and sodom's probably dead released these gone hunting somewhere and now they realize that we have to look at the real story of what's all about investing in that's economics oh very bad high unemployment the economy is an a cragmy the earnings uh... reports are a dismal at best that hery opens that that other work quick yeah that's right better get that thing on a Syrian front go on real fast dummy so we can deflect attention again from the real issues of investing which is should be the economy as to all this other crap this uh... dog and pony show they put on and they knew that was going to happen but it didn't last three weeks later in one day and here we are like and as my old friend Ted David used to be a good guy first quarter two thousand three is over to sign check on the hotel i nailed him as being a spokesman for a bunch of fraudulent uh... clowns on his uh... gambling channel your good guy Ted get a real honest job get off of that thing always very defensive all you know you talk about uh... what is he calling instant what is he calling a thing about loss viggas what's that term uses you know intellectualized loss viggas something like that that's what it is that it's uh... it's uh... a crapshoot crap shoot here comes the bunny and there goes your money it's called wall street it's called a gambling channel it's called all that fake we went through for two years hey now you're right in the wave of the future mr president remember that that clown you're right in the way of the future future poverty is what he was talking about here comes the bunny and there goes your money dot com five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a eighteen t line q a m hello speaking how you know pretty good how you don't i got three shows for you okay good times the jeperson is a fan for the time okay jeperson's is my picked thank you you're welcome see i'd like to jeperson love that show there are hoot okay then they can find out with dark folks are really all about uh... i and i seriously the jeperson's a panic i love that show spider what time jica thinks or k things it's a race and shet time you know a by the way we're almost reached the year now since the last article time wrote about anything local radio or tv or even tv and those tough pieces about some of the contestant on the so-called reality shows being from south beach that's not my idea of a uh... that's on network tv time that's not a local thing this is the jackass who said i was going to be out of touch doing a show a part of the time from out of town touch this i'll say it again time what are bitter disappointment man and we got that right wing Glenn Garvin now right in radio and tv in a herald and given past you know he's a he's a sportsman that's what they do in the paper sir in fact times jica used to write the dog make the dog track his selections and now all of a sudden he's the radio tv guy and what was that bitch in a year or two or two or two or three of them i've even got a bit about her the phone call with her she was the religion writer after she was the radio and tv writer care curry her name was uh... was a name pack curry very good meal see the old man still got it pack curry yeah that's right she was the radio tv bitch which hated me like poised in all of a cinch who's right in a religion column see a connection here and cabin bastard he was the radio tv guy and all of a sudden he's a sports expert sports probably no parents so they just pay you know just movable parts and uh... so sad it's so sad lot of you people deserve better alternative thank god for me in what's your name friend of goddess you don't okay ran to you doing a good job she really is i mean a little bit takes yourself a little bit too seriously but that's okay at least he's bangin away and bangin away and she's not taking any crap i heard two calls on her sure it's the sickles awful in broad and first guy well you know we got to be together we got all sent in she's saying no we don't i'm not gonna uh... that's why my civil servant get real bad hey i'll tell you something's real good only a matter of a whole bunch of it right behind me or i popped to in my post this morning we were the witness you see me pop a right in my mouth and only my good stuff for it's helping my blood pressure tremendously and it can help you to a lot of different ways only my stock tells contain the finest olive oil you'll find anywhere not just your regular olive oil like you buy in a supermarket but super concentrated loaded with health benefits for you olio matter we take an up-reduced risk of heart disease in high cholesterol plus there are 14 different olio made formulas for you to choose from each one combining pharmaceutical grade olive oil with vitamins and minerals herbal support specific needs from your bones to your blood pressure like me to the immune system just pick out the formulas that are right for you now there are three new olio made formulas one to help you sleep one help you control your weight and sell q-tin for your heart pick some up today at public's records wall greens full food markets navaros and cedano's order when online if you like olio matter america dot com if you want complete information about their products and what they can do for you just call their tool free number and ask away there's no obligation call one eight six six oldio man you go order online by the way oldio men america dot com one eight six six six six six five three sixty six thirty three get your all you might today and start pop it in that big pusier think we have mercilessly taken the following material out of context without endorsement or permission from those depicted is our ongoing mission to make everything that is good and decent look as ridiculous as possible we hope we reach that goal or at least major that back to film a garage our guest i do you know it much you'll run and don't know how to stop let's talk about that more later now let's go to your calls for doctor Phil and we start with Northport New York hello hi doctor Phil hi how are you i lost my job a few months ago and uh kind of affecting my marriage i've really been depressed about it but what you prescribe alcohol and drugs what I don't know i don't know i'm contributing to the cause for a beautiful carny new jersey hello hey boys how's it hanging fine good are you to kiss for me um you're kidding i'm serious you guys i'm talking full time i don't mind doing that i don't want to shame to say so obviously you just lean forward and we all yeah dad of all day woo it's so done go away let me just do those 26 till noon at five six dead no Larry charged for it here's a fact from maloo who says hey new listen this amazing conversion among the right wingers they couldn't hear the thought of welfare universal health care are spending a dime on poor hero abroad the genocide and coast of always fine with them now it's okay to lose american lives and billions of dollars out the poor racky people who's buying this crap i still on low that's all that's not healthy working people let's liberate the poor racky people let we care so much about that's why we had those sanctions on last 12 years including the first two years of the administration who is kidding whom and including the last two of a bush one by the way after the go go for one there's a great column here it's a little bit old from the chicago tributian by Charles wrangle congressman from New York the war in a racker will not be intimidated shon had a decayable tv talk show host recently challenged my patriotism twisting my words to a ledge i'd said our troops were deliberately bombing women and children in a rack nothing could be further from the truth rights Charlie while pointing out that in all wars innocent people are killed i emphasized that american troops are actually going out of their way to avoid harming non-combatans this places our soldiers and even greater danger because in a rack they don't know who the enemy is whether uniform soldiers are really surrendering or with a man and women in the feet close our suicide bombers no matter how smart our high tech weapon we may be bombs and missiles can go astray and accidentally strike down combatants such was the case reported in the press last week more than 50 civilians were killed by an air missile that exploded in the crowded market and bagged at again this is dated March 28 well chon had it is not know because he didn't serve in the armed forces is that soldiers obey the orders of the commander and chief our troops are doing that but if we were not in this war there'd be no bombing at all and it wouldn't be necessary to consider the issue of collateral damage handedly also refused to accept the fact that we started this war and rejecting the well the international community interjected ourselves in the dispute between the UN and Iraq nothing is more precious to Americans than our freedom to speak out to disagree it's frightening that in their passion for this war some people are accusing anyone who opposes it of being on patriotic if members of congress are going to be attacked for a full-filling their response voted their constituents to speak out on matters of war and peace that we might as well tear up the constitution i don't support the war but i refer the troops and i'm graphing legislation that will show an tangible way the country's appreciation for their sacrifice the program will provide generous higher education and health care benefits for the troops after their discharge their spouses and their children for those who wish to go into business it will provide the necessary resources i hope that support is the war who are questioning the oil of its opponents will support this initiative so we can provide a meaningful welcome on the troops come home demonizing the centers to become the favorite tactic of the most of us if our supporters of this war in Iraq at the same time they're stifling debate manipulating public opinion distorting the fact about the loss of lives betraying our troops and defiling the constitution those who oppose the world continue to be vilified for some by some for their principal beliefs i will continue speaking out for peace on behalf of my constituents in the name of the west constitution i will not be intimidated right charlie rangol in the march twenty shiikara tribune i spell charlie you're okay my book he's a hoot and he wants to do something for our troops he's actually proposed legislation as opposed to course the administration who are cutting veterans benefits at a time when we're sending hundreds of thousands of young American kids over there with with who knows what facing them and we're cutting veterans benefits nice going w you're really doing a baby you're all heart pull on your rajers dot com today now that the u.s. is taken over iracky radio and tv what should be the first show on a year neorodish show 65 south park movie 58 the odds born sturdy they watch twenty eight with pan suenderson just to pass up George see he thinks that he's the expert you know i guarantee it is plenty guys let me be right now that want to see over and over again the old baywatches with the old pan suenderson with her without real breasts they might have a little bit of a little bit correct just because he's got a bug up his ass because he's got every disease out of the sun feel hungry show 25 jury spring or show 22 saturday night live 18 gong show and i dream of g and each have 16 twenty-hine fifteen american idol fifteen are you hot nine are you hot no look warm Luke Skywalker opera's got eight hogan's hero's eight gumsfolk seven Dallas five calant they five passions only five they would be in their pants if they saw that and they might feel the change to if they saw shurin and all in the family five yet a one select small potatoes that's our poll right now in your arrages dot com no forget biggie ghost tomorrow now what can we do to mott bond with mode that we didn't do today you know i want to miss my opportunities here because they're fairly limited huh not that may days that he's actually that kind of mode i get the big wave i knew on a few it's great we have we've developed a very strange report now this past week yeah i was probably cause you're here because he's really sour when George is right i don't think it's he dislikes me i think it's George more huh thank you right in fact George was the original one he and i got along brilliantly just fine even though he's a putt but we got a long great until George started with a uh checkered pants and a wig and make it all easy to cost to come it's making fun of this dot ring old man with bad vericose veins that George i wouldn't even know the guy had vericose veins if the beast would not tell me that because he's on playing golf in a checkered shorts on ear well don't laugh about that because the beast is already out so i can't do anything to hurt him huh he's safe you know what i just did i mean i thought i'm trying to get ahead of myself and i just tried just took this hour's page of the log and threw it away well not thought i'm a pretty good idea here you understand it is Friday isn't it? uh five five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T number got some heavy duty stuff today man we got the mad dog from the masters golf fat hey gold burger three in a studio in the last marlins on deck at six thirty hey you know so he doesn't come around even when he's in a building what i'm here now used to when he used to be my buddy but now that i'm written for another one thing about hockey he he he he admits he knows nothing about it to be not can overtime and the overtime lost point he's wrong he's dead wrong we just once the last time you think hankwatch the hockey game how many years ago i'd say about thirty man yeah at least we only had the panthers for tens we certainly never see any of their games been a long time since that fat man ever saw a puck all we did say seen a shmuck recently because he was with more with the christmas party twenty till the he hate boy does he hate him whoo man ever since that New York prime thing i think that was one of the but i wasn't the first one but that really that was the frosting on a cake mode that was a good idea just because they didn't kiss your ass and give you a freebie in fact that somebody was telling me the big i think my friend Derek had to track was in new york prime is a great stake house and i said i'm not going all the way to bulker for meat but that's what he said everybody in a world loves that place and mow gets on the air and trashes them with hank having recommended to because they made him pay for it and because they didn't suck his ass i'm more hard day than i'm going to treat me right give me the table right up by the front pick up the check hard to no well how are griver is matter fact uh anybody looks like that would at peace crawling around probably pretty unappetizing probably stuck in the back near the kitchen i mean what self respecting restaurant tour would want anybody sit around where the other customer the pank customers can see him we're in a piece like that that's moving around 19 till noon at five sixty wq m and speaking of that what a segue to check out fury oh my god my adgenius or what you know yes i am if you tired of that bald spot if you're sick and tired of watching more and more comes to be here vanish from the top of your head well guess what one good thing is even a even a great looking guy like tom Brady as young as he is you notice he's developing that little hold and said can like the one Greg's been scratching for years if you got bald spot too like most guys get your hair back and look younger again and better than you ever dreamed you could maybe better than you'd when he had your real hair because Charles Alfie race got the latest technology going his natural hairline system why do we call it that because very simply it looks natural not like those muskwats i had in my head this morning when i went into most studio not like that ugly piece he's got the changes covered that comedian hair hair piece but like real honest to goodness hair that's grown out of your scalp and you got nothing lose but the ugly shiny bald spot because everybody gets Charlie's 30 day guarantee which have been telling you for 100 years now if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells if you're not getting late at least 15 20 30 times a day Charlie gives you full refund and mention your arages when you call two because he'll knock two and a box off the regular price when you mention my name if you got the big pair call tool free 1 800 3 21 24 13 for a free no obligation consultation and get your hair back the real way 1 800 3 21 24 13 or log under the world famous website at Charles alphiary.com you a yon god coming up tonight on inside of a high in the true halloween with celebrity music biography profile story we take a good hard stiff look in the startup when Robert Palmer met two guys from derandarand the magic they made together can only be described as no Robert Palmer and two guys from derandarand they were the power station I only did the gig because Robert promised me I'll be able to f**k one of the parma girls field os hot birds in the black me dresses that are youthness videos and a pepsy commercial derandarand and retailer feels completely reigned by association with Robert Palmer I feel completely reamed by my association with Robert Palmer Robert Palmer was not available for comment however EGA legend Arnold Palmer was what are you talking about I've never reamed anybody how do you respond to allegations that you promised derandarand guitar as he could partake of the sweet love nectar waiting to be unleashed from one of the pomer girls look I'm sorry I've got to go do a denture commercial anyway the friction between anti-taleer and Robert Palmer made for a tense environment in the studio as heard on this rare archival tape of a power station okay this is something like it hard take for yeah you got to take for that's great Robert what about me I'm standing here with me and I well maybe I'll just have to strike you the power station we call it a super group if it wasn't another crappy 80s man it's a big juicy shopping wait look at show business tonight on inside of a high 14 till noon at five sixty wc of the shows are fly by this week minus George I'm sorry maybe you can take another couple of weeks all bad news rain postpones the first route of the masters and you realize that mad dog is going up to me she can tomorrow why don't ask why because he feels like he does whatever he wants I taught him a long time ago you work a couple of days here take a couple of days off and he's been doing it so Joe rose a little dog beyond a mar for the mad dog so he'll be happy on Monday through Thursday or no I guess two days three days from the masters and not one hold has been played I mean he been walking around a little bit you know some practice runs I guess but not one wheel holder's been no real competition hey got to hang around with all men for a couple days but you choose can we ever get the real story on that we want we want the inside story about that inside the behind the masters if the written if they got any pacydickey candy for a pacych yet probably just rolling around Easter eggs on the on the go on the greens what was that line again at the guy head this is uh I wrote it done this is hallowed ground I seriously some of you sports people out there you're crazy people crazy just like uh Mrs Wallace's on passions crazy crazy even precious on etchio the little ape has got more brains than you got this is hallowed ground don't change anything I wonder what he thought back in 75 or whatever year was they let lea elder in the first black eye these two exclude black stew he probably wouldn't do happy about that that color that jackass so to match there's a post bone so the first round will be tomorrow officials hope to get in 36 holes tomorrow though more rain was expected in the morning the hope is that two t-star picking in 75 or two t-for two that's what we got a play t for two and me for you don't let in the jiu it's bad for here is an interesting thing for my friend Lynn Samuel staff a lot Lynn hey Lynn says she's the world's even she puts the t-little to shame number one fact hack and she's proud of at least we like her Lynn anyway this t-little we can live with that what are you laughing about we like Lynn a lot she's a sweetheart in spite of her macroge of session and her blow up dog former priest poses nude for gay magazine a former priest in Argentina has agreed to pose naked for a gay magazine after coming out of a closet all right how do you like that we have only one thing to say to father tool or whatever host name is down era are that's not that whole land american thing there's something strange down here yeah and race jiony who's 32 has accepted offer to post for south american gay magazine imperial g g is in gay the areo uno newspaper reports it'll be featured in street clothes underwear and totally naked neckard after going public with his homosexuality mr. jony left the church and moved from his hometown of mendoza to bwayna's aides well you'll find lots there believe me when his aides fixity like that in south america see see this mr. jony now works as a barman in the gay club said i met a man to the internet i didn't want to live a double life he met a man whose real name was probably Florence Geraldine he also has found a publisher for book he's writing about his experiences in the church and the bwayna's aries gay scene there he goes just one more example of that cat with church in the churches gays scene yes that we said that's exactly what something like that i already has to make it but i'm sure that's what it said it's a fact in the church yeah we know let's see on here here we go with a little writing okay not interested not interested don't even look at it even the one you typed out before the three or four copies of it don't look at it little losers with no lives let's see how the pull coming out of the t-wess is taken over radio and tv and a rack what should be the first show on here neo roggie show 73 the south park movies a 67 baywatch 31 what's only a two house race right now the osbourne's thirty fill Henry show 26 okay Jerry springer show 25 Saturday night live 18 gong show and i dream a jene and american i'd leech have 16 Benny hints got 15 i think they have to see earnest ainsley speaking about her pieces can you say baby baby oh you talk about it up and here's a guy that's supposed to be healing people i said for years how can we know put his hand on his head and get some real hair back for rosy chuck alphiari Benny hint and the earnest ainsley are you hot opera each have nine most feature rate hogan's hero's eight gunsfolk seven dial asked six all in the family six passion still has five and then down from there happy days is only got the three dinner with those are yet they have found faanzi yet and richie oh i got some of good stuff here pastures affair shocks the church the news hit each worshiper differently one woman gasped as though a love run to die let's begin a gasping here the thing about the Pentagon one of the Pentagon uh... upershots was watching the vs today when it was shown the thing with a statue in Baghdad and when it once told you put the american flag over the head of the sottom it said he he literally gasped he let i look like that well probably not a but something similar until he saw the ticket back down again not a good idea we're not here to occupy well at least we don't want to say that we're here to liberate you so we put the raki flag back up there anyway one woman gasped as though a lot of one of the dot others website and he had full members walked out of just been an aftering Sunday services the revendon jongea wagnar was resigning in pasture christ the raki mani church in kupar city the reason extra marital affair sent that announcement march thirty at the six thousand member congregation has been trying to absorb the shock Jesus christ is taught us to forgive said norma body of saviour tenneter is the day the announcement we are praying for pasture john i know my heart is going to come back to a census the church will work this out of this express profound disappointment i'm pissed off said Nicole becker plantation i know he's not god but he's a voice of an example to us how do you like that father three great letters to the editor in the air all the day army chaplains tactics in a racker blackmail remember the start we had about the uh... chaplain was selling the water yes i'm not selling but he was making it off of the could refuse if they wanted water they had a good baptized be better if he was selling it yeah margaritch sheriff in my amy says ever know sheriff they margarit i think that was nick the vars middle name margaritch sheriff in my amy says reverend negg lockland's able for story army chaplain offers baptism in bans i have two questions how did chaplain joshiano come to own a five hundred yall in pool of water i realize that soldiers could be immersed for baptism but who furnished the pool in the water why's the army allowing him to blackmail soldiers in the baptism exchange for a bath i'd love to see this chaplain try to explain himself to jesus on judgment day how do you like that yeah father it's judgment day and you were like uh... making those soldiers an offer they couldn't refuse jesus christ wants a man's who's here's another letter i'm a part of joshiano with hold a single ounce of water from hardworking battle where american soldiers america was founded on freedom of religion and freedom from forced religion and re-assangeings in delrey beechrises nice going and we're read on sweet are you ghost uh... girlfriend america soldiers come from all backgrounds and religions yonno sirs on an american base in that arid hell's kitchen where america's best patriots are fighting for all of us how dare yonno insist that it was fighting out on the front lines be baptized before allowing to the then the baton is pristine pool it's a good thing that i'm not god or even because if i were to be play ticked off cizandia you and arrest of us two sweet heart land wise in voka i served my country for many years now the metals to prove that i served in four lands for our constitutional freedoms if i were in a rack i needed a bath i wouldn't be baptized just for one sake for the sake of a bath i'm jewish no one i'm jewish he say no one regardless of denomination should be knight sorely or needed fresh water that this chaplain claims to be his he should be recommended and then decidedly discharge for an objective duty he's a bigot who thinks he's the only one who loves the honors god i score land and by the way happy pays off how do you like that what you're laughing about so jewish can't pay they guess elistic convert atheist agnostic's buddhist muslims no no no say 70 is vennists no which is Mormons travelers that's just oh wait no i'm not saying what you should have quote why you're by the way the god i call them the first hour the show you're right about peanut boy wqa m i'm your honor yes you're okay oh they have hypocrisy is just astounding you know if you uh read carefully some other stories about that uh that priest there who is forcing them to be baptized uh these troops to be baptized he's a part time or you know he's like a weekend warrior who works for vision ministries which is uh Billy Graham's son's uh ministries yeah that was in the storm we had to it's all connected i mean he's the people are just robbing her hands together with glee just waiting for the moment they get the green lights so they go over there and and uh convert all of these he even muslims man and turn them on the Jesus because it's good for business this amazing uh but uh back i wanted to mention something about that molly i've been stories that you uh had a great story that was yes we could chillabi and uh he mentioned in the article about the triumvirate and the one of the other members of the triumvirate is wolfie right well she doesn't mention in that article who's the third person of the triumvirate is and for yes she did she does general all whatever his name is from Orlando uh well uh i i thought that it was the former ambassador to uh Yemen was one of the uh choices that might be put in on no no in fact they showed it on the news last night garnered general garnered from a retired general big buddies with aerial shirons right wingers and his real life that she that was in there oh well i had the one don't pay attention to those that you're making yeah well i thought that uh he was the uh he's the oversteer of all three of these district and one of this clear was the seer well one of the one of these uh districts that they're they're dividing out these uh the uh Iraq into three districts is the ex ambassador to Yemen yeah and if you remember that all all got to go suicide bomber strikes you down town bag that checkpoint and the special ever good day and then i don't be saying have a good day way you're supposed to give us the rest of that good thing we got that just in the nicotine there suicide bomber the first i'm afraid of many many many many many okay we didn't uh so far see if there's any casualties but i thought to be what it was partying and dancing in the streets i thought we had every scumbag rounded up and this was gonna make all the herbs real happy and we got rid of sottamese a bad guy in the evil dure which he was but i i thought everything was kosher well it's a bad word uh yes no i thought everybody with circumscrust speck and circumscribed and sized i guess we didn't size them up quite accurate yet lots of more grief to come baby make it almost take about it before you and don't have your party prematurely okay don't have a premature in your pants hey where are the bargains doted it's not a bad day at the bargain they're all some of the people else are fighting some bargains where they find the prices right as in free those people would be really popular down here they get along with the old yenthes hey we like stuff are free yeah that's good anyway it's not free at the swapshop but fantastic bargains it's next best thing over 88 acres chakful of bargains from indoor and outdoor vendors the swapshop is the busiest retail location in the world before daylight and a night to swap shop has the world's largest 13 screened rabbit movie theater featuring great first run movies what are so many people shop at the swapshop no place else can you see millions of dollars worth of brand new brand they merchandise a flea market prices and everything you buy at the swapshop is what indeed free admission free parking every day of your life seven days a week the swapshop is the cheapest place in a world of shop on thursday's like today be a free buyer or free seller every thursday you get free garage sales space before five and a.m. and mondays all day long all of these things and lots lots more waiting for you at the swapshop and of course it's on prestige summarized vote of our between nine ninety five in the turnpike called nine five four seven nine one swap and whatever you do don't miss the free million dollar three ring circus every day seven days week the aroma stretches for mild at the swapshop nine five four seven nine one swap maybe even precious is going to be the this week and local this is for 235 sixty three way and and for our hilly and our russian laden and i like scrubbing my smelly gorilla as with soap made from jewels and listening to the new okay i'm gonna use the hour their songs provided the soundtrack for all whole generation and now they're finding a whole new audience with a CD that doesn't sound a whole lot like anything they've ever done before it's the best of crossbeats stills and cash ohms you know we're right in on the america jigsaw experience is your move all over again when crossbeats stills and cash unveil a whole different take on this classic too all houses are very very fun alls with two cats in the yard it's a CD jam packed with all the songs you want to teach your children my klym yours you are mine hello i'm johnny cash because we stills and cash you know we use the same like a couple of boys names too but now the cash registers ringing because where is the one who will register you are what you are that you may get hard the best of crossbeats stills and cash walk the line straight to your local record store and pick up a copy today come on to it five sixty wqm so anyway here's uh this little torque keeps facts me it's just right on here jow rows for the mad dog tomorrow on my schedule and also the mad dog was saying that yesterday so i guess the audience knows better than we do right jow is he feels in that jow rows well it says jow rows on my schedule okay in addition to which there's a guy he's stuck okay okay yeah here's a factor more in in boko who's becoming extraordinarily chronic but excellent factors he says the rackies must love us after all that's why they're showing us on tv right never mind the pictures of the maimed children and dead bodies you know the collateral damage i get oh a senior Muslim cleric killed in the job you see that no and suicide bombing uh downtown bagged at one of the checkpoints and says i guess we don't need to see that stuff the collateral damage that's what's for the Vietnam more for us right when we started seeing all the dead bodies and all the kids start coming home and body backs it just the mazes me that people actually call you and say how do you feel now in the old luncha fee full feel foolish the rackies all love us some people who know what they watch on tv which i think is what i said i remember when never came out of the 70s it seemed like a dark comedy or fantasy now it's come true i was mad at hell but i was just taking it right now how would be a must be rolling over in his grave or working at fox news it's nice now right wing enough for fox news he's too far to lift in the box 567 0560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Marvel Slimes were building our pool today we're adding to it and and i wasn't joking before when i said we're gonna have some special program maybe to have already been on there because it's like eight o'clock at night in the bag that i saw some some subtitles with bush talking a little while ago well they showed that hours ago somehow yes that's already been on and of course one has to wonder what bush was saying eeeeeeeh to the Iraqi people wqa m hello yes sir the feel sounds like me how you doing the alka chow it is um the love bug the love bug the love bug the love bug the love bug the love bug the love boat exactly yeah uh fantasy island with a many guy or array philic ace you must be we i was just gonna say that you read my mind man i'm not having a couple of instruction videos the uh the argument bathing in the joy of home circumstances don't end that's bad now they they're all circumcised oh really well maybe we can't go here aren't the Arab circumcised huh just know about me now i'm i don't care about you believe me but aren't the uh i think all the herbs are circumcised although the Muslims are the Muslims all Arabs are the Arabs all Muslims i i know there's Filipino Arabs still i mean there's philipino Arabs what you'd be talking about boy there you go again just stick in your foot right in it and you're pushed to the Arabs are circumcised just like the Jews and they like halava too but they don't want to admit it here's an article in the Salt Lake City you taught tribune my brain is real sin uh oh koi city the headline is will arack be free like koi originally go to the mean to disarm Sudan who said i'm who's saying now now it's talking like a president because i'm sada Sudan has saying if you notice that i'm starting to talk like him mull mull mull mull mull mull mull mull mull mull mull maybe i can get elected too let's do an lesson originally bill is a means to disarm Sudan who's saying of his weapons of mass destruction the war in Iraq soon became one of a liberation military officials from the genitals in the command center these soldiers online talked about freeing the Iraqi people the poor oppressed Iraqi people but if freedom and liberty are what they're fighting for in Iraq you as a British troops should nextrin their sights on their host koi the soil from which the war against Iraq has been and stages his home-to-away sectarian government that is yet to withstand basic individual rights to all. Although Kuwait's ruling family begrudgingly brought back and elected parliament in 1992 after six year absence, power remains firmly in the hands of the ruling Assa Bhav family, which fancies itself as a benevolent monarchy that governs according to Islamic Orthodoxy. It proclaims ideals of freedom however so have far have fallen short of the ideal, women here cannot vote in a whole political or judicial office, naturalized male citizens of non-quay to dissent must wait 30 years for such privileges. The formation of political parties or other associations for political purposes is illegal. Now I'm trying to think, oh that's right, it wasn't Kuwait, it was gutter that they had that surround 60 minutes couple weeks ago. Which story? About the women can vote and they hold off as it wasn't Kuwait. The formation of political parties or other associations for political purposes is illegal, only Kuwait is can own property. The country's 100,000 veterans, a tournament chapellers whose people have room these parts for centuries, have no legal national status and are regularly deported and done access to state social services. Israelis in recent visitors to Israel cannot travel here. Oh, the Kuwaiti media were strictly by numerous laws rarely criticizes the government, religious leaders or members of the ruling family. In addition to laws that in fringe on basic human rights, the state's official version of Islam has inspired laws that can seem oppressive to non-believers. Don't even try to bring Rodin's kiss here. And I say, Rodin, what do I know about art? You know? One Kuwaiti law provides a three-year prisonster in a tenth-alem burasing and a $10,000 or five for anyone to distribute their exhibit pictures and drawings in forms of anything immoral. Alcohol and extramurnal sex also strictly prohibited by law. Just this month, the famous Kuwaiti artist was arrested after a police thought a case of vodka in his car. Oh my god. Wait till they find out that precious is drinking gin on passions. Despite the government's spotty record on personal freedom, Kuwaiti's probably will not be liberated by British and American troops anytime soon. The average emerald is pro-westerns for us anybody knows because this is no weapons of mass destruction. How do you like that, huh? Kuwaiti's Kuwaiti's good, Saudi's good, Syrians not too good, Iranians pretty, pretty bad. Pakistanis? This week not too bad. Maybe next week we change our mind and come back to reality. Turks? Turks, we don't like that nor even a 16 billion we couldn't have arrived more than. Pistoff it then. Let's go in and get the puppies. WQAM? How are you doing? Pretty good. Good. You know, I was coming through a local music magazine the other day. Yes sir? I'm page 35 man, you're post-popped up. I can believe it. I look at your music magazine. Yeah, it's called Rag magazine. I'm serious. You're on page 35. A big headshot of it. I was in a position. Please, your company's spent a couple hundred bucks on this. It was an ad? Yeah, for you. The company's spent any money on this. Well, what was it? That was a little trade-off though. I was a trade-off. They didn't spend a dime. You can be. Well, it's at least it's something you're right. It's a... You know, it was kind of odd because it's a great little local magazine I was just surprised I see your put the computer. Anyway, how are you doing? Okay, thanks. Thanks for your good news. What is it called? Rag magazine. Rag? Yeah. Tell me. Tell me. Set that up for us. Oh. Are we in spending money? We got those billboards out there all over time and when my big push on it. And on the turnpug now, they moved the one from the intersection to 590 from the turnpug to one. I'm right on most ash now as I'm working with him. Right on his ash. How do you like that, Mo? How would you have to say? I figured none. No harm being on his ash because gang rape is funny. Right. He's used to it. I got a lot of a lot of experience. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Suicide bomber strikes it downtown back that checkpoint. Sassination of two prominent clerics inside the Ali Moss in on the jump. We're going to go to the phone right now and Trudy Rubin joins us. She really who filed one of these clerics for her paper, the Philadelphia and choir. Trudy, what do you have for you? Well, this is a very significant development because this man sighed Abdul Masjid Al-Fui had come into Najaf with American forces and the US government at the highest level that placed great hopes on what he was going to do. This is a bunch of who's the son of the man who was the leading chia, Ayatola in the world at the time of the Gulf War, Anayatola who enjoys the separation. In a fancy who he made, she said. She says the younger Al-Fui who was a son of a woman. She had come back and was going around to towns around Najaf trying to line up religious leaders to work with the Americans and to work for a democratic Iraq. And so his assassination is a serious blow to US efforts in the south to get religious leadership behind the kind of changes that the president says he wants in Iraq. Okay, that's enough. Wow, just to sit and back there, getting all these taxes off of the machine, almost let her continue battling on her after she said. 11 past noon is 5.60. WCQA, I'll tell you, says a lot because they're all whipped up and fired up about the great deals they're giving you right now. Not good buddy Tom Layman. And your pre-Ado at the Highlight Pontiac GMC. Right now they got more neo-Rajers deals going on. Neil, do you remember one? Get yourself zero percent financing for 60 months on every Pontiac or GMC on a lot in stock right now as I speak. Neil, do you remember two? Get up to a $4,000 rebate on every new GMC in Pontiac in stock. I heard I heard right, you heard right, too. Get up to a $4,000 rebate on every new car truck in stock. Neil, do you remember three? If you're currently a GMS smartly sister smart by customer and rubbish heavy blazer, old bravado or GMC Jimmy, buy or lease a new Pontiac or GMC and get an extra $1,000 off the price. Stop by Helen Test Drive the all new and powerful Pontiac Grand Prix. Halipotiac GMC at 134-1 South, Tixie Highway. That's a great location because it's the same place it in for 35 long years. Given people great deals and treating them right. US won across from the falls. Open every day seven days a week. If you want more info on Aydanyl deals just call the Neil Deal Hotline 1-Trival 8-534-442-111. 1-Trival 8-534-442-11 and don't forget please. All Neil deals are submitted to credit approval senior for details. Halipotiac GMC even Beterboy says they be professional grade. That free card in the Amwich. Don't go close. Come on. My TV. Here's President come. Here's Republican muscle in an arcade with it idiots. I don't know why. They won't want to get you out of the house. I'm going to get you out of the house. I'm going to get you out of the house. I'm going to get you out of the house. I'm going to get you out of the house. I'm going to get you out of the house. I'm going to get you out of the house. I'm going to get you out of the house. I'm going to get you out of the house. I'm going to get you out of the house. I'm going to get you out of the house. I'm going to get you out of the house. I'm going to get you out of the house. I'm going to get you out of the house. Don't go close. I'm going to get you out of the house. I'm going to get you out of the house. I'm going to get you out of the house. I'm going to get you out of the house. I'm going to get you out of the house. I'm going to get you out of the house. I'm going to get you out of the house. I'm going to get you out of the house. I'm going to get you out of the house. I'm going to get you out of the house. I'm going to get you out of the house. I'm going to get you out of the house. I'm going to get you out of the house. I'm going to get you out of the house. I'm going to get you out of the house. I'm going to get you out of the house. You don't want to have time to go into a store. I'll say one for family. I'm thinking about it. I'm going to take the money and buy your bills. The cash money and the bushes and more. So how when you look back to American history we had you know John Adams and his son was John Quincy Adams these second and sixth presidents You know who needed that one per family I mean we had Teddy Roosevelt and FDR but they they were like cousins. I'm not sure they I think they were like second cousins Were they yeah there were some like weird ass cousin cousins no kissing cousin yeah, no, they were not you sure positive. How do you know I was there? Eleanor told me what she was busy Why don't we had the JFK and then if we're grooming the Bobby of course and then not did work out And then what else that's it? And then we got the bush one and bush two and of course They got jabbed their grooming in a way so we have like a dynasty. That's what the Kennedy's had in mind They wanted two terms for JFK two terms for Bobby and two for Teddy And the same but a bush is they had only one for our pop a bush because they'd work out too well in the second one Read my lips. I'm a lamp you know that all that stuff not to good got his ass want by Bubba So then we got Dota in there. Well by hooker by crook and I we got you have like I said waiting in a ways then there's always George P you know What the I'm sure they're grooming him. Oh, I'm positive. They are I mean you can't sit out there doing wheelies in a parking lot all day outside his girlfriends Thing you can't do that forever Sooner later is gonna butcher up a little bit plus you should look pretty good George P Maybe we could take over everything we should play nothing but ice is maybe after we take over everything We should play nothing but fox news it says after a couple of six fox news that be sobering I still would vote for bush in their first lesson and they'll write him in the bush mice doing a rack Oh, it's bush good you heard them saying bush good. I think it said butch not bush In other words, they're trying to say no matter how many years. Butch were very butch We don't fight like it, but Somebody says he ho and that's the list. It was a favorite of George Herbert Walker bush that was his favorite show. He ho Yeah, that's true That's right up his alley the great intellectual that he was While his friends at the Carlisle group were doing business with the bin Laden. He was busy at home washing he ho on TV With a mother of our country Barbara What's your name Betsy right Betsy Ross right Betsy Ross right no Martha Washington And that who he was married to bush a senior With a way here the she and she and the epitome of a spit image of Martha Washington God almighty Barbara bush Barbara we're a little bit of a We still have that in there. I wonder oh, I would love if we had in there Or she does that thing with a burping. Oh, I hope we do somewhere. You think that not in there. I'll find it Here's a fact from merchant and cruel spring says and I'll only be part of it Retreat cuz only for our show not only is this administration an essential command Seaming the overjoyed and gleeful at the body count They continue to pepper the media in the lame lambs where the citizens of this country with their own version of glorified details of war Maming destruction violence and bloodshed They're overjoyed attitude to killing so many countless of thousands Perhaps the single worst display of propaganda since the days of Nazi Germany when they gleefully published debt tolls And how many Russians were killed on the front how many innocence burned in their ovens and how many citizens were happily cheering on Hitler as he walked on the streets During the war this rep or answerable display of Nazi era stop propaganda only goes further to solidify and show the world That we are arrogant self-righteous self-serving and uncaring it also showing is firmly that the current American president Perhaps the worst single president not only in modern times, but this re of this nation That's what Alan Thomas said and she's been around a week a hundred years or so While people set people suffer back home this American president spending over three hundred billion dollars to fight this war and watch countless Di including his own who we sent over to this backward land all the name of God what is just and what is right? This is a sick and completely demented strategy plain and simple this administration must go and go on the 2004 general election before the American people continue to suffer while their children cry at a hunger and vain and Richard and Carl Springs You are He's always good. He's got to stum on it 5 670 560 a lot of bedtime stories today. We apologize for that, don't we? No, we don't Well passions and talk radio. This is cute And what is this one here? Is this rich factor? Oh Grrr, no you aren't gonna believe who this facts is from oh My god This is the most disgusting and of course he's ripping me for my goodbye Greg you idiot. I'm not interested not gonna read why we're right about three words of this read Greg that even simple and great for most forcing loosely. Oh No, not great read. Oh, I'm not gonna great read any of it What a simple you look I need to let you from this smoke. I'm gonna say what I believe and you can drop it. Okay You idiot you quizzing you more on you Guy I need instructions from him and the other iconic stuff there. I want I should say and how I should present I say what I believe okay, and I believe you're an idiot Greg get lost and by the way Greg in Boynton Beach wherever it had you are same for loosely Greg. Yeah, he don't like you either Patients and talk radio look at his Louis Lopez Fitzgerald looks a lot like Mo. Oh, this is Miguel Lopez Fitzgerald's lot like guilty Miguel looks like guilty Theresa Lopez Fitzgerald crane looks a lot like Randy roads the Iraqis looks a lot like the original Ethan. Oh, yeah, right? I only wish George Ryan really looks a lot like Timmy that was the midget the idea The hammer looks a lot like you Yeah, bigger evil lighter complexion T.C. looks a lot like the mad dog and Gwen looks a lot like Phil Henry are you sure God bless American all those people. It's a little Jessica amen Saving private Jessica baby 567.0560 pound 560 on the 18 to find away Greg. I tore up your two pages of crap in the little pieces and only read about eight words So I'm glad you wasted all of that time on Drec El Drecco. You've simple to knew you have really done it now. Yeah, and that was it That was the end of that God just amazing how emotional some of these people get over the fact that there are those who don't agree with their bull crap You know all these real educated all these rocket scientists out there would do a lot of reading and we know where these places are in a map And we know a little bit about history right Anybody who's a chronic top show host list or like you are Greg needs a lobotomy needs metal help Maybe you need a boyfriend. Maybe that's the problem. Okay, since Andy and Hollywood turned you down W to Q a m Yeah, sir. How you doing? Yeah, you know all those happy talking heads. I was kind of disgusting last night You know we won we won we knocked down a statue. Yeah, unbelievable. You know they don't they listen this morning They're morning they had what was the Blur about it said not breaking news, but the late old latest development and they showed in Kirkuk where they were turned on another statue latest development like this was a big story. They're turned on other statue You know they said there was no opposition when we went to Baghdad Well obviously not what we killed about 40,000 of Nirami in the rest of this ran away So what opposition would be left? I mean it would have like so surprised at it. Yeah, but there's a new battle rate Well the sad part of it is there are pockets at little pockets of it They're gonna be a lot more innocent people died. That's a sad part Well also you know the new battle because once a whale is awarded which it has in telecommunication contracts are given out Is that plan parents would wants to go in there to teach them and the church is opposing it All right, of course, you know, but the real thing is you really believe that the bush mice during this people are gonna let plant Parent are gonna go anywhere near these new found Americans are no colony You know tell them that Jessica Lynch the sad thing is she joined so she could get the 20 grand and get an education And obviously if we just trickle down some of that billions of dollars into places like Lush Virginia She could have gotten For education and what it became in the teacher without going through this Halloween experience And we could have hired obviously people who want to be soldiers to be soldiers and just pay them you know Family like you know You get joined like you joined into be a cop, yeah, but real thing where Americans will love this war and say this was the right thing to do Was in six months from now when gas is what whatever Ninety nine cents again, so this is the greatest thing that we should have done this maybe ten years ago That will really get everybody back on the bush mice decide Who he was for the people who are on the fence? Well, I she think that's gonna happen Well, it's not gonna happen Well, you're gonna you're gonna get gas. I mean oil now probably 40 to 50 percent below wholesale Okay, you know, we're gonna trade and you know food for oil yeah, but we're not gonna get to benefit of that We're not gonna get a savings maybe it'll go down a dime maybe Well, it's already gone down a dime, so maybe another one right what a bargain man That's good like horse. Okay, I'll see a BPM echo not All I see here's another article about Bob Akins. I think it's probably a same thing we had before Had to have it a walking every morning from his home to the atkins center had a slip and fall on the ice and he's still alive But he's in now let's see no changes condition not a good thing and not a bad thing waiting for progress He remains in critical condition Ooh, had a nasty fall Dr. Bob And what was the costic horrible thing that you said you thought had something like another hard problem? Yeah, some healthy fall at meet and cheese. That's what you were animating. You didn't say it But all I've met and she's knows eggs and all that high cholesterol and fat That's what you were thinking but didn't want to say because it was a very insensitive and cruel and you'd be too much like George Put a bit ironic 27 past or moronic 27 past known at five sixty wq a m if you're looking to do a little more this year for somebody's birthday new baby or to celebrate Easter Cinema for Montana beer for Montana. He wears a beautifully handmade and Vermont each one's a little bit different They make a personal and sentimental gift that you will be loved forever because they're guaranteed for life They last forever unlike flowers that die in a couple of hours Bear counselors are ready to help you choose from over a hundred beers when you call 1-800-829 beer Or you can shop online at Vermonttittybeard.com Send the hair bear for Easter complete with movable bunny ears or thank you administrative professional on the 23rd with our lifesaver beer Every Vermonttittybeard comes with free card and candy all delivered in a colorful gift box with an airhole That's an airhole, so even the presentation is extra special. I'm sitting in an airhole You won't believe the rest you'll get when you send a handcrafted Vermonttittybeard overnight and Saturday deliver his guaranteed so call today Toolfree 1-800-829 beer or shop online at Vermonttittybeard.com Do a little more this year instead of Vermonttittybeard for Easter any occasion that's 1-800-829 BEAR be sure and tell them that old Neil told you to call All right Let's start argue we'll be so and love you mother orange warning It's time for Hall of Burton to get busy Adoptation time and time let's get those oil bills online If you've been tested that will let the people With Logan Taele like your wane we think balls It is Who's dead? Point the camera over here look at the woman welcome here's a people glad to see us live arrayed our act only the spindle she knows what the camera doesn't show all the rifles we got pointed at their backs our top of can that's working fine got the goose that fit in line so far up in my head and thing we say you're handled who choose you follow finally rewarded in cut with cheaper prices at the public day let's say that war is good for business are they well? war is good for business and rolling back to war is good for business she is right war is good for business and there's no good things to live boost it So pretty 25, 50, 50, 50, 50. By the way, for all of us, the final city is there who were so impressed by the selected vision, vision they saw on our TV say yesterday, these selected images because they don't have a brain of can't think for themselves. The red cross is things aren't really worth celebrating about. While Network Show is Jubilets Iraqi, the red cross is the situation is unacceptable, as what they said. That's their word unacceptable. While Networks around the world are showing pictures of Jubilets Iraqi, they'll be in areas that have suffered most under his regime, including the very poor Sodom city and the Kurds of the North. The international red cross is the situation downtown Baghdad is another story. In a full interview from the Center of Baghdad, where cross representatives said the situation is very hostile and that the American forces are shooting in anything that moves including one of their own convoys. At the time of this filing, the IRC of an unable to evacuate one of their seriously injured colleagues which may prove fatal. The streets are scattered with casualties and US soldiers are firing at anyone that tries to evacuate them. The IRC said they are shooting at the clearly marked vehicles and preventing treatment of the wounded is not only against the Geneva Convention but is unacceptable. Preventing treatment of the wounded is not only against the Geneva Convention but unacceptable. The situation in the city is extremely critical. Hospitals are reported to be overwhelmed by the inflow of war wounded patients in summer without water or power. The water supply for Baghdad is becoming an issue of major concern, following reports that the Cannot Raw Water Pumping Station in the northern part of the city has also stopped functioning. When they don't let any of the facts confuse you, okay? Because these people were just in a way. They were collateral damage and that's what it took for us to go to freedom. Sustl bit on the news about light fighting but whatever is going on with that bridge, I don't know if that was now or some other point. When every flasher says weapons of mass destruction will be found and if they can't find them, we'll make them sure we can't conjure some up. Light fighting my ass. In addition to which don't you remember when we had him cornered what was supposed to happen was going to use chemical and biological weapons against their troops? Did that happen? There's one of the best stories that I had you put on a website today is one about the possible deal that was made with the Russians, right? That he could with the Russian embassy? What about how is that story? It's only a four hour show. It's in here summer. You got it? Take and carry it. Come on, Spores of Warba Bob Herbert, Cheney links to a bit under attack. Don't you think it's a great deal? I think it's a great deal. I think it's a great deal. I think it's a great deal. I think it's a great deal. I think it's a great deal. I think it's a great deal. I think it's a great deal. I think it's a great deal. I think it's a great deal. I think it's a great deal. I think it's a great deal. I think it's a great deal. I think it's a great deal. I think it's a great deal. I think it's a great deal. I think it's a great deal. I think it's a great deal. I think it's a great deal. I think it's a great deal. I think it's a great deal. I think it's a great deal. I think it's a great deal with Iraqi leaders, where who's saying what surrender bagged that without resistance and returned from being exiled to a safe country. Al Jazeera says that Lebanese television reported that who's saying is in the safety of the Russian embassy. Huh. You believe whatever you want to believe. It's a possibility. Of course. Of course the fact that they dropped those four bombs as gigantic 2,000 pound bombs on that compound, where he and his sons supposedly were. And they have money. Traces in. They have families there. They found some bodies. Not him. And of course we don't have his DNA anyway. But I guess even the little kids there didn't that they pulled out of the rubble didn't look like him. Like the clowns saw them. They just couldn't pass as a double or triple. Just mention that in passing. Okay. For those of you got all the answers. Those of you who are a bunch of lemons for this government for these corrupt lunatics. And now it's on the Syria. And that'll be on to Iran. And we're going to liberate air. Every one of the oppressed peoples of the world except of course our own. And we're going to be a little bit more depressed. Flesh who says we'll still not sit on the status of the Iraqi regime. What what the was that mean? It's agenda. Another area of the agenda. I see. 560, 505, 60, pound 560 on the AT&T line QAM. Hello. How are you doing now? Okay sir. They put it a little good news there. Those two asshole that were killed the deputy. They committed suicide. That's shot to be SL guy. Yeah. They saw them in a back of a G person. Excellent. That's the best news I've had all the way. They ran a hole and then did themselves and we'll call him my wife. Good. Hey. You're no longer a lot of people. I beg your pardon. You no longer allowed to play the Fox News had a bit. Sure we are. Okay. Would you play that for me? Absolutely. Okay. And a little good news there. The Fox News says not that's certainly ought to be in here. I shouldn't have to go through this thing with a disc. A disc. Huh? It's not in there. The call is in there. Ah. I'll have to find it out here. I'll tell you something. When he comes back, you better straighten his ass out. Here we mean. It's not in there. Don't be looking. Okay. Because that's. Kick his ass. Okay. One of the few people that have shorted it. Tell him we had a damn good week to sweep the audience. Seems to be pretty happy. He did then there won that pull yesterday about whose voice they hear to just fold me at the mic. Of course. Next time he does the show. Why do you work on Neil? What's written behind your back? And Bob, I'm a violin. Well. I got him to make jobs. I have to make sure by the way. I'm going to play this right now. But I want to make sure that it's the censored version. So if you hear a little dump, you'll understand that maybe it wasn't. Now it could be exciting. I think there's only one of those. I think they have that disc up in Toronto. I think. But you never know. In fact, maybe this actually is really kind of leased it. We'll say. We'll see what it gets to everybody wants to. Boxu's Heather. We really like your f**k dude. Whoa. Yeah. Boxu's Heather. We really like your f**k dude. We really like the f**k dude. We really like the f**k dude. You're a fine looking fashist and a perfect little mace. I want to build their copy through your soil tatties. This starting use is looking slug at sweet. Lapping your lips like an cold or gross beat. Boxu's Heather. We really like your f**k dude. Whoa, man. Boxu's Heather. We really like your f**k dude. We really like the f**k dude. You ever think about doing that release? To the pitch, huh? You want to do it, don't you? Three, wait. You're a bit like a man. You're a bit like a man. You're a bit like a man. Then into things froze, put between your tongue. I bet it tastes like bubble gum. See you next time you need a story done. Since it takes us in bubble to make you come. Boxu's Heather. We really like to f**k you. Oh yeah. Boxu's Heather. We really like to f**k you. Okay, 21 till noon at her one. And you know, I'm just trying to push things along a little bit. You know, I'm just on speed or something. I feel like it sounds like it. And that's because they're nicely speak this way. How many votes we got on a poll? Or 498. It'll be 500 momentarily. Now that the US is running radio and TV Iraq. What should be the first show on the air? New York, your show 92 South Park movie 76. They watched 37. The Osborne's 36. Your spring or show 34. Phil Henry show 30. Are you sure? Serden in at live 24. I do a Gini 21 and Gong show 18. And then fairly small potatoes after that. I'll tell you some people are really big potatoes. And that's my good friends at dialometres. For years, I've been calling them every time my mattress is worn out. You just have to face it. You know, it affects your back in a way you feel the way you sleep. If you don't get it, the night sleep. You do feel like crap. It's one of the most important purchases you'll make. So the bottom line being what are you going to do. Rush out to your department or bidding. Sturm waste. Lot of time and effort and gas and money. And get ripped off paying for somebody's high over hand or make the one smart. Easy call. I've been telling you about for years and talk to my friends at dialometres. That's all it takes. You'll talk to train betting experts who know the betting industry inside and out. And get you exactly the mattress you're looking forward at unbeatable everyday low price. Unbeatable delivery deal. Just call 1-800 mattress. M-A-T-T-R-E-S right now. And you'll be guaranteed a great night sleep for years to come from dialometres. They got the best in the business. They got Seely, service, Simmons King, and the best in the business. They got the best in the business. They got Seely, service, Simmons King, and the best in the business. Every size in style you could possibly want to. Don't forget. Dialometres is ranked numeral owner when it comes to customer satisfaction because they know how to treat their customers right. Once you buy a mattress this way with one easy call, you'll never go back to those shoroms again. And please don't forget when you buy your mattress from dialometres. They'll set it up and take away the crappy soil smelly old vending for free. That's right. Dialometres sets up the new and takes away the old vending for free. So make the call right now to dialometres and enjoy a great night sleep for a long time to come. 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S. That's 1-800-MAC-Pris-Be-Shorn-Tumb-that-Old-Neil and Fat Boy-Tooted-A-Decall. We're sports-reneal-564. You a-M. PAPAPIS-MIA. Fox News coverage of the liberation of Iraq continues at a moment with the latest surrender Tellies. The phenomenal battle successes of the last 24 hours. At a special Fox News segment on the genius of President Bush. Is he everybody's hero? Or is Saint? Saint from heaven above. Live coverage on CNN 24 hours a day is the war justified. We'll show you video of thousands of protesters yelling at each other than back to the battlefield where US led troops are meeting stiff resistance from egg throwing Iraqi citizens. Hello, Chris Matthews MSNBC. I'm in the way of yelling, but our reporters in Iraq share heart-wrenching stories. I'm American heroism through green screen night vision cameras. And then we'll take you back to the states to meet their families in heavily-ended segments. Pre-drink dramatic music that will bring you to the menless man to convulsant tears. Why am I yelling? I don't know! Only on our visit, I'll give you a point to truth about the wall at Iraq. Tonight we show you the merciless bloody murder of millions of innocent alaps by evil US forces. As they visper, we try to raise that heroist your toide of failing leadership. It's 14 to 1, one thing we're all agree on is we missed Iraqi information minister badly. He was a real hoot. He was like our chuckle of the day. Sometimes twice a day. We need to get him to show. He was really, in fact, maybe that would be good. Maybe the shooting control must be a series of clips compiled on Aaron Iraqi TV. Here's the bullshit that you were hearing about the Americans are all gone and out here. Just look around you. He's gone. Hold ass, baby. Just like I said yesterday, like Tom Don't Like is left in the middle of the night with a suitcase full of cash. Only Tom didn't have no cash. Just that stupid leather jacket. Here you go. I talked about this before about Michael Nikolan's rich in Powell. Son of our secretary of state. The nation's top medioreculated war in broadcast is this week that the FCC will take extreme action, including revoking broadcast licenses for egregious violations of the commissions in decency rules, which means to make a long story short you won't be hearing George again. While our C.C. Chairman Michael Powell has been one of the most vocal advocates against government intervention in free speech. He told the National Association of Broadcasters that there were limits to his patience. Although Powell expresses longstanding concern about government intervention in free speech, saying he gets queasy when the government is the editor, he says the commission would use its full power and extreme cases. Our rules run to the license C. Paul said when asked about the commission's willingness to go to the mad over in decency at some point enough is enough. Last week, the commission announced its intent to levier $27,500 fine for a decency against the infinity broadcasting operation in WKRKFM and Detroit. And more in broadcasters that future in decency violations put their license at their risk, you didn't believe me when I was telling this before. He had little faith. In its notice of apparent liability, the FCC said a WKRK broadcast between 430 and 5PM January 9th of 2002 included explicit and graphic sexual and extueterior references during separate discussions with 9 individuals. Here what I said with AI individuals. According to materials gathered by the FCC, the discussion of the Dementki and Dural show, including talk of breast size, masturbation, defecation and anal and oral sex. Ainal and oral sex. I just mentioned that in passing. Okay. He listened to Georgian or Carolina. While Paul wouldn't directly discuss the WKRKFM, he said he felt comfortable with the commission's decision and nothing commission has the power to pull a station's license. This will never be an easy question. He said only under the most egregious, willful repeated flouting at law will justify that penalty. But on the other hand, Revocation is an option to law. Paul challenged the idea that Commissioner Michael cops is pushing that media consolidation is aiding in a betting and cursing the media. Actually, it's the hyper-competitiveness that's causing the oil right. And there's a water crime kind in the sort of golden oligopoly. The public interest could be a little more than what interests the public. You could have an opportunity to serve vegetables with dessert. But in the modern media age, with changing morals and different media outlets has pushed broadcasters closer to the line. What I find today is it's so hyper-competitive that if you run the ear and you're not going to do the things that draw the interest of the guy next door they will, he said, as soon as they do you're in a competitive struggle with those people. In an interview with reporters after Paul's comments, cops challenged the chairman of examin the issue, I think that's certainly worthy of attention and analization cops said equally worthy of attention to Allen analysis is there a relationship between the rising tide of media consolidation and the rising tide of indescribings on the earways. I don't know the answer the first question. I don't know the answer the second question. I don't look forward to voting with answering those questions, but that's what we're doing. So there is the debate again, the battle. The lines have been drawn in the sand and don't mention your gland, okay? Because Michael Paul is getting pissed off and fired up. And I bet you John asked, off the sand. You go, boy. You're in tead. Egg in the lawn. The pleasure place. You ain't seen nothing yet, man. I'm telling you. Not just Patriot Act 2, Patriot Act 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 9, Patriot Act 4, ever. That's right. In fact, I think you're going to be a whole bunch of Patriot Act. Fuck, third of me! That's right. You mark my words. And all I can say about that is, let's go Patriot. What's wrong with that? Let's go Tommy Brady. Maybe he's still looking good to me. Boy, they're good. They're going to kick some dolphin. I can't wait till football season. I'm serious. I mean, he's standing up playoff. Oh, the stress from that second period last night. No, it's all the hockey calls we had today. None. None. So typical of this town of this station of this crowd, just said, Islanders upset Ottawa right there. We're not going to first game through nothing. Is they're choking gagging sounds from Jacques Martagne. And that crowd start coming out with you through the set. Could it be right through the TV set? All those froggy croaking sounds. Bruins are good. Remember the Bruins fan of Carl Fude's ago? What do you think of my team? What I tell him? Forst rate, baby. Got no chance. No, I'd like to see them upset jersey because I hate New Jersey. They make me ill. And Dallas, Edmonton, Beach Dallas. Every day in me or when Edmonton makes it, they play Dallas. So let's kick their rest again. Looks good to me. Two one last night. I was gone, boys. What are you nine in your head about? You did how many minutes of those games last night did you watch? About thirty minutes. You know, watch thirty seconds. No. Well, the high. Why? The highlights count. You saw the highlights? Yeah. You see Alexander McGillney in his three goals is Hat Trick? No. Asshole. Got a bit of yellow highlights. 1251 at 5.60. WQM. I'm surrounded by Lemmingsman Lemmings. This guy all he knows is, you know, Beans. That's all he wants. Bean counter. Which is a good thing you're out here. Because believe me, that's what's in the envelope. Beans. But clearance came or shut that door. I thought I smelled it. A little residue. We got to the mad dog coming up from the masters where it's rained out today. But I tell you, they should be timing on this was magnificent. But he's having a good time. That's all we care about. We love the mad dog. He's having a good time. And wait till he hears about Mo. I want to correction on the Mo Howard David Show to Mar about that crack of our Jews can't be a belong to Augusta. I think that's uh, he'd better do a retraction on that. Don't you think? If it's not true, he'd better. It sounds really inflammatory to me. It sounds anti-Somantic to me. Come on on here and talk it a bunch of crap. So either as that's what he was referring to as he didn't say that specifically. Either that or they have a list and he and Goldie and Robert Creeper on list. Which we could easily understand. 1252 a QM Lemmings say happy anniversary for the umpteen time. Our good friends at Brandy Shoes in Pablo Beach. Because this year, I've been celebrating my 27th anniversary in town. And they've celebrated their 25th great minds work alike. Any independent family shoes do that's been around for nearly a quarter of a century. He's got to be doing many, many things right like offering a fantastic selection of men's at women's famous brand shoes including rock ports, echoes, Mufisto, Timberland, Clark's S.A.S. floor shaman lots moreers. Wide range of sizes, but they got little tiny teeny feet like baby feet or big fat ones. Men sizes 6 to 15 women's 5 to 12 and whits from very narrow to the very, very wide. Like probably Janet Scott. I want to forget their professional sales staff. Make sure you get a perfect fit every time with real great service. And with over 40,000 pair of shoes in stock and their 8,000 square foot Megastore in their gigantic shurham, you'll certainly almost never hear, Sorry Mr. or Lady, we don't have what you want in stock. They got it and you'll love it. Brandy is a great great place to take your feet to shop for shoes and a rest of you too. Brandy is a 1290 North Federal Highway in Pablo Beach open daily night and nine and Sunday's 10 to 5 and over get all this week at Brandy's. It's a great time to buy S.A.S. shoes. Take 20% off all men's and women's S.A.S.S.S. and be sure to visit BrandySues.com. This is the 21st 20th of July. I already have a homosexual relationship with Neil, so I might as well have one with you too. Yes, somebody submitted he-he-he's on her. It's already going to be a least-or-world. Thank you. He exploded to dominate people, kill with the gas that we sold him. First time a grester nation and the only one that's going, now more blood will be spilled to get that oil going, forget about Korean. The nooks they're toasted at the right wing is really good over and over and too are it. Yeah, daddy rag, asshole. Memphis of Memphis, Russia. Let's go and we're getting lucky. 3000 people killed. Our now forgotten, let's exploit him instead. Eight, there's oil to be caught in going after Saddam to play Kato's summer. There's no longer mention of the name in lotters, but no it's safe concerned of the inflases. Believe in every word of this cartel is in a station. I control this my fear through me and the manipulation and the right wing is really good over and over and too are it. You're that I rag, asshole. Weapons of Memphis, corruption. The loss of civil rights is done. Right that we're paying. We're all suspects now, not the ice drop is seen. I have nothing to hide. Table partners all are safe. I know BD and Kato don't have any reservations. Out of provoked fatta lents. World of the Niles, he's just an old regime's must-mall. It's haliburgin and so. With no objection at all. Timmer, crap don't have the palm and the right wing is really good over and over and too are. The rain was piz. I rag, asshole. Memphis, the fastest ruck-shun. Oh we're fine. Only a rag, asshole. Memphis, the fastest ruck-shun. The BD-5, 60, WQAM here's a ritual of the facts. Who says when I watch the news, he's a murderous rich stances. It makes me sick that he's not in the air and not in prison. By the way, is that guy still dead? I can't help but think what the family of that poor man that Rick ran over in Kailmusfield when they see a smoking face on Agile TV giving his righteous opinion of freedom. P.S. the show and the aloof this. The show does seem better with George Not there. When he returns, I hope he concentrates on producing and not being your laugh track. Remember the bird? Stay healthy, says Chris. Excellent boys, Chris. The first thing we're going to have to do is like a really clean out this studio. Not that the 360. Not that stuff because George W. He fills in has the habit of like, you know what I'm talking about. George is conceptive to do it in the show is to see how much he can get away with. How many bleeped wars he can strut? You know, that keep her in the tongue that when I would nickers. Okay, there's no such thing as shock radio anymore. It's all been tried. It's all been done. People have heard all the bleepes all the words. That's not what's entertaining anymore. It's juvenile. Of course, George V. In a big desperate to get laid. That's basically where his life is coming from. That's his whole focus online. So maybe we ought to send him out to a focus group. And leave him there. I'll be back next week. Well, he thinks he's coming back. I'll be back in town next week. I'm not sure why. And say we back work in next week. Anyway, 500 and some odd votes. Neo Rodgers show 98 which we're going to be starting in Baghdad next Monday. South Park movie 81 Jerry Spinger. Although his show will be heavily edited. I will turn to that. Know how they keep saying they headed like the Iraqi government was editing the reports. Well, it's going to be the same way we have the Neo Rodgers show in the bag. It's going to be like that. Like that. Kind of like that. Anyway, we got the mad dog from Augusta. Next week, I want to have a real exciting show when I ran out out there. And he's probably pouring it inside. And then we got Hank the Humper III. Well, I'm sure he's waiting right outside the door to discuss hockey in Ocena CarPlayhouse with me. Bye bye. I'm going to watch the show on the ice. Oh, honey. Howard David's a bitch. Yes!