The Manor Republic baby, only in Miami. What's going on? What's going on? And crying minds, what to know? That's why, and crying minds, read the Miami Hero. Is Maurice for a really having sex with an alien from outer space? Is for the hell? Is Paul Hawkins the true man of the elephant man? It's in the house. He's John Kennedy sleeping with Max Hibber? It's in the house. Is Jim Baker about to get birthday Harry Fowl, Vell, baby? It's in the house. Sex, sex, sex, more. Hot, sex, all it's in the house. What's Gary Hart's amazing right? Diet from Florida. A crossword puzzle that has no answer. Our own police surprises just for us. I'm Paul's lovely letters to Neil Wagner. And we're so sorry, Uncle Albert, but we haven't heard of Bloody Fowl's age. Finally, fably rhetoric. It's all in the latest issue, I'm Paul. But my, I mean, Harold, available at Supermarket Checkout Contours Everywhere. And we're finally in the rest room. Oh, good any break. Hey, I got good news for you. The Harold's starting tomorrow. They're going to be publishing all the editions only in Espanol. That's the great news. Oh! And it's a bug time. For what a bunch of assholes in this town, you know? Man, I can't get out of here soon enough. The pandering that goes on, I've always said they've got a full-time staff at Carropark years of an air-taker because they're bending over back with so bad. Pandering to people who hate them, who won't read their newspaper anyway. We'll get to it. Front page in their paper today, they've got to stir on the front page. A story that nooo, buddy, who speaks English gives a crap about. Nobody. But don't confuse them with the facts. Just like don't confuse Tom Jickle with the facts. Here's the scene that Tom's got another generic story about some network TV show that he's critiquing again. See, if you're in Geneva, New York, if you're in Shiborgan, Wisconsin, if you're in Sacramento, California, if you're in El Paso, Texas, it doesn't make any difference because anybody can write those stories. You know what I'm saying? It's all the same networks, right? So he could be doing a show from Amsterdam or Uranus or the Milky Way or wherever it would make any difference because it's all the same crap. There's nothing local or nothing about what's happening in local TV, and certainly nothing about what's happened in local radio. And the Sun Sentinel did discover that Micronary passed away, which I don't want to spend any more time on that. And thanks for a lot of good calls we had yesterday. Showed a little bit of respect anyway. But it's on the obituary page not written by Tom Jickle by Peter Bernard. And it's pretty much with a little picture I'll say that much, but pretty much the same thing the Harold had yesterday would like one sentence at it. So I get the feeling that they've just stole the story right straight over the hair hole and you know, put one other thing in there. It's just amazing, the crap that I don't know why I'm amazed because I shouldn't be. At least this town of nothing else is consistent, much of bush-leaders continue to do bush-league work. Here's the poll result from yesterday which goes to show you that there's a tremendous interest in WXDJ, which is that front page story in a Harold. They got a vote. Out of 914 votes we asked what's the best FM station in South Florida. 914 votes, 515 said they all suck. 56.3% of you said they all suck. That's totally correct. Is my analisation of your response, you right? That's what I voted. They all suck with a capital S. WLRN, pubic radio, got number one with 83 votes. With our intellectual crowd out there. But he's working about. We got intellectual trend monkeys. Man, listen, listen, listen, one. By the way, Clarence, don't come in here and ask me any questions about stuff that has to do with what's on a preceding show. We don't listen. If word for Carlos's spy report about that silly play by playcrap, I wouldn't even know what Charlie was talking about. I got my music, baby. My music on CDs. You're smoking. In fact, I got him in the car this morning in the garage. Started up the engine in the radio. It was on, of course, on 560 WQAM. Oh, right. And the first thing I heard was about Kerry Collins played a great game on Sunday. And I popped in the CD and that was the end of that. That's all I heard. So, Clarence, I know you've been away for quite a while and you were out there in Vegas hoping to get laid, which I'm sure you did not. But he never even made a comment about him in the Beast Bonding out there. He says it was like, going to be the next version of La Cajja Foulds. Beast told me he got to see Clarence's ass. Did he really? Well, he said he would have seen his penis too, because they were both naked. Like, you know, getting changed in the room. He would have seen it, but he said his eyesight isn't that good. So, Clarence, you're a good guy, but just keep the checks coming and stick with stuff you know about, which has nothing to do with programming, okay? Because we are like, could, in fact, you know, something this station is like a good reflection of this community. Remember what I said before the show today? This town, the theme song for South Florida. For dating, especially Dave County, but Dave and Broward now, because it's everywhere. It's spreading like a disease. The theme song ought to be two different worlds. Now, only unless you're an old fart, I've had your book or Brian remembers that. So, if you're a James Morgan and Roger Williams at the piano, tinkling away, never Roger Williams with the big flourishes on the piano, do you really? I'm surprised. That was on cap records. And we were a captive audience when we were kids. It could have been a lot of channels. The cap records, it was fast a nation, Jane Morgan. She always seemed kind of ducky to me. Although, I'm confused now with JP Morgan, who was a dyke. Remember JP Morgan, for God's sake? Oh, yeah. What does she, she was a member of the CIA, too, not the fucking bearers. So anyway, two different worlds ought to be the theme because there's like this front page thing in the hero today. We've got, we've got unlike any other city that I've ever seen. Like Turbano is a good example. I live there part of the year. And there are certainly much more diverse ethnic populations in Turbano than there will be here. Enormous numbers of people from Pakistan and India and China and a you name it. All over the world. I mean, enormous numbers of them. Not too many speaks though thankfully, but nevertheless, no really, there aren't. There's like, you know, little, little Havana, little, a little speaker, whatever you would call it, is like about a half a block on our more street. We're not there all here. They, that's true. I never thought about that. That's why we don't have any Chinese people. They're all in the LA, Vancouver, and Turbano. That's why we got about 15 Chinese people here. Unfortunately, we got all you, well, two different worlds in the same thing on this radio station. We've got whatever's going on here before nine. And then we have, and then whatever is going on after one. And then us. It's exactly how this radio station operates. And then us little disappointed yesterday. My close personal friend, the mad dog. I would have thought we'd loaned in that cart, which I'm sure that they couldn't play because they don't have a cart machine. But you would think that a guy that worked in the he worked with a literary for many years over there. Yes, would have had a little bit more of a say than a very tasteless comment about we, he and I both thought that Mike was older than 60. I thought, I thought that was a little weak, mad dog. But then we got to get to those ball games. Maybe let's get to the ball games. And what are we going to do? Jim, what are we going to do? Aren't we cursed to be here with these choking dogs? Oh, and you'll be very pleased. And oh, both papers play it up big time after all the crocodile tears that are being shed yesterday about poor McGay he. Well, this McGay he had a two and a half million dollar insurance policy. So worst comes to worsen is knee that they just operated on. Doesn't get picked up enough room to go and play in the NFL. He's got two and a half million insurance there, which is not nearly what he'd making the NFL. He'd make more than that each year for many years. You'd hope for heat hope, but at any rate, at least you want to have minute, we should probably sued some people's history out there, calm down a little bit. 914 votes, at least when I stopped taking a pool, oh, look at this. Well, I don't, we don't have time. Well, you know, as soon as the from like about eight o'clock on, when these people wake up, then they start logging out of the aridgers.com and they've written like crazy. You can log on by the way. We've got a lot of good bedtime stories on there today. We also have that book, blinded by the right David Brock. Lots of good stuff on there, and your rogers.com. You might want to check it out. Okay, the price is right if you have a computer and hopefully your computer works faster than most of the ones that we have. They all suck 515 WLRA 83 and then when we get to the music stations that I use that term music very loosely, WBG 59. Now, see, it's hard to really determine what that means because, uh, you know, Howard's on and a morning on big and other than that, they play crappy what they call classic rock the rest of the day, but so we don't really know. I'm sure that Howard must have some impact. The real Howard. Zeta 56. So classic rock has got like numbers one and two as far as music's concern. Magic. Ricky ticking called in yesterday. Thanks Rick 53 votes for magic, which is shocking. Must have a lot of people out there who like build me up buttercup by the foundations and the righteous brothers. Seriously, I can't, well, don't even start. Stop me, cut me off into past when I stop with it. No, I mean, see, it's the shock of being actually back physically in this community, which is not a good thing. It's a bad thing. I think the show is a lot better when I'm not here because at least my mind is clear. My whole, I'm dealing with a life of clarity as opposed to being here and like, uh, all muddled by the crap that goes on around you here. You're certainly perky year when you're up there. Am I really? Oh yeah, bubbly. Prevest in. What, what does that mean? I thought I'm pretty perky right here. Shipper. You're all pissy when you're in the, oh. Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha. Well, that's why they like it. Kiss had 28 votes. Kiss this? Mo. WEDR had 20. That's surprising to me 20, because it's only a bunch of punks, not just the charges by the wet what? How old do you think is like the limit for EDR? The upper limit? 25? The last one was the last one. The last one was the last one. The last one was the last one. The last one was the last one. The last one was the last one. The last one was the last one. The last one was the last one. The last one was the last one. The last one was the last one. The last one was the last one. The last one was the last one. The last one was the last one. The last one was the last one. The last one was the last one. The last one was the last one. The last one was the last one. The last one was the last one. The last one was the last one. The last one was the last one. The last one was the last one. The last one was the last one. The last one was the last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last two. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The Last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. I'll give you aMatron. you'll want. What is it? Friday or Saturday? And they also have one full-time radio writer who doesn't write about radio English language radio, but about Spanish language radio. And if your name ends with a Z, they keep throwing it on your front line. I see. 12 minutes past nine at five, 60 WQA. I'm happy Tuesday. We'll try to be a little perky here for you today. A little perky here for you. Have you ever imprisoned with an opportunity when you should have put a widow or done something but didn't do it. Well, there's an incredible fan-y-main mortgage rate out there. It's three-point. I thought when you got that contract and you didn't sign it. I thought that was an excellent example of this. When you got that offer and then you said, well, I'd like a little bit more than that. Is anything happens since then? No. Well, there's an incredible fan-y-main mortgage rate out there at 3.45 percent and this rates available by calling financial group toll free at 1-800-940-5363. If you were to compare a 7% rate with 3.45 percent, you'd save yourself $3,500 in the first year alone for $300,000 that you owe $100,000 only $447 a month. This is an opportunity that won't last it's a 40-year low. So if you're thinking about refinancing or purchasing a home-calf financial group toll free, 1-800-9405363. The process is simple and the call is free 1-800-940-L-END. Financial group has been an equal housing lender to thousands of borrowers with a fan-y-main program. Credit restrictions do apply and rates of something to change if you delay 5.34 APR. Financial group today at 1-800-940-L-END. Rye and local, we're sports-winny-L-56-C-C-Y-M. Howard David's a bitch. This fall, CBS launches a CSI spin-off that resurrects the careers of a couple of former NYPD blue actors to form a hot new show that's almost unique under itself. If reducing NYPD, CSI blue, Miami. David Coruso plays a forensic investigator who pokes around at bodies even more dead than his movie career. You know, you never get used to looking at dead bodies. Like when I had to look at Dennis Franz's fair but, NYPD, CSI blue Miami with Kim Delaney as his top-but vulnerable partner in crime, seen investigation. Every time I look at his corpse, it reminds me of when I lost my NYPD blue husband, that Jimmy Smith's hook on. Hi, Muff. It's a NY16-boy dead door sure shut real fast, isn't it? Well, that's what happens when he comes soldering in here in the middle of the show. We just can't stop the show just so you and I can bond for like 30 seconds. I sweater by the way, look how sloppy he's dressed in here today. Look at Carlos look what a slob he looks like with that sweatshirt derived god. You better butcher up a little bit you guys, okay? You better get the dress code improved your dress for success. That's the motto here in 2003 at WQM. Dress for success, god dammit. Isn't it? No. No. Okay, here's the new pool. Let's get this new pool up in a while. Let's not waste a lot of time like we did yesterday. And all of let's you all make you understand what material is because we have most of our people in Broward and certainly all of the people in Palm Beach. They don't get the hurl they don't want to know from the hero and there are a lot of people in data as well. Hate it even worse than I do. What's your take on the Miami Herald is our pool today? Now I've got five excellent choices. It's a great newspaper. It sucks. It panders so much it should be entirely in Spanish. It's the best of a sorry lot in South Florida or there are a bunch of virulent anti-Semites. That's your five choices on the Miami Herald and their staff, okay? What are you smoking about? No, you always say that but I don't know where it comes from. It comes from the fact that the night family were members of the one of the exclusive clubs on the beach. Oh and we're known as notorious anti-Semite. I see. And it's also known for the fact that as you look back over the years and even currently the number of Jews working at the Miami Herald other than in Bob Ruben. And you notice you don't see Bob Ruben's column anymore since they discovered he was Jewish and my good friend Howard Kleinberg Howard had a contract with the Miami news I guess that he was like factored in for life. So the editor was Jewish. The editor, the Herald is Jewish or whoever's some one of the lucky mugs. What does that mean? I don't know. That's like saying that Alice Rand tells a fag. I mean, so what is that through? Huh? I was gonna say somebody else but I don't want to get Miss Grudgell Ben out of shape again. Yeah, should be. It should be out there looking comes things out for us as again. What's your take on the Miami Herald is our poll question today? It's a... That's where the whole blue dress came from. That's when I heard him caring on with the end and what's your name on Friday? Culture? It's a great news paper. It sucks. It panders so much who should be entirely in Spanish. In Espanol It panders like I said. It's the best of a sorry lot in South Florida or there were a bunch of virulent anti-Semites. You've never heard that before? Yeah from you. Well, well, what did I have to you care? Okay, in fact, you're probably George just as the society's gonna subscribe to the Herald. Yeah, but you say that about everything in everybody. No, I do not. You and the Herald, that's only who else? I said that about your mom. Is it anti-Semite? No, I said she's anti-human. Subhuman. Spoiled ruin my little dog. The poor guys made it for 14 years plus now. Been doing pretty well except he needed that cataract surgery, but now we got another problem that he would after spending seven days with her alone in my house. When everybody was on vacation, now the little dog won't eat dog food. Only people food. Goes to his bowl. He looks at it. He turns up his nose and gives you a look like Fah like that. Like who the hell are you kidna? Where's the better offer? Yeah, that's right. He's lost two pounds, of course, which wouldn't be a lot. He's on unbalanced for life. Thanks to my mother. Bitch. I told her very specifically, only feeding the stuff into can. He won't eat a thing, which is cold for. I'm feeding him Airby Polycrapt that I can find. Whatever I'm eating, which is a lot. This is a woman who every week when I go over there for lunch, including today, has got a big song to dance about how fat I am. As she sits there and it's here looking at me and my puppet. I, oh, what a shaking her air like. You know, in the meantime, she's as big as a cow. Eating chocolate handover fist all the time. Drinks soda with sugar when it don't even make an attempted rate diet soda. What's sugar when it because she don't like diet soda? Fat. Good genes. That's her whole deal. She's got the good lucky genes. Oh, and by the way, they see it in and the newsmeat of discovered that being fat takes years off your life. One of the discovery, huh? Wow. Seriously, you wonder why America is so intellectually constipated? It's kind of like a chicken and the egg thing, you know, which came first. But they sure are feeding it because that's what they perceive to be the mentality out there. So they deal with the public like we're all a bunch of four-year-old kids. Oh, being fat cuts. One year off your life and being extremely obese can cut the above above above and smoking also does this. No Schmidt, huh? No kidding. Wow. What an educational bunch of crap we get on our TV sets. No wonder I love my super digital cable up there to write a word. Get it really a bunch of stuff that I want to see. Man, alive. Here's a facts from DJ Valentine where with our lettuce. Are we supposed to know who he is? He said the chronic facts? No, all sides of the facts. Says, hey Neil, you said you weren't listening. I was not. But, uh, guilty said something could be a classic drop. He and Mo were play fighting. It says. Then interesting low line. They were play fighting. Like slot fighting. Yeah, like S-lapin. Mo said, don't get testy and guilty said, I am a little testy. Then they're pissed my pants. It was almost like they were giving a to you. The drop that is. Love the show. The crow sucks. The DJ Valentine. Well, thank you so much, DJ, whoever you are. I am a little testy. We'll have to get that. A little crack licker also guilty. Crack licker. He likes to lick that brown crack. Hey, listen if it'll save his jump. Well, what are you human. Oh, look like that. That's what it is. That's exactly what it is. Ten times a day since you got back. Because for your benefits is you're either ass eating is your speciality as they say. And I know the brits I guess say that's speciality. What? Don't give me a stare. With a lick. You know something lately. I don't know what it is. But I can say like two words and I could just go off on it and do like 10 hours on it. God, almighty. Let's take a call from them because we got so much crap here. Here's temper of pines, hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay. I have to agree with you that the two papers can't hear. Probably the sorry papers. I've ever read and I've looked at it like New York and Chicago and LA and Washington. Yeah, which has fabulous newspaper. I mean, this is proof again that anybody who claims this is a world-class city or a major market has got to be on acid. But I do have to defend the herald as the better of the two. For the simple reason is just as you pointed out the story about Reneri, which I saw in yesterday's herald. Right. Today, you almost worked to work. Then yeah. At the first time it happened. That's almost weekly. At there. You can see that in the sense of. You see, Tom Jick is too much of a lazy little trump to be doing his work. Okay, because he should have written that it shouldn't be in the obit page alone. It should also be. There should be a thing on the uh... There's a front page story for a little bit of a front page front page. There could be like a little blurb like they often do and see more inside and living today's section and then the living today or whatever by the radio TV. That's where there ought to be a column. But Tom Jick is basically lazy when my former boss Dick Casper was probably the radio genius of them all in this market of all time. When he passed away, Tom Jick couldn't be bothered writing a piece on him because uh... well, he might have had to do a little research because he wasn't here when Dick was here. So he didn't know anything about him. So instead of like talking to me or talking to some other people in a radio business, he just ignored it. That's all. Lazy lazy lazy mother scratch your Tom. You make me sick. He's making up his letters for the weekend uh... addition. Yeah, that's right. He keep it up. I enjoy your show. Have a great day. Have a great day. Have a great time, Jick. Yeah, he really frost my ass. And I shouldn't take on him alone. But the fact is, here's a guy that pretends to be like uh... you know somebody that knows something. You know besides how to belch on the air when he's a guest. But all he does is write a generic stuff about the network shows when like I said if it wasn't disconnected, if it was in Utica, it could be the same stuff. That's nothing to do with here. And he thinks I'm out of touch because I'm not here. Here all the time touch this, Tom. Okay. Go touch your ballspot. Maybe we can get him a uh... we can get him a trade out for a line of those beautiful pieces like Moe Wairs. You know, we can one for each day. Maybe that'll put a new altitude on that bolt head of geek. He's probably too busy out there turn up tickets at Gulfstream is what times do one. You know, out there's shoes in with Hank and Eddie K in our sports. Our, the general gambling crowd. Sorry Hank. Oh Hank is in the studio. They got managed. It's Shula's in one. Hank is in the studio. The Humper. They're being here from 3 to 7 and now that football season is over, look out. You know what I mean? Because now the poor Humper has got four solid hours in there. You can't know Rob Conrad, no net more than that. That's all gone. For many months to come. So now he's going to have to put his nose to the grindstone and really do something in there. Well, I know what he's smirking about. We love him. We love him. Of course. Oh, you're not smiling. You're giving that sarcastic, you know. 7 and 930 now we got the hurt cones at West Virginia. I assume that's basketball since I'm not playing football no more after Friday and they're not playing hockey. So we have to assume let's say a hurricane basketball game at West Virginia. Eddie K after the basketball game. And you'll mark over and I guess they're not really that good this year. The basketball team uh they did win and they knew arena the other night. But uh I guess Carlos said they suck. They didn't say that. He said they're mediocre. This is this should make you feel very reassured. I mean it's one thing about the clone story. And by the way, you'll be placed in the L. Let's see. And finally is discovery that maybe just maybe they've been ahead that this whole clone a thing. The railions. It just might be a bloop bloop bloop bloop bloop bloop. Just might be a hoax. Wow. Boy, you guys are sharp. Sure. You can't pull one over on you. I think I'm going to call up the news editors at CNN and I'm going to tell my clone my little dog. I've got 10 timies. You can say that you cloned yourself and that is the clone is the little dog. Speaking of guilty by the way, no he reminds me of I was thinking after I read that facts. He reminds me of like a Jewish John Holmes. Okay, you see what I'm saying? Yeah. In other words, an ugly guy with a huge penis. I mean that's it's just not very appealing. For the life of me, I never understood other than John Holmes should have been in a freak show. What was the appeal from him? He says he had that huge penis. I agree. You can very ugly guy. Oh, hits, craters. Oh, he's. Well, he still did. Anyway, here's that story. FBI alert for five men reportedly based on a hoax. Oh, no, that can't be another hoax. Kind of like our station here. The FBI's concluded the information that led to the hunt for five men thought to have entered the West illegally on Christmas Eve was fabricated by an informant ABC news report yesterday. Signing unnamed sources to report said the informant identified as Michael John Hammett had a Hamdani. Hamdani and Jimmy. Who was arrested in Canada made up the story about 19 men and saw false passport that intent to get himself off the hook on criminal charges where he was facing in the US. Can get me off the hook time for a time sake. Can't do it, pali. According to these story investigators originally got well, it goes on about it's a crap in the FBI decline comet of course because they got egg on their foot just like the mass media. Here's all the pictures we saw in the meantime. There's a 19 men. Here's five of them beyond the lookout. Even now president they remember down there in Crawford, Texas was open enough a big mouth and his pick-up truck with his Texas 10-yel and hat. And we want to find him. We want to talk to him. We have no idea who they are. Well guess what, it's all a bunch of crap. It's all a pile of crap so rest at ease. Because your government's got everything, but under control. 928 at 560 WQM kick off the new year with a new mattress and dowel mattress give yourself a present for your back and your body. If you haven't been sleeping well lately, nothing I have a bigger impact on the way you feel I mean in a good night sleep. It's time for that new year's resolution a great night sleep every night tonight and the forever. Call 1800 mATT-RES right now and dowel mattress will have you sleeping like a baby all year long. Now dowel mattress carries only no off-brands only the top makers in the mattress business. They got silly, certissiveness cancue every size and style. And when you call 1800 mattress you'll talk to an expert bed and consult or recommend the perfect bed for you and your back. Not some shlumpers a phone operator. They have exactly what you want in stock ready to deliver. No phony sales, no bait and switch, like the department stores. When you order from dowel mattress they'll have it there when you want. When it's convenient for you to choose the date and time, dowel mattress prides itself on their 99% on time record which is just one of the many reasons, whether ranked first in the world for overall customer satisfaction. So do what my gel is doing, do what George did, do what I'm doing, sleep on a great new mattress from dowel mattress and give you back like I said, a gift for life. Enjoy the new year with that special somebody or all by yourself. I made it with your little dog with a new mattress from dowel mattress called 1800 MATT-RES or maybe with the beast like Josh did out there in Tempe. They did tell me this one is slept in a king size bed. Call 1800 MATT-RES that's 1800 mattress for dowel mattress. The perfect way to start off the new year. I made it guys. The way you act job well. I made it a wealthy know or grows aside birds or somebody else's clothes. I made it a little creepy. I'm dead and I know that. I used a white job I could. I'll lose in this day. Went to Grace Lion's sit mom and the wash. Came to visit me to meet him up to. I'll miss out 934 or 560 WDQM happy Tuesday to you. It's interesting. Remember Torst Radford was in here. Our little bald head is for our arrest off and running back. He's that's a little. I asked him specifically because that spots coming up next and he was like, why don't a lot of here he was going to do this. He was going to do that. I just you just wait till we get to that spot. Because this is like an act of defiance is almost what it is not by the saleshold but by the client. That's the best part. Hey Troi over there at Pounds for Life. You know the food is delicious this time. I appreciate it very much but it'll be nice to get that menu to fill out like everybody else does. Like we say in the spot that would be number one and it would also be nice if you'd make up your mind is it's fat boy or is it the beast or is it both the bottom? Are you not getting food anymore? Nope. Good. You don't need it. That's fine. No. But quit snoring. Quit running a muscle in on everybody else's freebies. Okay. Those poor bastards. They don't get all the freebies like you do. I was getting the freebies before they were. And it's a damn good thing they don't get the freebies because if those two guys were getting free meals like we can all the time, God only knows they need balance for walking. Well, we got one of them already does. Yeah balance for getting on the sack. What? I still can't get over that ass. I it may Jennifer Lopez look like Miss Twigie is what I can't get over that. Good. That's right. Good. Golly Miss Molly. What a gigantic ass. 46 votes on a poll already. It just popped up. There were only moments ago. What's your take on the Miami-Herald 46 votes? It's a great newspaper. Zero. I'm starting from the bottom. It's a great newspaper. Zero. There were a bunch of virulent anti-Semites. Five. It's the best of a sorry lot in South Florida and Yine. It panders so much it should be entirely in Spanish's time for first with its sucks 16 and to prove to you about that thing about pandering. Now if you disagree I'll be more than happy to listen but I don't think there'll be too much disagreement especially in this crowd. WSDJ real fast tummy word is on the dial on the FM dial. What's the frequency? I don't know talking to me. Carlos. So we got two specs in there. They can't tell me where WSDJ is on the dial. L-Soul. A Spanish language salsa station. I hear a few listen too much. It gives you hemorrhage. A lot of paprika with those blue chips. I don't like salsa period to be honest with it gives you a guise of the green apple quick step. Puleo like salsa. That's 8.3. No, it's not. Wrong. He said. That's what our engineers said. Wrong. Wrong. 95.7. L-Soul. Yeah. Look how red his faces man. Our engineer. Our crack engineer. I think a little too much crack. You didn't hear where he said. What do you say? I had the mic open but what did he say? He says he doesn't give up. F. S. Oh, I say when I that small potatoes you think I thought maybe he said didn't even f-u. See? So anyway 95.7 is where I'll WSDJ which got one voting our survey yesterday. This is very timely. Congratulations at the Harold for being here. If nothing else very timely. On the front page. No color ID. Chavez falls for Castro print call and here's a picture of Enrique Santos co-host of El Vasilone de La Maniana. I just practical joke on Hugo Chavez. We still can't believe he. What are what are? I'll be guy. He is. He makes me look lovely. Hugo? Yeah. You ever see him though? You don't want to. Man. What is it? Talk about I got like a pig face. And then over the other side of these big article at Continues and Page 8 with a huge huge picture of Eneswailland President Hugo Chavez on horseback. He looks like a movie actor. He's a really striking he makes a striking presence. A Bella Figuera. Huh? And on the other side of the headline here is a picture of these two bosos, DJs, Joe Ferro and Enrique Santos don't for playing outrageous pranks on a year. On a station that nobody who reads the Harold lessons to, that's the best part. And about how they called up Venezuela and President Hugo Chavez. They got him believe he was talking to Fidel Castro and did you get my letter and no I did not. And by course I did. etc. And this whole conversation allegedly went on. Error did go on and then they hung up. As Santos launched into a tire-ray terrorist animal murderer and a few choice four letter nouns, you're finishing off the Venezuelan people and then hung up on him. Now, you know radio pranks if it was like something major, something gigantic happened in the community. I could understand maybe like a blurb about it on a front page with like the full story inside, you know, on the radio and TV page, sex at a church or something like that. Which at least that was amusing is how, you know, those poor guys won't see them no more. Rose the name is Ren and Stimpy. But anyway, here's this thing on the front page of the Harold and you won't stop doing it. You don't understand. And of course, see this is what it's like. F.P. and Ellen the Bell South. What do they care? Don't do whatever to how they want because they got them an Apple anyway. Right. One newspaper a day. There's no more money. News long since gone. One newspaper and Broward and the Palm Beach post for whatever it's worth, which isn't too often much. And that's it. That's it. Take it or leave it. But since they have a Spanish language version, why not make a big deal there. Yeah. I'm sure they did some other news for other people on the you mean there is other news. Oh, on the sides, L. Zoll 95.7 and their morning show with a prank that they played a practical joke that's so important. It's on the front page of the Harold a station that nobody who speaks English knows where to find out the doubt or listens to or gives a flying thing about. But like I said, I can sit here and get all his hysterical from not only at a time. I'm not going to change anything in this town. They got they got you by the balls if you want to read a newspaper unless you want to go online do a little bit of work, which is very easy if you have a computer and much much more productive. You'll notice that my bedtime stories during the days when I was heavy duty bedtime stories, whatever stuff I got today, other than when it's a local thing like Mike Dying or whatever, but but other than that 99% of it is not from the Harold of the Sun Channel. Because what the hell have they got? What is their their reading there? What have they got? What is there? How are you going to get your fingers all black? What the可 that is true? It works very well. It's the especially the Harold of the English Spears like crazy. 567560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. We have two different worlds in South Florida, ladies and gentlemen, and one of the reasons and spite of all their hysteria and all of their angst. One of the reasons that we had this tremendous split, this ethnic split that exist in this community is because of assholes like the people who published the Miami Harold. Who continue pandering and pandering and pandering to people who refuse to participate in the rest of our world. Who are militant about it? Yeah, that's right. That's the you should see to look at your hat like that. That's right. That's exactly the look and the sound. Militant. And they encourage it and then they turn around on the editorial page. Oh, whoa is us. Whoa, was us. Why do we have all this ethnic strife and we're trying so hard to get the people together above above above. Yeah, right. You're full of crap. You're divisive. You're full of garbage. And most people out there most self-respecting people would even wrap their garbage. You news paper. That's how that's how I've haunted. Although we do have one vote that it's a great newspaper probably Bob Ruben trying to save his job. 567560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Living so much of the time in Toronto, we really need to run a son, which is a very right way newspaper by the way, but I don't need it for their editorial views, but a great newspaper in other respects. And the Toronto star, which is yeah, come see come sounds okay. But reading like real almost real newspapers and then coming back and look at a dis-smit. It's enough to make me wonder what to let's all about. It's wrong with you people. 942 at 560 WQA and Summers over and of course our good friend Troy over balance for life would like to help you lose some weight. No more of occasions, no more BS, no more of those barbecues. Now's the time to get your body in shape. And the people at CNN have discovered amazingly Dr. Reckon's was on with a good friend Larry last night. Well, I'm interested in those. And uh, although I didn't see it. Thank goodness. I was at the track lose my money. But the bottom line to the whole deal is that fat cuts years off your life. Now if you're one of those people that can't follow the icons of these other dyes because you're weaker because you can't count calories or carbohydrates and because you don't want to go shopping and do all these things. Let balance for like do all these things for you. Because they deliver right to your door a little black sack every day. It may not sound all the exciting but once you're unzip it and the sack too. Inside there are five meals, three gourmet meals and two snacks. And by the time you know there are some days when you will be able to eat all the food you got really have to do it because that's the key to the old deal, the zone diet. But there's plenty in there to keep you full all day long. Everything is fresh and delicious and you, unlike me, you get to choose between two alternatives for each one of the meals every day you're on a program. Unlike me who just gets whatever they decide to send because choice and asshole, okay? To raise a smuck. With two little earrings by the way, he wears two earrings. He doesn't touch the food don't worry. So anyway, if you want to lose the weights successfully, if you're tired of trying all the other fat dyes that don't work if you want stuff that's really fresh and delicious as opposed to the stuff in those little stupid boxes or cans, here's the answer for you. Call balance for life and the beast and the fat boy are fighting it out. For who's gonna lose the most weight now, is not the way we're going to do it? I guess because we don't know. Call balance for life at this number 954 5683229. We'd like to have some menus over here. Troy, you jackass? Call balance for life at 954 5683229 or visit their most prestigious website at balanceforlife.com. And what's the matter, pal? Prozac now working. Lithium just doesn't seem to do it for you anymore. Are you unable to cope? Then you need to talk to your doctor about new fuck it all. It laws coming for the holidays. Fuck it all. Was riding you again? Fuck it all. Why being a pain in the ass? Fuck it all. Fuck it all has been prescribed in Europe for years and thanks to a loophole and FDA regulations is now available in the good old US of A. Patients using fuck it all should be aware of the following side effects. I need this on my desk by 7 o'clock. Test came back positive. I'm pregnant. Just reach for that little blue bottle and say, fuck it all. Exactly, that's why I'm ready to say right now because there's not a single call on the board. This is the way we start to new year. Yesterday was pretty marginal at best. I mean it was worked out okay, but this is just a disgrace. This is a scandal in the history of my life. There's not one call on this board. We took one. Heck I was okay. It was pretty good. I guess I shouldn't push it after him. He was okay. 567 0560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line a disgrace to the human race. That's off Florida. What is wrong with you people? 93 votes on a poll. What's your take on a hero that's a great newspaper for? There are a bunch of virulent anti-Semites eight. It's the best of a sorry bunch in South Florida 20. It sucks 30. It panders so much it should be entirely in Spanish 31. Okay, but leading the way. That was my vote. That was absolutely my vote. I think if you ought to print the whole goddamn paper in Spanish, stop pretending okay over there. There, do you know care about the rest of us who don't pick up a penny? You don't care about us. All you care about is pandering to the old farts done every day in county. Armando, could you erase all that all that crowd? The Gonzales family. All of these misfits. Coconut Creek, hello. Here's a call from Boca. Hello. Neil, how are you doing? Okay. Hey, the other day I was watching TV and I know how much you sit in the past that you liked. Elizabeth Montgomery. Yeah. Well, in the 70s, you know, O.J. made movies like the late 70s and the early 80s. Well, she's in a movie with him called a killing affair where she's a cop and he plays the part of her psychic and they have an affair together while they're in this movie together. So, aesthetically disgusting. And I thought you might want to know that she was in a movie with O.J. Well, my daycare, my day continues on a saying note. That's terrific. No wonder she died. Okay. Thanks for the good news. See these people at least people bring you down. They drag you down. That's the trouble with this town. This town, in fact, you know something, I'm going to, I'm going to take up a bunch of billboards. And it's all it's going to say is this town brings you down. Because it's true. You could feel like on top of the world which have been for quite some time now. Thank you. Except for my little sore throat that I had there. Thanks again, by the way, Moses. He sued my sore throat. And you come here and he's people are so depressing. So did he? Or did you hear what most said? And all this other crap, depressing. More, but I can understand you're here. I, you know, I can relate. But God Almighty, lighten up a little bit. Okay, life is more than just losing a couple of ball games. And because those Montgomery made a movie with, you know, they got OJ. They got to put up with him being here. We have a hell of a lot of damn things to overcome here. And all those people I was just talking about, to refuse to speak at English. And a hero which continues, panicking, slapping you in the face. It's a, you know what they have to do. Everybody out there who speaks English as their primary language. When the paper boy delivers your paper, everyone, he should ring the doorbell when you come to the door. He should take the paper and not just hand it to you, but slap you in the face with it. Yeah, that's right. So I'm slapping us in the faces what you're doing. What a god they might be here old. Did anybody call who knows who these guys are? No, who knows about W, what is it? S D J. No, who listens to that show? No, who reads the Harold? No. No, no, seriously. What, what choice have they got? No wonder people here don't read a freaking newspaper. The choice they've got. You want to know why? They don't read a newspaper because we don't have one. There you go. 567560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. And you show me a market of this size without a real meaty newspaper without a real newspaper. And I'll show you real bush league town. Not a world class city. World class my ass. In fact, that would be on the bottom of my billboards. This time brings you down underneath in a somewhat smaller print world class my ass. The several isolation points at the end of it. Bring you down. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Dale. Yes sir. Hey buddy. I'm going to bring you down. Okay. You know how you are getting complaints on the moe bits. See these when you order them online. I had no problem man. I ordered one a few weeks ago. And after I ordered it two days later, I got to think. Excellent. Well, that's because we're on top of it now. Boy, I've bitched these bastards out. And now we're on top of it. They're in fact they're sending them out even before you order it. I'm telling you man. It's awesome. It's awesome. And yesterday was listening to Joyce Kaufman. She had why? Oh, this is a joke. It must have been a bad just see here we go again. This guy's bringing me down even after you started with something good. And now you're bringing me down. Joyce Kaufman. You sound like one of those like light bulb talk show groupies. Yeah, but she had a lot of praise for you yesterday. Well, well, well, well, well, well, what? Just that you're a great professional broadcast. Well, she's not. I know. I know that. She's now Joyce Kaufman. Go sell furniture at bird islands or something. Joyce has got out of my face. Oh, these talk show groupies. I'm leaving. I can't handle. I'm done. I'm going back to Toronto. I can't handle this. They'll still be calling. I don't make any difference. Because I'll be in a better mood because I look out the window. I'll see that I'm not here. You have no idea psychologically what an enormous difference that makes. What an gigantic difference that makes. Because sitting in this here, I know that this guy that I just spoke to is not that far away. No matter where it is, he's somewhere. He's lurking. He's a talk show groupie who listens to Joyce Kaufman, light bulb light. Is what this guy's talking about. He probably even listens to the normal can't hour between eight and nine. And by the way, Norm, you are so lame and so weak. So weak. When I think of a billboards and all the other lies and the stuff that this company doesn't do. And then he then he calls me. I never even quoted this. He called me on Sunday to ask me did you get your contract yet from Greg? And I've already told him I don't want to get involved in that. I don't want to know from him. He needs to talk to you about it. He and you want to know why he really called me? Take it's personal because it's active the first of the year and you know what happens at the beginning of each year? Oh, he gets paid. He gets paid by me by my corporation. That is correct. Well, I got news for a norm. Just cool your heels. Okay, I'll pay what I'm good and ready. He didn't want to say that. He never came out and said that. But that was why he called. See pretend and addition which what have I got to do? What is what money I pay? I have to do with your getting your contract. I'm sure you've got a very generous a very generous stipend that you're going to pass along to him. If he gets the deal done, which he won't react to. Which he won't he? What is it? His standard fee. Whatever that is. Oh, whatever it becomes. Whatever he can squeeze out of you. That's his standard fee. Shame on you, Norma. Shame on you, and another pretender. All these pretenders we got down here. Everybody's a broadcast. We got winning our test. We got Norma. Can't we got Joyce Kaufman? We got Mr. Ego who's a busy fashion. Faggot says a just smashing him. He's got he's got gay voodoo dolls. Yeah, he's the only person in the world. You thought about your heard of those kind dolls. He's got the only legitimately gay dolls that Erwin invented. Yeah, they do eat they hump each other. That's right. If you don't like to lock him up in a lock box, they hump each other. Hubsi don't eat in the middle of the night. That's right. And so he's got little pins. He sticks and I don't want to tell you where he sticks. Back home. That's probably it. Silly people. See, that's another thing about Mike passion away. Yes, they would. I don't want to overdo it, but it it fums me out because here was a guy. And as granted, he was doing old style radio and his audience was getting older. But he was like a real radio person. He was a real broadcast. He actually belonged on a year. Who knew something about how to do a show, what how to get it done. As opposed to all these pretenders down here like Joyce Kaufman. Oh, and then of course, wow, that one who's going to save the world from itself. Oh, and you know what I forgot about her speaking of Randy? Now in Jick's column, which the question answer thing a few weeks ago, and I do have to agree with Tom once for once. Never happened again, Tom. You idiot. Somebody writes a letter about how that Randy went on here. It said the reason that she's not syndicated is because Rush Limbaugh said that if they syndicated her show, he would take his show off WJ and all or whatever that state, whatever it's on a Palm Beach. Now Tom's answer was that she's delusional. That Rush Limbaugh certainly has no idea who she is, which I'm positive is true. But I mean, talk about living in a dream world, Randy. Randy, what is wrong with you, honey? And how come she hasn't saved the world from itself yet? How can we still got those North Koreans and all these other goiams stirring up all this crap? And they're killing each other over in a Middle East still. It's part of the fact that she went on a radio on some 50-watt station. I was going to save the world. It's wrong with you, honey. Although she does have that husband with a technical or penis. Here's Hollywood, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I just saw. He's never seen it yet. He's a good reason why I got the Spanish hero. Yeah. Did I get a deliver from free? And I use it for my dog, so my dog can piss and shit on it. Okay, excellent. It's one of your people, man. One of your people. He said something about life is weird. I'm so Florida, something like that. 560, 560, pound 560 on a AT&T and for wise wireless line. And by the way, done that. Let's call the SPCA. Sounds like cruelty to animals. He's having his dog do its business on a hero. It might just rub off, pal. 129 votes there so far. And only six say it's a great newspaper. What's your take on the Miami-Herald? No pick it in glaze over there, by the way. All pick it up on it. I think that's mandatory work. There are a bunch, and they also have to work via various. There are a bunch of virulent anti-Semite's 10. It's the best of a sorry lot in South Florida, 22. It sucks 38 and it panders so much. It should be entirely in Spanish 53. Yeah, pulling away from the pack. If you want to write up a stuff about some Spanish language radio station pulling a prank, write it an LL-Herald. Not on a front page of what's supposed to be a great American English language newspaper, which it is not. It is neither a great nor English language. Man, best of a cool, man. It's all I can say to you people at the Herald. Assels. 957 at 560 WQM. Hey guys, if you spent 2000 and 2 of whatting mirrors, if you're sick of combing those fewer manning strands over that enormous wall spot on your head, if you try to constantly looking for your baseball cap to cover for your lack of hair, if your tight ear mouth see looking peaceful and off the side of your head and gully laugh in a lot, not the tend to call Charles Alphiari. Charles Alphiari is the best in the business that's how simple it is using the very latest technology. Charlie produces sensational results for those who need a lot or want a little bit more hair, with the most amazing natural hairline available natural looks like real hair, and I can screw it onto your head. In business for over 25 years now, working with the famous and not so famous, everybody gets Charlie's 30-day guarantee. If you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells, Charlie give you a full refund. If you're not getting late at least 15-20 times a day, no problem just bring it back and Charlie give your money back. Call today and take advantage of your $200 Neil Rogers discount. Charlie also services and repairs all types of their systems while you wait for only 25-30 bucks, and usually can make them look a lot better. Look what Charlie did for Bob Eisenberg, which we thought was impossible. He used to wear a dead muskret, now he's got the natural hairline system and looks nearly human. Call tool for you, 1-800-3212413, and get your hair back from Chuck Alphiory. 1-800-3212413 or log onto their website, CharlesAlphiory.com. 5-10-Local, this is 5-16, three years old yours. 1-800-3212, Amanda, I fucking owe! Hey, what's that? Can't tell ya? Why not? Huh, it's a secret new cereal. Why is it a secret? Can't tell ya. Can I have some? Sure, here you go. Mmm, pretty good! Yep, and it's 100% all natural. Wow, every bite tastes different. Yep, and every box hole goes to bent that animal rescue leaks across the country. Rescue leaks? Yeah, yeah, you know, the people who recommend that you get your that's spade and neutered. How does it benefit them? Well, because that's what you're eating. What do you mean? Well, the leftover animal parts. You don't expect them to just throw that stuff away, do ya? What's the name of this cereal? Animal nut clusters. Get out of my way! Wow! Look at that one. Must've been a horse! Hey, you gonna finish that? 10-15-60 WQA, and we got the mad dog at Chulas this afternoon between one of three Hank in the studio between three and seven, a rare treat. You got her a Coons at West Virginia basketball seven or clock after round boy you got any K from GA and Joanne Mark overnight. So how the honeymoon go, okay? Or you haven't had any reports you haven't heard of since they've been down. I'll be damned. Here's the fact this is thank you for the pool. Absolutely agree with you, Pandering Pandering Bullshmid. Just look at the yesterdays from page here in the world. New DS Bullard growing political dynasty by Oscar Correll. I loathed the DS Bullards in their consort Ross Latenin. It says they sure as hell don't represent me. And that's for damn sure they don't represent you and they sure as hell don't represent us. They represent Ali on and he don't even live here. He's busy looking for his happy meal. Of course, for Ellis Visees talking to Hugo Chavez on the phone. I did, I still, I'm just in shock. I'm in shock that a story that nobody could possibly care about who's speaking in English in his town is that not only on a front page, but we can look at the size of the story on page eight. Full picture of Hugo Chavez and all. Of course, all of Venezuela's are probably pissed off about it both of them. Little Joey and whatever the other one is. 567-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon line. Pretty weak response here so far today. It's going to be, uh, we're going to have to play with the audience again. I can see that. Pretty pretty please. Here's date land, hello. Hello, yes. How are you doing, Abadilia? Yes, I'm doing the user. Uh, the two things on the panel. About the parents, we just look back at the, uh, Ali on there. Huh? And on the other, the contribution to the, uh, community, how about their position on the serial game? Yeah, oh yeah, one of us both newspapers, they both suck on that. I mean, you are a serial, you're a serial, you're a, you're a, you're a, you're a, you're a. But the reason they're here all this social side cardigan, about it is because they know that if we had casinos here in this town would like to grow like a mushroom, and they would they'd probably have some competition. So we don't want that. They're terrified of that. Yeah, we don't want plus they have that insistuous relationship with Mickey or us in anyway. It's absolutely. They do. Absolutely correct. But I have a good idea. And you too. And of course, keep in mind that they hurled for all of their protestations and all their, uh, son and answer about Mayor Pinka Picania. The hero loves the fact that remember going to have the new arena downtown. They were going to build all the other stuff that never happened downtown. Remember that with the AAA arena? Yes. Oh, yeah. All of that stuff that was going to be built on there that never, ever happened. The redevelopment of downtown Miami that never, ever happened. And never will happen. Because nobody wants you to go to God damn downtown Miami. But because the Harold building courses conveniently located right down there, and one Harold plays on this game Boulevard as a result, whatever is good for the Harold is good for the community, according to them. Just like the Metro fail that they put over on a public that you can any day you want. Go on a Dixie Highway and sit there in your car and watch those empty trains go in back and forth their lovely. They're beautiful. Hey, they're not empty. They're full of air. They're real quiet. Inside and outside. 560, 750, 5060, pound 560 on the AT&T and the problem with the people here is they're so God damn, they're the third. They sit back and they take it. The only people who ever right letter to the editor are the same 20 goddamn curmudions, the same goofballs. The same old hacks, right in their letters to the editor and then there'll be a letter from your buddy. What's his name? Crazy a goofball about casino gambling. Stay in standby, more timer. Hey, Stan, go get some new skin. Where you get a skin transplant. You think he and PD Lenny came out of the same genetic box? They both have leather for skin. Leather. No, seriously, you ever look at PD Lenny's face and you think yourself immediately shoe leather. Immediately. Show me a picture of his new girlfriend. See, he's another one. He must have something that doesn't immediately meet the eye. There must be was that what it is, cash? I thought maybe like he had a penis or something. Let's hope not. 5670560, pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line. This has those two little kids that he's exploited for all they can get out of him. Oh, I got the two little kids. Will you please do this slackspot? Here's a call for the keys, hello. Hello, how are you doing today, sir? Happy to do your cue. Back to you. Well, what about those newspapers? How about if we have all of the above? Except if the great paper could we make that a choice or if the two legs? Two legs. Oh, well, that's a funny thing. My queen is brothers and sister Rose said it's two legs to turn back now. All right, we get a newspaper here in the Florida Keys called the Key West Citizen. It was a for a long time called the Bullet Rapper. In fact, it still is called that by a few people. Yeah, yeah. That's about it for today, Neil. Okay, thanks. That's about it for today. And I wait till tomorrow. There's going to have some real heavy duty stuff. The Bullet Rapper. I'm leaving. What time is the next day or can it out? 560, 750, 560, pound, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. You're going to be sorry. You're going to be sorry one of these days. When you got George on there and into run until they bring back a, oh, you know who else died? John one hand, didn't he? He did. I think rumor told me that. Was it John one hand or yeah, I think he died? Was there anything in the paper now? I probably shouldn't have said that. Of course, that's the same remember that was on Fox Sports news this morning on our competition. Shame on you. We're all I can understand that because you know the panthers would like to give some coverage somewhere. And since this station, which is the home of the Florida Podcast of the Panthers will give them one second. They got to go on somewhere, you know, and pedal there a crap. Got the big game of the Red Wings tomorrow night. Gonna be there. No, I'll be there. I'll be there. Watching all those front running phony Red Wings fans. Oh, but we'll probably have 5,000 Red Wings fans that are with their Red Wings per Friday on. See, don't bother me if the real Red Wings fans show up, just like me with my Toronto thing on, but we're talking about front running phony's, which this town specializes in, where the best at it, man, jump on the old bandwagon, front running phony's. Unfortunately, they weren't too many bad wagons to jump on. So we got everybody in their brothers like jumping off. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, let's pump those numbers, baby. Let's wait this town up again after George put him into a coma with that eating crack, black crack talk. I don't understand why, why is he grossed out about that, my brown crack. You hear, that's all you ever talk about. It's disease, man. It's disease. It's filthy. It's gross test. It's disgusting. Here's North Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, hi. Happy new year. And back to you. I don't know why anybody would buy you these new papers. The letters to the letters are more informative than the paper itself. The letters suck most of them. Some. If you picked them out, like one of them had a thing that really laid on the line about Bush and his family history, but let's get away from all that. Yeah, let's get away from our place. If you're unhappy about what you read in these papers, which you need to do is do what I do. What is that? You've called up the paper and you can't select why would anybody buy these fake. Why? I don't have the money. Sir, I don't have the luxury of doing that because I do this radio show. If I didn't do this show every day, I would cancel both papers. This instant, if I didn't do this show. Okay, moving right along. Yes. The main thing is this. If people are going to believe what they read in these papers, the sports get it from hang. Just don't buy it. If people didn't buy it, if you weren't happy with the way the election went and they gave the thing to Bush and you're really pissed off about that. What you need to do is, and you know, it was a pay off of the bag job. When you say if people are pissed off, you saw that we had like one was a 39% turned out in November here. Nobody showed up to vote. Those guys talking about if they're pissed off, they talk of good game. Talk is cheap. We're going to come to putting a little bit of effort where their mouth is. They don't do a goddamn thing down here. They never have an in-ever will. Le Tharjick. That's why they were able to steal the election right here in Florida. They knew that this was perfect for the pickins. They had the governor up there with his girlfriend. They had all the right things in place. They had all the Yahoo cops out there to make sure that the Schwarzys couldn't vote as many as possible. And they never ever stop. And so come this last November 5. If there's some kind of a backlash of people are pissed off, I shouldn't see any signs of it. Did you? No. All they had to do was say, Oh, my God, it's going to raise taxes to a paper that, uh, okay. Now the good news is though that Governor Jebster might be pressured in a like, okay, the slots like for the race tracks because he doesn't want to race taxes. Because he has presidential ambition. And he sure don't want to have it be said. They're just like his daddy. He race taxes. We're also the money going to come from. They only have like two or three choices. And that's, uh, and two of the three are unacceptable. Well, why would we just, why don't we just do find that secret plan that he had, you know, when he was talking to those Yahoo's, those crackers up there in Pensacola, maybe we'll find out those devious little plans. He's got to subvertible the public and just dance around that constitutional amendment on class size, huh? He's got devious little plans. And then of course there's that lesbian vote. 560, 0560, pound 560, it brings a tear to my eye to see what goes on in this town in this state. And it's it's me. You see, it's me that I'll just never accept it. I don't know, maybe there's something in my mind that I'm just weak. I'm just stubborn. Can't accept the fact that this is just the way this is. Don't shorten your life over life. It's too god damn sure. Anyway, just go with a flow. Look at this tremendous response we've got here today from all these friendly people in South Florida. Look at all the women calling and to say happy New Year and the Harold sucks or whatever it is, let's talk about bilingualism. If we can get the ghost of any shape or to call back in, is she dead by the way or she just, they just chase her ass out of town on a rail. Well another year has come and gone. It's a new year. You want a new year when you've made all these resolutions for a new this and knew that like a new paint shop for the house, new carpeting, but what about all the money these things cost, all these things? All this new stuff's going to cost you thousands of dollars. The trick is to make something look brand new when it's not. That's why I use dry concepts. When your carpets are really clean, they do look just like brand new and dry concepts is the only service that dry cleans your carpets, grapes expensive area rugs and believe you may your friends will think you replaced your carpeting with brand new stuff. Dry concepts, technicians are schooled and certified by the Institute of Inspection Cleaning and Restoration, they really know their crap and they leave your carpet soar free, vibrant and color and softer to the touch. So don't forget when it's time to clean your carpet, suppulsory leather furniture it's time for the best in the world. I've been using them in my house for over 20 years, dry concepts. Problem with pet orders and milled motors caused by water damage, no problem. Dry concepts will straighten it out for you. Don't get rid of that stench. You'll want to yourself and your carpets to have all the professionals at dry concepts tool free. 1-800-248-5071-1-800-248-5071 are just log on to dryconcepts.com. Don't forget with dry concepts you cleaned today and are tainted on it. Not just a slogan, it's their business. You way M, Finn's done as dirty! They want us to find a way The reimbursing four backfares From 200 years ago when they were played When I only have a mobile home A pitfall in a pinch of snow So if you want to ask them how here what I got us to say You've got to use a bigger demand You're a man who's not a poor slave of the world Yes a bigger demand Okay, if that's where every month and who is dead and called If I was born and they need to Or it's like they've something I do But what we're dead people in do I have to take those blinds We get to an old foreign old man With the can of smelly carry in fact It's dead of 40 acres and a few I have a better way You've got to use a bigger demand We have one on how they fare in Morgan Raymond Who's a bigger demand And have your vision to choose for a slave He's a bigger demand And if you want that desire to force a slave of the world He's got to keep like he's a bigger demand And if that's where every month and who is dead and called 10 16 at 5 60 WM 190 votes What's your take on a hero which It's a great newspaper aid There are much of Earl and End Eye Semites 12 It's the best of a sorry lot in South Florida 35 It sucks 56 It panders so much it should be entirely in Espanu all 79 This facts is crap First of all it was comical to hear Mo and Geldie carry on with the crow thing And you they really seem to be pressing tight as most hairpiece I want to come in on a hero article Although I don't like the paper There's nothing wrong with the article I think it's comical at a local radio station Trish the alleged leader of a country Rather than pandering to his Spanish I think it's okay I don't read ill here or something I wouldn't have seen it otherwise Love you Neil Well you may love me but the fact of the madness You're not going to love what I have to say Because it's not okay That the story is like a major With a full-color picture to be on a front page of the newspaper It's a great call What? It's a great call Why is that big major Front page news? It's on a radio station That nobody who speaks English Listen to If it was on the radio TV page Or if it was on page 4 where they put these cutesy stories You know sure There could have been a little tease for it on a front page And then details on page 4 But spread like this With a color picture It's just more the same It's more it's typical of what they do all the time And like I said before and I'll never I'll never change my tune Because I seem to all the time They rub our noses in it Which is one of many many reasons I'm glad I'm not here more to the ear anymore And I'm tired of getting my nose rubbed And that 560 560 Look at this Very very familiar printing On this facts Who says even as the young child growing up in Broward County I knew the Miami Hill was a disgusting unreadable piece of crap On the other hand the Palm Beach Post happens to be a great paper The Palm Beach Post is not a great paper They have some good articles in there and some good editorial But to say that it's a great paper is like Lathable P.S. You want everyone to be positive when in the last 15 years Or so of you been positive You can probably count it on one hand You know why positive radio equals boring radio Respectfully listener up north Who's a chronic chronic thanks your by the way Whoever this is What did I say on everybody to be positive What did I say that Huh? I don't know, I'm positive I'm positive I didn't say that But to see people get pissed off Not positive, pissed off Care about something Besides early bird dinners and free spaghetti dinners Over 200 people at Papa No Park last night Oh! Line up for the free spaghetti dinner All the yentres were there from when more in cemetery village A wonderful ten palm air A wonderful thing to see You should have seen Dick Little Dick fine, but running around there You thought it was the greatest damn thing Since Mickey McNickle won two races in the same night Which was last night Nice gone Mickey You idiot 567-0560 Pond 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless line Gay fans think Justin Timberlake is the coolest See I could take some more of these calls But they think that I wanted I've been new to show for 100 years And we've been doing these tools now for about four years And when we as soon as we do the pull They think that's the topic that they have to talk about There are many days when we take a pull on something that we don't even ever talk about Like yesterday is a good example Right But they didn't because they have no other material They have nothing else to talk about How about the fact that here the FBI had everybody up at arms 19 of these illegal schmotha heads again And five would pictures on there That they kept putting in front of our face They're here and we don't know what they're up to Or who they are or where they are And it comes to the whole things of hoax Just like the railions in this phony cloning And now we got two clones And it's all a pile of crap Nobody cares about that The people here are oblivious So as far as people being positive No I can't imagine anybody being positive about being here Unless they want to be oblivious I mean this is a perfect place to be in Lala Because this is it Put your barrier ahead deep in a sand like an ostrich And have a smile on your post 24-7 Gay fans think Justin Timberlake is the coolest So it says in the whatever this is the the inquirer So must be true a Justin He sucks Maybe that's why the gay fans like him He sucks Popstar Justin Timberlake is in sync with gay fans He's been voted one of the coolest straight people of 2002 By the gay and lesbian magazine the advocate You know what this reminds me of memory I was talking about freaky Carlos and the Tammy face and things Susan Lucci Cucci Cucci The instinct heart throughout informer boyfriend of Britney Spears I was picked as the publications December cover boy Oh, how sad The magazine singled out the boy band member largely for his open acceptance of his many gay fans And the fat that ignores gay rumors unlike Tom Cruise Oh, by the way speaking of Tom Cruise is a marriage as been canceled Howard J. Loan but not like doing Now canceled Lisa Marie Yeah And Jim J. Bullock canceled It's funny to be talking about gay people and being into me and being into me He said that's an interesting choice towards him Bye bye And then sync right now he told the magazine the least of my concerns Whether or not they think my music is too gay Oh Justin we think your music is real gay And he said if I was gay that wouldn't be a big deal So I would I hide it Unlike Nick Carter The 21 year old singer says the only real role models in the world of matter our parents I actually asked my mother once how she would feel if I came to her and told her that I was gay And she said She said I would be completely accepting But I hope it's not true. I'm sure she said that. Not is it? Scott Seaman Spokesperson for the gay lesbian lines against them and defamation glad told the inquire I applaud him for sitting for an interview in photo shoot with the advocate in the early 1990s The new kids on a block would never have done this because of fear of being thought of as gay themselves The new kids on a block Your gay other stars named cool straight people of 2002 were George Clooney, Diane Sawyer, Johnny Knoxville Started hit film Jack asked the movie And Charles Nelson Riley Oh that was just a tack on Five six seven. Oh, if I get some material when you people that's the that should be your right Resolution for the new year Pretty last few months that I'm going to be on the year here five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line Here's Weston. Hello. Hey, how are you doing? Okay. I got a good story for you about how this area in Miami is not a real city Yeah, I was I never take the metro really, but I was down in a candle area on some business And I decided to take it back up north. It was on a Friday night and I left a candle at about seven o'clock And got to the trial trail transfer station at the 740. It was on a weekday and the last train had already run in west northbound 730 It wasn't no more that night So my wife had a come to the absolute worst neighborhood in the world at the corner of northwest 279 Oh Ticking me up like gone out Friday night because there's no other way to get out of there Uh-huh Yeah, I did a nice conversation with the arm security guard for a little while Oh and by the way there's a couple taxis there because it always happens that offer to take you out of the car Okay, well, also offer the call five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line I am going to tell you folks. It's a great day for any Irish. Oh, we don't have any Irish here That's the problem. You need to import a lot more Irishmen will be a lot more positive like that fact We want you to be positive like this last guy whatever it was babbling about And now is that really from the land? That's what he said. Here's a call from the land floor to hello. Hey, I'll see you every day. I think you're great But all you do is crash about being my anti lunch a good or better market Meaning what see you out. Oh, you see animals great see Chicago Mm-hmm. You're not complaining about my job. I just don't like it here That's why I do this show away from here most of the year. What's wrong with that? But you'd be much better in Seattle. You'd have a better following. Why is that? The more hip I don't want to go to Seattle see animals a million miles away from anywhere that I would ever want to be You close to that Cooper like I said it's a million miles away from anywhere I'd want to be have a great day Sir, here's a guy calling me from Delan Florida, and he's giving me an advice on where I should be calling me from Delan Florida Do you know where Delan Florida is up there in the animals belt? I'll play kind of a coaster. No, I know it's a Oh, believe me. It makes Melbourne look like Manhattan. I'm not talking about Australia either It's my it makes Pahoki look like LA 560 50 50 50 60 on the AT&T and in addition to what's the audience enjoys here in me bitch about being here They like that it's a part of the show they enjoy it a lot At least I'm being honest about right I could come on and say oh it's wonderful to be back in paradise And you know go through all of that crap, you know, you know when you're washed up in a day and it'll line and they banish you like to the minor leagues like some people And then you talk about oh, and it's so great to be in paradise And say no paradise anybody who really would believe that needs a lobotomy and a new hairpiece Here's Martin Beach hello and that order, but we're not necessarily Oh, yeah, okay happy new you let me turn my radio off happy new year sir Yeah, I got the material let's see where I have been okay here goes for here goes Young cut who you trying to get my chicken back a rock from the get go, huh? Not juvenile You know what I like it when you bitch about things other than sports, but not hockey you hear it to hear the idea line up You You don't have to do it in the market league, but just you can be like the Dennis Miller But behind the scenes Is that funny or I mean, I don't know I couldn't believe that dude said that Said what I wasn't listening I have no idea all I know he was just but it was killing time because football is football Season's over and also is killing time with some crap about me and a crowdo in the ball games and book now getting to the serious part of all I didn't I tell you long time ago Boo, we did picked up by some major league team because that's his bag. He's a great play by play guy. He's a terrible talk show host He's a great play by play guy. Wish him the best. He's a good guy keep the weight off and you're at cetera Here's the fact it says happy new year. Do you on the spick and a lady and I hate the Harold and Miami blows I love your show technique. God for your show. It says Oh, god. Signed the colleague PS what is your new book how I attacked him a fake coming up So this Eric publishes it for us Maybe he could write the prologue the forward. Yeah, the forward how he attacks the buffet how he picks up all the chicken bones when I finish 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line 27 after 10 a QAM audience is really coming up with some heavy duty crap today We ever presented with an opportunity when you should have could have or what it done something but didn't do it Well, here's an incredible fany may mortgage right out there waiting for you at 3.45 percent The rate is available by calling financial group toll free at 1 800 940 53 63 If you were to compare a 7% rate with 3.45 percent you'd save $3,500 in a first year loan for 800,000 you owe 100,000 cost you only 447 bucks a month Here's an opportunity that won't last it's a 40 year low. So if you think about refinancing or purchasing a home call financial group toll free 1 800 940 53 63 the process is simple the call is free 1 800 940 L.E. and the you heard right hailed yes Financial group has been an equal housing lender to thousands of borrowers of fany may program credit restrictions dual-plime rates Is something to change if you delay 5.34 APR call financial group today toll free. Do you know what that means? No, no, why call financial group today toll free at 1 800 940 L.E. and the You It's how it how it David welcome to the 70 of annual mo Howard spelling bee I see on the right. They're ready. Let's go. Alright, Mr. Bush. Your word is clan destiny like is in clandestine operation I are a and CL and T are a rock what you find okay Mr. Clinton your word is monogamous R O S T I T U T Not even close. Okay Senator Kennedy your word is sobriety. Yes, uh, who the hell pick these off anyway See H I V a F rock book you bring what I uh don't get drunk off that anymore. I thought it was up in immunity to it And looks like the feels been now to two people. Let's start with Ross for Oak you have an easy one please spell government Let's go to the charge hand you've got F H P T horse boat cow anything you want. Let's say rest my king here out and Mr. Strom Therman you can win this thing if you can spell the word Antiquate it. Oh, L D. Oh, and we have a winner 1032 at 560 W Q and 18 year the Grammy Award nominations you're gonna be psychotic Here they are well, seeing as another one slow their website. They had to story on an hour ago, but they're just getting around now to putting it on the website Which is why I'm printing it out 104 categories for this year's Grammy Awards up from 101 last year. Let's read them all. What do you say? Oh, right Come on. Let's go. I won't kill more than next couple of hours. I mean your calls are so damn exciting. Here's West Palm Beach, hello Hey, how you now? Yes, sir. How are you doing today? Okay. Yeah, I just got back to my home city Connecticut Just out of the case and yeah, and one of the first things I heard when I came back in the radio was they were talking like in the small axe box vaccine down here Who was talking about it? Who was it done to radio they were talking about how they want to cut our home insecurity in the state of Florida for a home for a small box vaccine? Sir, what what kind of drugs are you doing like mushrooms? No, I'm not asking for anything else I don't know if you heard that at all. I was reading the book by guy in London Oh, what can they cut home my insecurity in Florida? So it's a good idea That's what I heard in the radio where who told you that well Well 90 1290 yeah sounds like a bunch of communist crap to me go. I still bridge tender Exactly Springsteen and newcomers lead Grammy now. See what I mean the calls are simulating guys just it's fabulous. It's just it makes my blood curdle Springsteen and newcomers lead Grammy now, so as I see springsteen that tells me everything I need to know And I know that there are those of you out there. You know, he was what moment is here last time not that long ago In concert or whatever the macarina and all you clowns out there just uses is just to go to get stone which I guess is okay like Jeff Cohen Rimes with stone But Bruce Springsteen and he couldn't sing his word of a paper sack if you put a gun up his ass. He's still thinking that's all he does is puker. He's a puker He is just a puker The Grammy's played it right down in the middle this morning on a ring veteran such as previous Grammy winners Bruce Springsteen share all pro And in an end And a host of newcomers is the recording Academy announced the nominations for the 40 50 annual grader Grammy Awards Eight artists Springsteen, Eminem, Crow, Nelly Neosol artist, Rafael Sardic, who does really sell Sardic. And newcomers are shot the Nora Jones and Avril Lavigne Hyde for lead with five Grammy nominations to piece. Well that's the Avril Lavigne get all of men in a shot. Maybe one or two Just a real And what about what happened to our good post personal friends Shakira But she's a she small potatoes in here. I don't see her name anywhere in this movie. She's great new last year She didn't do all the underwear world of Jacoosto Oh, seriously she wasn't that in 2002 that was last year Where is that thing? I see the underpants song in here, which you better damn well never play again. Oh the Jacoosto? No, I'm talking about the Shakira one All it's called I can make men. Oh, yeah, I can make men growers know what it's called guys I can make, uh, where now? I got it somewhere. I can't find it. Anyway Springsteen was nominated for Alma the year for the rising And song of the year for that 911 inspired album title song. Oh, yeah, there's Bruce Springsteen. He's waving her flag And he's building it out baby You were saying it more than he was saying There you go, I said it. Was it called a Tundra Shakira? Oh, it's under sure see this is a problem Which he audience probably don't really care about all that much, but it's just it why we have to go through this double process It's like all of the ones that are under somebody is opposed to just being under the name of the bit It's just but that's because that's the way it was titled on the disc What do you mean by that well who put it in there? I don't know Carlos put it in there, maybe he's shaking his head now We said he had nothing to do with that Also nominated for Alma the year were M&M for the M&M show 2002's best selling record don't ask us why He just he just drives me up the wall. It just he can't sing he's obnoxious He's ugly. He's just everything that nobody would want to be. He'll be sad rich But he's a snappy dresser. Ed politically. No. He's not a snappy dresser or politically correct. He's he's none of these things. He's just a scum Scum on two legs As opposed to what we got here that begins with S on two legs The lazy carc sticks, dixie carc chicks for home, Nelly for Nellyville and Jones for her jazzy come away with me. It's jazzy The nominees for record the year were 1000 miles by Vanessa curtain without me by M&M Don't know why by Nora Jones dilemma by Nelly featuring Kelly Ross. See what I see a song that says so and so featuring see this is the new deal last two or three years now Here's Nelly featuring Jaime Pubbic. Here's a blue featuring Elton John Hey, they're friends what I get paid to have heard that blue song would Elton John that we make of whatever that whatever that song You're of course not we got you How you remind me by nickel back also in the song of the or category which I'm a songwriters the nominees were complicated written by Overlavine The matrix written by say he doesn't just sing I love Overlavine and of course if you were in Europe right now with all the 85,000 MTV and music channels You could see you're all over the place which I did while I was there it's part of the fact that I'm stood in blows Maybe I can just find a street corner where I can just hang out and keep my computer and TV set A booth a glass a little like a telephone booth just keep my computer and TV and there my VCR what they say ball of that good stuff This is why did I get involved with this is not our people isn't that our stuff there are five people in this audience who know who any of these people are or what do you want to know who these people are we all the who were spaced it is we don't ever want to hear him again and if you do see you okay if you like to a spring sting away 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line Here's a call from Del Ray hello Yes sir two quick points that I wanted to bring up with you back in the late 80s when renewry was Kind of losing popularity on the station He was I mean he was attacked and that's just the fact I can remember it because that's what had me tuning in they were saying how old he was and how repetitive is he was saying that Well not only the colors, but I mean I think it ranged all the way from your show through Rick and such show and all that stuff Yeah, I mean it was it was different back then because he wasn't dead and secondly it last year before Mohour David even got on the air. Yeah I Guess you you kind of crushing them you know, I mean and it got me to listen to his show I was crushing who well before he had even come on to the air. I think it was the day or two before and maybe it was your way of promoting the show because it got me to listen to his show That's an absolute lie. I was not crushing. I was the only one in the station The other people were crushing them because he made that comment in very jackass's column about story sports talk ready was boring And he was gonna reinvent it and make an interesting and the audio I was the only one to give him a chance I said the guys not even here yet. I mean, you know, you can fabricate in your mind whatever things You know and put words in my mouth that doesn't mean that I said him or that it's true Whatever you say got me to listen to him. Yeah, and I want some free Marla's tickets off his show and and I don't want to listen to your show either But I'm glad you're back. Okay. Thanks Seriously this group of calls we've had so far today I wouldn't wish this on hunger Kimmer I wouldn't wish it on misdragged with without the blue dress 567. Oh 560. No, it's just it's not possible. It isn't possible I mean if we didn't have anybody listening I guess that's possible and maybe that's possible too. I don't know. I mean George was on a long time 567 See him noting his head This is the same one who was giving me a son. That's about how great the beast was on Thanksgiving day I got news for you man I am trying to be an ice pack because I like to be personally. Is it good guy? Like like Orlando, I'll Zagiri a real good guy He just doesn't belong on a year And one thing I can say about two things about the beast he's fat. That's number one and two unprofessional 5 Here's sports video 566 2A Fact in the in the church 566 Where are the local chains that won't stay on? Here's not Shake my phone and turn guys on But there's a place Robert got scared I can make guys grow And I'll be behind there's different I can make guys grow Give my body and duty That's where they're the blows Those are such a cute one of those things I will call Be it such a better one Have you made guys grow You're the mother and duty That's where they're the blow Cause I'm such a cute one of the things I will call Be it such a better one Be it such a better one Now that was last year That was in 2001 right? So why the hell is that nominated? Why isn't she a cure all over the thing? Like stink on wheels Huh? Doubt it. Don't know Because I guess she's just not just sucking on the right places Eminem must be sucking on the right places Because this man I don't want to get started 56670560 pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon See he's angry he's angry You know Why guy wants to be black? Well he lives in Detroit What do you expect? Go see him out yet No Go ahead Have my pirate copy of it Here's our last call of the day It's from Miami, hello Now you pick me up before I do it I do What do you know Chuck Booms? Do I know what? Chuck Booms Chuck Booms? Yeah, I remember you guys were making fun of them Like earlier in the year We were about saying that that was our host of Competition, station or gay Whatever Who the hell is Chuck Booms? Well I thought you would know But anyway he was like Well who is he? If you tell me then maybe I'll tell I never heard of him He does He used to do 3 to 6-7-9-40 I don't want to plug him or anything But he was real good He would be a good replacement for him Because you like he said Moes are good Play my play but he's not a touch of him Chuck Booms, nobody in this audience Nobody in the world ever heard of this planet He heard of Colleen Booms Oh, Colleen Booms, what are you talking about? But they had like a 0.01 share They had no audience like we said I said they had that 0.01 because of him I mean he was the life it has so But if they had Chuck Booms With Steve Okay, boom this, okay, boom boom Boom boom Jeffrey on 560 670560, pound 560 This is the worst bunch of geeks I've ever heard of my life I guess this town is completely crashed after those two football losses They didn't just take it hard They just caught it under the bed And just ain't never coming out no more That must be it That must be why they had a kill a whole morning this morning From what I had to report some getting With the all I crap about me and the crow doing the games Sure be a big improvement I'll guarantee that 560, pound 560, pound 560 on the AT&T And for rising line we have one call on a board If we don't start getting calls I'm certain playing some music I'm gonna play my music whatever music I like every day for hours a day We got all these jingles huh? I mean I'm gonna sit here and bake for calls the rest of my life I thought we had come beyond this I thought we had transcended the Neil Vase for call segments on his radio show But we haven't done that Because unfortunately no matter how much I'm in town or out of town I'm at here how many months go by This town still has no material everybody I see You know I see him for the first time and if you must say well what did I miss nothing? Nothing? What did I miss? Something must have been going on here that I was out of touch with nothing? Nothing? Nothing? That ought to be the theme song besides two different words That ought to be the theme song besides two different worlds is I got plenty of nothing Song by like shoefro and will eat tea ribs like doing duet Featuring the will eat tea. Oh what a beautiful day Here's Cooper City hello You know Neil is great to hear that you got the pisses Sounds like a way again. Yeah. That's what he again Yeah, we know it's part of the piss and vinegar you are okay? You jackass Yeah, it is two days in a row we got him See that's one thing we'll never lose those people always there because they have no life Here's Boca hello You see the bachelor's last night? No, I did not The big construction guy had to give 10 girls a pro necklace Yeah, I'll do it after nine out of the next one 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line Yeah, it's enough to make you just want a plot making you do a big big dump in your pants I'll tell you one thing about fat boys. You're good thing that he wears those size 78s Because if he ever does a big dump in his pants, you never even know the difference Well, not from appearance anyway Here's Miami. Hello Neil Yes, sir. I can't be opportunity to be up all night on Sunday And I was working late because back to school and I tuned into Mark and Joe And let me tell you some Faith their show sounds like you're showed us today What do you mean by that? They don't have a call I called up I was on the day But they're on the 2 to 6 in the morning. I'm on the day here. People are supposed to be awake now Okay I got a not complaining. I'm not complaining. I was thrilled. I was like 2.33 o'clock I said I'm going to go home The show came on and I just kept working and next thing I knew it was 6.30 My wife was wondering where I was and I was saying I was with Joe and Mark Joe and Mark kept me up all night I love you Neil Okay, thanks for the oscillating call 567.050 Seriously, you people are so boring man. I could I'm going to start bringing in a pillow Pillow on the alarm clock There's just an answer to that idea We can put like a little one of those recliner chairs here I mean this is an ice shower. I got but let's start put one of those recliners in And I can like stretch the mic out like this Huh? I might be a lover on that thing I like this act. There you go I mean it's kind of hard to recant me and you know something the phone thing is just far enough away I can't reach it from here. Oh, sorry. Now that we got all the lines with up Sorry, but I'm real comfortable now. It's not a wire. You could pull it over onto your lap Yeah, and the mic too So is that other one working now? Suds was in here that was they Yeah, the other mic was working or not No, it worked after such a Everyday daily or deal getting that they working But yeah, no, I was going Julio you fat tub Here's a Davy hello. Hey Neil. How you doing great? It is sandy. I just need it. Let's go to a Fort Laterdale. Hello I took the, how the time book guys? Tamara, hello Did it tell us? Yes. Oh, sorry. I was laughing after the last couple of calls I believe it happened near your team. Same to you sir. I finished reading my copy of for a couple weeks ago. Good. Something I was thinking about this crap going on with North Korea. I wouldn't be surprised if China is behind this. I think that China is going to, you know, they had that problem with Taiwan Of course. I wouldn't be surprised if Taiwan is behind some of the stuff that's going on And we're ready to, you know, try and drive the gas. It was over there to Iraq And then North Korea stirs up to crap a little bit with the China behind them Letting them know they're not going to let things escalate out of control I think, you know, which is okay. Well, come on you have to take the next dose. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon. I need a dose. Wireless line. I feel like I've contracted a dose. Uno dose trace that last call. Here's Stewart. Hello. Stewart. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Okay. Okay. Let me answer some of the were off the track. You always put in George Daffer as a sexual preferences. Sexual preferences. You know, I was the anal to trial. That's not a sexual preference. That's a finish. Yes. I was thinking, you know, I don't get me wrong. I love you, guy. All right. But you know, your preferences why in that direction, no, they do not. My preferences have nothing to do with anything. Nothing to do with ass. I'm not an ass is for as a one-way student. Didn't you ever see that one way sign on your ass? The only thing that's allowed in there is like the proctologist finger like once here. That's right. It's the out shoot. No, you're missing out. No thanks. No thanks. No thanks. By the way, go Gargo with list three in please. Go Gargo with Mr. Clean. Carlos does it every morning. I noticed that. Well, in his case, it can't hurt. It burns your eyes when you're the guy who knows where he's got his tongue all the time because he's always in your brush and his teeth. I mean, that's just brushing, but scrubbing his teeth in his mouth and Mr. Reenie. So that only knows. Everybody does this. He sucks some of the meals out of the dumpster in a back. Well, you know, he's not getting fed real well because he's not making any money. So he has to suck some of the food straight out of the dumpster. No, it all falls into together. He sleeps in his car. In fact, most of something about his bag being cleaned out. Well, that's getting a little bit too low. Five, six, seven, five, seven. And what the hell was that he was with his farts? Is washing the cars yesterday? What was that? Oh, are we are we small potatoes now? Just because I'm not always here. My left out. My car needed to be washed badly. But nevertheless, it's normally on Friday. Right. Exactly. Yes, they last time I checked was Monday. Right. Let me with some holiday schedule. I should be doing nothing with my lips because those guys get upset. See, there he goes again. Well, they do have kind of big lips. And then they do have some fellas. Those folks. Those folks. Those evil doers. Here's Pompano. Hello. Yes. Good morning. How are you doing? I'm doing great. Okay. I've been down here over that 11 years or so. And I haven't been up to New York in a little while. My friend who still live up there and we grew up listening to W. Any W. Scott, Mune and the rest of those people. Stations up there. Sock also. And at least three of the DJs from that station are now on a college radio station. If you be from for them. Wow. That is else is. People want to tell and Vince tells us in order for them to be able to play some decent music. I'll be there. So it's not only here. It's all over the country. And it's just radio just sucks in general. You're right. And if you're not on the air, all of us can do NPR and I'll listen to public radio. I'm a good for you. And one other thing. Do you know what the real story is with Mo with the DJ? Oh, the Jets. I thought you're trying about Westwood. I don't really know about that. I really don't know. That's a good question. I know that Westwood wants it and packing. They didn't want him doing a muddy night games anymore. They said no thanks. Don't call us. We'll call you. But the adjusting. I don't know. I'll have to check in the van. Because yesterday he was going let's go. Raiders. He doesn't want anything to happen decent for the jets or anything with New York. So a jet, I'm just kidding. Are sure? I'm sure I'm happy. He doesn't take it on his family members when he sees them adorned with all their jets of paraphernalia. I hope he doesn't get upset. Neil, have a wonderful day. Thank you too and back to you. Thank you so much. Here's somebody we said, and how, here's another guy. John Moynihan did die. And here's an article by Gary Jackass. Panthers remember an answer Moynihan. Services were held in Buffalo, New York Saturday for a former WQM Talk Show host in Florida, Panthers radio analyst John Moynihan, who died December 8th in the Fort Lauderdale, a age 66. Monahan, Moynihan, who had a lung cancer was cremated December 18th in Queen with Brother Andrew. It was diagnosed in the spring after vacation to Costa Rica, had been under hospice care since Thanksgiving. Moynihan came to QM from Phoenix to 1988 and was QM's first daytime Talk Show host. Joining, joining, joining Sunday. There you go. There's some more bad news John Moynihan never met him. Maybe. But I heard he never stole a free train. He's also dead. We're dropping like flies, folks. 5-6-7-0-5-60, pound-5-60 on the AT&T, and I'm sure the news papers did a stellar job. Although at least very Jackass wrote a piece on it. As opposed to just an obituary like Mikey got. You see that Tom Jika? Very Jackass wrote an obituary in article about it because it was a sports guy and he is on a sports page. Here's a guy that was a radio guy. He was supposed to be the radio TV writer in a son's channel and you let the obituary guy write a piece. While you're busy writing another goddamn puff piece for some stupid network TV show that nobody gives a crap about. You shrimp shrimp boats. Well, whatever happened to him, you missed a real bad day at the track one day and just has taken out the rest of his life on the world. 10-57-5, or maybe all that indigestion that he said, but you know, maybe that's getting to him too. Because how many times have I told you that? But every time I used to have him as a gift, he just couldn't speak with all that bouncing and rusting and rusting and rusting. Pukin is guts out. Hey guys, the new year is here. If you're new year's resolution is a high-paint computer career now is the time to act. Fast train is holding a free career seminar tonight. And it's Kendall Mimey for Lodrino and Pembroke Pines locations. This is a free seminar called 1-866 Fast Train to reserve your seat. That's 1-866 Fast Train. Take 2003 the year that you're in a high-paint computer job. Get out of that crappy dead end job and start making some cash. If you're overworked underpaid in a real sucky job, this could be the most important 15 minutes of your life next to getting laid. Fast train can have you certified ready for your dream job in just four short months. Call Fast Train 866 Fast Train. They've got convenient day evening and weekend classes waiting for you. Call 1-866 Fast Train to reserve your seat for tonight. For directions, take them out on the web at FastTrain.com. Got it? I'm local. This is 42560. I'm sure that Halle Berry is a totally mean nurse in the fun actress as well as Chuck Berry with his jungle music. The prince must speak out against the academies of raising them colored folk. It's my understanding that the pop culture industry is perpetrated by homosexual Jews. It was them and a clean of course who brought the tragedy of 9-11 upon us. Goals is angered by all who are not in the lackness of myself. All that's right is Christian and white. Pull down your pants with me and pray. Dear Lord and Heaven, help me find my penis. Thank you. 11-560 WQM The Mad Dog Get To Shoes Today Hanks 3-7. 278 votes on the pool what's your take on a Miami-Herald. It panders so much you should be entirely in Spanish on 19. It sucks 89. It's the best of a sorry lot in South Florida 44. There are a bunch of virulent anti-Semite 17 and it's a great newspaper AI 9. 9 votes 9 out of 278. It's a great newspaper and the rest of the day off on the arrest of the audiences on to him. Here's the entire article Barry Jack asks which I'm not going to read it again. Just a couple of other sentences here. First QM daytime talk shows joining late night host Ed Kaplan. He was the host on late afternoon program to November 92 and he was moved to morning to make room for Hank Goldberg. One hand was leadership to the late night before being dropped by QM in June 94. One hand a big hockey fan was also the Panthers primary radio analyst of the first season. Those replaced by LA and Chevrolet after one year. Why? Who? I don't know some frog. John had a unique personality Panthers TV announcer Jeff Rimmer said Saturday. I enjoyed his company. We had a lot of fun together. He was always looking for that late night coffee shop to have coffee and a cigarette. I wonder who bought the coffee, Rimmer? I'm sorry. I hear you see here's another guy who died not only from cigarette smoking and cancer but from the business. After his QM contract was not renewed he bought airtime on waxes 790 and 1995 and 6 work as a consultant metropolitain mortgage and wins are publishing. He lived in South Florida since 1998 but had not been employed in the past two years and you're one hand said by telephone from Buffalo. He stopped smoking this year but smoking was a big contributor to cancer. He was a rigorous outgoing guy had a good ability to interview people in encyclopedic mine. Now he's dead. Smoking number one but number two the radio business it's killing us like flies man we're dropping like flies from this business and you people are killing us until to that what he's awful calls today. God. Just tragic a sad sad lack of substance. That's what we need is substance in this town. Put your hand on a radio guy damn and say it substance. Didn't help. Here's our first lady of the day from Weston. Hello. Yes man. I'm an example because I didn't get a chance to read Miami Harrel this morning but I don't do you ever read world net daily online or depth gulfiles? No. Ever hear of them? No. Okay. D.B.K.A. depth gulfiles. Supposedly Israeli intelligence they put out a newsletter every night. World net daily. Well, what would I want to read then? Okay. We enough because the news on both of them, one is coming from Israel. The other one is world net daily. The editor is Joseph Ferra who is a Arab Christian who lives in the United States. And they both cover things that come from totally different places but so often they have the same story but from a different not just a point of view they're almost always identical which is always what surprises me but it's not written on the same one and you know we are getting ready to go through war with Iraq and here you know, all kind of which we don't even know whether it did Iraq we know it's not a Arab either of course there are friends and we're not going to do anything there. Today been reporting that there was a huge terrorist attack in Algeria and I did not see the Miami Harrel this morning but I know as of yesterday it was not in the Harrel mode nor did I see it on CNN which is what we call certainly not news. So it's just curious to know why no weather you know I didn't see it. And have a great day. 560 is it just me or is it not starting to give a little bit of sour you know it? Pizzy little bit on the Hissy and Pissie yeah. Remember Alan Pissie? No. Here's a call from Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes sir. Very happy to hear the return of the rest of the tutions long today. Yeah. I heard George mentioned that we would never hear that again and I was very pumped out because it's one of my favorite. Why would you lie like that? George says why would you lie like that? No it's true. You said that we would just wouldn't be hearing. He said that he was standing. He said he was standing. He would come to Treasure Island. I said we were going to be selling it. Now you said we weren't going to be playing it. There was a long period of time where you didn't play it. I figured maybe because you weren't allowed or. Well, I mean, yes, you are. Are you like tracking the bits that we play? How often we play them and the dates and the times you get like a log? Yeah, I got a log. Yeah, that sounds like it. In fact, I thought I smelled something. Lincoln log. Yeah. But we will be hearing it. You just got through a hearing it. It was beautiful. Okay. God Almighty. See what I mean? We'll be hearing whatever. How do you want to hear? I want you to hear. That's why they call it the Neo Roger show. 560, 560, pound 560 on the eight. See the problem with this town, this audience, this town, is that things just drag on and drag on. It would be like having a discussion about alien again. I mean, some things are over. They run their course and we move on with life. And now you know, but this town is living in a dark age. Just like the tabloids that show up here like a week and a half after they show up everywhere else, including in other countries. Even though they publish them like a few miles up the road there, it just doesn't make any sense to me. Here's homestead, hello. Neo. Yes sir. Okay. Hey, I've been noticing a lot of air. I'm sorry, buying a lot of water. Did they know something we don't know? Here's sunrise, hello. Sunrise. My lot of water. Yeah. Yes sir. Tell me, Neo, I'm a whole time entertainer. I want to know something about Toronto. In the corner of young and non-dias, is there still a club there called a Brown Burvey? No. No. This was just when the subway was being built. No. What was that about? 18. Not 18. So maybe 70. No more Brown Derby sir. No, I enjoy a program. Okay, thank you so much. Young and done, that's the Ian Center, baby. The Eaton Center was young and done, DAS. And James Mugs, which is a really, it's okay restaurant, but they got that great Sunday brunch. I took Joe and his buddies there for a Sunday brunch at one morning when they were in T.O. Had a wonderful time. And it's not like being here, but 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon marvelous line. We are looking for some real material today and so far it's been. Wow. Heavy, heavy duty. This is what it doesn't vote well for the new year. I'll tell you that. It doesn't vote well for next Friday. We can Friday the 17 with those numbers come up. I think our fall book is going to be a death now if he asks me. I mean, I just go away for a couple of weeks on a well deserved vacation. Not all I create anyway with those days and Amsterdam getting sick again in my unacceptable apartment with the bad air and a mildew in the mold and all the dank crap. Anybody who missed my shows last Thursday and Friday Amsterdam used to be a wonderful place. I don't know why I feel so bad about saying that because they try used to be a wonderful place too. That was a long time ago and now it's a toilet. And that's what they were allowing Amsterdam to become. Dump. Now to mention the fact that my apartment is unfit for human habitation. So when I go back to the hotel, son, we need to know. Nice five-star hotel. They got in my shower. They got in nice comfortable bed. That's a real bed. Split level toilet. No, not even a split level toilet. Like a real toilet. Like a real flush thing. In fact, I feel a little flush right now. Nine minutes past 11 at five, 60 WQAM. Yeah, I think Rimmer ought to tell us who used to pay for the coffee in the donuts when he and one hand used to go out. Well, do we have to gasc? Do we really have to wax? Yes, he had told me that at one of our 80 million phone calls, while I was in Toronto, that one hand passed away. But here it's like everybody seems to be oblivious. They just, they don't care about anybody or anything. You know? Even like yesterday, I said this before, but I'm still a little bit depressed about mad dog and he's almost just sloughing over the ordinary death. I mean, we worked together. He was a good guy. He was at least in the industry friend. And it was like, yeah, now let's talk about that ball game again. Yeah, I just don't get it. There are more important things in life than ball games, mad dog. Oh, there are. That's right. Sorry. I forgot where I was. Now if it was a hockey game, don't forget Red Wings in the past. There's tomorrow night at the Mac or Wina. Any interest? No. How tell you a place that you really want to go see? That's the brand new pizza locked in plantation right behind that drugstore on the corner of sunrise in Abhil. Behind wall greens. I'm going to say ball greens again. I'm tired of boycotting them. Huh? I can't run my whole life based on other people's personal problems. You know, or employment problems, I just can't do that anymore. I go to bad for people that I like and I do my best for them, but other than that, I got to like, I like that wall greens. Even though some of the people were, if there may be assholes, maybe the new managers and asshole, anyway right behind that wall greens are now being held in sunrise as the brand new pizza locked. There are no assholes in there except maybe some of the customers. And Jeff puts up with them because he don't care. He'll take your money. As long as you've got some cash, he'll give you a stash of really good food. In fact, maybe give you a stash of something else. If you play your cards right. At the World Famous Pizza Lock, the best pizza go in town. Three different kinds of pizza. The finest garlic rolls ever made by man. And all your Italian goodies with big fresh portions, teeny tiny low prices. Need to a great job of catering, orifice parties, home events, any kind of holidays coming up. What's the next holiday coming up? Martin Luther Cune Day. Is that the 15th? 20th. Like I said, 20th. They'll probably cater a feast for that too. Maybe they'll bring in some special. Maybe we'll have like pizza with the chitlins. Anyway, for takeout delivery at the David Pizza Lock, which is on University of the B2 Griffin in 5.95 and a pizza lot of pies to be on pair one. For there, call 9.5491688.8 that's original. Broward Pizza Lock 9.5491688 in that brand new and right-beyond Walgreens that I said. The number for takeout and delivery and catering at set of where is 9.5438299. 9.5438299 don't forget the nightly special so you and a whole family the whole gang can eat at a pit and civil price at the World Famous Pizza Lock now with two great no why. He's bobing badly he's got skid marks. His breath is rancid and he's a sloth. He's great. His B-O is wretched. Wretched and sick and lame. Lips with his parents he don't have no job. He's nothing that you want. He's nothing that you need. You don't want him inside of you don't need where she could be. He says all the wrong things and exactly the wrong time. No, the ball. No, the ball. No, the ball. Those are balls. Those are balls. Those are balls. I'm 50. Those are balls. At 5.60 WQAM happy or Tuesday too. We just don't play that often enough you know. Those are balls. We have to listen for me. I get sexual excitement here and that. So this is really cute. Bachelor priest. This is kind of like a make believe at here ABC next fall. The Bachelor priest one man 25 boys who will get the final candy bar. Who will get the final candy bar? It will be a chunky. That's here's Oakland Park. Hello. Yes sir. Yes sir. I'm Rodney that you make corn. Listen, Leo. What is that mean? Oh, this I'm the Jamaican. Your VG making? I see who's the day. That's all my advice. Yeah. Yeah, the poor with the bits is really great man. The poor without a bit in the college. But you know the college have no. Let me ask you how long have you been working on this Tony voice. Yeah, the college have not long enough. Five six. I think that was Reverend Jones now that I come right out of what doing a really desperate attempt at a Tony voice boy. This guy's got some repertoire. Five six. Now what's the deal? Are these other ones not from any other particular just in right and on there? Or just don't care anymore. Because I'm reaching that point two today. This is one of those days. You just market off on a counter. Well, you know, yesterday we had an okay show. I was always the press and cause it was about Mike. We didn't really die. I mean, it wasn't completely about that. But that was the topic. But I mean, it was an okay show as shows go. But today it just ain't gonna happen. And speaking of that, speaking of it, it's gonna happen. What does Rimmer want? Hey, uh, dessert practice of it holding forever. Man, it was been, it was been, it was concerning with the enemy this morning on Fox Sports that we understand. At least they called you wanted to talk a little bit. They're hockey. I understand. I said that. Okay. They wanted to talk a little bit. They're hockey. But still concerning with the enemy. In fact, uh, we might start calling you mode junior. Uh, hey. Well, you know what's how you ignore that just skates right on by. And what do you want me to say? Anything you want? I'm available to talk at any time. But anyway. You're, you're calling for some material. And I know this is an hockey show. Oh, you know something. You know, you, you've heard that a spursed about putting the final nails in somebody's coffin. That's what you're doing right now. Am I? Well, go ahead. We'll see. I know you want to notice information because you do care. But if it's friend of yours, just became a coach in the National hockey layer again. A good friend of mine. Doug McClean is fired Dave King. Yeah. The miserable performance last night. And hired Don Sherry. And he's not having hired Don Sherry. Doug, Doug is going to coach himself. Yeah. I just thought he'd like to hear that. Well, that's pretty exciting. Well, how you said you wanted some material? Is that not news? Is that not news? And you're breaking this story because the news conference is at 1130. Ha ha ha. That's pretty heavy. In fact, maybe we'll get another call from Columbus from those Ohio State Punks that were called last week. Well, listen, when Doug coach the Panthers, as you know, there was a great deal of interest in the hockey. Yeah, but he's got a potty mouth man. I know all about him. He's got a hotty mouth. He's given a flatty. And he don't like Marty's stock. Either he's got 12 goals and it's quite a missing half the season within. Yeah, but he likes Ray Whitney. That's good. I see he had Mrs. Last night and they're only going, I might slender scored it. Exactly. Yeah. See how my confidence things were. And how come you didn't tell what you did tell me about Moana. And that's really a shame. If you want people to jump on the end, then of course you've got to be about an hour and a half ago saying, well, remember to tell me that. But who knows if it's true? Well, I mean, the fact is that people in the media here, people in the media here, pass away and the way that the media treats them is like a chop liver like we were, like they're not even human beings. John Monehane was a different guy. He was with us the first year he did the color with Chris Moore at QAM. And he was always looking for that place to go out of cigarette, a cup of coffee, about midnight or two a.m. Yeah, who paid for it? I didn't go at him. I was just like a fire spot. I don't drink coffee at two a.m. I like to sleep sometime. Chris, most cigarettes. Exactly. Okay. All right. I'm out of the cheerlead. I just want to give you that information. Okay, Rimmer. All right. See ya. Go Panthers. Okay. We're leaving now. Don't you think that would be a good time to go home? Let's do a little transmitter maintenance. Doug McClain, coach of the Columbus straight jacket and general manager. Good guy. We like Doug a lot. Like we with you a lot and Mike Syllinger and Sissy Spasek. Yeah, they got a lot of guys who just weren't good enough to play for a Mr. Boatai here and they previous organization. But the Panthers are still fumbling their way along and sput up the youthful and nature of the team and the Mike Keenan's going to help a job. Nice going there. Iron Mike. 560, 0560, pound 560 at the 18 on the whatever it is. AT&T and Verizon Marvel Slime. I mentioned what a great job Brian Sears is doing with a pump at a part of which and that yesterday's continuing last night. How does it pistol? And he's driving pretty good too. That's going Brian. This is week man. This is just how did this happen? Where did this come from? What even you have a short memory? Why do you think you stopped taking calls and doing the bedtime stories? But we're not going back to that. I mean, I've got some stuff here that I will eventually get to. Like Brittany gets done by the Pepsi people. Brittany was canned so to speak. And Superman actor Reeve lands back in smallville, Christopher Reeve. He's going to be doing it with Clark Kent. Eight is enough star under suicide watch. Poor Adam Rich. Look at a little bit on the grubby side too. And then of course when I talked about the eight is enough thing right away. George remember because I mentioned Willie Ames. Who's in this little picture down here. And Willie Ames and I said whatever happened all those guys got bail Willie Ames. They all like vanished. They're not even like grade Z movies. And come to find out that Willie Ames found the Lord I guess. Yes. Or at least found some kind of a scam. Well, heaven. What's his Alan thick? See the other one. Oh, I can't stand Alan thick. No Alan thick is married to her name is Kim Zimmer. Okay. Please Reeve on guiding light. Oh, I forgot to take guiding light again. I'm never going to remember that. No you're not. I'm going to miss that whole damn show because Channel 4 such a bunch of assholes. Then they put that up. Not just Dr. Philon at three and afternoon instead of taping guiding light. And putting it on there at the regular time. We're guiding light fans love it for all those years. And that's another story you keep teasing. Oh, and speaking of soap operas. What story? The Doctor Phil and Bambi. Oh, yeah, I got that. But forget about that. Passion's today. A must see. All you people out there who watch passions today is one of the great episodes in history. Beth's mother is just the greatest acting job in history. That's all I want to tell you. And I want to run for you. The double wedding. Or at least it's supposed to be the double wedding. 560 pound 560 on the A&T line. We have one call. It's in 4 Lodderdale. And we're going to music. Hello. Hey. Are you doing me? Okay. I've been here this summer. I'm a little bit nervous. I just want to tell you. Today I was cruising around where I live. I've got a flag there between 40 seconds and 50 seconds. You know, and that's where the hook is hanging out. Yeah. And I'm a single guy. So I like, you know, I don't want to buy him. You know. It's, you know. Well, let's see. Happy New Year Neil and Jorge says this facts. I know you can't come in. But at Disney spot makes me want to drive around off the, what Disney spot? Maybe they're talking about the eyes. Oh, that thing. Time to Hollywood. P.S. More bedtime stories in Dwight, London. Still eats vegan last. That's what we're hearing. Ray, the printed Harold's trash. Have you ever compared what the Daily English girl princess important front page news and what the Spanish girl prince is important. Same day front page news. Two completely different opposite views of the world we live in. One a printed view of mean was gossip news, crap to individuals who are English only readers. And the other a printed view of mean was gossip news and crap to individuals are Spanish only and expansion English readers. Start a segment of your show that compares the everyday front pages of the Harold and El Nuel. We're heard for your listeners. It would be a great community service. No. Ray most commented this morning on Neil and Chrome already doing the Marlon games. I hope it's true. Chrome already doing the play by play and Neil doing the color commentary. It would be the best and a gold mine for Neil Rogers to. Chrome already doing the play by play. Right. And this goes on. Happy New Year Neil's anybody heard from Joseph Gackie. It says here. We heard from Joe is a matter of fact. That's a good question. Oh my. Oh my. I know the football game does I must have been hard on him. I hope he and the other screaming maniac he does the games with didn't pull a heavens gate following the game. It may be time to go to two days. We could come to the set for these phone calls. Greg read is a mole on it says. Yeah, you're right. This is this is a shocker to me. But you know something. I don't care anymore. I'm not going to go through this whole song to dance. Oh gee. What was me? I don't care. Just taking that check twice a month. And if we get a one share of that. There's you can't make steak out of chicken crap. You can't do it. And remember for all of his good intentions there. Nobody can't I keep trying to tell you. Nobody cares about hockey in this town. Nobody. And there'll be a big set off there tomorrow. And I'd are close to it because the choice coming in. And you know, it'll be the usual crap. It'll be on their cell phones. And then we have 5,000 phony red wing fans. And maybe 500 real ones. It'll be the same stuff as always. Nothing ever changes. You're right. How I survived those shows. I must have been. I must have been on acid. Somebody must have been spiking my cool aid. I just it's amazing to me that I just loaded. I survived the goddamn hockey shows. Not that they were bad shows, but it's like it's like some of how a Vaughan worth pull man. There's no market for it. You can't do it. You're for speeding it. And this man continues because of the fact that he's the play by play Garph of the Panthers. He continues to deal with himself. And to believe in that everybody shares his and my enthusiasm for the greatest sport in the world. And they don't not hear. We're not in Toronto, eh? I wish they all I was. And I'm sure so to help us he doing the leaf games. But he's not. Man, this is just it's hopeless trying to force feed people something that they absolutely they just what for whatever reason. I guess because in hockey there's just a I mean, you know, they bang the crap out of each other. But there's not enough ass grabbing. You ever see a hockey player not tonnoty pants. So you can't pat a guy in the ass with all that padding. You can't get to feel of it. And you can't get to look of it. Oh, oh. It's a brandy with those tight pants on on that jogs that cup. Man. Here's for Lauderdale, hello. You're talking about williames. Yes. I was hoping to channel the other day. And he's now Bibleman. I never I never finished that story, right? Yeah. So I guess he's some point. But they would look to the website this morning. I guess he's lost even that gig. Bibleman's going by by. I was he back because he also like him. Poor willy. Yeah, I think maybe we're going to put Scott Bayer again. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Let's get these bastards away and alive. Come on. Come up with some material. Just make some up if you want. Christ Almighty, what a dead-ass place. And like I said, it's a lot better when I do the show out of town because I don't get this feel. I don't get this feel of creeping death. You can smell it here. It must be a window cracked in the other room somewhere because it's coming right through the window. It's either from that old yenta of farm we got next door. We got one of those windmower palm air kind of places next door to our building here where the youngest age is 110. So it was either them or mold at left-hand glass with the teeth in it on the account of when I came in this morning. Maybe it was mold. 26 past is the Palladin cocktail. Yeah, it was fizzing though. 26 past 11 at 5, 60, WQA, I'm hey, listen why not kick off any of you by doing something good for you. You're back and you're a health by calling our good friends. Add Donald Matt, listen, you're in team yourself a great night sleep tonight and every night for a long time to come. Call 1-800 mattress, MATTRES, and that'll mattress will have you sleeping like a baby all year long. They carry the finest mattresses made on a planet. Seely, Serta, Simmons King Coral and a Curialman every size and style I've invented. When you call 1-800 mattress, you'll talk to a bedding expert who knows their crap they'll hook you up with a perfect bed for you and you're back in the way you like to sleep. They've got what you want in stock now. No funny sales, no bait and switch like department stores. And when you order a new bed from Donald Matt, you still have it there. I'm time when you want the very same day, not whatever it hell you feel like it. You get to choose the date and the time Donald Matt has private itself on their 99% on time record, which is just one reason, whether ranked first overall for customer satisfaction in the world. So to what all the smart people they were QM have been doing, Miguel George and you're a stewardly. I guess that's the smart people. That's it. Call Donald Matt for right now, tool free. There will be no time at all. 1-800 mattress, MATTRES, MATTRES for Donald Matt for the perfect way to start off the new year. 5-800 local, the 60s, 50s, the rears of your house, QM. Short gassums, I think, 4-plot. This is former vass president, Alagore. You may have noticed, I've picked up the tempo somewhat. My cadence is punchier and more at the timber in my voice, more positive and confident. This thing, radio, you can't see the swagger in my walk, but trust me, it's there. On now you certainly heard I will not be running for press in in 2004. Let me tell you what. I'm not under drugs. Now, don't have a drinking problem, although I still like a good belt of bourbon more than occasionally. Now, friends, since my parents aren't on third-at-law, I've decided to take another direction in life. I've never realized I was the damn funny. For the first time in my life, people are actually laughing with me and not at me. So, I'm going to become a Senate comedian. I've already been blocked at the Ha Ha Seller in Newport, Richie Florida, and Yaks in Lancaster, Pennsylvania. Initially, I'll be performing with other funny men. I'm on the bow with Jeff Fox for the thin blood, Elaine Dufler, and Judy Tanuda, who plays the squeep box. I've retained the old-garden-leaverment tour bus with smiley faces and the mess with comedy and tragedy. You knew I was so damn funny. I've also taken it having sex publicly with tipper. Good times. See you on the road, the road of laughter. It's 1131 at 5.60, and WQAM. A couple of good things happened while I was on vacation. Cardinal Law resigned finally under tremendous public pressure. That was number one. Number two, Algorse, is he not going to run in 2004? Even better news. And how do you like the bunch? See, I like John Kerry a lot. I don't know if he can win because he's liberalized from Massachusetts. I don't think he can win. That's the problem. But Dick Gavhart? Oh my God. What are we talking about? John Edwards from your state, North Carolina? He's about as bland as Tampioca. Who else? Uh, Jewelie Breman? They're still talking about that? Yeah. 5. 6. 7. 0. 5. 60. I know. Yes, ma'am. Uh, Kim Zimmer is not merit talented. She's not? No. He's right. To some guy named AC Weary. Oh, what was married to Alan Tick? Why don't you have to be merit-clawy alluring? She used to be on days of our lives. Oh, that's right. That's right. Well, I knew what some soap opera brought. But, guiding light still blows. Even though I watch it every day. It does? Yes. Well, I think I'm not missing anything. Bye. Bye. Guiding light blows is what she said. Well, then I feel a lot better. Don't forget, passions today. On NBC two to three, don't want to miss that if you're a passions person, even if you're not. That woman had plays Beth's mother. I know she must have a name. She's one of those people that they never referred her by name on the show. She must have a name, you know, but we don't know what it is. Maybe somebody in our audience knows what it is since we have such a big passions viewing audience out there. We got one call left again. See, I will not do this. I will absolutely not continue doing this. I am definitely going to music. I think starting tomorrow. This audience doesn't want to take advantage of the golden opportunity. We don't have to talk about ball games on a show. We don't allow that. I think Rimmer finally like I said, put the last three nails in. Thanks a lot, Rimmer. You're buying. And he's buying for the pay if for me at the pizza lock. See, you always, he likes going places where the sponsors, where we don't have to pay. I don't like that, too, because then I don't have to buy either. Because I'm going to start. That's my new year's resolution during this year. I'm going to be just as cheap as he is. Well, I'm going to start work. I'm going to start working on it. Okay? 560, 050, 5060 on a AT&T. Domestika. And Verizon Wireless. Oh, and speaking of that. He calls me yesterday at home, remember to tell me that he was thinking. And I'm glad that he'd have vested himself of the idea of calling somebody to tell that Maki had done and encouraging the call in the show to say some words about renewing. You know who it was? Let me give you a clue. Domestika. And I said, I'm so glad you didn't do that. Because if there's anybody, we don't want to hear from, especially at a sad time like that. It's Larry Hunchback suspended FOIA's AT$ Bill King. Here's Keylar, go. Hello. Hey, help. Yes, sir. I wish I would. We'll stop on a ninja. I'm going to understand if you feel the little old shows with you viewing him. What? You're people that you all room job shows with you viewing him on the air. Yeah. And the other thing is I'm sorry. I missed him because I've only been for five years to call him again. The future generations when we got Chris Wells, remember all the propaganda about the future. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Here's Pompano Beach, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Listen, I just turned you on. So if you went over this, I apologize. But the Sun Sun will finally go around the right and above my career. Yeah, I know it was a little, a little crappy, open and it wasn't an article by Jika or Randy, but it writes about radio or TV and it was a pretty weak and it was all a stolen almost verbatim from the Harold that they before. Oh boy, I didn't read the Harold. I just saw it today. I was interested to be. I know you were mentioning it. You hadn't seen anything in the Sun Sun. Yeah, I know Steve finally got around to it today. Yeah, they're no hurry. And I'll still get everything else they eventually get around to something. Thanks Bill. See, that's what I said like before when you have the luxury of being in an apple. Well, you know, well, so we didn't get the news today. We'll put it in there tomorrow. See, when you're in a competitive market like in a good old days, when it used to be real newspaper competition, when American people were intelligent enough to read a newspaper. Well, in those days, it was like, you know, tooth and nail, let's get it in before the deadline and beat the competition. And you know, it was really a wonderful business. This is Wallace. That's her name. No, no, no, she's got a first name. I know her name is Mrs. Wallace, but she certainly must have a first name. Now, I think Louisa's called her by the first somebody has. That's just Mrs. Wallace. I mean, that could be like Linda, Mrs. Kevin Wallace. By the way, Linda, your horses still run from last night. Nice driving, Graham. 560, 750, 50 pound, five. I mean, why do you pull in the pocket like before the three quarter pull on a horse that's the favorite and go to winter race eventually anyway, Dave? What are you doing here, Angraham? Now, let's start with that pompado part stuff. How they're very uptight and sensitive there. And then, while you'll be calling in, while you can't see. Nice going again, eh? Last race, while you killed me. Here's Miami, hello. Hey, me, how are you doing? Okay. It was a renewing meal. He had to be older 60. I mean, that's the recording meal. No, he was not. Yeah, he was not older than 60. He was not older than 60. No, he was not. In addition, which let me ask you this, what difference does that make? I just want to just struck me as I want to ask you in. What difference does that make? None in particular. Thank you. See, leave it to this time. You know, I had to dump remember, yesterday I had to dump three calls from people saying grotesque, everyone thinks about a guy who just died. Now, I could understand who was a guy who just died, who was a guy who was hated or you know, guy who was controversial, I could almost understand that. But this is a guy who was pretty much liked by the people who listened to him. And you know, a lot of people thought he was a old style or whatever. And they listened to somebody else. But it wasn't somebody that you disliked. Where that was controversial. And yet in this town because this is the city of hate because there's so many like this last guy, you know, again, that's ancient news. What difference does it make how old he was? He's dead. You jackass. Five, six, seven, oh, I'm telling you. You can't complain about the class of the people who this time because they don't have any. In fact, let's do research on it. Let's check the internet. In fact, why don't we check the age of somebody who's still alive? That would be a better idea. I don't want mention no names. Why do we check the age of somebody who's still alive? Who might be lying about his age? Who might be a lot older than you like you to think? I'm not thinking of anybody a particular George. You know what I'm saying? I don't have like anybody special in mine. Right. I have a feeling. I'll answer the question. It's something that's just something to do. Kill some time and it's time. Like a woman. Kill some people. Well, we can do that too. Five and speak at a women. Bull I say, let's do the lady in sunrise. See if we have a real lady call her. Hello. Hi, me, how are you? Okay. Happy healthy new year. I love you. I want to know just as a gossipy thing. What do you think, Sandy Payton? So I didn't you want to say that she didn't read and well as something when he was fired. Remember old, Sandy Payton? Yeah. Did anybody say anything about her? She didn't read and well. I don't remember that. Yeah. You would once said that. Oh, that's right. You're right because of the man or fact. For a million years. Yeah, that's right. Because the two of them supposedly when she worked, they were very tired and I should go cook. He should go cook. Cook. Yeah. And then she had a cry. She turned on him because she was a rat. She's a real rat. I wanted to find what she is. I still think she's hiding in Bishop's body somewhere. Lisa, keep it away from Dwight. Oh, he won't. She's got the last laugh. She inherited them for a chance. Happy healthy new year. Sandy, I love you. Bye. Bye. How do you like that? Of course, you know what they said about it. And remember what Dwight Latterdale said? Thanks forever to get that taste and smell. How do you systemach them? I still out as long as I live. I'll never forget that great day where we were lucky enough to get the video tape. I don't want to say who brought us that. That that the girl brought that video tape. But from Channel 10, when they were doing that, now what was the story about his matter? What about you? It was a piece about me. But for what reason was it like my 25th anniversary? I thought that. Yes. Whatever. And so Channel 10, I appreciate it very much because at least the two or three of the TV stations did a piece. 25 years on the air, he's still a prick. He's still a fact. And the tape for Channel 10, somebody blew the editing over there. And they put stuff on the air that was like not supposed to be on. Well, apparently, Gail was in charge of the editing. Oh, was she really thought you were saying something else? Oh, if she's still there. Yes. Oh, thank goodness. We like Yelakiel. It was an honest mistake. Do we believe her? No, she probably didn't intentionally. Good. Nice work, Gail. So they're playing this piece about 25 years on the air. And he's a guy. And they go to the tape of me. And I'm sitting here, landing and waving. And I'm talking about a great, he's eating. Yeah, he's talking about eating ass on the air. And they're playing this on Channel 10. And of course, all of a sudden we fade from the picture. And there's Dwight sitting there with his eyes bulging out of his head. Like a bouffot code. Well, he sure is a controversial one. And then they go out of the next story real quick. Trying to, I mean, just speechless for like moments. They're speechless. That he really say, he's talking about eating ass. Did he say that? Yes. And there it is on Channel 10 news. And of course from that moment, it's when we discovered that Dwight's big into eating ass. Right? Which is why he shaved out that mustache because it got in a way. And was vision about it. And then of course, he died. And after that, he didn't have to worry about all that belly. It can maybe he'll grow it back. And the mustache too. Nice going, Dwight. I never watched Channel 10 news. I like Don, no, but I certainly don't like their news. Do you like Channel 10 news? You know what? I can't decide what I want. I always flip. I'm still stuck on Channel 4 news. And I don't know. I guess it's caused Bob Soapers there who covering the state of Florida in the way. I hope he's not upset. In fact, Bob Soapers should have called us too about Mike Dine. You know what? It just dawned on me. Maybe Bob's pissed off at me because of the fact I mentioned how fatty got he's covering the whole state of Florida in the weatherman. Bob will always love you. Or we love Bob Soaper and Susan too. Our kind of people. Good people. And of course he's one of the fat people, which is also why I love you. You know, I've spat folks stick together. I've got all the fat people we like. Like look how funny you are with Josh Friedman. 1141 at 5.60. And how fond I am a fat boy. 19 till noon all we do like Julio or Fed Engineer. He's a great guy. See? So go to show him how all fat people are assholes. Hey guys, the new year is here. If your new year's resolution is a high-paint computer career. Now is the time to act. Fast train is holding a free career seminar this evening at its Kindle. Miami, Fort Lauderdale and Pemperpines locations. It's a free seminar. What do you got to lose? Except your crappy dead end job. Call 1-866 Fast train to reserve your seat. That's 1-866 Fast train. Make 2003 the year that you're in a high-paint computer job. If you're overworked if you're underpaid if you're stuck in a really crappy job. This could be the most important 50 minutes you'd like you be spending. Fast train can have you certified already for that dream job. Just four short months. Call Fast train. Tull free at 866 Fast train. They've got convenient day evening and we can classes for you. Call 1-866 Fast train to reserve your seat forward this evening for directions you can check them out on the web if you're like at FastTrain.com. You're a sports radio 5-6-4. You a-m. Yeah. 835 team. How can I even hear you anymore? Oh, there's no reason for that. I have to run button. So in other words, what you hear is what you get. I have just tasted your snap. I'm going to take the cheese train. They've been here. The world don't know I want. Be known. And now watch harder than yesterday. The bottom playground but stay away. I bet you know what I'll be piercing at. 14-0. At 566 WM Brittany a can. Says the star. I'm not even going to dignify your appearance with a comment. Okay, Boca. Boca Bryant just came in here looking like Joe Pesci and Dreg. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. You're not sure. You're not sure if you can see it. It's too bright and it's little computer manual. I don't think about Carl's. But every single piece of advice he's given me about my computer has been crammed. The ad aware. Did that do anything? No. No. Look at that. Oh, did they steal those from the morning show? We had a whole bunch of musk rats now. I wish we had a musk rat ramble I'd play it. What more did those come from? The ranch. Look at that. That's a lovely. In fact, I guarantee if you leave those in the studio for the morning show he'll be wearing those over the weekend. There's no joy of Pepsi and Brittany's spirit's life. And not since the soda giant hired destiny's child beauty, Beyoncé Noles. What kind of a name is Beyoncé? Or Beyoncé? To replace her as their spokeswoman. Oh, did I despise destiny's child? They make me think child. They make me just want a puke. Brittany's ticked off says an insider she heard from some friends and see they talk about perpetuating ugly stereotypes. What what destiny's child is is that's what they're all about, aren't they? Death in each child. I mean, just their whole approach is if somehow black people, that's you. George has got the old musk rat peace sign. He looked like Daniel Boone on a bad day. Brittany's ticked off says an insider she heard from some friends and Pepsi they were placing her for Beyoncé because they wanted someone more family friendly. The truth is that when you wrote pop TV images changed drastically since he signed her Pepsi contract. For months her behavior has been rude and crude. Oh, right. And her partying out of control she even flipped the finger at fans before that concert Mexico City last summer. Oh, right. And the recent revelation by her ex-boyfriend in Stinksinger just in Timberlake who won that she's not in pure and chased as she made herself out to be. Didn't help either. I guarantee she's chased by your guy with a penis every straight guy. And even a couple of faggots. Justin's been hitting that Brittany was unfaithful during their relationship and that she's not a virgin also as a friend. On top of that, a star recently reported sources claim Brittany cheated on Justin with Ben Affleck. Oh, yeah, we're buying that. Oh, she's not the type of girl parents want their kids looking up to. I guess you probably like to be looking up to her. Sure. But that's another story. For another day. Lots of openings on at phone 560560. Pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line. 348 votes on the pool. What's your take on the Miami-Herald? 13 sets of great news paper. 19 people say there are a bunch of virulent anti-Semites. 56, it's the best of a sorry lot in South Florida. 114 said it sucks. 146 it pandered so much it should be entirely in Spanish. Is what this audience, including yours truly says. Especially in the wake of that ridiculous article about the prank call. And you know what's we have an ad one person call us today who said that they listened to WSDJ or Hort Joe Ferrero and Enrique Santos or have any idea what that's all about. And yet in the English language here, there it is on the front page. Like it's a big story that all of us may community really give a flying crap about which we don't. More of the same. It's just never as, you know, see these people either one or two things. If they've been beaten down and brow beaten with this crap so much that they just have given up. They're through an entow or they're just a bunch of simmering, uh, a simmering weeklings. Kind of like that. It'd be a Greg from, uh, port say loosely, simmering weeklings. I think that's a perfect way to describe him. Simpering. 560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Here's Weston. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay. Good. I was just wondering if you saw the interview with Miriam Olafon and the set. Oh, today we'll take a topic here. No. If I was here in fact, machine I attended to you. I've got a talk about how she has to double the fee. Each of the cities oversee their elections so that she can afford. Get this to maintain the high quality standards that they've come to expect as a lecture. Right. Yeah. I mean, I thought that was kind of humorous. Other than her skin color, I'd like to hear 50,000 reasons why that woman still has her job. I'd like to hear one. Oh, as a matter of fact, that was another great thing that happened while I was away. David Lee, he resigned today. Oh, that's good. Good start. Now let's move right on to Broward. Yeah, but I don't remember happened as long as they get the NTA, double A, whatever. The NCAA and the P, right? Yeah, I was people. Anyway, have a good day. Happy New Year. And say hi to Mary of Elephant. Okay. Thanks. How do you like that? She still got the job. I mean, isn't confident as the day is long, and she still be having the job. Kind of reminds me of that traffic one we used to have over there at Paxon. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T. It's called having a job for life is what that's called. And for rise of marvelous line? Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah, I'm going to. Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes, sir. Deal. How are you? Okay. Wow. That was a quick deal. You really are a little annoying and light on the call today, huh? Low. We, I'm begging and pleading all day. All day. I'm going to pull out the remote here and change the channel for a second. I need to run about stupid these people are down here in the south floor area if you have one minute to listen to. Yeah. I work for a company. I'm not going to go into great detail that provides the service for houses. And the guy called goes, oh yeah, you know, we got broken into. So I need your service to come in here and alarm my house for me. So we'll just leave it at that. So I, you know, I jump on my horse and I run right out there. You know, I'm on a commission base. I need to make a few bucks. I get out there. I drive 20 minutes to get there. You know what, I want to find the contract yesterday with another company. We don't need to. I said, look, you just told me to come out here. You gave me directions here. You gave me the time to be here. Right. You know, the house stupid are these freaking people. I'd sue his freaking ass. Well, you know what, and just, uh, just the place sucks. Amen. Good luck, you pal. I hope you win the lottery. What's the lottery up to now? And aren't they doing a lot of it twice a week now or something as it wins the insanity? Well, when you, when you're shaking your head like this, if anybody, I know a lot of it, we plan the lottery. It's you. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. But, but, sure, says that if he ever wins the big one, he might have given me some of that money back. 560, 50560, pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line. Doug McClay and new coaches are Columbus straight jackets. Fire Dave King. Anybody care? No. Here's a plantation. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I was on hold yesterday. I was trying to get through. And I, I, I, I, what, you had to go to work. I'm sorry. I'm because I know you're saying like, don't I was on hold when the one guy who's calling and saying that crap about renewing? You know the bad stuff? Yeah. The thing of pisses me off is, you know, that you say something bad about like, mole like, that's for instance, like, I will move get's cancer and his act. 560, pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line. Like I said, better you than me, as far as live in here, man. Better you than me. This is a toilet. This is a festering sewer of nincon poops of imbecils, simple dance, misfits, losers, the endothalls. And these people, I don't want to start you into an ethnic thing, but the very people that keep running around saying, hey, we made Miami what it is today. I got news for you. If I was responsible for making Miami what it is today, I'd keep it a secret. You know what I'm saying? I'd go into hiding somewhere if I was responsible in any way shape or form for making this town into the toilet and divisive and hateful place that it is today. I'd keep it a real secret. Here's Hollywood, hello. Hello, yes sir. Okay, it's Ron from Toronto. How are you doing? How's it going, eh? Well this shift our attention to Toronto, our real town, right? Yeah. Tell me what newspaper you read in Toronto, the star or the... I read the sun is my favorite, even though their politics are obnoxious to me, but it's an excellent newspaper especially the sports section. And I read the star and then I'll read the Globe and Mail in the National Post. I'll read all four of them, but I'd like to sun in the star every day. Okay, even the haircars are set to be free. Recently no. Okay, what do you think have to have to fans there in the main section down below? The expensive seats. Where are they during the game? You look at the game, they're all... Yeah, well I'm like Maple Leaf Gardens where they used to get back in the seats before the beginning of the next period. I mean religiously. Air Canada Center is good. The hallways are so narrow that when they go out there to get their beers in their food and everything, that's difficult to get back right away. So the first three or four minutes of each period, those expensive platinum seats are empty and a place looks like a good. I don't like the ambiance in that place at all to be honest with you. It's not even a shadow of Maple Leaf Gardens. I mean the Raptors too are really thinking of the joints. So I mean it's unbelievable. Our teams are comparable to yours, the Raptors. Well what do you mean by that? The Leafs are having a good season after that bad start. They got 45 points. What are you about? Well, when I'm not complaining about the leaves. Oh, you can't complain about your team either. Your team up here is done very well. Yeah, the difference being that up there, they sell out every game with steady remover and here nobody cares. That's the difference. Now even when they still don't care, set that one weekend, they don't care. How about talking? Talk radio to you listen to any. I've never turned the radio out of the listen and will leave Schema to radio one time in a playhouse. I was taping Joe Bowen last year. I have never turned my radio on in Toronto ever once. We have a guy at Bob McCow and he's our most popular guy. He's on the fan's behind the. He sits in Vegas though and does his show from Vegas. Well talking about Toronto. I thought about doing the same thing. Sitting in Toronto and doing your shows. Sitting in Toronto and doing my show what. You know, you're Florida show, but up in Toronto. You could do the same thing. I know that all the time Ron, I do that like half of the year. I'm off in Toronto. Yeah. Oh, I've never heard of that way. Can I get it on you? How often do you? It's on this station. On this station. It's every day. Okay. How often do you listen to the show Ron? Well, I'm on the down here for about a month. I see. Is your mom still where she was before? She's still the same. Okay. Maybe I'm in that same development. Oh, my God. Well, going give her a big kiss for me. Okay. Hit you with me. Okay. See you around, okay. Okay. Whoa. Wow. And Hitler's got a bad headache as well. I'm here. That's a nice job. It all saved us all the trouble. Good. Golly Miss Molly and President Lincoln's got a bad headache. And George Washington just chopped down a tree. And they Lincoln just went to fly a kite. Which I think is what I'm not ready to do. Man, this is a real fly open today. I'll tell you. Three minutes till noon is 5.60 W to cure. We got 365 on votes on the poll, though. And they're not too fond of the Harold. 13 people say it's a great news paper. And the rest of basically a one way that they save to the Harold. Okay. Screw you bastards at the Harold is what we say. I'll tell you place where you can go get away from all of this. And that's a place where you can just pick out like crazy. The Emerald Coast Chinese buffet. Whether you're big, whether you're small, whether you're fat as a cow. It doesn't make any difference because everybody loves great fresh food. And that's what you find at the Emerald Coast. They have three locations for you. They're in sunrise, North Miami Beach. And now the newest location in prestigious, Pembroke Pines. Sturgeon, mouthwatering experience with some or all of their six delicious soups. Then they've got dozens and dozens of suck of the on-trace for you to munch on. And we're not just talking oriental goodies. All kinds of good stuff. There's oriental surf and turf on a weekends. A newer strip steak made awarded the gourmet center. That's a sizzling Asian grill featuring Terriaki steak shrimp. Chicken seedland and car prime rib. The Emerald Coast for most healthy living. There's no cornstarch, no MSG, no crap. They use only cholesterol free oils and all their cooking. And the buffet features a full salad bar. And those sushi bar and a fresh shrimp cocktail. And Emerald Coast famous lobster pesto's back featuring lobster thermometers and lobster Bisc. And of course at the Emerald Coast we always advise you to take along that crowbar. Or just stick your hand down in your pants and pull it away in the wasteland too. So you have a little room left for dessert because the dessert bar is great. And you have a lot of nice fries and cakes and pastries ice cream with all your favorite toppings. And first truth, they even always be having watermelon at the Emerald Coast. So whether you're dark light in between no matter what the deal is, they welcome you with open arms and legs. Three locations sunrise, Pine Island or 44th Street, condoms have it. Just north of 163rd North Miami Beach. And it's the inner six to flamingo and pepric road in pepric pines. They accept reservations. Take on delivery available too for delivery. For whatever call 9.545723822. Be sure to check out the new Oriental chicken salad. Tell that skippy said you buy for a big feast at the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet. This is 2156. You a M. Ferrar, it beat it well the water. On WQA. Yeah. Go go go go go go go go go go go go. Go go go go go go. Go go go go go go go go go go. Now the judges take some mouthful of the sausage and pork his pants. That pipe's more coherent and circumcised queue would fit in. And gay should have figured a day. Yeah, that's a fool! I'm a cranky homophore. But, uh, not that I mind it, but I'm way too old. I bet the size about fear than bed. And a twist with feet loathe, my man-friend, did it. I'll just make up with ginger or something. And then ask him to break my buns. Oh, there's no ver again. So I would not feel the most old. No! And I would not be ashamed. About a ginger and more gay union. Just pull him and stroke him away. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Boy, baby, go be your nut night tight. Yeah! Just sound like a mine year old kid. Aaaaaa! Only a much old menly guy. You don't know this. That makes me lift my wig. If ginger was a lover of mine, I'd bury my boathe's feiny nose. Inside is a pimply rear end. Right, though. No, I would not feel a sport-owned house. If I was not a plod's at the face, That's why your ginger and more gay union would make me feel dizzy. Yeah! Everybody follow my thousand balls. Yeah, ginger and more gay union. That would make my sorrow-phone-y ass-kills-same. If we had a ginger and more gay union, That wouldn't have to get me raped. To come up 3-560 WQA and let's remember one word of bullet. We just played it the first time. If you haven't 73 votes on a poll, What's your take on a hero? 13 people, 3.4% say it's a great newspaper. There are a bunch of virulent antisemites 20. It's the best of a sorry lot in South Florida 63. It sucks 123. And if panders so much who should be entirely in Spanish, 154 got their thumb right on it. You're absolutely correct. 8 is enough star under suicide watch. After he's busted again on DUI charge. Former 8, why is it that all of these people? Not all of them, but most of them. These child stars. All of these former child stars. They wind up just going to Hellenahan cascade. They just drugs and booze and what is that all about? Because they grow up, people are treating the like their hot crap when they just happen to be a cute kid and they happen to be just crap. Right. Former 8 is enough star out of merchandise. Suicide left. There's recent arrest on a charge of DUI. A friend reveals. Anim is deeply depressed. He feels he has nothing left to live for. Said the friend, the pal. Anim sat in jail for hours because no one would bail him out. Not even members of his own family who've had it with him. The only money wanted to bail him out was his TV dead dickfan Patton. who felt bad because he hadn't been able to help Adam find work. Rich 34 in a relation to Fat Rich, who played cute Nicholas Bradford, who has been played by drug problems for years, in 1988 into what treatment for cocaine addiction, the following year he nearly died of an overdose of valium. In 1992, he had a drug we have after pleading no contest to felony charges and drug charges, felony burglary weather. Two years ago after he did another stint in rehab at the urging of French Charlie Sheen, Rich told the inquirer that after the show ended 1981 he got into a drug roll wind. His latest arrest came in the early morning of December 18, when Rich crashed his 2002 Chrysler Seabring through a construction barricade on a freeway in Pomona, California, and early rear-rended a highway patrol car on the scene to protect roadworkers. The officers sitting in a patrol car heard the suspect coming and saw the cones go flying, patrolman John Escobito told the inquirer, they stepped on the gas gut to hell out of the way. Despite vehicle shot past them, then they made an enforcement stop at about 240 in the AM. Mr. Rich failed a field sobriety test was arrested on charge of intoxication due to either alcohol or drugs. Rich had recently accompanied Vampen on trip to Italy to promote the world series. It inches as enough. Adam seemed clean as a whistle Vampen told the inquirer. Maybe he's talking about what his clothes are. He called me last week and asked if he would call my brother Timmy who dresses a pranos of a Canadian with job and I never called him back. Now I feel kind of bad. Yeah, you ought to feel bad, Dick. He should have called him back. He could have gone among the supranos. In fact, look at the picture there with the scruffy beard. It looks like a hitman for Cranau Lyod if I ever saw one. If I'd have talked to him, maybe this wouldn't have happened. Said Dick, Adam needs help and I hope that he gets it. Said the pal Adam has been living in a small one bedroom, permanently, getting by on residual checks and juggling credit cards. He's deep in debt. Even as Mama said to with him, when she was called after a son to rescue his side and said, I'm not surprised. His friend added everyone's biggest fear that eventually they'll find that in debt of an overdose. And the beat goes on. Don't be a child star. There's a lesson for all you people out there. All you punks and all you parents out there don't let your kids become child stars. Because several bad things can happen. One of which will be that they'll turn out to be a big celebrity star themselves and now write a book until everybody would have peace of crap you were. And how you ripped off their money. Right. Like the beat sports. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line here. Peabird Pines. Hello. Yeah. I have a dream that Osama will die and Moorah will cover it. 560, we got one call left at a board. If this audience will never make it to one o'clock. I mean, I got my music. So I can play a lot of music between now and one. But you guys just, you the tank is empty. The tank is empty. And I have a feeling now. I fear for the worst for this station in this community for this new year. Because you can smell it. I mean, they are just as dry as the desert as the Sahara. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. They have nothing to say about anything in the world. Anything in the world. So anybody who's listening on the internet, any place else, trust me when I give you some of the best advice you'll live here in your life. Do not ever come to South Florida. Well, ever even think about coming here. Here's Miami, hello. Hey, that's you. Hey, hey, I'm Neil. Okay. I say welcome back, but it sounds like you're ready to get back out of here again. Getting close. Yeah, listen, a couple of things. One, I want to submit my application. I've been laid off a couple of times last year with a straight economy that our friends have been taking care of. I also want to have the elections for our six figures a year. No problem. Yeah. Okay. Anyway, one more thing. I remember we're seeing a reneary back in like early 90s. And he was a good guy. I don't know why anybody's going to rip on him. Well, like I said, I had a dump two or three calls and another one here today. And because you got assholes out there, this is a town that's overrun with assholes. You should know that. I mean, you know, usually morning guy do the traffic and news. It was a nice guy. Right. And they still got a rip on ass even after he croaks. I don't get it, man. I don't get it. Good luck, you pal. Anyway, you think he's good luck to us. Okay. The image or Georgia like to contribute to show I have hundreds of hours of tape from the old WOD days old McRenary Promova. Let me know if you've been interested in any old tapes. No. Now, see we're like living in a prison now. It was fun. Those couple of deals. I didn't from that real radio stuff on the internet. From the disjockeys, the old Rick Shaw stuff and some of the DJs, Larry Lou Jack and etc. But generally speaking, we like dealing in the present. That's right. I'll try to live in the past. Although now that I think about it after today's show, the past seems pretty good. My comparison. The future looks like I said, bleak. I'll go back there. Let's go back to the past. Let's get James Darren in a time tunnel. And go back like the 87 Azadis sounds good to me. Those were good days. What do you give me? What is your story? What are you giving me? Look. Book of Brimes in there would like a look and that hat. You look dangerous as how you look. It's good thing most not still here. Yeah. You would have thought you came in here with a two by four going after his ass. 10 past noon at 5.60 WQM. The mad dog from Schuillers at one hank Goldberg 3 to 7 in this studio in Oles. In his studio. 7 are clocky. Got the Hurcon's West Virginia basketball, Eddie K after the basketball game. And Joe and Mark 2 to 6 overnight. Well, it's a new year. And I know a lot of people are thinking, how did I gain all of that weight? Well, don't despair because with the Adkins low carb diet, those pounds can be gone before you can say before you can say. Blah, me. I'm very told, Dr. Racken's on a show last night. He likes the West book is what you can say. The Latsau West Book a mega store for the Adkins.Rain low carb sugar free diet is the place to shop. There's good reason to join the thousands who travel to Delights. They've got over 600 delicious low carb food products like their new control carb chocolate brownies and four scrumptious flavors with only one and a half carbs. So whether it's carbohydrate ice cream, bread, chips, muffins, cheese cakes, pasta and sauces, the Latsau West Book is the place and you can sample before you buy two. They have a knowledgeable staff open seven days a week and they are open every day 10 to 10 carrying the most complete line of Adkins brand products in the world that are always 25% off all day every day. And of course, Adkins even according to a channel or whatever it was, Adkins is one of the most effective diet still in the world and spread all the skeptics people who's went on like crazy. So if you're on one of those low carb or no carb diets, here's the place. The Latsau West Book on the Northeast corner of Blah's and 441 next to Boston Market. Why is he got written here in parentheses? The Latsau. What is wrong with PD Lenny? Is he an asshole or something? Uh-huh. Or you can call 1-877 low carb or on the website come on at locarp.com. Don't forget there's only one utilized in West book, your official adkins retail center. I. In local, your sports radio 560's UA. I don't believe it. I don't believe it. I don't know, yeah. I love the C. I. Look at me, girls, I want my team focuses but they fight my turn on the feeds. No, I want the fence, Oh my god. Why don't I have that bone trip up here or not? Oh Oh, welcome back to my蕁 for you with it. You said, ah, in himself No listen you I got my great great-grand landlord has listened today So let's keep things above bought in a scene that like that God damn fucking rated bjц Okay Look at that Oh, cool, yeah, more on I think this is for your important cool Hello I'm orange is supposed to say WQA I'm or something like that. Yeah, yeah, I got about it. What do you want? Is it true you bet against Miami? I don't know what you're talking about You bet against Miami. Yeah, I didn't panic and smile at me bet against Miami You got some noise, pal Question in my integrity bet against Miami How dare you? I didn't panic and snow buddy, I passed it Did it? bet against Miami By the way, something did you bet against Miami bet against Miami Oh, I thought you were an asshole Hey, that guy on asshole That guy there, why don't you say he's an asshole? I can't say wait for like that Why not? That's not nice Oh, yeah, well, you some kind of pussy No, I just did it You're good, that's it again I'm not dancing Yeah, I got it dance for you Yeah, but you're gonna be hit a you bengie stomp No, well, I don't want to play in our show yet Okay I'm comfortable Yes, you see the bottom of my shoe Yes, yeah Yeah, yeah Yeah That's you Thank you Yeah, you don't have a bone Stop 15 and five 60, what do you say? I don't have a bone spythe 60 WQAM Five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T line Here's Miami. Hello Hey, no, how you doing? Can't hear you Oh, I'm sorry. There you go, and I think when the holes in it were slightly crazy You know what? I'm about mole I mean, um, what gets me is goldie And I kind of feel the goldie is kind of he ties with you The sense he wants his job He kind of has to, you know, put up with mole and kind of go along with him when he starts running His little stick and I'm not that kind of Right, that's right. He sucks his ass He agrees with every dancing that he says Like when I listen to goldie he's like, oh, you bird You bird you don't pursue I can't, you know, that's so funny Yeah, I mean, most stick is just it's just lame It's ira Those are boss And as far as I feel about Miami I can understand how you feel Because you know how Miami used to be Right, you know, back, you know, 25 or 30 years ago Until course all of this happened And it's made of what it is today Which is a crack hole You know, when I first came here This was a pretty decent town And, uh, but I tell you what it is now I wouldn't wish you on anybody Well, you said the best You said that there's nothing wrong with the place It's easy to people transplant Hey man, you get from the people I'd hear they came from whoever And, you know, they're the places All right, for the most part I mean, you know, get the fuck down Fuck down Fusses lined up, line them up That's right Go in both directions Okay, pal hanging there All right, see this Those are boss 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T And, for rise of wireless lunch Oh, it's official, I'm doing a games with a crow this year Excellent You know, what a big Marlin fan I am Here's plantation, hello Hello, Niel Yes Now, remember 30 years ago Niel I was driving around on smaller road listening to you I wasn't here 30 years ago Yes, WNWS No And you were complaining about the same stuff Which I agree with you said everybody I was here 30 years ago But anyway But anyway Or, well, maybe it was 20 So whatever it was This sounds like they got with the eyes to me No Okay But anyway, you have any eyes Everybody being apathetic Yes, and they still are Yeah, which means I believe the meaning of that is they They don't give a crap, yes Yeah, they don't give a crap, well they do the other way And it's still things have been changed What is the point sir? The point, and like I said back then I was driving around F-blue with no wife Off the road, what's things enjoying your show Yeah Here we are about Okay, 25 years later, yeah And I'm driving around Taking up wide red of shorts, Luigi I guess basically with a little bit of a little more of a light Than that then But listening to show and Trinking some hansons, energy water Meshland Yep And let's see You know I don't have the damn thing to say But Van Boyne killed about 45 seconds They're one too bad We don't And have a great day That's a record for me Okay Happy New Year 560 560 I mean he was a little bit on a pond Reciber compared to I say about 90% of the cost That he was like we give him a purple start of gold jelly bean Poor Jerry Witzner You know how he just faded off to And they didn't say too much about Jerry Well Jerry, he was on you here for about 70 years Is he still a lot? No But he's still alive We talked about it on you What is wrong with you man? Forget like a horse So all those drugs They just destroy on you kids out there Bad weed destroys your memory Just ask Norma Kent and George Good weed now that's a different story What you can't get that here No, it does not destroy your memory What? 560 560 560 Oh and any day now It's going to be the big story from Ontario Canada About the pod business any day And it's going to make this USA Look even more in the end of the world And we know already that it is A country that just can't wait to throw your ass in jail For possessing a little bit of substance That you can grow right in the ground That would be like saying We found four four leaf clover in your apartment And you're going to jail Mr In fact you know who I think the person of interest What the hell is his name again? Richard Hutker Richard to have a have nail I think that they're going to find like some daysies In his apartment Maybe some red roses for a blue lady They better not find the dandelions And they better not find any pansies And as a parmodear guarantee is going right to defrow What about deflepper Here's Delray Beach, hello Happy New Year Sanious sir Thanks, let's go one ask you I haven't watched the news in a few days What's the newest thing with that clone And if I know it was fake or if you still Waiting to find out Do you really believe sir that A bunch of the animal Trust me there's no clone baby Trust me I mean they could have put someone a little more in college And I'm the new through the South of the college And I mean I won't look like she's by the way The brain of a fool I think art bells are going to come on to confirm it Turn out on CNN Oh and speaking of CNN I forgot to mention Good news, more good news See things are turned in very slowly Guess who's not running for president Tom Dashill Excellent news Because he has no chance Don't open the mail Tom 560, 560, 560 On the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line I think we might make it to water clock today I had my doubts there a couple minutes after noon Because it's been kind of a spastic day here But very, very slowly And I think I would apologize to South Florida for this Some of my comments that I would of course I'm not going to give one But you know it's taken a little bit of time now Because most people have been on a long extended busmen's holiday Right? I mean this isn't just your near look at three day weekend Something like that or like Thanksgiving But we've had all of these lengthy between Chanuka which came early this year And Christmas and New Year And a lot of people have been away long And now they're trying to put all their crap together again So the idea that they're just going to drop all of that for the honor Pick it up to phone and wait for half an hour 40 minutes an hour and a half, two, three hours To talk to a little fact, Fag on a radio I just don't think that's going to happen Huh? Let me be tomorrow they'll be more into it Do you think? No And if not I'll bring an extra music tomorrow I think that's a dandy idea Isn't like a dandy line Is it just a, I bring in all my old jingles I get all those WLS jingles All the Ckl W jingles And play a bunch of good stuff How about that? Huh? Not for me Oh, sorry, you're kind of, I'd say that tonight I did a little disclaimer there But you might like this all the way I have it, puny, you won't Saf we do and Stevie win wood Bring me a pie, you're alone Yeah, he's heard it because I've played it yesterday Here He's going to be more into it It's out there He's a real, the three days And next up I don't like you original drum Oh, you don't like Stevie wood either then I like him, how could you not like Steve wood That to me sounds like Tommy wood I'm always that song They played it like every two minutes Very depressed Let's see, thanks for your reflections And Mike, we're going up down here I developed a fascination with AM radio The years of you and Mike and they have a bomb The down, formative low, low, low, low, low, low, the Viewer to away from it is a career Good It says, thanks for the advice Here's somebody I helped. I saved their life They were interested in radio But thanks to my advice they've viewed away from this Is a career Thank goodness Because this week alone Just the last several days here Last of month You see all these people who are dying In an early age Because at least in part this business killed them They got screwed over Oh no You know something I can't hear I'm getting up and walking out No well-stied I give up From a drug overdose last year I just, I don't believe this Well look at this Here's what it says If you could tell me where I can listen to Steve Can I could start back on the dope Anyway, on another sad note Although he wasn't the caliber of machinery Stills a voice from South Florida I remember what some fun is He had a great voice That's all I can say for him Lead Gillette passed away last year From a drug overdose Wasn't sure if you knew about it Since now we did not know about that And George has got that look on his face Oh, did you know lead Gillette? I knew of him No, we spoke to him on the phone a few times I mean he was on the morning show on Zeta For like the first two days And then he said I don't think I want to be a doctor I don't think I want to be a doctor What was a bad mistake With his big booming voice He didn't want to be on some Some of your carts were left over there And he brought them by Or something like that He had a constant drug problem And it happens to the people Let's see Here's Laura Faxing says speaking of guiding like Guess who's coming back Signi Coleman who played Annie Oh no Who made Revers life impossible Crazy and it's coming back in mid January There must be desperate to go up that show Annie she was my least favorite character in history That show are real bitch Nasty Hateful bitch I'll speak to that I'm going to lunch at Mommy's today 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T The woman who destroyed my little dog's health Poor little guy You know actually 14 years And he's got the cataract Which you're going to have it removed I mean you know it's otherwise perfect But other than that he has not like any major Health problems okay Unlike my golden retrieved that had the constant ear problems and the infections But time has been okay But one week with that woman I wouldn't be surprised if she had the pepper and paprika going to She was probably feeding him the ground brown Burgers And then complaining about having a clean up dog Schmidt all the time You know I and when she told me that you have any ID high please that was I was I was high five in with tiny from long distance on the phone Nice going tiny keep it up take another one Good Get her down there with that rag with a damp rag on a flow clean up some mole 26 past noon at 560 WQAM Tom Laman in general sales manager Joe Prieto of Heliponex GMC which all the new Rogers listeners a jet a very happy new year And how it when you don't you're going to see an amazing selection of the areas biggest thing 2003 GMC on boys on boy XL's you cons you con XL's And then I'll always nobody's got a bigger selection in the hall at anywhere in the universe Heliponex also got the usual unbeatable selection of fine classy pre-owned cars trucks and SUVs And if the other guys in town don't want to cut you deal because you're quite it's a little on a week side No fear Heliponex is here they'll cut you deal So for the biggest selection right now as I speak on GMC SUVs Neal deals and lots of want to be treated like a real mence this is the place Heliponex GMC They're in a single location they've been doing people right for 35 excruciating years That's at 13411 South to Xie Highway US1 right across from the falls open every day of your life Seven days a week you can call the deal the hotline to get more info at 1 triple eight five three four forty two eleven That's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven You can mention you heard about on the near Rogers show because you'll save even more with the deal Heliponex GMC who are professional grade Hi Hello This is for 25 What are you doing I'm not Less is more the CEO's guy to cutting corners and downsizing personnel by Jason Jennings One of the top selling books in the post-end run era has inspired one of the world's oldest CEOs to write his own book Make me rich then go drop dead by Charles Lane This is Charles Lane you may not know who I am but you know me if you're saw me So you want my advice and how to run a successful business a well you listen to me and you'll be rich rich and here's how I'm staying You're here and here right away See me see you. Yeah good work on that cost benefit analysis. Thank you CEO. Yeah get out your five Well, I've been with you for five winners us can get out Hey, paradise let's go and miss their thumbs that I'm hot There's the OEC for me here watch this statement Yes, you're a presentation on your new ad campaign Now get out your fire Here you go Yes, the old Tell you I'm in cyber says I'm laying everybody off Yes, oh and one more thing Yes, you're fired so get out make me rich and go drop dead by Charles Lane Your guy to success in the new bush economy Oh, right. Oh, now a triangular bush dot board Call 30 at five sixty wqm the man dog from Schultley's coming up on a clock Uh, yes, who sent me this facts Remember can block Ah, I thought that can block and you know what it is Here are the entries for the fourth race in Hollywood Graham track today You know what the four dogs name is I'll give you a clue Oh, thank you. Goldberg that was funny. That credible Hanks got a dog named after him Four hundred and six votes on a pool what's your take on a hero? I know Hanks very far to the hero not Which is really interesting because back when he used to work for all was it be brosobrstein the ad agency One of their I think the biggest fire was the hero but over the years Hanks has seen the light I think it was the day they hired Burrie Jackass that we'd kind of turn them around Four hundred and six votes on the take on a hero There are a bunch of virulent anti-semites Twenty one there are great news paper twenty six. Oh, moving up It's the best of a Surrey lot in South Florida 65 It sucks a hundred and twenty nine and a panda so much it should be entirely in Spanish 165 We'll save this for the hump or okay, don't me forget I'm sure you'll enjoy seeing his name there on a ha And of course and they also had a good permission for that. Do you know that no? No, at least they do in horse racing I'm sure they do the same with dog racing if you're going to use the name of a living person you have to get permission Maybe he does about it. Maybe it says dog. It is not his dog. Thank you on the stable Here's Carl Springs. Hello Hey, you're doing your okay Hey, it's one of the first time call. I just want to tell you that the best radio ever heard in my life I'm from New York was when you guys were on with call that yourself and then later on with Rick and Sutt And Reneri and then a ghost no Henry. I saw this in the house. Are you sure? Excuse me. I remember those days. Yeah, I remember the time. You know the funniest. I never called you but the funniest thing I ever heard Was the time Steve Kain called your father. Remember I had your father on? No. You know remember that? He came called my father. He calls you a father. What did he call him an asshole? I don't know but you let me tell you the story. This was like that's low 15 years ago. He called you father. He had your father on the radio and your father was given an expose that he wanted to get together with you and everything else And I remember you'll response the can of that time. I'm sorry about Reneri. It was a great guy. I was a real special guy. You've had that build a few times. I don't know where you're going from here. Where are you going from here? What do you mean by that? I'm going over to mommy's for lunch. What do you mean by going from here? What does that mean? I love the venue mentioned or someone mentioned to me. I don't know who did that you're going to offer radio stations. Oh yeah. You're going to be on WKPX on FM starting Monday. Let's see. Here's a follow. Here's Ligilets like itinerary. Not as resume but like somebody has got all of where he worked. And then an asterisk of the bottom says Ligilets died in Clinton. I will August 13th, 2000 month of a drug overdose. I've already heard 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T and Verizon. What did this last old Cocker Sammy? What was he saying? Here's a call from Port Charlotte. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Hey Neil. I haven't. This is the first day and two and a half years I've heard your voice. How's that possible? Well, I'll tell you. You told me if you saw me back in 1991 you were doing a semelisal experience at the brand's martyred field and I pulled a cardboard fish out of my pants. Really? Do you remember that? No. Oh, I see that. Anyway, I gave up on Florida and I'm losing it. Well, that was that what that thing was. Yeah. I made it all the way out to Arizona. Yeah. But it's no better. So I came back but now I'm on this side. It sucks over here. Well, I'll see in Missouri. Okay. It's right. It made way in between. God, we didn't know how to pick him. He was probably in Sun City and he's coming back to sunrise lakes. Well, just keep doing it and pretty soon you'll be able to know if they were really belong one of them joints. 567.0560 pound five 60 on a AT&T in Verizon. Wireless line is the beat goes on, baby. Oh, you're not going to be here to feel the pulse. The pulse and the beat of South Florida. Yeah, beat this. We keep reaching for a pulse. We can't find one. Do you know that fat rich when he collapsed? Do you know that? What I told you that story? Yeah. I only was his blood pressure 50 over 30 but when the permit is gone, they couldn't find a pulse. How do you like that? I don't like it. Scary. Yeah. Good news is you lost four more pounds last week and he's looking pretty good and walking around just fine. And you know, had a miserable night at the track last night. But he's doing okay. That's the important thing. He did have a, he had a role before, you know, before dinner. And Derek was sitting there, bitching him out and screaming and carrying on. So what he sliced in the half of what I did is I reached across the table and took half of it and slammed it back in the, and they are thing good. Yeah. Half a role is better than on rich. Cut the crap. Lots of hats you, hello. Me, oh, good afternoon. Yes, sir. Good afternoon. You're serving happy New Year. Yeah, I'm just, oh. Happy circus. This is in the on, McQueen's taking over the coaching. What is my, what? Position. Pron. Oh, what, what does that mean? What is my position on it? What's my opinion, you mean? Yeah, what's your take? Well, I don't know. He did a good job here. I don't, I think that Blame and Dave King for the team's figures is a mistake because that team has got some very bad deficiencies. They don't have enough goal scoring. Number one, a number two, the defense is a little on the shot he's side. And I mean, their goal tennis is good and he's pretty good. But, you know, but I guess he just have to make a change. I don't think that Doug, he's going to have to make some personnel changes. He can bring in, he can bring back punch in lock until Blake is coach. And that team isn't going anywhere as it's, you know, they got a couple of nice players on it. They got like four or five nice players, wouldn't he? And cylinder in Fiborney and the, and we're clustered. Yeah, and then that's it. And Sanderson. Watch it. There's a lot of application. Okay. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. It's hockey talk. Let's hear it. Here is Miami Beach, hello. Neil? Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? Okay. Hey, there's one I know if I just started looking to show about 15, what? 15, 20 years ago, yeah. About 20 minutes ago. I just want to know if did you see that show last night, the, the, the, the, the, the, The, the, the, the, no, I've been watch said if you've paid me by the minute. Oh, it's, it's funny man. All these girls are being, uh, strong along. It's got to make 19,000 a year. They got them, they got these girls believe it. And he's gross to top it all off. I'll only look at the women. They're pretty nasty to the. Good scan. Okay. Good luck to pal. He'll be on next week. Okay. That's it. Twenty two minutes ago. Did I say a little water. I thought we would make it. I was wrong. Not the first time in my life. I made a bad, bad judgment. I mean, look, I came here tonight. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. We've got, let me count them. 4, 5, 600 open lines right now. Waiting just for you. To share with us your important thoughts on the things that make the world go around. That makes out for what it is today. A big oozing pile of human excrement. We'll wait. We're not in any big hurry here. We'll wait. And in fact, we'll go back to Stevie Winwood. Bring me a pie, you know, love. Talk for your children, like it. You don't like Stevie Winwood. I find that to be absolutely unacceptive. You like Bruce Springsteen, but you don't like Bruce. And just a joke. He hates Bruce Springsteen just like I do. Who sucks? Here's my me, like, cello. Hey, are you doing Neil? Okay. Hey, you have any idea when they're going to show a new episode of Spawnville, man? Well, he's really good. Funny you should mention that because my next story is about Smallville. No, well, yeah. Next, we from, uh, wait a minute. Yeah, we from tonight. Yeah, because tonight they are like a two hour of the sort. Fourteenths. Wait, what do we from tonight? And what do you think of, uh, do you think I'm willing to get superman or what? Yes. All right. Because I like to see him with a cape on. Have a great day, pal. Or off as the case, maybe. Christopher Reeve, then our paralyzed actor, sort of movie famous Superman, will soon lend some guidance to Young Clark Kennedy upcoming episode of the WB television series Smallville. WB spokesman Paul McGuire yesterday confirmed a report by TV guy that re-viled guests star in February as a brilliant scientist who provides Clark with revelatory insight into his superhero destiny. Woo. Ready for that? revelatory insight into his superhero destiny. Smallville now in its second season as one of the WB's top rated show stars Tom Welling as a hot teenage Clark can't come into grips with his superhuman strength. And the years before it grows up to become a mild man and reporter, who Moonlight's is the red cape man of steel. The episode with Reeve is slated to run during the key ratings sweep and a February fire set according to the report in TV guy's next edition, which hit news stands next Monday. The Vancouver based production will be shot in New York City to accommodate Reeve who was paralyzed in the next out on 1995 horseback riding accident. Reeve was best known for playing the title role as 1978 hit film Superman and two movie sequels. What's the name of that bit? Superman? I think so. That's not the name of it. It was Superman five I think. I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I am suffering. Yeah, but he could move a finger now. On a, actually, I had Pat Boone's son on there with a king by student, I saw four seconds of that while surfing channels. You know, the one that had some horrible accident and it's also like like that Pat Boone. Now, you think that a guy a Godfaring man like Pat Boone wouldn't have such a misfortune in his family wouldn't you. Maybe too much, it maybe too much of that rock and roll later on in his life. You know, too much of that crap. Just really trying to settle on album. Maybe that's what turned things around for Pat or it was that Boone in the box. It could have been the old Boone in the box. So you remember that, huh? You, you held up a gold Boone in the box. Oh my God, do I remember those wonderful days? The Boone in the box. We'll talk about that momentarily. 19 to one and I forgot not about that. That was sensational. Goody two shoes born again Pat Boone with his long stuck right through a box is a college prank. To a cardboard box. One much. When you shop for quality footwear speaking of size, great selection and professional service. There's only one place to go that is to take your feet right over to Brandy shoes and pop in a wits a treat for your feet. At Brandy shoes you find the biggest slice of men's women shoes, the best service, the best prices in town anywhere is and at Brandy's you find top quality names like rock ports, foreshime, SAS, spare a timbre of naturalizer and lots of spores. And with Brandy's humongous selection, you'll almost never hear sorry Mr. we don't have that style in your size or man or whatever they want to call you. So find out why most of Brandy's customers not only keep coming back, but usually by several pairs per visit. Brandy's is open every day, 9 to 9 Sunday, 10 to 5 and you'll find them at 1290 North Federal Highway in Pompatobiech's always worth a trip when you take your feet for a treat and your meat to Brandy's. And all this wicked Brandy's is agreed time to buy new balance shoes. All men's in women's styles 20% off this week only at Brandy's in Pompino Beach. And look all this is Portrail V-60. 2AM. FAP. Coming soon to a theater near you. Christopher Reeve is Superman 5. Hell counts! Superman 7. Superman 2AM. Hey, you're a Superman, here he comes. He's in a wheelchair. Superman! Superman! Okay. Raz, German. Oh, two legs. Yeah, man, I call you super-gim. Get out of your freak. Oh, oh, Claire. I'm not exactly gonna get on top of my car. Ow! I'm the evil dog of why we've hidden all the way to defeat Superman. Hey, with with Kryptonite? No, spirits. Hm, hm, hm, hm, hm, hm, hm, hm, hm, hm, hm, hm, hm, hm. Superman 5. The search for a bigger doorway. Rolling into a theater near you. The men come like the what's his name? Jim Scour. Was that Jim Scour? No. Oh, son is just like him. Whatever happened, at least he's still alive, we hope. All these stories about dead people coming down to pythons as an issue. He's in Massachusetts? Yes. Good guy, Jim Scour. He looked just like Bill's Infra. Well, no, you know, because Infra was working in Philly, he would come into the building so infrequently that I would never recognize him. And Scour would come around like once every five years. Right. And it's kind of embarrassing for a guy like me, you know, who's supposed to be very grateful to someone. Well, not Zinfra, but like the Scour did a lot of these comedy bits for us. And was very good, and you know, a big supporter of the show. And he'd walk in and I'd look, I can be thinking, like who the hell is that, you know? And you think you're Alzheimer's kicking it. Like when Volca Brian walked in this morning with that fedora on. And I'm thinking, who the hell is that? With that leather jacket on, look at Brotsie. Look at Brotsie. Look at Brian. He looked like a miniature. He looks like many look at Brotsie. Like many you. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line on a really deadly day here today. We don't want to, you know, mess with your parade. We understand your busy. Got a lot of stuff on your plates. Here is Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Dorne. Okay. No, I was going to tell you when it's in the happened last Friday. I was at a friend's house watching the fiesta ball. And my friend Ray Martinez. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. In order to say, another thing is they always want to get there. They're a little Julio's names on the year two that little circle jerk group. I always got to get their names on here. And then they do their thing. By the way, understand that your balls finally dropped congratulations, sir. Now, Ray will just drop them, maybe even like get up and walk out of the place out of the joint. Very sad. Very sad to me. Another great contribution from our Hispanic community here in South Florida. What they've done for this show. Here's Toppo, no, hello. There you go. Yes, sir. Just a quick observation. Correct. God made grass. Man made booze. You go figure it out. Huh? Man made one? Alcohol. Yeah. Cool. Okay. Like one up for us, pal. Whatever you're talking about. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We ever get a menu. Facts over here from Troy from Balance for Life. Since I see that spot coming on again, momentarily. That's very disturbing to me. Because I'm sitting here telling everybody that you get to choose between two alternatives for each meal. And for some bizarre strange as yet undetermined reason. Troy seems to be a dissent, interested in fact seeing me my sheets. So I can pick out the child that I want. Although it has been very good so far. We'll say that it's been excellent. But nevertheless, I just want to guard against any unordered Boba Gadoosh or tofu salad or any of those. All of these things. See what I'm saying? I just mentioned that in passing since our little Troy Stratford don't seem to be able to get to job done. He used to be pretty good Troy Stratford. And then when he started growing that little gangster go-tees growing now. Now he's turned into a real asshole. He was a good guy right up until then. Now what is that say? Minneapolis St. Paul is that for real hello. Hey Neil, I do it. Okay. How does one follow up after phone calls like those? I tell you. You know, that's on that you're playing that secret chess song. Yeah. That's actually done by your friends down there. My enemy beach that the trio, the brothers give. I think the beaches do that. Oh. Well this group is a one true voice. His name is a group. Yeah. It's a great song. I'm a visual one myself. It's a very similar. You should pick up the waters and throw it on there. I bet you'd really enjoy it. Okay. And including what you say happy quansha? And back to you. And have a good day. Happy Martin Luther Coolday, too. I could also play a band-on-on-on-on-on which you get you really upset because it's got that German stuff in it. Plus it's also not your kind of music. Isn't that on here? I think that is on here in it. Somewhere it's on this discovery. See, I wouldn't start because I had a question three times because George has a program not to play German music. Probably not German music but it's like English music. It's a German music. It's a stick of words. What do you say? What do you say? He's born in Philadelphia. Okay. So just don't be knocking guy gross, which he is definitely not. He's my idol. He is everything in the world that I would want as a close person. I'm a big of a person. I'm a big of a person. He's from Philadelphia. Oh, I see. He's probably even circumcised. 430 votes on a pool. What's your take on a Miami-Herald? It panders so much it should be entirely in S.B. You'll 175. Right. Right on target. It sucks. 133 people say you're just- I'll take it this. The other votes on a great newspaper that started to go stuff a little bit. You know those are coming from one-herald plaza. These are the ones that are not going to be a big deal. They're just causing people we got there sitting in there listening to this show on their little Sony Walkman's pretending that they listen to a WLRN or whatever. It sucks 133. The best of a sorry lot of newspapers in South Florida 69. 60 freaking 9. It's a great newspaper 30. 30 my ass. Okay. I think you can take off the- Oh. And you got a more accurate vote there of the 30. And there are a bunch of virulent anti-Semites 23. They should put the whole damn thing in Espanyol. And stop pretending that they care about those of us who speak in English. Okay. You don't care about us. You don't care about us. I think all the assholes that they care about are not on the metro. Okay. And just take it down to shorty's ribs. There wasn't that word ends. Nothing goes a little past it but nevertheless. Go to-no. It goes to shorties. Where else does it go? It doesn't go to homstead. It goes to nowhere of consequence. It goes to nowhere that anybody wants to. For example, there's the highly illegal. Anybody want to go to highlya? No. No. Even the flamingos moved out. They got so pissed off with highlya. And that idiot John Dronetti, the flamingos moved out. Oh and speaking of idiots, how can I know that heck must not be too happy about how can Vic Stover become the racist not only at Gulf Stream but out there at Hollywood Park. I mean, what is that all about? What naked pictures did that guy acquire? The anxious Vic Stover. All I can say about him is he's an asshole. God. My good friend Phil Saltzman would be pleased though that I'm sitting there and Amsterdam. I'm on my 25 satellite dishes and they have this racing channel in England. And the current racist from all over the world. And I'm watching Carter and there's the voices of my area. Good friend Phil Saltzman. I thought, did you feel it'd be pleased to hear that? Wouldn't you think? Yeah. Like us. A till one at five sixty w to QM, summer is over, baby. It dawn, a more playing around, a more barbecued, no more vacations, no more excuses for gaining weight. The holidays are over too. So now is the time to pick up that phone and call balance for life. Because I'll guarantee you they'll treat you a lot better than to treat me. They are playing with my emotions and my pupic is what they're doing now. And you know what? They'll get the consequences too. They'll get the fallout. In a bag. I'm going to send Troy some. Anyway, balance for life takes all the guesswork I'll lose in weight because you don't have to count. calories. You don't have to go shopping. You don't have to count carbs. You don't have to buy any books, no cleaning, no cooking. Because they bring you all your food for the day each and every day that's just sign up for the program. And a little black sack. Three gourmet meals, two delicious nice right to your doorstep and you choose. You get to choose. I don't. I guess because I don't know what the reason is. Maybe they just don't like me anymore. You get to choose between two choices for each one of your meals every day that's run a program. I get what every day I want to send me. And I guess I'm supposed to like it. And so far I do. And you're lucky too because the food is fresh. Delicious. There's plenty of food in your sack to keep you full all day long. And it's all designed according to the concept of the zone diet. Dr. Barry Sears. No relation to Brian Sears. Who really knows this stuff. And it's a very complicated diet. But like I said, they take all the figuring out of it. And all you have to do is open up your sack and eat your foods to get in your post. And he didn't the microwave. It's delicious. So if you really want to lose that weight to save the delicious way. Call our friends at Balance for Life and I'll take care of you this year. Call 9 5 4 5 6 8 32 29. 9 5 4 5 6 8 32 29 or visit them on the web at BalanceForLife.com. 5 5 5 6 5 6 5 6 5 6 6. 4 6 6 3. 4 8 6 6 3. 4. 5. 5. The O4 election fast approaching. It's time we have a fresh change in leadership. 5. This is democratic national committee chairman Terima Colle. Hock shore by self is usual and working feverishly to put together a sure fire winning ticket for the next Democratic presidential campaign And here's when I have so far. I'm convinced you're gonna like it. What do you think of this? Joe Lieberman and Hillary Clinton, huh? Or how about this? Hillary Clinton and Joe Lieberman? Terry Bradshaw and Tom Green. I let's see here. I have Gilbert Godfrey and Rosie O'Donnell Martin Sheen and Moby Scott Tracy and Lady Penelope from the Thunderbirds Charlie Manson and Katherine Harris So wait she's a Republican Mr. McCoff. Yes, President here to see you. Oh, send him in Terry here's your check sign on the pop and here's one from pharmaceutical company The microphone is on. Oh, well, and pro shade what again. Keep up the good work Yes, thank you, Mr. President. This message paid for by the Democratic National Committee We know what we're doing. Does that okay? We can say that coffee six and five 60 WQAM when I heard that bleach letter died says this fact that he was named into Google and found his website WWW dot 440 dot com slash mimey dot html You might check it out. So history of DJ's mommy radio throughout the years contains individual bio slash histories very interesting PS Bruce Springsteen does suck PSS Stevie win would as an icon lead singer and Spencer Davis group in 15 blind faith Famo there are clapped in years with traffic says Walton dear field beach What you just don't like that one song Well, that's your entitled of that. I mean you're wrong. It happens to be a great song The remake I could live without you wanting to know why cuz it's Safri duo see I know that it's gonna Finger me as being an old-futty daddy, but since I am an old-futty daddy Why the hell should I be anything besides an old-futty daddy? Yeah, he's pointing a finger you old-futty daddy the old man I'll look at him. Oh, at least I'm not at least I'm not married in the 50s and 60s like poker Brian and great it on the QA I'm talking about the freaking life of Riley all the time all the way did like junior put it any rate What that was I saying about the Safri duo all of that dance crap. It all sounds the same all of it Yeah By designs so that they can track one song into another at the club and I'm sorry. I'm sorry I mean I understand that these fads and music come and go like fads and clothing and all those other stuff like fads and hair pieces But the fact of the matter is that this this is gonna be gone real quick End of this year it'll be gone. It'll be out It will I'm telling you right now like Viva which is the music channel from Germany Which they do play a lot of good stuff all all videos But if you could see how many different groups there are you haven't even got any concept of how many of these dance groups there are And all the videos they sound the same That has a good beat you can dance to it. You right kind of like two different worlds by Roger Williams and Jane Morgan How much of welcome Brian got all excited when he'll be talking about that on cap records huh? Who else was on cap records what was the label the Everley brothers were cadence records? I'm sorry Andy Williams was on cadence records too, right? What a memory we're talking about stuff from before most of you were born and you know what see it makes us feel good about ourselves Because we got a good memory on the other hand it also shows that we're really old But so it's it's a you know who you look a little bit like from from that angle the silliest man on the face of the earth Bird sugar You know the boxing guy that's always on on ESPN. I always talking about the fights. You ever saw that guy? Bird sugar. He looks like one of those typical degenerate gambler types. He's probably type with Hank in any k bird sugar He just I don't know whether it'll ever cry when they put him on a year, you know a grown man Talking about a couple of guys in a ring trying to blow each other's brains out Bird sugar How about bird sugar since we're talking music let's play that Or we could play sugar sugar your favorite group the Archies. They're pretty good. I was working with the radio we could play sugar shockers That's one of my favorites Anyway, we got the end of the line today And I want to thank the audience for a spectacular job. We melted for all we could do that I know it was not easy. Okay. It was easy for us because we're sitting here We don't give a crap but it was not easy for you guys, but you actually did it and let's let's give credit We're credit is due when when they I didn't say now I in other words when they do something where they deserve it Mad dog is coming up next year. Mad is from Shula state two He's gonna be on here. I doing his usual the game. It was the game the game did this and again did that and they dropped the ball Give me the ball the game stuff and we got Hank from three to seven And you got her comes the West Virginia speak out the game at seven o'clock at a K after the game and you'll mark overnight We're sports radio five six