Ahhhh! Listen to me, you just stand behind the infosophaking and stand where everything is held to the high sofaking standards the selection isn't just huge, it's sofaking huge Believe me, you'll never shop anywhere else and sofaking surprises aren't just low they're sofaking low you'll never find them anywhere else Listen to me When I say sofaking as a beautiful store, I mean sofaking beautiful When I say this step is helpful, I mean sofaking helpful Listen to me, get to know the sofaking and enjoy a selection that's sofaking huge A staff that's sofaking courteous and prices that are sofaking low you'll never shop anywhere else but don't take it for me Take it from satisfied custom of Frank and Stein Sofaking good You sell it, Frankie, sofaking good How come you school that from Howard's firm by the way George? Oh sorry That was one of my first factions this morning a sarcastic shot at Howard's firm It says that right winger Yeah, the new new uh, new vow right winger So I guess he finally discovered this But how many years we've been playing this about 3 at least 3 Yeah From our good friend Bob Wolfe I mean we even know where it came from Right Lots of good things about that way At least 3 years maybe 4 from Bob Wolfe or good buddy up in the earth state At any rate this so Howard's firm discovered it and you played it one day when I was out and the according to this facts Somebody said your stew will stuff from Howard's turn again Yeah You haven't played this for years Uh-huh In addition which it's not his bit No like you said it's Bob the Wolf man It's a good friend of ours So at any rate there you go Thanks for your facts I forgot yesterday many many things Well you know there's so much going out We're 20 miles from Baghdad I would think it should be all over by this weekend That's the only hope That's the only hope it's over by this weekend We bring everybody back Including the 19 year old girl And you see that they rescue that 19 year old girl She is a cute She's a cute She's a cute her I don't want to make light of the situation And we're all delighted that they rescued one of these prisoners But the matter is before they got her into one of those rape rooms I mean we have seen those tapes in this story in the pictures over and over and over and over to the point South of where I am Oh brother Just enough to drive you up to wall Nothing to make you just take your TV set and put it in the bottom of the swimming pool I'd have to make you change your whole perspective of this whole thing Oh no I'm just really no Anyway, so it was screw in our sales manager's Put on another one of her embarrassing public performances Uh, no one's embarrassing embarrassing to who two of everybody in the human race At the Marlboro opener on Monday in the QAM box haven't that lately became a little bit Intoxicated is what the story is around the building nobody denies it by the way I'm sure she won't Even her good buddy But have been embarrassed And was falling all over one of the we don't know what mentioned the name on here but the some client in the box Something going on in that box there's been a lot going on in that box I guarantee that But at any rate so screw in our sales manager I mean this this is the kind of stuff that this company is famous for okay here We are Marlons opening day put your best push forward which I guess is maybe what you had in mind and she Just gets sloshed at the point of barely So the word had to go out to her husband who happens to be the sales manager for the enemy or cheap channel Todd the what's his name? When it when it's a same as her as what That's not necessarily always the same around here is really no And they had to put a call out to get him to the QAM box to retrieve her and Deal with her to spend with her crappy old smelly body boy nice cause grand we're really proud of sweet art Drunken bitch Anyway Here's a fact it says on other one of these it says what's the deal fill Henry is turned into Rush Lombog Junior are you sure? PS keeping the voice of reason on the war it's said Which leads us to today's pool but let's give the results yesterday's first okay? We don't want to get ahead of ourselves doing what we have to because it's Wednesday. Yeah, let's get ahead of ourselves Let's put the cart before the wait it's Wednesday. We're gonna play a lot of cards or something like that Because it's new to one comedy or Wednesday hump day. Yeah, we like that a lot 1218 votes on the pool yesterday and we still have a waiting for the first call to explain to us How the Lord permits all of this carnage all of this killing in we hate to break the bad news to you But it was a US bomb and at the market and bag that a few days ago that we were denying market place deaths were caused by US Missile one of the bedtime stories on our website today on yourroggies.com Identified by the remains of its serial numbers no less so there can be no doubt about it But we're doing this to save lives I see so our question in regard to that is all of these innocent men women and children who are dying Plus of course to troops themselves how does God rational? Oh, by the way, there's that the young girl being no rescued on the stretcher again Just in case you missed it that she was safely taken out is the I mean seriously the media is sick These are crazy people and and I I begin to understand more than ever before how it it's almost impossible For the average shrunk out there until review all of these things to live to this experience and not be just swept away with a propaganda because that's all They that's all they inundate you would round a clock 25 hours a day non stop propaganda On and on it goes as a matter of fact MSNBC so got so carried away. It said Iraqi Republican guard Destroyed and then they finally put on there one unit of the Public in guards of industry which is you know, that's fine, but a little bit of an error there You know just getting again the car before the horse deal again Anyway, we asked yesterday how does religion permit the carnage of the war in Iraq and Your responses were out of over 12 hundred religious fanaticism is at the root of most of the problem 638 over 52% said that religious nuts like that Guide doesn't care he's busy with ball games 214 people said that Even the Lord loves neo-raju's 178 people were perspicacious enough to know that I know that the Lord even loves neo-raju's it doesn't To tent commandment say though shouting out kill 108 people said that It's self defense so God will allow it 45 and God wants us to kill our enemy 35 And those last two together it's only 6.4% Even with the alleged creeping that was going on you don't must not have a lot of Bible readers Creepers creepers couldn't have been too many creepers you know it these Steve came freepers all 10 I was speaking of that here's our poll today. Let's hop right on it Which broadcaster has been most disappointing to you on the war in Iraq? Let's area two four six eight ten that's a nice number. I may have let somebody out neorodges Rush limba Phil Henry are you Howard Stern Dr. Laura Randy Steve Mr. ego can Peter our net Bill O'Reilly or Mohour David why well you don't want leave him out there. You'll know we can't we want to go And I didn't get a chance to bond with mo this morning. I feel bad about me I thought you didn't get your probe. I thought yesterday. We were like and I didn't get no promo yesterday either I don't think all that we're busy talking about those UM baseball tapes again I got news for Mr. Mo when it comes to play by play sports. I could run rings around you. Okay Not that football Mr. Yeah at any sport run rings around your old Narlie ass But that's beside the point He's got an ego problem of that. I was afraid that maybe I actually did do a good job on UM baseball No, he's there would disturb him greatly And you know after that bonding yesterday and I looked into this morning a couple of times Of course no response but I looked in there as I walked by and I I really can't as I was in taking a leak the last time I second leak at the morning. I came to one conclusion. I'm not an evil person an evil duride Don't wish people physical harm but in his case. I really would dance on his grave. I just I know that that thought Huh, and that just came to my mind. I would be delighted to dance on his grave dance. Yeah, Kazaki Okay, I would do the twist I would do whatever you know tango the last tango in Cemetery village. That's a good idea musical tombstone. Yeah musical tombstone for Mo. I would dance on his grave That's the degree to which I find just nothing but contempt for the subhuman scumbag with bad vera course van Would you pee on it? I would pee on his good. I would even go beyond it Like I thought said I'd put you gigantic loaf on his grave Oh, given something to remember me by the aroma of success at QAM In in response to the tremendous job he's done are giving us this great lead in for the lower year now It's in fact look at the phone there huh? It's a sound to have a sounds of silence every time I go by there in a morning now I look there's that phone in the bullpen that sits there so you can get a pretty good grasp on what kind of responses go on And there's nothing on it. There is there's not a trickle except for Larry We have a new chronic collar on a morning show by the way now. The name is Larry replacing a guest baseball stuttering Steve Spastik Steve who used to call every morning last year maybe Steve passed on that big bullpen in the sky Maybe that's what it was but there's absolutely nothing going on in there now You're actually answering a phone today. Why are you doing that? Oh, no, he had such tremendous success yesterday Without you doing that and you actually put one on hold here, which I think is you're watching see what it's gonna be now That you must go outside six WQAM Have a safe ride home to a bokeh mull When you think he had three hours this morning with enough for his material when you thought so Evidently this Glenn Gavin is the new TV critic for the Harold Several letters to the editor most of them very critical of him. I guess the I didn't see the original article. Thank goodness See there is no TV or radio critic for either newspaper now Kevin backster. He's a sports dude now time jick. He's just writes he just writes stuff about network TV show There's no local radio really to talk about In English right with the no then Garvin have it only ripped off the Hollywood the people are speaking out against the war And there are several it is I might actually get to those momentarily about the rip-and-mass also Pentagon says Fox agreed to Austria-Vera. Why isn't that nice of them? See we really were wondering who it is that's calling the shots in his wars at the Pentagon or is it the a networks call? The shots especially fascist Fox news network Associated press reported yesterday although herald or referer claimed reports of his demise were premature the Pentagon said yesterday That Fox news channel had agreed to remove him from his posting with US troops in Iraq Because evidently he gave the coordinates of where they were and located all of these things and the you know grandstanding Which is his middle name get his ass out of there. Okay? Send it back to do some more shows with that broad with a big penis. Oh That brought you know the I'm talking about is it sure you huh? Was it a Clitoris See there he goes again. We haven't even been on here 15 minutes and right away potty mouth George Starting in again. I hear a little bit of Donna Shalely ain't gonna be too happy with you and either's any Jones Oh, you should have seen how red pushed Jim Manich was when he came in here today at admitted he said he'd Vincent He's honest. He said I am a pussy He'll suck up to those dolphins. He wants that the color job on those broadcast. He doesn't care if I'd away Mojuda How are you to be speaking for the mad dog? Hear that this morning about he will not appear at the draft their show and he's not gonna be there and also Helmet damn sure that mad dog who'd have to see to be speaking for the mad dog is he like his puppet? God almighty and then and then to top things off and make it even worse Robert plays a mad dog drop in the one where he says about man. It's Howard David's bitch. Yeah plays that this morning. He should have played Howard David's bitch. She no they wouldn't do that 12 minutes after nine at five 60 WQM happy Wednesday too. It's hump day. We got that big noon to one comedy Our today. We're gonna try to keep it live. We're gonna talk a lot about that 19 year old American Assulgeris who was rescued. Thanks a lot. We're gonna show you that video tape over and over and over again until you got that Sam coming out of your ass right Let's we'll show the video on there. Here you go Hey listen if you find yourself at a dead end job like Todd Drek Don't stick around it in fact Todd don't let the ad or hit you any ass on a way out you schmuck you Well, I tell you I'm bitter you know just being back here this many days. I'm bitter would moe a bit of a Todd Drek I'm bitter with these sales people coming here. Oh can we have some food again this morning? Can we have some food right in for you? No, what word? No, didn't you understand? No, yeah, no nine no Anyway if you're gonna dead end job get out of here. Don't I'm serious don't come Here again do not come in here Do you see did you see see he thinks it's a big joke. Did you see who that was? Hi, how are you? Do not come in here. It's not funny. I don't want to see you. I want to smell you. I don't want to know from you Just stay in hell away. Okay, you're an idiot. You're a lunatic. You're a suicidal maniac I'm not gonna join you jumping over to clip okay. I'm not gonna hold your big fat pudgy hand and join over the cliff and kill myself on your goddamn food You crazy fat person you In fact, I'm not just say fat and then the other and then dump it. Oh yeah fat Anyway if you're gonna dead end job like Jeff hi, he's in a dead job or will be soon call our friends at fast-rank get train get a computer career and start making a big fat paycheck Speaking of fat boy big fat Call one eight six six fast train. That's correct. No excuse anymore because they got locations all over town There's bound to be one nearby you there in Miami. They're in Kendall Pemmer Pines for a waterdale and Fast train also offers convenient to evening weekend classes so they can fit you in the your schedule the other way around Check them out on the web at fast-rank.com get out of your dead end job quit working for some moron and get you trained in a great computer career The demand is higher than ever before and don't forget to register at fast-rank.com to get you your free American flag bumper sticker Call our good friends today at fast train at one eight six six fast train and don't forget to tell them that Todd Dreck and Fat boy told you to call You Yeah WUAS presents How a dividend in a bridge too far All right, I'm about to listen up. I got all this a bowl of a bridge see and that's just what I'm gonna do Okay Okay, now look at his map here now this map here Yeah, okay Geldie that I want you to run they blah blah booze at the face of the bridge At the old 900 What's the name of the bridge? It's the Julia Tull Oh, I don't want to blow that up for because while I right in America just stupid brick Stop the wait a minute, Mom that bridges too far. He's right. Oh, we're here and did it What are you a budget system? I want to pay my sister Why you win support and a fun hole. I order Is King for hill tell you hey? Are you doing you like my new paisley dress? What are you some kind of transmission or something? Yeah, I'm just trying to get a section eight, but since you ain't going to the bridge You know you got nice oldies. Hey, then do Come here. Hey, and then okay I got some oil over here I'm your court wash off with this yeah, yeah, I'm not sure this Oh Yeah Hey, you're pretty good at this Really thanks and that was just my nose. I put your ankles up here. Oh, okay Oh Gang rape is funny 19 at five sixty wqa and happy Wednesday to you 34 votes on a poll and only a matter of seconds How do you like that which broadcaster has been most disappointing to you on the war in Iraq? Phil Henry has got 13 yeah, but wait a second. Well how are David has got six Howard sperm's got six Peter are net four Well here him no more Neil Rogers two Randy roses got a pair Rush Limbaugh's got one Dr. Laura Mr. Ego and the bill are while he's small potatoes none of those three have any they have none They have zero By the way, a screw and sobered up yet no Slip her across the pussy couple of times that might do it Yeah, does that he went back there to tell her about no more food in this damn place swam here and she's just passed out under the goddamn desk as what he said unconscious WQAM Now wait a minute what that was that was that me doing that QAM hello? Yeah, uh, do you have a talk to support you so far about the big news? Your rack The big news oh you mean about that girl they rescue no no Yes, I did oh you did oh yeah the Fox News agreed to remove him because Fox News is calling the shots I guess Well, let's say say they're going to but he's slow to move you know he says he'll leave one of these good and ready The real asshole okay, thanks least he's consistent. How come we missed that big story George? Listen, Kappa guy a little slack. He didn't tune in right in on a clock which is shame on you sir We need this audience just like I told you before we need a gigantic month man. We need March April June Julio That's right. What you call me we need loyalty. We need this big cuz we're up against you know, of course Case erossor off. I don't have it. It don't happen but well, I'm just telling you what we need because we're up against the mainstream there We're swimming upstream because this is not these are not the things you're supposed to be saying In the public even a lot of people are saying it in private You just don't come on here. It is especially during a time of war was I don't understand that right? I mean weren't the protest just protesting while the Vietnamese war was going on Last time I checked yesterday and turned out they were absolutely corrected They have a lot to do with the ending of that and it is absolutely correct because their numbers grew and grew as The grotesque slaughter continued and we continued to be lied to day after day night after night When all these briefings where they only tell you these supposed good news and the slaughter would have continued if not For I think to be in a more what's still going on before for the goddamn protesters But boy did they take some crap and then the troops came home and they took the crap So to public just dish out a bunch of crap, which is what to be getting out more of course wasn't anybody who was there knows exactly What I'm talking about and what's going on right now is also a bunch of crap For example, that's story about charging for the water that that's just that's just unbelievable Yeah, but it's the hierarchy. Yeah, I'm just getting this is an umkasa in southern Iraq The US military came up with a solution yesterday for the penniless people of this port town begging for water sell it Despite general mayhem at distribution points including knife fights the army has struck a hasty agreement with local or Rackies to expedite distribution of water to the roughly 40,000 people living in home-consor Under the deal the military will provide water free to locals with access to tanker trucks Well, then we'll be allowed to sell the water for a reasonable fee like you said. Yes, the old roach coach the roach coaches are out there They got sandwiches The waffles yeah, and water and water vassar We're permitting them to charge a small fee for water said army Colonel David Bassard you bashed This provides him from with them and set up the hustle and work he said and assistant We're teaching them the American work at like the that's like the trickle down system There's an enough incentive to be written and maybe they work hard enough. They can go to work for Halibut and eventually He said he could not suggest what constitutes a reasonable fee and did not know what the truckers were charging You truckers You said the tradition here of haggling at markets would help the system work another mind of money Python Yeah I Look for the gourd Oh We'll throw people know when they're being gouged will deal with it Bassard says But the population badly in need of water food medical supplies the arrangement drew a chair of critics Several Iraqi Americans originally from this region who are working as interpreters and guides with the US military were in Sentst and what they consider attempted jump start a free market economy during a crisis This is bullshit This is in the New York Daily News Well, they have a line drawn there, but this is bullshit said an Iraqi American West to be identified only as Ahmed They're selling water and this is crazy. Nobody has any money nobody knows what money to use Iraqi money American money nobody knows a British military spokesman angrily objected to the water deal The British control the city of humkasub while Americans are in charge of the port We're not gonna have to be charging for water. What kind of an aid plan would that be these people don't even have shoes this folks been said Ahmed and the other Sunday it's in fights with fists and knives among desperate locals trying to get water from the truckers How do you like that? What's the Darwin you want water? We'll sell it to you. We'll set up a bunch of approach coaches and we'll sell it to you to the highest bidder. Let's haggle about it Yeah, while your kids are dying from some grotesque disease and can't get any medicine and why your family is starving to death Let's haggle over how much water your how much you're gonna pay for the water oh Duck just came in he said screw in is still passed out under a desk I beg you pardon. How let Pony at copy Great well, bring it right on and don't just stand there and hold it up in here and they're copy either way to please people are starting to talk Go back there a kicker and a head a little bit see if it'll revive that bitch So here's some new copy that's good getting copy in here to play slowly but surely you see it took me being back here a few days to get these basions off their hands again Everything was on low mo here no mo and low mo slow mo nothing going on I come back here and have to kick a little Craft out of these people to get them on the stick again, you know, especially that guy damn sales department you want some food kneel. No, thank you So how about some food Look at that pool, but that's that's pathetic. Okay Which broadcaster has been most disappointed you on the war in Iraq? 82 votes feel Henry 28 more Howard David at 14 Peter our net neorodges H12 Howard Stern 11 Randy Rhodes and Rush Limbaugh 2 Dr. Laura's got one now I bet it's a strap on Mr. Eagle and Bill or Riley have the big I'd like their numbers in this market An amazing bill or Riley that's such a big similar to that he's gonna be on radio now the orally factor Know's the all the no spins though and that he doesn't even have like a point anything and also what's the point? No, seriously the people who want to hear rush Yeah, they're listening to rush. Let's do that. I thought you know He's given us all that propaganda. Oh look at this Cuban fairy hijacked international waters I wonder what the day does coming up of the sky A Cuban fairy hijacked international waters if it's not a plain being hijacked. It's a fairy I say let's forget about this here. We're acting let's bring everybody home. We still alive and let's get after Castro That we can have some parades. You know something we can all march together on ash Great little unity in this community Get everything back the way it was because I'm a little bastard son of a bitch builder casino's backup all right You know something I think I don't want to I could be just talking out of my ass as usual I think that Jeff Bush Is a fiddell sympathize you want on a why because the reason that they don't want casino gambling and Florida is because There you go Other religious right And if Castro if we get Castro out of there we get freedom back in Cuba Then they'll rebuild all those great casinos. It'll take all the tourism way more little we have left in Florida And they'll order Cuba sure so that's one of the reasons you don't want casino already don't want to Castro out of there right Because I think I sympathize your jab that's what you sound like to me I say let's fight our own guide damn more. Let's go down to and kick Castro's ass It's really weird about the exile community for example heat right one phone call to his brother It could be done this weekend. That's right in alien agroxas a Rosanna den instead of all his grandstanding She's doing yeah, we ought to we're the previous Even though it's not the noon noon the one hour yet. We ought to preview this right I'm proud you I know And I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap late from yours My listening to the near Okay, I'm gonna use the hour I might just play that endless loop until until noon. That's just fantastic Yeah, she ought to be doing something about that right instead of screaming any all about the Sodom Or was it Sodomy she was you on about I think that's what it was or was that screw any on about that? That she liked it 27 after nine at five 60 WQM audio homeowners out there, you know, it's hotter and hell on me in fact It's gonna be up in a mid-Azigan all through the weekend People want to go out and enjoy nice swimming to pool. There's nothing worse than going outside to hop into pool I'm looking in there and say and holy crap This is hopeless the pool is stained dirty maybe cracking don't look at that ugly mess no more just say no Moe ugly pool. It's nothing like you flip your lid Color friends at Atlantic bar site these guys are pool guys out of a pickup truck or one little cleaning service Who have got an idea what they're doing these are real construction company who use full-time employees not some contractors Atlantic Marseille specializes in the most incredible innovation at the pool business diamond bright Atlantic Marseille's been pouring it on for 12 years They know how to do it their license they're insured professionals they even train other companies internationally How to do diamond writing all over the world and you get the same price to give to contractors which makes it absolutely an unbeatable combination They service North Miami, Broward and Palm Beach counties call Atlantic Marseille They're the biggest installers of diamond bright in South Florida got diamond bright in my pool. It's a beautiful thing They'll come to you give you a free estimate with no obligation and they'll also perform pool and deck renovations custom lighting pool heating Exotic water features too for the very best the most beautiful look and pull you've ever seen in your life call Atlantic Marseille Tool free 1-800-558-8883 1-800-558-8883 diamond bright do it right because diamond bright is a pool's best friend We're a big sub fan in the module and FL we saw a billboard time today We don't like very well We have all this not the kind of that we'd like to see In flying we have any falls misread presents our team and we want our name off of the side Yes, it is in very nice and though we want to verify the government of no ball That for hope of our time that we've got fall Hey Amanda Take down that ounce They love It's 932 at 560 WCMDQ, that Q'd organ there at the end, that was interesting. Nothing like a Q'd organ. Here's a fact that says speaking of our pool, let's take a look at this pool. I think we're gonna resound it, we spawned it, I could be wrong, but I don't think so. 117 votes already in about 20 minutes. Do you understand you following that? No. We asked which of these broadcasters has been most disappointing if you want to war it or not. Now of course the people who think that I should be here sucking the bushes above and who's stepping on that. Well no, I mean that's why I put my soft honor. I'm not one of these people that like, you know, just like to think with the billboards, we put them all on their website. We didn't just put our own stuff on or the pattern sells on the back. We said, hey look at that, there's moes, the moment a little away hanging over the top. In fact, the rumor, I'm here, it is we're gonna replace the dolphin and the hurricane's logos. And we got balls with two of most pieces. He graciously loaned them to the promotion department to his good friend Dorine. So that he could hang a hang here on a billboard where those logos used to be. 117 votes. Most disappointing you want to war in Iraq. Phil Henry 35. Mohour David in 21. The orangish 19. Oh, good. Which I'm very proud of. Peter on that 16 Howard Stern 16. And of course he's still on the air so that number may increase. Rush Limbaugh 6. Randy Rhodes of Pier Bill or Riley and Dr. Lorna have on a Mr. Ego Steve. You don't have any votes Steve. You better start free from your creepin'. No votes from Mr. Ego. Of course, like I said yesterday, he has nobody in his audience on the vehicle 100. So how to hold the heavy computer, you know? Not too many 95 year olds on the internet. No, not too many. In fact, that would be a great poll question. How old are you and how long have you had a computer? So then the people who are like over the age of 100 can't respond to it. And anyway, here's the facts. Well, that's a point. Right. We have these polls like Rumsfeld said it's only a little slice. He keeps saying that about the war. You're only seeing a little slice. A slice? Rummy Rumsfeld. You know, Hermon Geering Jr. Yeah. The facts is Phil Henry has been the most disappointed because I thought he was above all the flag waving nonsense. I tuned in last night and he's still doing all war talk and reading bedtime stories. Oh! Worth their people giving me a bunch of crap for doing that last seven months, or whenever it had always been doing it. Yeah, lots. Yeah, lots of people always sitting there reading on the ear that how come we don't see a story about that in the Sun Sentinel time, Jika? You jackass, you little bald-headed geek? Who writes a bunch of goddamn generic stories about TV network shows, that's all he writes about. Those stories could come from some like a service in Chicago or somewhere, right? Who now gives a crap about that? Well, Neil is out of touch with the community. How will he be able to touch this? Touch my ass with your nose, okay? Tom, you silly person you. God is he pathetic. Anyway. Doing all war talk and reading bedtime stories, no characters unless it's to mock people with antiwar opinions. Now we know his true colors when he was in Miami, who is liberal because he was sucking up to you. Now he's conservative because it's convenient and because he's working for cheap channel by the way, premiere, third channel owns it. In a way he's worse than Lord As and his ill because he's a shillifer just the right price and least Lord As is consistent, I'll say that for him, okay? Yeah. He's not all of a sudden going to become a liberal nicely because it's expedient. It says you use the right word to describe him yesterday. Rat. Rat, RAT, RAT, are you sure? Yeah, positive. You can smell it. You can smell the rat. He's one of the few people I ever worked with who was ugly or the lion by the one. Am I right? No, it's fraud face. Oh man, he's an ugly guy. I mean, that doesn't mean he's got a face for radio. That's okay. I don't begrudge him, but the fact that just shocked, I haven't heard one second of it, and I will not tune it in. Plus I hear he's doing six hours a night now. Is that correct? Why is that? Six hours? Who'd have done this? A six hour talk show? And? Yeah, but wait a second. WQAM? I guess we can deal. Speaking sir. I mean, you'll, uh, Phil has been, he's been doing characters. I mean, is it's kind of like you'll do an hour of characters and then maybe he'll get into the war. So I only generally hear him from time to time, but yeah. And as you know, I guess this depends on his frame of mind, but it's not like he's just in all work, but he has a tendency. He kind of did the same thing after 9-11 to start getting into a little bit serious, but the lower last couple of night he has started doing characters. Yeah, but he's become a right way now. He's become a bush looking goose stepper. He's, you know, he went on the air and said he had voted for Gore and he's still, you know, went that way, but now he just thinks that Saddam needs to be holed out of there and that's that. So I mean, he's now he's nowhere near a bush goose stepper. And these people are just during the crap. That's not what the Carlisves is saying. He's shickered his head in the other Carlos. Listen, he monitors it. Carl, he may, okay, he's listening longer than I, then I would defer his expertise. But he, well, he's an expert when it comes to, uh, skills, man. He knows what it's all about. Hey, was it? Was there any talk up there in the D.C. The story? I'm still not looking. He was it. The Toronto star yesterday about the guy that said, hey, bud, this ain't America. And it was complaining about the Canadian baseball teams have it. This ain't God bless America during the, uh, I'm watched that the 7th and he stretched the night at the, the sky dome and quite frankly, they were, uh, in fact during the American National Anthem, they were cheering and everything. When they ended God bless America, there was a mixture of cheering and running. I saw the game. I saw the other, the Yankee. And I would say it is totally inappropriate. I mean, talk about over the top line of world that they have to do. They played both National Anthem to the beginning. Everybody applauded. They cheered. They were happy. It was great. And then they, uh, have to do God bless America in Canada. What was that all about? I guess bud, uh, bud said it has to be done on opening night. And it has to be done on Sundays and on holiday. Well, one thing about bud is consistent. He's an asshole. Yeah. This was in the star yesterday. Guy named Garth Wolsey did a column. Right. And um, and there was a, like, you know, people were having talk and I just heard some crap about it. Well, he better stay out of Toronto. Well, bud later, we're given that SARS if he don't watch it. And finally, um, on Howard's show, they're doing a different version of sofa king. Yeah. He's making such a big deal. But oh, this is so great. It's so fun to be able to keep calling you. You can't play the sofa king. So, he stole it from Bob Wolff and from us, which we were planning for years. And I was like a big deal. Yeah. Much of suck. I was wondering who I didn't know for was a dotted micro bob and time or whoever. But it was, um, it was a different version. It's not like with the guys laughing in the back. Yeah. It's um, yours is still better because it's original. Yeah, but he, but he still stole the idea. Absolutely. Yeah. I've just figured that was some kind of cow. Howard's doing something in camel with Castro Nova. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Thanks, Neil. Okay. There's a guy who's given us thought that's great. That was a good call. The whole run down. Although Carlis says he's not not accurate. He said, Phil is just become a rambling. Well, here's another fact that says I voted for Phil Henry because he's really the only one who's disappointing. Howard Stern is an idiot. It says, I like his show, but how hard is it to have lesbians kissing? It doesn't take a genius. The others are about what you'd expect them to be. I guess that is just my take. How would you like a porn video of Greg Reed going at it with Mo? Ha ha ha ha. This is John and Vegas. Alright, he's got a copy. Absolutely. School ran was the referee is what I'm hearing. She was in the middle. Roy! And duck by was says he still can't revive her back there. He's used the smelling saws, not his left or in the post a couple of times. And she's still like past dog drunk under the desk from Monday night's game. And here it is. When doesn't have what it takes to be ready to hurt. Yeah. Mate, oh, I know what we got. There you go. Oh, where is it? Somebody stole my device. Oh, it's, uh, if it's any words in the box. Oh, my god. I know I think it's in maybe it's in her office. Twenty-tilt ten. By the way, thanks for a facemey of the stories that already have, which I appreciate to stuff. But you know, and they have no way of knowing they mean well. But the next thing I have on my pile here was McDonald's and which is a horrible story by the way, McDeath. I got that. Thank you. And then the California DIC, who's the boss nerd says is, see, maybe if you look on our website, do we have any of the vet tends to resup yet? Yeah, we do. And then you see that they're already on the website. And then it will save you from the effort of facting us stuff that we already got. Not that I'm on grateful. I appreciate very, very much. You don't want to say it. But now that I spent all this money on my own choosing for this nice computer. And we have this lightning fast internet connection. George wants to apologize to Spirrow Cannon and the people at Bell Sound. They still suck. Do what I mean? Hard aspect. 560, 750, 160. We're doing screenless today. We're taking a very important poll. Let's see. I've moved into the second place. That's good. I'm very pleased. I'm a host, which broadcaster has been most disappointing. You want to worry about Iraq. Phil Henry 48, Neil Rogers 28, Mohour David is on our answer with 26. Howard Stern 22, Peter R. Net 20. Peter R. Net. I didn't say too much about that today. And then I realized that forgotten because Mad Dog did ask me about that about my take. Peter R. Net is an outstanding reporter. But he has a pension for always doing a wrong thing. Like in Gulf War 1, the baby milk factory. But he was the one behind that. I mean, you'd have to be a moron in a cardboard handmade sign in English. Baby milk factory. And he's on there for, oh, come on, Peter. So in other words, this is a guy who goes along. There's a fine job. And then all of a sudden, it's like a horse that's got a five length lead in the stretch. And every race, he lays down on it before the finish line. He just lays down on the track. Right. To lose the tracks. So I don't have any sympathy for Peter R. Net to be honest with you. He just always manages to do the wrong thing. Kind of like our sales department. 18 till 10 at 560, kind of like Fat Boy. And always manages to do the right thing. Wrong thing. Speaking of fat. The lights are west, Boca can help you slim down. You don't have to want to be walking around like a big tub, like Jeff High. I mean, he's disgusting. He's growtisk. Little children run like hell when they see him coming. Slim down with over 700. In fact, over a treasure island. I hear that people run when they see him. They can help you slim down. They've got over 700 low carb a high rate. Schirgrifrey products. He likes whether it's the number one that can's done or any low carb Schirgrifrey.com. You may be dealing with the lights of west Boca's your low carb superstore and entire store dedicated to giving you all kinds of great tasty things. The lights has got some brand new stuff. Two light chocolate. What is it? Chocolate cupcakes and brownies by control car, which I noticed Troy brought in here. Today, what a pretty good. Oh, I don't know. And they have only one. Well, you know, I can't eat that stuff because I have irritable bowel for anybody who doesn't have ABS. They eat it. It's delicious. And it detides them over at some nice sweet taste. I just can't touch it because it just blows me up right to the bull. With only one effective carbohydrate per serving in these new chocolate cupcakes and brownies over at the lights. And don't forget to like some incredible selection of low carb pasta sauces, dressing, cheese cakes, all kinds of other good stuff. Chocolate, syphamis, soft serve, carbolite ice cream. Remember to like the west Boca all that can brands product your 25% off all day every day. Stop by talking to their knowledgeable staff when it was dieting inside and out. And you'll see why I've been telling you about this incredible store for over three years now. They're open every day. 10-10. You'll find them on the northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to Boston Market. Call them toll-free at 1-877 low carb or shop them on the web if you like it low carb.com. So if you're sick and tired of going into the supermarket and being frustrated because you can't find the low carb sugar free products you're looking for, here's an entire store dedicated to you, the lights are by Spoko. Your official Atkins retail center. Oh my god, we're sports video 5-6-1. You, yeah. My boots. Always got a hot-looker license while we're here in Dave Van Borek. Worst hair piece in mode has put great regret for you to listen. Worst in the universe. I'm going to tell you how I'm doing. I'm wearing some. We know you got me talking on the passion songs. Tell me the story about how you got blown. I got you down. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Holy cow. Oh, oh, oh, oh. I'll tell you what's more before I hang up the phone. I got you down. Are you sure? The lines are jammed up. Yeah, there isn't a doubt. Call up and tell me what it's all about. I got you down. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Holy cow. Oh, oh, oh. I'll tell you what's more before I hang up the phone. I got you down. I got you down. I got you down. I got you down. Oh, oh, oh. I got you down. Here on the show, there's a new topic each night. Who'd you have sex with? Would it black or whether it's white? I got you down. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Holy cow. Oh, oh, oh. I'll tell you what's more before I hang up the phone. I got you down. Remember those good old days? Why we sure do those were great days, man. When Phil was funny and it was a friend of ours and everything was wonderful. You know? Yeah. Remember? Bob Green was running around. You were taking him to the strip joints, swing clubs. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. But things have changed, man. And of course, there are some corporate liquors who feel that they have to like boost up and align in order to maintain whatever other jobs or their credibility. Why don't we have you? See, if I jumped on that band, I would lose whatever little credibility I got left even more in this place. I would. Because everybody would know I don't believe it. I mean, Gulf War one, I was all for it. Sure. He had to get in the attack. Wait, he didn't even know he winked at him and said, hey, go ahead. But nevertheless, he invaded the Kuwait. And we went in there and we got to say that stuff. But then of course, a lot of us even at that point wanted, well, how come if he so bad and if he's like Hitler number two, how come we walked away and we left him there? Right. Huh? Right. If he said just straight to the entire world, and that was like 12 years ago, and has he invaded anybody since then? No. But nine, eleven new. Yeah. He could say anything to do with 9, 11, no. But he could sell my sea stuff. He might have somebody that might have a wrong. Wait, Rob Casters, been most disappointed. You want to warn Iraq. Oh, how come I didn't put you on there? Let go. I left somebody out. There's a good George Rodriguez on there. And now with the late. Come on, Eric, it's George. And it would late start here. You can run fast. Sure. You can catch him through a lot of old Farts like us. George Rodriguez goes on there right away. Phil Henry's got 54 votes. Most disappointing. It would as comments on the war. I'm second tied with Mohara David 32. See after we bought the yesterday. We're tight. 33 of peace. And you double that and you got his age. No, that's he's a lot older than that. Howard Stern 30, he's right on our ass. Peter on that 21, Rush Limbaugh's got 10. I see I understand that. I put him on here because obviously there are people. But why would they be disappointed with the same reason that they do everything wrong all the time? That want like when we're pole building and they don't answer the question. They don't. They don't understand the question. They think the question is, who do you have in his response on the war? Because exactly I think what you'd expect it right. Exactly. Who's stepping? But they're not reading the question. Randy Rhodes 6, Bill O'Reilly, four Dr. Laura, four. I guess who's still got the big. How do you like that? I can't believe that. Not one. Even when that desperate, uh, freeping and creeping and stuff that we got to report on yesterday. I just tell them what your problem is. Wow. You realize more people just heard his voice right now. Then here I'm here. And we're talking about what you're talking about. You're over there. That's correct. Yeah. I will tip my head to him on one thing. Even though he's a real scumbag, low life homophobic jackass, suddenly born again right wing, phony body parts. But I will say this for a guy that never had any numbers on any station in this park. He certainly has a survived. Sure. He's got eight thousand different sponsors. You know, he's an inspiration. A dollar a holler on him, fan of station. And he's still survived. And probably zeroes with his baseball card shows, et cetera. A dollar a holler. Yeah. And that's the fact is even during our glory days at W.S. News, even during those wonderful glorious days when Jerry Williams was there. He never had any numbers. In fact, the joke was he had a three point in the afternoon and after in Drowman and during a book when the rest of us had these gigantic numbers, he had nothing even on IOD when he followed you. The first book. But that was just a sloppover. Right. And then after they heard the contrived controversy up for a couple of months, they all kind of ran away. Real fast. My very first daytime training session. I got to sit there while he and Nick Lawrence would discuss which position Steve should take based on what's going to get people. Who was picking what out of who's here? Oh, right. You know, you're not a bad guy. Nick, but to be an underling all your life life end, of course, Brian, little Brian. Little Brian Craig. This is my Craig. I'm a radio announcer. And I wanted to say just whatever Steve said echo did O'Ditto did O'Echo. I go did O'Ditto. Whatever Steve said, and by the way, normal wasn't too bad. He has a wife, you know? Yeah. Yeah. I'm not kidding. I'm not kidding. I want to be sure you used to look pretty damn good. But anyway, that's what Norm said. Jessica Lynch was saved by the way. She was rescued. Who talked about 19 year old Jessica Lynch? Thank God. That's correct. She was rescued last night. And we've seen and heard about it until Jessica's coming out of our earlobes. We're delighted that Jessica's he's too. Top management also said the O'Ditto for killing a company would reduce the number of restaurants related for re-imaging a process where restaurants are remodeled or built. More sugar in the buns to better caramelize when they're being heated. So they look like he'll toast you. And then just load them with sugar when you're like dying over there. Okay, keep your kids away from McDonald's. They're going to be die. They're going to have diabetes. Okay. Keep them out of there. You crazy people. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I thought we could get a lot of calls today. About 30 man. But the doing screenless knows only one line ring. And you know who that is. I do. Yeah. WC, I am. Yeah, I'm new, please. Yes, sir. Is this you? Speaking. Oh, I need a story for you. You know, you have those books on your website that you say, you say, you're good book. Yeah. I want to go buy the Michael Moore book. I'll super glad you're here. Uh-huh. And I went to the Barnes and Noble where I had seen it on display. You know, when you're walking on those big tables there and they had it right there. So I went last week to say, you know, I'm going to finally go get a kind of remind me of what I saw on your website. They went to Barnes and Noble and it's, I couldn't find it. It wasn't on display anymore. So I went to the counter where they had to help desk and I said, look up for the book by Michael Moore. Uh, some of the Neil Rogers websites. He's like, I'll even move that book. I'm like, well, what, what do you put it? He's like, well, we've removed it from the background. If you want, I can go get it. I'm like, well, why is it on display? He's like, well, from the comments he made on the Emmys. I'm like, what if I had to do this book? Well, you talk about stupid. The first of all wasn't the Emmys. It was the Oscars. That's not what I wanted. And that number two, the fact that he had all of that press and the publicity would increase the sale of the book by Zidna. I thought they were in a book selling business. Not the guy that I made a tur�izing business. What are the Barnes and Noble? Barnes and Noble. Always like borders a lot, you know what? Yeah, the board of borders is the way to go, man. Hey, great show. And you'll keep it up George. You rocked it. Thanks a lot. See, man. How do you like that? They go into back because it has come. See, this is what America's coming to. Man, you people think I'm exaggerating and going overboard. I'm not. You have to be politically correct. And if you dare open up a mouth and it's not goose stepping the company line, you got real tourist, man. What kind of a country is that? What kind of society is it that you people want to live in? Those of you bush likers out there. My discount card. Once a month. George, there's just kind of his Barnes and Noble's discount card right now. Right in front of me. Look at that. Let's hear it. Just cut it up with those sharp scissors in there. It couldn't cut a turd. But he just managed to do it anyway. Not sees. Oh. Orders has CDs and everything. Orders are we? Barnes and Noble, I used to shop there a lot. He used to go over to the one in the file. The shop, you know, because they do have a better select. I bet I don't have the book with. But I wouldn't go there if they gave me the stuff for free. I today. They put it in the way in the back. And the magazine goes like this. It's one. They can go to hell. Okay, Barnes and Noble. We hate you like poor. It's not like that. Just to you. Okay. I wish you had told me which one. Here's a fact that says the worst-end case that Carlos is absolutely correct sir. That's so really correct. The worst-end scary part is the smug tone of Phil's virulent warm-ungering talk. And the total con... Con... Con... Con... Con... Con... Con... Con... Con... Con... Con... Con... Con... Con... Con... Con... Con... Con... Con... Con... On... Con... Con... Con... Con... Con... Con... Con... Con... Con... Con... Con... Con... Con... Con... Con... 60 WQM if your carpets are schmutzimann if they're like full of crap and they got all kinds of stuff in them and on them if they're even smell too good it's time to do something voted you know what you do you do the smart thing call my good buddies at drug concepts not only have I used him over 20 years but all of my relatives even my picky mother use it right concepts we were talking about them just the other day and she said by the really the best they wonder for us and you're just where's lunch and cut the crap no but seriously she uses them and she loves him and so will you too because they make your carpets look just like brand new they charge your very reasonable price and not only as far as price being reasonable but they give you a written guaranteed price up front before they start doing the works soon have to worry at all about pack-ons add-on scams which are notorious in the carpet cleaning business they drag clean the carpets which sucks out even the deep down dirt in the five is your carpet makes them look and smell and feel just like brand new they smell limited price they're drying a couple of hours and you'll think a miracle was just performed on your flow they also had to spend his job cleaning your poultry and leather furniture your expensive oriental area roars too problems with pet orders mildew orders caused by water damage no problem for these folks they'll work their magic on us as well and make them just like brand new your tear self to try these folks just one time if I can get you to do that I'll have my job done because you'll never call anybody else again pull free called rock concepts at 1-800-2-4-8-5-07-1 1-800-2-4-8-5-07-1 or if you want even log under their website it drag concepts.com and see what it's all about rock concepts clean today entertain tonight not all mustard were created by packs of america that's why you should try a brand new weren't told to hate but you have rainbow pot that rules out hines but they're driven and Google is well paired to you I've got no way we're right here I think you're about to sell to you take your cabin mustard and fill it up your ass so in view of the seating hatred you embrace frinches will now be called freedom mustard yes Mr. President I love one of my comrades together freedom mustard for the great taste of hate can oh till at 5-60 WCM don't forget it's Wednesday it means our all comedy bed out between noon and one to which we say all right two minutes to one in a studio I'll say it again he admits he's a real pussy he's scared crap was mad at anything about the dolphin organization but he admits it one to three with a mad dog Hank at the Vegas again between three and six thirty six thirty it's the marlins on deck seven oh five marlins in a fillet that the pb park up the street it can't have a baseball game and joan mark overnight how about those panthers oh losing three nothing in Washington last night they couldn't score to the ocean the panthers but the youngsters in the organization you know the same old tired crap in a public in a one day with janeel writes that puff piece about rigged doubly on sundae and a public is supposed to get all whipped up on it's not gonna be really great yeah i'm trying to think the last time this team doesn't ever make the play off the panthers they just i mean you just forget about it they don't ever make the play off they've made it i think one since they've been in a new building which is now i believe this is the sixth season okay sure no no seriously i think in the history of the team history of the franchise they've made the play off three times i could be wrong there was the only loss to the rangers in five games the year they got swept by the devil's that and then of course the other had the big year went to the finals those are the only three years i can remember the panthers ever being a play off so i could be wrong you can correct me a far moron but uh you know what's the point what is the point put a product out there okay quit belly aching and put a real product out there that's just a bunch of kids some of whom are going to be very good someday of course by the way you won't be able to afford to keep them so it'll be more of the up and coming youngsters in your organization you know it would be like us put it put a bunch of kids on the year on a weekend on this the oh we do like the big uh oh he had a kid he's just the incompetent wqa m yes or speaking oh nale yes i am well nobody's perfect uh it's reverend jones again oh boy reverend jones yeah one thing about me with him i'm so i got him doubted with science you know you and hank got a CD out now and it's always it always starts with like a uh yeah question like that yes hank and i got a set it's a real big fat one by the way ooooh almost as fat as the number george is smoking in this other room right now you got a CD ass is what i've heard yeah that's what i'm hearing want to pick some no wqa m with you please hello then i missed something there i think you were talking what heard like a click wqa m hey nale good morning yes sir good morning winners be up often i do agree with you about everything but above this warning i don't but i want to bring something up you mentioned that uh you said that she layla doesn't want to do that ballsposter or she does yeah okay no she does not she doesn't want to be involved in that she might she's a Paul by it all right with the comment you said was that she had never seen up there correct right uh remember she stayed at sister gene house when the awelas were here when the elion so right sister gene i think has a pair there sir okay i retract my statement there you go thank you i stand corrected she bought him from janitor jannis got a gigantic pair and i think there's a three of a kind of like uh found they pass them around like basket balls five six seven five six deep pound fan us here slamming down a shaleala of all people and not only that but of all people all the things that she's been involved in all of the causes she's been involved in to get snook it in by wacky jackie Thompson oh my god Donna somebody oughta straighten that bitch out Christ well maybe he'll do it an award in a rack we're asking on the arraggies.com they're getting a gigantic response which indicates to me that there's some dillin going on you know what i mean the dillin sure this is the kind of pull that the he loves or it or them 249 votes in uh about 30 about 40 minutes fill Henry 59 leading away are you sure more how are dividend 45 neo roger's 41 16.4 percent howard sperm 34 peter on that 24 brushland ball 14 bill or rally 10 George Rodrigus we just put yonder just moments ago and already he's up to the eye Randy roes has got seven wow doctor roe five in the good news this mister ego we he'd be so disappointed he's got one just wait till he gets his free present i wonder if it's a real one or if it's a transplant but he's got one wqa m yeah i would have to be on yes sir speak in the oh speaking yes oh sorry i didn't recognize your voice on the thund i want to try to get to you yesterday i'm tired of hearing people talk about if you're against the war that means you're against the troops that's stupid hey what's the dumbest thing i've ever heard in and even you earlier said something about uh bill Henry said he voted for al Gore no i i call a said that i didn't say that probably what i mean if you repeat it you said you said even though i voted for for al Gore i still support the troops and senior wedding that if you're a democrat and you're against the war then you don't like the troops which is just absolutely ass-in-ine and right the thing about the French but everybody hate the French let me tell you one thing they're getting their oil discounted 40% off wholesale from sit-on if we were if bush was getting as well of this counted 40% we would not be at war right now good that's how much money that would be in the United States 40% off wholesale right so we would be supporting well we are to get support sit-on but we wouldn't be able to blow up their world well let's see it a buck 60 a gallon 40% would be uh 64 cents yeah so that would be a dollar a million gallons and i'm six cents a gallon i'll take it right now i'll fill it up right now yeah but they would still be charges to buck 60 there oh but i thought they would be our buddies in that case none of that's the bush liquor way that's okay which would be like the charging pay a rock or charging for the water in a rack in humcasser okay have a great day pal thanks uh you long time lister since 1990 says oh wait till year this you're gonna be very distraught okay love to your show i think what they mean is love your show well i got emotional but please kill the noon to one all bits hour no i tune in to listen to you not some silly bits i tune out every Wednesday at noon i read the listener rush as nauseating as he is because of work i can't tune in until 10 a.m. so on Wednesdays i'll only listen to two hours of your show these bits aren't funny you're funny you're right what what you're right what i'll be really distraught the straw and sea strott yeah sea span see this well i will have to find out i don't know i thought we already did this and checked out with the audience and the majority of them thought it was a hoot they enjoyed it nice you know it comes on the middle of the the week and a Wednesday and at humpday crap which i hate that term but it just seems like a natural i don't know like a little program works in a while i will run especially during these depressing times you know what that look who's on again just a glitch i give them all right thanks there's her a brother Gregory ugly little kid and Gregory's on thank you very much for a death heroic thing yeah i look i don't want to demean her the whole thing i'm glad that she's safe and still alive all of she's got the three broken limbs and should have been put in a harm's way in the first place but the fact that the matter is all these puff pieces this isn't war coverage this is puff crab yeah like puff pastry which i think the french make that don't they they're gonna dwell on this and so some other little positive something rather have to say well on that and uh not show any stuff don't ring geol and homestead says i haven't been listening to you for about two weeks since the war has started a mistake i've been losing sleep always in a bad mood about wondering why i finally figured it out i believe the twenty four hour coverage of the war finally tuned in you and really realized the person that's built up on me only wish the troops are able to hear you also oh no we don't want to know that troops here and a bunch of stuff like that faggot saying like that call way yesterday thank god our troops can hear a fact like you yeah i hate to break the issue but there are a lot of troops who do listen to this show right they do and on the internet i'm not saying that they got to chance now over there and i'm not in Iraq but i'm talking about one week of calls in fact you can look into our uh stats on air the domain page hmm see people listening in Saudi Arabia and uh you name Egypt you name it ragheads i was your bizha and that a gaskar which we're going to be invading next by the way well that's just a little heads up for that you know what about an off limit spavy i'm in addition to which let me just say this to you if we were dropping this gigantic uh arsenal of weapons in Cuba right now and people in south order their relatives were dying or being put in harm's way do you think that he be uh is gung over the war is they are what's going on in Iraq nothing would not as long as castra is going on they don't care how long we have to get castra on the evil doors his brother and they know a roul but not gonna drop no smart bombs one marine with a pistol are you starting up again oh i'm sorry because i see you're moving up on list i think let's see if you've got 10 yet maybe just stuck on at nine but turn man you got 10 your time with bill or Riley and you're a free late edition yeah so George Rodriguez is moving up to list rapidly you're out of 275 votes wouldn't you know you're gonna pass bill or Riley and rush like your standing still i wouldn't wouldn't surprise me if you pass Peter our net and i didn't even go on Baghdad TV probably surpassed Peter our net look what happened to his broad casting job i don't want it you know i don't sound threatening when you're nothing you got fired in the same day i said look what happened with broadcasting juts here not listening is usual you're not listening you're pretending you're listening but you're hearing selectively only what is convenient you're blocking out the important word what broadcast job now if you have a job waiting for you in journalism and print journalism i'm sure that maybe that would be great let you could go over right radio and tv stuff in the air all somebody's got somebody has to write a baby maybe for the yes on sent on you could take over Tommy jikka's job anybody could do a better job than he's doing which is nothing right in pop pieces about never tv was smallville on last night yeah but it was repeat oh thank goodness i was watching hockey last night book great games on last night and more you're an asshole man fieldy was talking about what a great game the island of range of game was live was sensational range of his tied it up late went and over time on to put tie in the course of uh... Rangers barely keep in their playoff hopes alive which never make it thank goodness and at least in jersey and overtime and uh... Thomas coverless scores the winning goal i skone baby great hockey games on last night swiper all about smallville and the speak of small is one other expression if i ever hear it again i'm gonna apps i'm gonna start troan balls around small ball huh yeah see this is a new baseball the one here at our station uh... he it's because we don't have a lot of home run hitters on the marlins so the idea being that you score runs by getting a lot of hits in a lot of singles and doubles so it's small ball if that isn't the most disgusting stupid that's almost worse than or he goes yard yeah same he goes yard i'm going nuts not going yard i'm going nuts i'm gonna call scottland yard and put it into this crap we're playing small ball yeah we got to affect the carless was just washing them off in a sink against the small ball here are more great deals from time limit in joperator are good close personal pyzons at halapati act gmc put your ear to the radio and listen carefully neodial number one gets zero percent financing for sixty months on every potty echo gmc in stock neodial number two gets you up to a four thousand dollar rebate and every new gmc in potty eckon stock you heard me right get up to a four thousand dollar rebate and every new car truck in stock neodial number three if you're currently a gm smart leacher smart by customer and drive a shivie blazer old's bravada or gmc gimee via lease a new potty echo gmc in extra thousand dollars off the price stop i hellet and test drive the all new and powerful potty a grand pre that's how they pronounce it by the way George with an x grand pre how you just have a grand pre years ago yeah a great credit I loved it it was a black it was a beautiful thing halapati act gmc there are one thirty four one south to see highway that's you us one across in the falls open seven days a week for more info called neodial hotline and by the way time no i don't like i don't like rampies but on a one one tech it was probably hurt me say that it would sell one up here for me i like corvets the neodial hotline tool free it's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven that's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven no forget all neodials are subject to credit approval see neodial for details in halapati act gmc will be pro official grave Terry Gemma most Oh, and Rita, me a confetti so he's got to get married There is a fairy and he's gone and married They're all hating home home, now he's got to get married It's so scared of the white house almost Yes He's a fan And a dark British milk with a low up dome A British goat That's what he stole for That's the double and he never reached to now On a road Rita, sweet, me a lipping fairy so he's got to get married Very, very, very, very, very She's gone and married And a painting home home, but he's gone again Mary, home home has to do it Oh my god, 10, 19, and 5, 60 WC, you have a happy Wednesday There's a great real-encine who's got to rescue a new rock Her name is Jessica Lynch, she's still alive Can you wait for me with this situation? Wow, speaking of that, what about the other bodies they found in that? Wow, we're going to get to that on this fax, you must be physical Found at the end of an article on AOL about the rescue of Jessica Lynch Says this fax, Senator Jay Rockefeller, Democrat West Virginia called the rescue of Miracle God watched over Jessica and her family Rockefeller said to raise spokesman in Washington All the West, all of West Virginia is rejoicing This is an amazing tribute to the skill I'm courage of our military The fax who says, so God didn't give a shmit about the deceased people or their families That were found with her, 11 bodies were found with jessor But I guess God wasn't looking over them The fax who says, I think the religion is to our right There is no evolution of the species they've made certain of that Good point, and there's a great line in that area is a furry bit that we just played You know the expression con job I think thanks to this administration we've got a new term, a new cliche Neocon job Huh, that's what this war is That's what this administration is, that's what the election of 2000 was a neocon job And are we proud to see all these people do stepping in line as proud the mindless Americans, millions and millions of them The overwhelming majority, just do stepping right in line By the way, we already got Bush's voice of America about cheap channels on our website, whoever facts that Thank you, already on air, crude channel communications, the mouthpiece So, on TV that got Fox News, all fascism all spin all day And on radio that got cheap channel communications, which owns like 95% of every station Right, it is matter of fact, just in this market loan, you know how many stations they own? About 30 man, just in South Florida Just in this county, I think they own Let's see, here's one of the system, all, all here we go, well, that's just good We're looking for some input I'm also against the noon to one hour of bits, did you know that Randy Rhodes in an ed broad cast was off the year yesterday? The clear channel station said it was down for maintenance conspiracy, question mark How do you like that? The Randy Rhodes website was down It says, Eddie and Williams were Virginia, who must be a really desperate listener to hurt, but anyway, says, thank you for all that you do, you're welcome Eddie Sounds like a freaking conspiracy, and this we are calling Jagg off web, right? That's right God 69 votes for Phil in the lead, are you sure? Yep, look at that right now, 69 is it Phil? Mohour David at 57, Neo Rogers 48, Howard sperm 41, which broadcast has been most disappointed you in regard to the war in Iraq Peter on at 33, Lardas, Limbaugh 20, and Europe to Lardas, wow, I don't Man, you were Lardas, side by each He's got a bigger gut, but I got perfected that is, and for the guy that wanted to buy stupid white people by Michael Moore and what was that store Barnes and Old? Yeah, which we want to mention on here, Barn Hrunell to them Somebody fasses me this, it said, maybe it's a good thing he couldn't buy the book there Section 215 of the Patriot Act Allows FBI agents to obtain a warrant from a secret federal court for library or bookstore records of anyone connected to an investigation of international terrorism or spine And of course they can decide arbitrarily who is a spine who is not Unlike conventional search warns, there's no need for agents to show that the target is suspected of a crime or possesses evidence of a crime As the Santa Cruz signs indicate to law prohibits libraries and books to us from telling their patrons anybody else that the FBI has sought the records The Patriot Act, the major expansion of government search and surveillance authority was passed by Congress six weeks after 9.11 But in the last year, Section 215 is route organizations of librarians and books, Allows in a way burst of political activity and is being cited increasingly by critics as an example of the new laws in trussiveness You can hear those boots stopping in a background big time, baby What you re-re-witching by was you lost what you think all of these things They're checking the shoes being naughty and nice and easy and even who's thinking about being naughty Yeah, and not too happy about it either 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Marbles line Fills got 72 votes and more Howard David is the one giving a race How do you like that? Huh aren't you pretty disappointed his commentary on the y'all boring Iraq? I never knew what his politics were to begin with News is he It all depends on which piece he's got his head on that thing and where it's where it winds up on his head If it's farther to the right he becomes a little more forward If it's a little too delecty becomes anti-war he's got a left wing in a right and if it's straight down the middle he is whatever it is A schmuck I would dance on his grave I hate to say that I keep saying it a lot because I because I'm just being honest with you I would I can't think of anybody else I would dance on a grave. No kind of music would you dance to disco Just go show to disco would be good. I think that was fair right in village people Why I am C. A. I can see myself just doing it right there on his grave for the y.m. see the village people I be the Indian 560 pound 560 and maybe defokably the Indian WQAM speaking yes, man I'm fine. How are you? Fine. How are you today? Okay. Good. Glad you're back again. I'm not. I just wanted to say I don't know you may already have expressed in the opinion this morning On this girl who was rescued is it the policy of the United States all me now to put women on the battlefield? Well, I don't know exactly what her function was I guess we should also know by now what that crew that was supposed to be She was part of the engineer. She wasn't in the combat she was she was an engineer. She was part of the crew that was like She was a supply truck and she'd the pound she was driving a road to the city. Obviously was putting her arms away. That's the point. She was in a convoy. Right. That's all. I mean, I think it's deplorable. I'm not a unisex advocate. And I think there is a difference between men and women and just that you know that 30 year old mother of two mother of a two year old the cook who also was the black woman. And now this 19 year old you know during World War 2 in England the unit can tell by my voice for him from But women were conscript and single women were conscripted at 19 but they were used on bases and headquarters you know And I mean there's ample room for to use women. I mean I think this is a deplorable change of attitude towards women myself. What do you think Neil? I think it's grotesque that there should be put in the arms way. Right. Okay. In fact, I think it's grotesque that any of these people should be put in the arms way for the administration to get what it wants. I agree with you. And why they consider a causing death and destruction liberation has beyond me. Well, liberation by elimination. You know if they grow enough of them they can take over the whole damn place have a great day. That's liberation by elimination. That's right. When in doubt, well, why if you out? And then you look around and then they will fear you. 567. Let's hear about that noon one hour because we can actually change our plan. It didn't bother me one more day. I can take it to leave. I mean, and of course you since you don't have to answer the phone today. You're just sitting there looking, you know, natural. I was going to say stupid. Carlos is over there laughing at you. I'd slap him around a little bit if I was you keeping my line. He started to get a little, you know, since I gave him that bonus check there for the great work he's doing on the weekend. By the way, we do change our bedtime stories every day, seven days a week, even when I'm on vacation, which I think was pretty magnanimous of me. Damn straight. It was. But what the other block here, what was not going to do with that hour and a morning? Get up a little bit early, stick it on her, go back to bed. That's what I did. Yeah. Close the windows real tight to make sure I didn't catch no SARS. You're in there. You see that plane at American Airlines right in coming from Tokyo to San Jose yesterday. They said, you know the way to San Jose? No, you can't get there from here. They said go someplace else. And it turned out they get a little bit of a scare there and they had five people suspected and nobody was infected. Nobody had SARS. And you talk about that here and I, what's that? What was that? Severe acute respiratory syndrome. Kind of like Pinnomonia. The good news is that it's much your list deadly than pneumonia. There's a 97 to 98% survival rate with SARS. So the fact that so many people are hyperventilating getting really nervous, especially like in Toronto, you know? Yeah. I think I'm going back right now. There's probably a flight or your candidate just filed for Chapter 11. I turned it up before the show today. I don't think they're going to be any airlines left. American Airlines got bailed out the other day, but they're right on the verge. Air candidate filed for Chapter 11 protection. They're up to, and I don't know how because with the fees that they did, the the fairs that they charge. Man, talk about our rip-up. I love your candidate. Oh, can we run? How are you doing, Helen? But they just, gouge the public and they got that monopoly when they bought out, uh, what was the other one creating in here? They took it over and they're still losing their ass. Just keep flying long enough to get me back there. Okay, I just not come back, you know? I'm just going back all over half the, I could just drive to Buffalo every once every few months to maintain my American citizenship. That's all they have to do. Go to Buffalo. Why don't you go back to Canada, you two bastards? Well, maybe, Suze the coast is clear. 29 past 10 as soon as they stop coughing up there. You know, if you get on a plane, somebody starts calling, and you give a dirty look right away. It's all right. We just cover your whole thing where those things are. Search your mask. Right. I can't believe what's going to happen in this town on Monday, April 7. This coming Monday, it's the last freeze for getting dinner night. All right. For the season at Pompeto Park harnesses, there's nothing sacred left in this town. Better make sure to get to Pompeto Park this Monday night because with every Pompeto Park program purchased, you'll get you a coupon good for a free spaghetti dinner at the 4th floor players lounge. Your dinner includes rolls in butter, salad a heaping plate of pasta with marinara sauce, and with the way things are going right now. Nobody's got two nickels to rub together the economies in a crapper people are out of work. Here's a chance for a great free meal of Pompeto Park. This coming Monday, April 7, market down in your calendar right now. Pompeto Park is open for live harness racing for nights a week. Monday, Wednesday, like tonight, Friday and Saturday, first post time 7, 15, as always, free general parking free admission as well. I don't forget to be Wednesday like tonight at Pompeto Park is dollar night for a draft beer hot dog, sodas and more. And if you're reading ice to Dick Feinberg, he'll be a year of stories from Batavia down and tell you stories about Bob Bollmar and Buddy Gilmore. Pompeto Park located at a block south of the line of Boulevard on Powerline Road for more information, go online at Pompeto Park.com. Pompeto Park course power you can bet on. Don't forget post time tonight, 715 at Pompeto Park. Pompeto Park. Pompeto Park. Pompeto Park. This is 42056. You're way too way, yeah. Again, go smoke your draft, please. All right, say it was attacked by the Pokemon. He was the named my friend, Bunga. Oh no, I don't feel safe in India. Poor I'd rather be a new yoke and driving up. Thank you, my friend. Thank you, my friend. 1032 at 560 WC, here's one of our really chronic factors who says this morning, I listened to how we're dividend for about 30 seconds. He was giving away panther tickets, I guess to give calls, but to win the panther tickets he had answer on NBA trivia question. Huh? Y'all they kept his mouth shut the entire time. He knew how it was ridiculous. He knew how it was. He knew how it was. He knew how it was. He knew how it was. He knew how it was. He knew how it was. He knew how it was. He knew how it was. He knew how it was. He knew how it was. He knew how it was. He knew how it was. He knew how it was. He knew how it was. He knew how it was. He knew how it was. He knew how it was. He knew how it was. He knew how it was. He knew how it was. He knew how it was. He knew how it was. He knew how it was. He knew how it was. He knew how it was. There was things. There was that clock up. Do worse hours of this heavy duty saved the world talk for that bitch.峜ý. Hey down these bayboard shines. You need to work every day. Personal layers.友 bread tasty manージ. what. our.DEbited they want to. standardized but for six spots. it was blank. How boring. 38 former broadcaster little Georgie Rodriguez 24 Lardass Limbaugh 22 I pointed past Bill O'Reilly like he was laying down on a floor with Mo. Bill O'Reilly 15 Randy Rhodes 10 Dr. Lossix and Mr. Rigo's got five Oh yeah he musta had Nick musta voted and little Brian and Richard Essin the big fat lawyer that's on her eaten 40 or 50 breakfasts here he is a slurping on here first year's they won one day a couple years ago I found that station design tuned it in do you know how many meals Richard Essin the while the show was on but third man was embarrassed god the same crew of I mean like us at least we added Carlos there George found him out of the overpass one day and picked him up because he felt sorry for but at least we like to change the the beast you know he's a new character in the building right as opposed to our old days and I would but there's some people that always like they they they don't just go on the air would they like live they go on make appearances they're surrounded by the same entourage you know there's Steve there's Nick there's a little Brian and yeah what is that what is that like there are pindages yeah everybody needs somebody everybody needs an appendage car all my what is all this stuff coming in here says I'm trying to keep it a little on the light side you know Monday we had a heavy duty very very serious show I saved the world on Monday I thought and then come to find out that that we still got problems now here's a fact that says from uh... filled a monkey man and we know who that is yeah he was a parent says and stuff he's uh come to stuff the he says hey poodle there's only one person that calls me poodle you know which asshole that is out that direction oh well that car was not our car was but three key colors hey poodle what does that come back screamer i i i i'm asking you i have no idea what that means that some gay term must be what you're asking me yeah that's getting you asking a much of a like me about some fact term like hey poodle kind of pet name is a lot of you said it's saying i can't handle say boy means man they look can't handle screaming queens don't understand what i'm saying freaky carlos maybe hello with Tammy if he anyway for the monkey man says i love the wednesday no one comedy but was he because he's a silly person especially any monkey related songs which is why just played that and especially anything from my good friend bokeh brine keep it up keep a mark alive in a monkey around just full of monkey man you know Steve with a hands that guy oh oh that's bad and then of course we got the the the toad at pompino park David the toad oh you know i thought that he did remember the one horror you don't have to put his last name on his right on the turn one of you're always getting a old jack horror show on the air horror show oh yeah he's bizarre guy i thought he ran the car remember a couple years ago i thought he ran himself over in a car with somebody with the same name in pop of the old member of that he paid the car for himself and then he took a few weeks ago i'm at the track and there's a David horror stander right on the dick find bro shoulder losing dick losing okay he's bad news I mean i don't know what what kind of news he just strange goes shows up and it's a part of the cast of this program you know okay like i'm fat rich from the new roger show all of that rich is from the new roger show right he's got a um... hernia yeah that he says ways about twenty pounds that has to come out but they can't operate on that and to because they just finished operating on the uh... he had the other maker right so they and he said this is the same thing that more is give head hernia yeah and they operate on him to have a daughter of a heart attack i thought he had an intestinal but then they operate in the head of heart attack during the operation and then they operated too fast at least allegedly i think they're so in my son yeah and they said to our favorites we don't want to make you into another more skim he never sounded to me quite like more skim he got speaks in the lower register yeah you don't know how he sings five six seven oh five sixty pound no i certainly do not w q a m good morning meal yes sir uh... you know you're commenting about your skills as uh... my skills for yes of course cast yes i was great and it brought up memories of the marlins expedit exhibition first game where you uh... gave play by play for about twenty minutes i did i was yes and i will tell you something i'm i'm on all part and listen to the baseball on the radio for a long time and that was riveting absolutely riveting yeah they don't know what the mission they really don't know what the mission with with you and that's not just long smoke up your butt because you don't meet it feels like it's not a little isn't uh... this guy shnip yeah uh... he's uh... i just i could listen to marlins game the other day and i happen to you he was commenting about you inside saying how he's number one in market you should go back to Denmark to Denmark he's number one in the market exactly no he's not first of all he's not even in the market he's a broadcasting out of Tampa that's number one on the same time period so what the little is talking about it's exactly i mean it's that's what the channels all about anything you want and uh... it gets over right away we love you niel keep it up uh... you're the only same boys on the right back you're friends here comes when uh... so anyway that's pretty interesting the shrimp myster and this is after doctor or after the that repeat so chief channel must be having a nervous break down they would love for me to be off the earth because then there would be anybody with the balls except maybe the goddess to be nobody with the balls to out them and talk about what about your fascist pigs they are and how they're like menipy laying the entire broadcast industry for fun and profit and how they're in bed with bush mice or in like how they're Texas based by the way has even the number one in any time spot the key was time for number one in the last trend in the afternoon drive i say so he wants to talk about that and whatever though i said to be a smart ass is uh... fill the monkey man they send me looking at cartoon of a monkey he says i'm not gay just like to play with monkeys uh... okay he likes to monkey around okay we're not getting calls about that new no one comedy but so we better we only got an hour in the twenty minutes for the audience to help us decide looking called during the uh... twelve in and all they can't how they're going to do that you want to get the cut off in midstream squirt squirt and it's bad fill and be eighty three more hour divided sixty four near Rogers fifty eight how it's firm forty eight peter our net forty judge Rodriguez twenty four larges is coming back on you oh no he's coming back on the inside of the back of the machine along the rail twenty four you're only got a one bill oriley sixteen randy roads ten the old goddess just obsessed with her own importance doctor Laura seven and mister ego Steve king has got five it's a pretty good percentage of his entire audience which we know he's got thirty men nineteen twelve eleven and five sixty w q m march madness is winding that even though it's April of course the tournaments are getting to a close and if you want to plunge your guts out on the final four on any other kind of sporting event you better know who with whom you be dealing VIP sportsbook dot com is the best you know carry sarner i don't want to see a but this piece of copy gave me quite frankly even a child knows that we're down to the final four and at the march madness now that's April the second if I look on my counter you know I realize that you don't want to do any work back there either because you just another putbacker who takes orders over the goddamn fact machine like all the others like tajrek will the real sales people a q a m please stand up you know see anybody standing you can have complete trust in VIP sportsbook dot com illegal in license sportsbook and one of the original online books and still the best in the universe like high parlay odds how to parlay odds up to two thousand one son pretty damn good how about free same day payouts how about a fifteen percent cash bonus ended your first deposit but most of all for the past seven years VIP sportsbook dot com is earned a great reputation is the sportsbook with the best customer service sportsbook reviewed dot com is rated them number one new moral uno and customer service two years in a row who knows it might be your turn to go on a roll of a lifetime but you better make sure you're in the right sportsbook when you do that sign up online VIP sportsbook dot com and get yourself a fifteen percent cash bonus ended your first deposit nothing like starting out a winner not online column toll free at one eight six six VIP bets that's eight six six VIP bets please keep in mind the fifteen percent son of bonuses only available when you get online so get your ass online and get that fifteen percent cash bonus today at VIP sportsbook dot com where you and Gary the same and it's not my base we're both your eyes going looking right under my clothes is my biggest after welcome underneath my clothes there's a great new building bigger than jellos is my huge but you need and that is why nobody cares the icing so bring in money and there's my clothes there's a great big hiding when I try to pay because I'm lending for and locals them of trying some comedy. Oh no! It says, I can't listen to QM before I know Moe. No one I'd rather hear you but bits are okay. They're okay? Which is kind of like a lukewarm, you know. Come see come saw. He calls, oh, Jay's calls up the dirty boys. Wasn't he bitching behind her back about the fact that the reason his numbers are so crappy is because he sandwiched in between two non-sport shows, meaning us and Joe and Mark in the dark. And now he's sucking up to their face. Just like he was with me yesterday a little bit, which I still can't get over. Of course, that didn't last, you know. I would dance on his grave. I'm thinking about that April Fool's Day yesterday. Maybe that was it after all. Yeah, I wonder which one was the fool? Five, six, seven. Come on, let's find out about this new and the one hour. This is something you want people to feel very strongly about. Don't you? Come on, get with it. This is our freaking livelihood. Don't you people care? No. Stop into a frenzy. But that's right. They're all listening to the Lard S anyway between noon and one. I forgot about that. They want to cut the wheel load on scoop. I'm running to you on the war in Iraq. Phil Henry 87. And we've had some really nasty, fiery ports about the Connishian arrogance he's doing on the arena. Very little comedy, little bow, the very little voices. Pantificating for six hours right wing propaganda. Night after night, that's a little freaky guy. Our little Carlos says, be near boy. Right? Am I right? I don't want to put it because I don't listen. I do not listen to him. No. I try to wall back. I told you I tried listening to Rush during the baseball. I'm last Friday. That lasted about 45 seconds until his first lie. And then that's it. I listen to this station when I can handle it. What I can I even listen to Mo come to work in the morning. How do you like that? Huh? My good close personal buddy. I hate to admit it even though I already have. You listen to Mo come to work in the morning. You listen to Mo? No, that's not what I was going to admit. You Mo? The George is admitting to the he's Mo. I listen to NPR. Uh, yeah. Oh, I know. What does that tell you? Well, here's the column by Joe Connishian New York Observer. Can Bush handle panels questions. Oh, oh, this is about the 9-11 commission, which I noticed is finally finding to get in their act together. We'll save that for tomorrow. Can we save that for tomorrow? Okay. What we got in our bedtime stories on their day to kill it to choke a horse and be in a boy don't want to be bothered with any more. I guarantee you that. And of course, when it comes to another check, I don't want to be bothered with that either. Just a minute, I'm getting organized here. Okay, there's too much threat. Get a little organized over here. Fine, I don't have a doubt of a science here like I do in Toronto. I have like everything, even though this is a bigger area of the studio, there is just much more user friendly. You know what I mean? Yeah, I did. Like compact and close up. And I know where to stick this and I know where to stick that. Back to everything. We're such a fine. WQAM. QAM. That's what I thought I heard. Probably some ass. WQAM. Yes. Meal, I had for the bits on 12 to 1 hour. I think you're a lot funnier than the bits. I mean, the only problem with that hour is maybe out of 100 to or funny. And Condoliza and the backpipes guy. And yeah, I think the actual calls are funnier. You're best of calls, like wacky colors and you ripen them in. The best of calls? Yeah, you should do something like that because I think a one's purchased one of your CDs. You think it was going to be a lot of funny calls. But then you just have to stick to a lot of bad signs. I don't know what they'll want to listen to a whole song. Yeah. I think you're great. You know, listen to your every. I understand. Well, listen, I wouldn't have asked a question. I don't want people to ask to call you in suck my ass. I want to truth man. I can handle it. Well, that's the truth. I'm very, very offended. All right, take care. Have a great day, pal. I'm bitterly offended. I can handle it. I don't want people to just call up here sugar coating. Oh, no matter what you do, I mean, that to me, that makes me sick. You know, and it does. No matter what you do, it's great with it. It's bull crap. That's not an honest answer. You know, that's like saying, hey, where do you want me to stick it? Oh, no matter where you stick it, I'll be happy. You know, yeah. That's bull crap. That's what's granted. Roy. Roy. Can you believe what a slimy drunken bitch in the in the in the QM sky box at PV bar. Here were the Marlon station. I sure hope the Marlon organization doesn't get wind to that, you know? It's a wind of it. Seriously, look, the way these sports people are in this town. They're so thin, skinily. I wouldn't be surprised that the president of Marlon's if a old David Samson and Delilah gets a wind of that. That screw-in-winic was up there drunk like a skunk on her ass rolling around in a goddamn floor with a bunch of our clients. Well, that's a good way to sell, I guess. Sure. Think they got a word for that. Here's a facts from Rodney and Davey. He says, a letter written by a friend of mine on the war. Oh. Oh, I see. He's a, I'm sure an open mind. No, I will not listen to your friend in the war and I voted for Neil is most disappointing. Well, I'm real happy for you, Rodney and Davey. You don't have a park your horse anymore, okay? Not interested. You're not going to change my mind, okay? My opinion has been based on, on the voluminous reading and I'm coming since and I'm knowing what the hell this is really all about. That one, I want some friend of yours wrote a letter about. Yeah, bye. Oh, look at this. So time has come for the quiet majority in this nation to stand up and loudly proclaim the purity of the mission. This nation is currently undertaking of our very future, right, the genetic purity, the ethnic purity. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. What do you think about that noon to one hour? It's only an hour in a few minutes away. We better get this down to a side to go. You get wasted time when your place gets with it. WCQAM. Yeah, I need going. Okay, sir. I'm sorry for the morning. Yes, sir. I like to talk to me. You're speaking to him. Oh, this is me. I feel from the orientation, yes, sir. Alright, you know, I got to say, first of all, I really do appreciate your intellect and your point to view and your wacky humor. But it wasn't for you and the goddess. We wouldn't have anybody talking about the truth on the radio. That's correct. I appreciate you. Thank you, Neil. Thank you very much. Like I said, sucking my little bit is okay. Did I just say that a minute ago? There's nothing wrong with sucking around whatever you do Neil is great with me. You're the, but that's fine. I like that. We can do four hours of that every day. Suck, not this guy was good. I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not in him. But I'm just saying in general that a lot of people are called talk shows just call to suck around like that Larry that calls more every morning. Larry, you're not fooling anybody. And by the way, nobody cares about the Marlin's Larry. But let's face it. Nobody cares. Carlos does. No, he doesn't care about the Marlin's. He only cares about going and getting free tickets in a free hot dog. He went there because he had free weenies. Right, I didn't know that at the time. Yeah, that it was free hot dog day. And by the way, speaking of a winies, you know, the Marlin's got to be, I'm thinking, of course, football players are pretty ugly too, except for Tom Brady. But, uh, no, seriously, the Marlin's they've been, and this is their 10th anniversary season, right? Other than Matt Mantai, which they got him out of here real fast, have they ever had a good looking guy on that team? I don't think so. I'm talking about a really hot looking guy, you know, like a deal, Murphy, like a real, a good looking guy, like Biff Polka, Roba. But you're just thinking about it. No, seriously, I mean, most of the Marlin's look like Charlie Huff, you know? Mine think of the Marlin's, I think of Charlie Huff and Puffin. Old Charlie would have knuckleball. I was there that day, by the way, opening day. First game in Marlin's history. I was a fan for about five minutes. And I sent there when it stands. And I listen to these idiots around me there. I, you know, when I got to get to first base, he's got to go back and tank up out of the bag before we can take his lead. I mean, these people would know it doesn't make it. Yeah, even George is laughing, even George, what kind, of course, they were your people by the way. Yeah, right. Yeah, they were. Okay. Oh, the Cubans, they love baseball, they're even 11. They just don't know anything about it. Okay, you know, it's pellet, B-E-I-S-V-O-L, by the way. See, I don't know how to just wait some games. I just don't spend my life. Yeah, I'm, I heard you played a lot of games, right? Not as many as you'd like, but I'm here. Right? Well, I don't know. I'm, keep strong yet. Why you're still alive. That's what I'm figuring. So I am, huh? See, they missed their chance. They're golden opportunity to influence the programming of the show. W-Q-I-M. Hi, I think you should keep the noon to one hour because it's easy to get new listeners. When I tell my friends, you have to tune into the station between 12 and 1 in tell them it's a calm, it's not the calm, it's not the calm, it's I get more people to tune in and listen and it's important for them to listen. Excellent. Thank you, sir. God bless you. Thank you. See, that's not a good bait. Yeah, it sucks. In a pin, I got to Billboard's going. Finally? I don't want to tell the audience the embarrassing call I had from Norma Kettigan last night at Homa. When you started and didn't I say yesterday's? I forgot about that. I said on a year, I don't want him ever to call me again. I listen to an emergency and Pete Lady don't ever call me. Emergency or not. He must not have been listening to me. He heard it tonight. Now that I think about it, that's why he called. Yeah. To prove a point that I would take his call. He was really angry with me about well, he was deropting day Monday at the ballgame. He was went through the program, the model program didn't see an ad for QAM. They were ads for all these other stations. And I said, why the F, what I care about that? What does that have to do with me? Why do I care? Well, I don't know. I thought maybe you might have some ideas on that. This is, this is my agent. This is why every talk host in the world is syndicated. And I'm on this. This AM station that you can't even hear 10 blocks up the road when they are, when the lines are hanging, when they're hanging reload. Norma, don't call me again. Okay, what word didn't you understand? Call up Joyce Kaufman. Okay. Have a nice chat with her. Send more emails to your buddy, wacky Jackie. Okay. I think it's a match made in heaven, the Tuaia. But just leave me to hell alone. Aren't you concerned about why there wasn't a QAM? See, personally, I rather have to billboards up all over town. I'm really pleased with that. Better late than never. Somebody will see those. I see him every day. Right? I even see the mole one. I just stop and straighten the hairpiece out on the mole one this morning on the way to work. I left the ladder up there for you. Right. To crank the lights out. When in doubt, shut them out. That's what the Panthers of opponents always say before the game. When in doubt, shut them out. And they usually do. Cheryl says, my vote is for Neal Talk and bedtime stories. They're the comedy bits. And Neal Talk and all bedtime stories. Ah, ah. Sorry, Cheryl, we love you. But I cannot listen to fill anymore. I used to be a big fan, but can no longer take his tirades. And not see if you sit in Cheryl. How do you like that? His Nazi views on a fill-handy show. You understand the stop-open stack of everyone. I guess so. Here is the most chronic fracture of the mall who says. The Marlins had the guy who played first base during the World Series who was the married to Lynn Austin. Total babe. Or total babe guy. What? Total babe guy. What? What is this? The Marlins had the guy who played first base during the World Series who was married to Lynn Austin. Who was that? I don't know. Total babe guy. Or Lando. More more more testies to strata. Poodle. Poodle. Poodle. Poodle. Total babe guy. I don't think so. And if you're going to give me a stuff like a give me a name. Okay, give me a name. Give me some of the hang my head on. Something to grab onto. So not only is screw-and when it gets and sliced out of her mind at the Marlin. I'm embarrassed. You know embarrassed. Like Larry Louge and you. Because they were embarrassed to work here, but we'll take the money in. I like you were sloshed and done. No, but it's just embarrassed to be associated with these people. Screw-and-winic. I think it's high common man. Oh man, what a slut. 1057 at 560. Ruh-Ruh. W-A-M. And Todd Drek, are we embarrassed to work with him? If he don't bring me some new fast-trained copy and I'm personally going to call off my friends at fast-trained and see that some other AE gets you account. What do you more embarrassed by her or him? Oh, him. Not even close. Because that has to do with business. She else something. She is a winner. She's my favorite compared to Todd Drek. No, because I don't have any accounts. She doesn't have any accounts. Well, at least not the business end. You know what I mean? No. Well, maybe she handles their business. And I don't know what she's doing or who she's doing. But monkey business. Yeah. Anyway. Now Todd Drek is just a loser. He just he refueled. In fact, when Petey Lye and Lenny left there, he was the one point he made. There's a guy that takes sheets out of a fax paper, a fax machine, and hands it to us. And at the here's copy, you know, don't even look at it. Doesn't make any effort. He refuses to work. He's a butt plug. Todd Drek. I hate him. In fact, you know, something him and mobile way we get a two-for-deal. I'd dance at both their graves. Anyway, if you're looking for a real job, and you want to really do a little bit of work and make a big fat paycheck. If you're trying to be an aded and crappy job and working for peanuts. Fast train, toll free at 1-866 fast train, and get started in a new high-pain computer job. Call fast train right now. They offer you convenient day evening weekend classes. Check them out on the web. At fast train.com, and got out of your crappy dead end job and working for some schmuck. Unlike dictators, computer professionals are in high demand. So call fast train today. They got locations all over town, so no matter where you live. There's got to be one convenient easy for you to get to. They're in Miami, Kendall, Pembro Pines, for a lot of deal. Got to be one nearby you. Register at fast train.com to receive your free American flag bumper sticker. Call fast train today. Tull free. Tom Todd Rex is a schmuck. Use any word in the dictionary. I'll be more than happy to back up on it. 1-866 fast train. 5-666. 3-866. 3-866. You ain't kidding. I mean, the audience is right, Darren Dalton, but he was only here for like about 15 seconds. Ray looking guy, baby. He got on to here while he was getting his food. Love you Darren. We need again if we don't want a turn from the first part to the left. Just all this way. We both end you. Line of circle. It was our two. As the bombs drop from the stars from far away. Maybe we should have painted tension a little bit more to the flats. We chose to ignore. The price of capacity clung but I'm afraid that the lawn won't be there. We'll be again with a hole that I'd wear. Civil rights will be restored once on a day. We'll be again if we don't want a turn from the first part to the left. Just all this way. We'll be again with a hole that my death is a volatory to the sword of the solidly. 11.02 at 5.60. 11.25.50 minutes away from that big moment of decision to new to one hour. What's it going to be? Is it going to be up? Is it going to be down? We don't know. The audience has been a tremendous help so far. How about it? No. Ackwin Ohio. Court of the Cleveland plain dealer. Smoking marijuana daily does not make a woman an unfeared parent. Oh, he's a viciously different. Marrow, one of the viciously different. Theresa Scott is a single working mother of Peter Watt and provided loving care to her children. When she admitted she smoked marriage a weenie. The summer county children services board removed the children August 2001. The agency's decision was help out helping county juvenile court. The ninth Ohio district court of appeals over rule that decision on Monday by a two to one vote. While this court certainly does not condone a parent's use of an illegal substance or abusive a illegal substance, parents have a fundamental right to raise their children so that appeals judges don a car and William Batchelver. Without some evidence that Theresa's supervision of her children or her environment of her children has been affected in some negative way by our use of marijuana, there is no clear and convincing evidence that children should be removed. How do you like that, huh? It's enough to make me want to play to re-promadness bits all over again. You? You and all the school parents whoops about the country and you must have heard of it on this. And stand out this high fellow chastity of our youth. You can do it by bringing your back to power to education on the subject of our colleagues in general. The great marijuana in the future. Oh, the dreadment or water. How's the pull coming man? It's got 80 billion posts that I'm sure that didler is on there. Who played the didler on Batman? Which grunt caster has been most disappointing to you on a war in Iraq? Phil Henry 91, Phil's taken a weapon here. Their audience has really pissed off with him. 443 votes already. Mohour David at 76. He's taken a weapon just on general principles because they hate him like poison and they'd like to dance on his grave. The O'Rodger 65, to bed, Howard Stern 54, Peter R. Nett 47, Phanass Lomboff 32 and George Rodriguez 32. I knew the two you had a lot in common. Yeah, that death. Phil O'Rodger 21, big income. Randy Rhodes 11, Dr. Laura 8 and Mr. Ego is all the way up to six. Let's hear it for Steve O'Rour. Six big ones. Should mention this, that American missile identified from their brains of its serial number was pinpointed to the yesterday as the cause of the explosion at the Baghdad market last Friday night at the Kild at least 62 Iraqis. Remember that we're trying to say, oh no, was the surface to where a missile that they shot up? I was something they done. We didn't do it. We did. The codes on the footlong shrapnel shards, seen by the independent correspondent Robert Fisk at the scene of the bombing. And the Schwell register came from a weapon manufactured in Texas by Raytheon, the world's biggest producer of smart armaments. The identification of the missile as an American weapon is an embarrassing blow to Washington and London as they tried to match their promises of minimal civilian casualties with the reality of precision bombing. By the way, Friday night, and I noticed that we get very little of this information. Friday night in the ongoing bombing and Baghdad. Do you know how many people died? Although it wasn't in Baghdad, it was one of the other smaller cities. Exactly. That is correct. No, I'm sorry. I was 50. I'm sorry. Well, it's close. No. 50. And you just see it on a little crawl at the bottom of the screen. No discussion at this. I'm not talking about troops. I'm not talking about human shields. Just to civilian. Yes, but there are Iraqis. Just collateral damage. WQAM? Yes, from the home for neo. Speaking. I knew what was as you're great. I just moved down here from Washington, D.C. And I listened to you all the time. And I thought there was really fun. You just mentioned Russian and Ball. I've never had a Mr. Cramp, but I know it wouldn't sound right. That's him. Yes, I'll absolutely. Are we on the air? I hope not on the air. No. Oh, good. Listen, have a great day. And go back to Washington before it's too late. Oh, no. I'm stuck on the internet. Oh, damn. Okay. Good luck to you, Pellie. All right. I think that's a really truly truly enjoyed your show. Thanks. I'll be sure. I mentioned it on the air. Here's one. It's just from Alex. Hey, Neil, the baseball player was married to Lenn Austin. It was during Dalton. I just got you saying that. Thanks, Alex. He played first, based on him, or until he retired some years ago. He was only on the team for like about five minutes. P.S. Please play into those Mickey Mouse bits. They loved Mickey Mouse bits. I'll tell you that. Make no, and of course, so to we. Oh, it's there. Here's one. Stopping such a total chicken hockey of Moa Chance. The two of you would make a great couple. He's clearly a bottom. You seem to be a top. I think that's a total fit. Sorry for the sick joke. Please don't puke on the air. What do you think of Pujrad Riga? I think he has a Pujanist pants. He's got a Pujanist pants only. It's in the back. He's got a low. He's got the biggest ass. No, not a load like guilty. He got the biggest ass. So Johnny and Key West. He's got a Pujanist pants. You know, actually, he used to be a pretty good looking guy. Pujrad Riga's in a kind of a very strange way. I guess maybe he still is. I don't really care to be honest with it. Do I care about the marlins? No. I don't care about baseball for that matter. No, no, no. On the Giants, formerly the California Angels. What? Here's a good looking guy. Great all star first baseman, by the way. Golden glove first baseman, JT snow. Sensational. Can kind of old though. I must be, I don't know exactly how old he is. He's been scared of old. But third man. WQAM. QAM. QAM. Me, all. Me, all. It sounds like us. Honestly. Talk to another guy. No, it's favorite movies. Who? The lowest. The Dom. Favorite movie. Okay. Let me ask you something. Would I do the wrong spot if I handled last hour? What'd you do? Fast train. Yeah, that was wrong. What was the right spot? Wireless city. Oh, what? That's coming up next. I keep doing that because I'm trying to get ahead of myself. I keep turning the page before it's the time to do it. So you know what? Siddam's favorite movie. I don't know. And I don't care. I'm not interested. It's some horrible stupid joke. I don't really care. No, no. It's not a joke. I don't know what his point is. But you know, I just do it. And I'm glad I didn't listen to him because I heard that. Like I heard that on the same place that the this guy heard. John Pito. Yeah. Does he really? Yeah. Well, maybe we could hit him five times. Maybe we already did it. Yeah. I'm saying he's still alive. But we're not too sure we don't know. Didn't you're up here standing for that press conference by the way? He's got a couple of songs. He's gonna speed you. You're gonna look like played up. You got a little de-havet. Off made. Right? Once the world is ready. Oh, right. Lebanon on nine at five sixty wq a.m. Phil, have me 94 votes. Are you positive? I'm looking at it right now Mr. hot shot. Mr. Wright wing, Mr. You know something he looked really good with a little mustache. And since he has virtually no hair anyway, even less than I do. We could put that little Hitler signal on the side of his head. A little shoe polish, black him. I can see it now. I can just smell it now. Well, let me tell you something. My crock. Nick Frank. Ten minutes after 11 at five sixty wq a.m. We're building up to that big noon to one hour. And I'm really still, I don't know what. I'm between Iraq and a hard place. I would like to play a wrecking bullbank. Now do we have all those back here? Or did I just put them on the, I don't know. No, you know what I'm saying? Because I took copies of those all the way up to Toronto. I'm certainly not going to be slipping those back and forth. Right. Don't know. Have you ever thought of getting a wireless phone? Sure you have. You know how valuable it is to keep in touch with your business as associates during the day as well as been connected with your family at all times. Well, don't postpone it one more second. Get it done today. If you'll call wireless city, a team of a authorized dealer, calm tool free at one triple eight, two, two, one, eighty, eighty, and wireless city will deliver today to your home or business. Your brand new wireless phone ready for you. Wireless city a team of a authorized dealer cannot for your service plans. Perfect for you in what you need. Like their new 3999 plan with 600 whenever minutes and unlimited weekends. Call wireless city now. Toll free it's one triple eight, two, two, one, eighty, eighty. Call today and get you the new small size Nokia 3390 with vibrating Call of Burton hands free. Just call eight, eight, eight, two, two, one, eighty, eighty. Service agreement required. See printed materials. Or authorized representative at wireless city for limited and complete to deals wireless city a team mobile authorized dealer. We are sports radio five 60. You a yeah. I guess I should have known what to expect. Is it in my amy with the kind of service you've get in this town. I would act to be too far alone. If I needed a debt, I swallowing. Why can't you let me so jukula. Why can't you lose us get it right? You ask me. I love the blocks inside my mind. Can make my church go. If guitar is guitar, if guitar is guitar, if guitar is guitar. I'm 15 at five, six, you've got to be happy Wednesday. Here's a Rick from Tampa is becoming very chronic. There's the comedy ours okay to me. But I think that today should be dedicated to mobits. I think that an hour of that or even five minutes you're getting better ratings than the real Mosho. Maybe you should have his piece on the show as a guest. Can we get set down on the chair over there? I'm sorry Luis is sporting it. Oh yeah, that's a beauty. I see a couple of spares over on the side. Just in case. And here are pieces too. Sometimes they snatch them right off your hand. Let's go. We only got 45 minutes. We don't have time to screw around here. Let's get right down to the nitty gritty. Find out what the story is. By the way, do you see about Jessica? Jessica Simpson or Samson? One of your names. Once her record coming out. We have to send Jessica Simpson over to our rack. Yeah, to perform. You know entertain the groups. Sure. Get her away from Nick. Five six. Okay, let's thumbs up or thumbs down. How are we going to do this real quick? Okay. Here's the thing about getting rid of herald over. In that embarrassing that Fox News of all people. These super patriot right wing assholes that Fox News. They got a guy over there by the name of herald. Who is compromising the safety of our troops. How do you like that, huh? Yeah. And they had to be requested by the Pentagon to get his stupid ass. A grand standing ass out of there. Dan and mommy beat says. And article in the other view section. The help points out how the bushman has little capacity for intellectual curiosity. And is intimidated by complex issues. He wouldn't last 10. What do you say? WQAM. QAM. Not there. WQAM. Hello. Yes. I'm calling a speaker. Speaking. Speaking. Yeah. Why are you laughing? I'm doing screenless here. I'm picking up the calls called. Do I have a. Yeah. I'm interested in speaking in the old about. We're speaking in the old right now. Sir. I'm picking a call. Let me say to go. I'm doing a screenless. That means I picked the calls up called. I'm speaking in now. Okay. Okay. Okay. All right. I want to speak to you about. Uh, uh, Mo and hockey. Yeah. With your favorite subjects. Yeah. It's a listen to them all because I work afternoons and evenings. For what you're listening man. I know. Um, but um, I have listened to your bits on them all, which I think are historical. Yeah. And this morning, I had to get up early and get on the highway and I actually did have a chance to listen to him and uh, Steve Goldigolst. Steve Goldigolst. Steve Goldigolst. Right. And I am a big hockey fan. Yes. And uh, the elders are on my team. And last night was. What a great game man. Unbelievable game. Yeah. What probably. I wish I wish to have a lead to an escort at Lake Goldow. I wish to have a wrap it up last night. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. Um, the elders are still in decent shape, but they, they, they make me live on pepset. But, but anyway, the most important thing was, this was the biggest game between the I owners and Rangers in probably at least a decade. Right. Huge game. And everything that's great about hockey was in that game. Right. And I know. But I mean, if you were from the New York metropolitan area, and I only range a game, that big. Yes. I mean, if that does. Okay. Let's get to it. It's good to it. Moist. Moist talking to Goldie and the answer. Oh, yeah. What did you? Yeah. I heard that. I was coming to work. I heard that. I heard that. I heard that. I heard that. And he had nothing but the Roger Tory comments about that game. And why would he watch the team of overpaid athletes like the Rangers? See the fact is he hates hockey. He's already said that. He wouldn't watch 15 seconds of a hockey game. Why would he watch the Rangers and overpaid bunch of, yeah? I see. I watch the Rangers to watch them lose. You know, that's how you enjoy that. But for this to be called a sports talk show. Right. And to have this Moist run. Right. On the show. What is correct? Puring down a game that is the biggest game in the last decade in New York. Oh, oh. And he has watched the girls basketball. Yeah. He is a Moist run. He should be taken out and shot. He got a little bit carried away, I guess. And oh, oh, and. But it's a thought. 560, 0560, pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless line. I mean, he did it to me. So I guess I should let it go. But I'm just not that. I'm not going to. Yeah. WQAM. Yes. My suggestion for the 12 to 1. Yes. Brian London at the Wardest at 560 WQAM. Brian has one thing to say to you, sir. Where's lunch? That's all he has to say. I still think we ought to resurrect that. I'm not going to do it though. We're going to get the prizes for the acute couple. Well, what did we call it? Hot couple. Hot couple. Yeah. We can start a collection. When I come back from vegan. Yeah. I bet you want to start a collection. No, we got when you come back from Vegas vacation. He's going to Vegas and slept for like him. No. Hank, take any of them. No. Go ahead. Go into the hills. Where it'll be safe. So you're going to North Carolina? Yeah. All right. Here. That's what that stars are. Brakes coming up next. There's nobody up there to break it onto it. That's what you think. When you hear the first knees and woods, I'd run like hell. So when you come back, we're going to, Well, we're going to, did they email those? They mail them? They email them to the site. We did a contest and you'll ride your car. I don't know. I don't take emails. No, we made it as specific address. Okay. We put that back up again. We'll come up with some prizes. We got dinner to pay. I'd like to know at least once every couple of the year. We'll put together our package of stuff. How about one some month? Right. Once a month would be good. For the hot couple. I know. I've found the sponsor. Other than the winners that we had the other, which we got that nice faction that we have today. Other than that, we must have somebody human out there. Huh? If you search long and hard. I mean, you have to think about all those appearances that you do. Oh. Huh? Oh. I've got a lot of. A lot of really human looking. Yeah. Lovely. How about you QAM? QAM? QAM? Yes sir. Yes. Why are you such a liberal? Oh, God. WQAM. How about you, bit? Yes. Okay. Good. There you go. There's one. It's like 20 minutes to get them to respond. He likes it. Why are you such a liberal? Why are you such a fact? Why is it because I am? Okay. Because I feel like a schmuck. WQAM. QAM. Hello. QAM? Hello? Yes sir. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Speak to me sir. Yeah. Time is of the essence. You're a whole lot of people. What? What are you? Are you looking at middle of a chain solve? What are you going on there? What's going on there? Lumberbot. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Speak to me sir. Say something. Please. Good. Yeah. Oh. To late. Was that a lightsaber? WQAM. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Yes, ma'am. Yes. Yes, ma'am. Well. Could I say something? Go right ahead. You're on right now. This moment. This is your chance to shine or not. They want me to shine, huh? Or not. Is the case maybe whatever you choose or what's going on. Okay. What I'm calling about is a group called the defense group. A bushes little group of people that are supposed to be. By the way, we got Marine Doud's column on our website. Thank you very much. Whoever wasted my fast paper without again, too. I'm sorry, go ahead. Pardon? I said, no, what is it about pushes a little group? The defense group. And Mr. Pearl from a crossing. From global from crossing your heart. And hoping to die. Okay. Thank you. 567. 560. Call up Randy. Okay. I'm sure she'd be delighted to talk to you for hours an hour. Wow. You must talk to all the entices. Okay, ma'am. Good night here. 567. 560. Oh, oh, oh, and pound 560. Yeah. And that's so far. We got one vote on the number one. I could let that one guy decide. And I'm sure. We'll see. WQAM. Okay. Okay. So I just wanted you were talking earlier about on to rise. The fairly Joe Joe rose is on to rise is on the kilber. That's why I heard that was the fiery port we had. Pretty sand commentary. Well, I know, but you know, I had the misfortune going to that three dollar with fat. I happen to live nearby to that three bucks with the heck. Gilbert, like walks around while you're eating and just you. And what? And what does you? Yeah. And at our appearances too. We take it or quets for your comedy. Sure. Go ahead. He's, uh, he's having a wild problem. I think his phone got stuck in his back. 567. Oh, and a little communication problem here today boys and girls. Even when the communications business is John Ford would say, Packs and communications. Remember that? Yeah. Let's see. George is happy because her router wherever is Puerto Rican. You also do have to catch the three stooges. I forgot about that. He's a watchlery curly and mo. And Larry was supporting a sporting a little Hitler mustache. I like the noon to one bit. So I went once day and when suds is in also. And then it says, P.S. Mad dog, you big choke, choke. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. He is he admitted big, choke. Remember that song to beatle song, choke. Joe was a five six seven. Oh, five sixty. And next dolphin all the dolphins man, what you're pussy's. Okay, but you're pussy me. Yeah, and you got that billboard. It says we got balls and we don't have any. See, I would demand on taking it down for that reason because obviously the dolphins have no balls. Tom Brady, there's a guy with balls with big, gigantic, quay-boss, baby. Huge. What? Quay-boss, rancheros? Quay-boss, rancheros. Anybody ready for brunch? Beastess. WQAM. You're honest. Speaking. Yeah, as I just called you, I'm going through the washing from DC. They said you kind of like cut me off. Oh. WQAM. Comedy bitch. Yes? No? Okay, so this guy says, no. Okay, not a bad job on the no-to, too, too bad. I stepped on you, sorry. Here's one. Oh, this is good. How about this idea for a future pool? Thanks for the ideas and a pool because believe me, I have to rack my brain every day to come up with something new and innovative. I like doing good pool, man. That's what life is all about is doing good pool. We got a pretty good one today. Which broadcast has been most disappointing to you on a war in Iraq. Phil Henry 108. 108, Phil. You're getting buried. Are you sure? Mohour David 84. Neil Rogers 71. Howard sperm 62. Peter R. Net 52. Rush Limbaugh 37. George Rodriguez only 34 year fall in pain. Ah, damn it. See, there was like a big splurter in the beginning. Bill O'Reilly 24. Randy Rhodes 11. Wow, what? Dr. Laura's got nine and last place as usual is Mr. Ego, Steve Keynes got eight. Eight. Here's the idea for the pool somebody says with a threat of a terrorist attack at a high level in the US, where's the most dangerous place in South Florida? Home, ballpark, office, cinema, hospital airport, mall cruise ship, public parking lot. It says, P.S. my voice for public parking lot just above you killed every time I go. New New Juan. Book of Brian Duingmo. It says, and also when the bottom it says good. Could be the Mo show. But it won't be. You,吗? No, and then then what happens with that is you bury all the better. So just start that many of them, you know? You're buried all the way. Oh, I will then stand for the couple of days on the green. Twenty. You don't do you. I'll do. I'll make a pact. Oh, he is just. There are no words to describe that creature. There's no words to describe what it is. What it is, what it is, man. Wow. Just a bundle of ego, just impossible. Just cannot interrelate with another human being, huh? Impossible. 27 past 11 at 560 WQM, and of course, if you got a hair problem too, maybe that's the problem, you know it? Maybe that means that it's got a complex about those damn animals on his head. I guess everybody would probably eventually. Especially when even they won't talk to you. Charles Alfieri is the hair man, maybe over 25 years and go on strong because he's been always having latest technology available like his new natural hairline system that makes it look like he got a real hair on your head instead of like some poor devil and a muil. Instead of like an animal farm on your forehead. Charlie's got that natural looking hair that looks like it's going out of your scalp. That's the key. And whether you're a billionaire or in between or even a slipper, you want to go to Charlie because even the rich guys go there, they know that for no price in a world can they get a better and more natural looking hair system. And you mention he arranges and you get 200 bucks extra knocked off the regular price at Charles Alfieri. You got nothing lose with the ugly shiny ballspot because everybody gets Charlie's 30 day guarantee. If you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells in the hair too. And if you're not getting late at least two, three, four, five, six time. In fact, you know something? Last person I talked to went to Charles Alfieri told me he was getting late. But third man. Time today. Call his toll free number 1-800-321-2413. Be sure and tell them that old Neil told you to call 1-800-321-2413 or check them out on that wicked worldwide way to get your hair back. Charles Alfieri.com. Oh, God! Oh, God! Oh, God! This is the sports wedding of Icy. You way, yeah. But the Lord even loves Neil Rogers. How come we never bid invited to Shua's Day, Kousha? I had the night. I had the day when someone done a strong. We didn't take their crap. In Pearl Harbor, or when the jabs drop their bonds, we bummed them bad. And now the shoddy is, they hit us hard. And on our cards, our little flags wave. As that shoddy loving, retired voice of bombers, the wrong way. And other barriers to be in America, where they find the rules like cheese. We united states of arrogance, led by Bush and his family, breathing at this country. What the f*** up? Ambulance, joyful darkest days, and I disagree. I don't want to be a packs of Americans. In the goddamn USA. What's a few thousand innocent lives stop living in the mess? If you want that SUV to drive, you're gonna need more gas. If it's the greatest country in the world, they train us too, really. And anyone who says that obviously, can't afford to be. And not embarrassed to be in America, where we take three of it, please. Wave a flag and win half, with our hand in the sand, and lightly follow the powers that we have a set to p*** up. Watching state produce on a 65 inch screen, stretch your balls and five, everything's okay. In the goddamn USA, don't let America. 534 or 26 till noon at 5.60, we got a real dilemma going on here. You don't want to just don't know what this screamer, peel a banana. We got two votes though. One of them says, and the other one said, no, so we're like stuck. It's like a part of we can stand on. WQAM? Yes, sir. See how you doing? Okay. You're a dick. Yeah, great. WQAM? Yes, sir. Does that mean I can break the tide? For the moment, yes. A lot of pressure I know. No, go to calls. No, but. Okay, this here's a call. It says no. Okay, thank you. Yes. I don't know if you put around on the cable channel on the war coverage. Talk about hypocrites. Fox news, every five minutes, so mention how MSNBC and Peter Reneck kicked up the air. Yeah. If you had to mention about their own man, her all done. How do you like that? Their own man that was given away military secrets and given away the coordinates where the military, uh, war will be, et cetera. Now one breath of time. I'm going to remind you that there were troops over there. Yep. I said, let's make her all to a human sacrifice over there. What do you say about that? I would be the first one to question. Let's swap his ass for all the prisoners of war, but it'll let's swap a raldo. I even up. He kind of looked like my react anyhow. We'll set him in undercover. There you go. Okay. Thanks. All right. Thanks. Shmata ahead. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T of horizon, wireless line. Yeah. Maybe her all go can make them famous now. You know, right? He's got a Bella Figura. So we got two votes. No, on the, uh, new to one comedy with siren one vote. There's pretty weak. Come in to QAM. No. Yeah. Geez. Here's a man sounded like he was in pain, didn't he? Little bit. In fact, it kind of like, no. Like that. We're more like, no. There you go. Wild man. WVDQAM? Hi, I would say no, Neil. I like to hear you better. Well, I don't sound so apologetic there. I mean, you get a stick up like he didn't yell it out. Also, Neil, remember Dave Megidan? Wasn't he Q? No, he was growtask. Oh, but he was such a nice guy. Very nice guy, but ugly. Like me, you know. How about Brett, Brett Barbery? Brett Barberick. Yeah, except when he had the big watered tobacco in it. Yeah, when he had the big watered, just didn't do it. Yeah. Have a great day, sweetheart. Thanks. Yeah, tomorrow in Saragri, let's face it. They were right. They're in Dalton. Was a very good looking guy, especially when he played for the fillies. But he came here and got like a little ugly. But he was murdered at real hot. And they got like kind of like a messy divorce. Remember that Tracy Austin is not her name? Who? Was not her name? He doesn't know. It was married to a different Dalton. Well, whatever, what happens is my patty, do costin. I don't know. So you don't just have your, just so far out of here, you're on a different planet. You're able to have North Carolina mentality. Baseball stuff, I don't know. Baseball stuff. I know what I'm talking about. Baseball. We're talking about a hot babe. Okay, you should know something about that. Just the fact that she was married to a baseball player. I don't pay him. Do you do, kids? Now, is there a husband and woman that's silly mustache? Used to be. WDQAM? Hello? Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. Good. First of all, my opinion about you is you are big overrated. Good, good. And we're real. I'm not asking about your opinion. Okay, asshole. I'm a big overrated fan. Well, that's a good question. Good question. How many can you weigh in? I'm going to talk to you. Speaking. The deal already this morning. Okay. Hey, um, yes on the vest, I like the vest. That, uh, one song I don't like that song. What's that? Um, not about the beat American. In bearers to be American? Yeah, yeah. You don't like it? No, I don't. Well, we like it. Okay, well, you know, it's your show I like you showing. And we're embarrassed to be Americans during what's going on right now. Okay. Well, the other Americans in France, right? A bigger person? Better than American, better Americans in America. Well, that's pretty, pretty sad that we have to, you know, make that comparison. If that's the best we can do, we got real problems, man. Oh, well. Have a great day, pal. You can deal with your show. Come on, let's hear it. God bless this country. Come on, let's hear it. You want to sing? Come on, let's go. Let's play the national anthem. That's something that's on. All of that stuff. Yes, we will pledge allegiance. Is that in here, by the way, that pledge allegiance? What's that under? What pledge allegiance? I pledge allegiance in that atheist one. Oh, there's a two or three. Comey, pink, oh, well, what's it called? Give me a clue. Okay. I'll turn it over. Religion, alternative lifestyle, alternative voice gods. We don't have it in there. It's not in there. I don't know what it's called. Well, just sing it. Five, six, seven. Yeah, kind of like Condoleeza without the awards. We'll just sing it. That's a good idea. See if I can find it. One moment please. Okay, well, work on this. Why, I hope this is the right one. 21 till noon at five. 60 WQAM that noon to one hour so far we got two votes say comedy bits and four say, Oh, God damn, you know. It was such a nice break. You know what I mean? We enjoyed it. We had a good time sat here just. Of course we're not having any food in here anymore. Kill the moral. No, we're not having no food in here. Don't be start with that crap. Don't be a weak sister. Okay, don't start keeping me. Nothing. Won't be me. Even all of these offers. We've had more offers of food in here last two days. The poor Iraqis over there. We would be desperate. I pledge allegiance to the big symbol of the United States of America. And to the Republic for which it stands. One nation under a nine specific rule. He's just crying. He's crying. He's represented. Yeah. Divisible or indivisible. It's ordered out liberty and judge as a girl. It's not. It's one. It's not in there. Okay. Just checking. Twenty-two noon is five sixty. WQM. I think you're a fat overrated piece of 30. And then I'll go find something to do. I'll go play with yourself. Smuck. If you can find anything. Any equipment. Hey, Brandy chooses celebrating their twenty-fifty year in business. And in any independent family shooter that sticks around. In fact, any retail outlets stays around at a nistan at law. He's got to be doing something right. Like at Brandy's offering you a fantastic selection of men's and women's famous brand. Shoes like rock ports, echoes, mafistos, Timberland, Clark's essayist, floor shine and lots more. And as far as sizes are concerned, even if you got teeny tiny feet, they got men's sizes six to fifteen. Even if you got big fat ones like Timberland or women's five to twelve, and wits from Peri narrowed to the very wide. Which area was it on smallville last night? I forgot. Oh. And don't forget to professional sales David Brandy's know how to give you a perfect fit every time with great service. And with over forty thousand parents stuck in their eight thousand square foot mega store, you can be damn sure you can bite George and Carlos's life. Now whatever you're looking for, they got it in your size and the shape and width and whatever. Brandy is a great place to slump your feet for shoes and don't forget it's a great time to buy rock ports again this week at Brandy's. All this week, take twenty percent off all men's and women's rock ports in stock. Be sure to visit Brandy's on a web to at Brandy's Shoes.com. You'll find Brandy's at twelve ninety northeer of Ohio and Papua Bichop and daily nine till nine, sundays ten till five. My and local year sports video five sixty two a you a yet the bus mallet. There may be one hundred one channels on your cable network lineup but no matter where you turn you can avoid those tampon or yeast infection commercials. The lifetime channel wasn't enough. Now we have to put up with a wean network and oxygen while here's a channel just for men. Methane. Methane is the only channel specially designed for men this week on methane the world flat you'll In championships from Pladala, Haram, Mexico. Greg from Trenton, New Jersey is just finished thirteen bean burritos and. No more that will put him back in Italy. You should receive excellent scores of that attempt and how about the wide wide world of beer. Now that's beer and every Thursday two in his methane for its informative series how to understand chips. I don't want to solve your problem. I'm just here to listen or the most wonderful man. Thanks, methane. So if you want to get away from all that women TV stuff call your cable provider ask for methane. Methane. It's a win. 60,000, that's five, 60, WKOM. Sensitive to the controversial war against Iraq movie studio executive said yesterday. They've changed an ad for a teen comedy that features a 16 year old star flashing a peace sign. This is so sad it makes you want to sit down and just cry and or puke your guts up and fill your bed twice. What a girl wants which they've used in theaters this Friday with emerging star Amanda Bines. Has nothing to do with courty US military campaign, but that executives at Warner Brothers decided to remove Bines V-shaped peace sign on newspaper ads. And instead of having her placing her hand on her hip. I'm hip. When the middle of a war we wanted to be sensitive to that we decided to change it to avoid any perception that we were making a political statement. We didn't want to burden the movie with that a Warner Brothers spokesman woman said no complaints about the original ad which remain on the billboards have been received. No complaints but there's still. Wishing out. What a girl wants is a romantic comedy aimed at young girls about an average teen age who travels to London to find her long lost father. Warner Brothers is owned by media company AOL time Warner. Who stock is about? I don't know. I guess down about few cents now. About 30 men. Yeah, something like that. Two votes yes, four votes no and of course we should have had like 500 votes on this already but that would have been too scientific. We need some more support on this. Although in a little bit Mike Oxlong, a fact didn't said he wants to do the comedy but it's not 3 to 4. WKOM. Hi. Hi. That's Neil. Yeah, it sounds like it to me. Oh, I'm few sound different. Oh, you know, I had to run. I had to run. I had to run that walk to the phone. Okay. Um, censorship. We can't even have a peace sign now. No. We're not supposed to be for peace. No. Let me ask you something else. See, first of all, that peace sign that's a throw back to the 70s and the 60s and the hippies and drugs and anti war and counter culture and things like that. All these bad things. If today realized that when the T.O.W. families or the troops that were killed, some of them actually were anti-war them. Right. And they said it. So they're allowed to say it. Um, when I first heard your kind of leader. Not anymore. When I first heard your kind of lease a bit, the one with the dog tape over or mouth, I almost fell off my chair but I didn't realize that you couldn't play the real one again. Right. I'm really upset about that because there's too much censorship in this country now. And anybody who buys from Barnes and Noble, I mean, books now. Now we have to ban books. Yeah. I mean, it's crazy. I'm just gonna stick Michael Moore's bookway in a back somewhere because of what he said on the Oscars. Have you ever heard anything so outrageous in your line? But this, well, you know, I argue just my sister about that the other night. She said it's not the time and place that they asked me. Why not? It's one for a guy. It's been going on for as long as they've had Oscars. It's been going on. Somebody, whether it was Marlon Brand or Dr. T. Scott, somebody is always, in fact, even a people from the Oscars. They said they've got 45 seconds to say their thing and it's a free country and they should be allowed to say. All the winners were allowed to speak. Right. That's why Susan Serrandon was laughing. But I want to say something about, I know you don't like your own brown, but, Oh, no. Wait, last week. We'll be noticing how to change into color of his piece. He's never read here, Pete. I know he had a piece. Oh, my God. You can't say that. I know. He used to be a red must read. Now it's a black beaver or something. I keep looking for the theme. Oh, please. There's some seam. It just flopped on his head. Last week he had a woman on the head. He said, whiny and wimpy and brown. Oh, God. Okay. You notice they cut back his airtime. They even put Paula on her in the evening to show up or that Connie Chink used to be. They put Paula on there. Uh-huh. She's not doing such a bad job. Paula? When I listened to you, I was like, she was a bimbo, but she is a bimbo. She's a lot like me. I like Bill Hammer myself. Bill Humphrey. I was pretty confusing. I know. I got news for her. I saw him one day. I don't think it was during this war, but it was during some, maybe it was after 9.11. And he hadn't had the makeup on yet. He's a, trust me. He needs the makeup. I know he's a real good looking guy with a makeup on. Without the makeup, he looks like Liz Taylor. Well, yeah. We are. But let me tell her there. I'm from said. He had a woman on who was a radio talk show host from Boston. And she said that she was a liberal. Yeah. And he said, what? He said, I didn't think there were any of those left. And he said, I'll have to commend my booker. So he was actually, you know, saying he did admit there's, that you can't find any liberal talk show host. Of course not. And I'm telling you something. I don't, I don't, about censorship. I'm surprised that David, he can't leave. They'll probably take the practice off the air because did you, well, you don't want to. I don't want you to know. Okay. The show on Monday was about a death penalty case. And you know, Massachusetts does not have a death penalty. Right. So they mentioned that Ashcroft made it a federal case. So they could execute the kid. And they even showed Ashcroft on TV making a speech about how they were taking. And the lawyers that did the closing arguments or whatever you call it in the case. Mentioned that under Ashcroft, we have made, you know, so many cases. You know, the federal has taken them over so that they can take it. Because you want to supply a local people. So they can execute people in states that do not have the death penalty. Right. And he's already done it more than the whole entire eight years of Clinton. You know what Ashcroft said this morning on the day today, you know? He's covering up another bus. Do you, everybody, send you my friends from my name. It's a rice master. Have a great day, sweetheart. You too. Bye-bye. That's what he said. Oh no. Here's the fact is, and also no to the bits. I guess we're not doing a comedy, but it's anymore. Oh well. Well, I was all geared up for that today. We're doing extra hour or a whole four hours. How come that all far? Who's a lot older than me? I guess that must be the reason. Only does three hours a day more. That's all we can handle. And he's got a, not just like a producer, like a puts like you, but he's got a side kick in there. Yeah. Y'all, the. Two producers. And Robert. And that three. Well, side kick and two producers. And apart, and he got the how he's with that food, right? And ding-dong school. Yeah. And Clarence, he'll take care of the thing. And does it. I'll take care of the school. Anyway, during Dalton divorced Lynn Austin, the original hudder girl. Do you remember Lynn Austin? No. Hot. Hot, hot, hot. Red Barberry was married to Jillian Barberry. Fox sports. I have no idea who that is. And I remember. Oh, she's got, she's on some other show. Who's she's the most Jillian Barberry? Oh. She's on some other show. Who's she's the most Jillian Barberry? Oh. Ever. It's just I agree with the caller earlier about moving off the morning. His hockey overpaid player comment. I felt players in a first of all. What? What? What? What? What? What? Why? Why? Continue pretending. He knows something about it. But again, because he can't lay it out there and line for real. And say, he doesn't care about hockey. So he wouldn't watch it. No, I just don't want to watch a hockey. Oh, there were a lot of other games on last night. Leaves jersey game was a great game. He don't care about that. No, he's busy watching girls basketball or some crap like that. Why don't you just admit it? You wouldn't know a real sport if they stuck up your ass mode. That's the problem, okay? You wouldn't know a hockey puck if they stuck at any adventures. I'd like to see that. Anyway, the fact is one thing I really liked about the first game was in the morning. But discuss a game that either went to or watched on TV the night before. You can tell that moan never goes. He just reads the paper in a box scores. He probably has to go to bed by seven to drag his old bones in by six of the morning. And also it says, no, to the bits. Oh, the bits are getting buried. But this one says. Last Wednesday you skipped the noon to one all bits in my entire day went on the crap off that point on. Please save my day bits and mo bits. Love Johnny. PS loss. Oh, Mickey. What are you talking about? Last Wednesday was I wasn't that day I was out. Yeah, I heard. I played hits. It says you skipped the noon to one. Oh, that's how I did that. That's a George was on. I heard you were on the job. I heard you were on the job. I heard you were on the job. WCOM. Yes, yeah, I got three things. Okay. Get to the bed. Uh, can you play that kid rock one? What's that one? That you do when they can do space. It's a hurtier the day. And I have to be drunk to go to the Marlin games too. Good point. Okay. Thank you. Excellent. Good material. The kid rock one. It's one of these. He says he has to be drunk to go to the Marlin games too. That's a reference to that slut screw in who embraces and humiliates and degrades this. establishment. The people at Beesley Broadcasting. I hope over in Naples you're listening and understand that your sales manager is over here. It's conducting yourself like a slut. That's sporting events. If you want to conduct yourself like a slut out of the street corner and put her thumb out. We have no problem with that. Okay. Because even the Beatles said act naturally. But as far as go to a ball game in a QM boss loaded with sponsors and holly toady important people. Maybe David is Samson and Goliath and the Delilah step in by and Jeffrey, I used to own Luria's whatever his name is. Going in there and taking a look and here's this broad just spares in around rock out of her eye. Cron out of floor hopping out of everybody's bones. And this is our sales manager is here at QM. This is at a disgrace. I think that somebody ought to be held accountable for that. You know what I'm saying? I can't imagine who it might be but it just might be. Great. Yeah. Of course she's probably got the old pictures too from the old days. When she was the objective of his directions. Before she got old and sloppy. Let's see. How's that pull coming? We asked on theorajus.com today. Which broad, oh, which broadcaster has been most disappointing. I'm thinking about square. Okay. If ever the word broad was appropriate, she's it. She is a nasty old broad. That's square. Wow. You can smell that all over the building. Which broadcaster has been most disappointing in his anorajus. Fill Henry 126. Take it a weapon man. Okay. Okay. Okay. And deservedly so from the spy reports even little Binabore was given me about how him burst and humiliated and degraded he is. Here in this craft is right winged. The one that's coming from the one's avon guard cutting edge. Tell with everybody else to help with the establishment. Phil Henry you sold out. You sold out Phil. You sold out. Didn't you? Are you? More Howard David at 95. Neil Rogers 79 14% I'll take that. Howard Stern 71. Peter R. net 57. Rush Limbaugh 40 and George Rodriguez 37. You got a way to go to catch his. Oh man. You got a way to go to a. Bill O'Reilly 26 Randy Rhodes 12 and tied for last. Each would. Yeah. Dr. Laura and Steve Mr. Eagle can. What a match made in the head. Purgatory that is those two. What a match. Ever seen together? No. Same person. 5. 6. Come on. Let's do it some real quick. Once yes or no on a comedy but say no no one hour. Create it's very tight. Yes for no five. Although I think I've phonyed that little bit. W to Q a m. My father. W to Q a m. Yeah. Yes sir. Oh there. Let guy say yeah. He said yes. Didn't he? I heard it. Okay. He said yeah. W to Q a m. Yeah. This is a substance. Bit and more bits. Don't do it. Okay. Okay. Okay. W to Q a m. How you doing? Okay. I got a spary for a 40 minute. Yeah. I think George probably chased his ass out of there. Okay. We'll get him to come cast. I got him at home. We'll take care of him. Yes. Yes. Yes. I'm the boy again. Okay. Thanks. That takes care of her right there. 7 to 5. What about her? See I told you if you're persevere. Maybe. One thing I got to say. I hate this place. Oh man. Three minutes. Three minutes. Two minutes. Two minutes. Man. Three minutes till noon at 5. 60. W to Q a m. Well, we may be next week. Well, we'll do a more. We'll do a pull on it once. Sure. Which would be more scientific than just another one got it to. Yes. He was going to say something else. I apologize. Because he obviously had some of the same. But once he said yes. Neil, I thought he was responding to our pull. Then she will take it. Then she will. Yes. See another one. Three minutes till noon at Q a m. Hey, I'll tell you if your old bed is nasty and worn out. And you're not going to good night. And sleep. There's a smart way to buy you new mattress. There are plenty of dumb ways to do it. One of those being to hop into car and waste out your gas and time and energy going to bedding and apartment stores and getting ripped off. The smart way. There's only one way to do it. Make one easy call. Sit right on your arse right now. 1 800 mattress. 1 800 m a T T R s and no guarantee a great night sleep for months and years to come. I'm one of the top brand mattresses in the universe. You pick out whichever one you like the best in the size and style you're looking for. They got cealy, surdu, Simmons King Coral, all the top brands in the world. The bottom mattress ranked number one customer satisfaction. First of all, as far as deliveries concern unbeatable, they show up with an A2R window that you want when it's convenient for you when you're going to be home. In fact, dollar mattress has more repeat and referral customers than anybody because they know how to treat your right. Once you buy your mattress and dollar my first, you'll never ever go back to the old way of buying a mattress again. I guarantee it. And don't forget when you do buy your mattress and dollar my first. They set up the brand new one and take away the crappy smelly nasty old bedding for free. They might wear gloves, but they'll take away the crappy smelly old bedding and set up your brand new one for free, north to charge. So make the call right now. You'll have that mattress installed in your home, no time at all. And you'll be guaranteed a great night sleep for you know something I'm still going to make a good on my dollar my first extra good you want to know why. Why not let no dog out for time. Oh, and I know that sounds insensitive and tiny rest in pieces, but I mean, you know, it's great. Call 1-800-MACFUS 1-800-MATT-RES for dollar my first. The easiest as smart as possible way to get you a new great brand name bed. And I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap night from jewels. And listening to the new roke, I'm gonna use the outer. Oh, this is crazy. It's fun like in that movie. You're not pretty enough to be a leading lady. It's the part I was born to play baby. In 1996, she hosted the Oscars as well as a birthday bash for President Clinton. And movie? It's like a long bad movie, but you want to see the end of the movie. Boobs, sounds he? They show my gis it just f***ing booze. Oh no, in the theater of the year you. I'm a star baby. I'm a huge freaking star baby. She show me the boobies and I like this too. Wow, a free movie takes. You pulled around and liked the movie. And the only one that's going, now more blood will be spilled. To get that oil flowing, forget about Korean. The notes they're told to never were right. We just really get over and over into our head. That a rag has some. F***ing some past a scruncheon. I've learned 3,000 people killed. I'm now forgotten. Let's exploit them instead. Hey, there's oil to be caught. It's going after sit down to play Keto's summer. There's no longer mention of the name in law. But no it seems concerned all. A fee and complacent believe in every word of this cartel It's been a situation that controls us by fear. Through me the amraniculation and the right. Queen is drilling it over and over and over to our heads. That a rag has some. Wepins of past a scruncheon. I've learned. The last of civil rights is the price that we're paying. We're all suspects now not the ash drop this day. I have nothing to hide. Table partners all are saying. I know Bitty and cattle don't have any reserve agent. Bought on provoked battle ends. World and violation. Old regime must fall. And have a virgin and stoke with no objection at all. Till the crackstone of the fall and the right. Queen is drilling it over and over and over and over and over to our parade. Watch men. I rag has some. Wepins of past a scruncheon. Only I drag has some. Wepins of past a scruncheon. I'm getting out. Make a mouse of it. Mr. Mouse. No. It's my collizer. Michaelizer. What are you saying? I can go and print my phone. Sorry, both. You've done the assignment. Bawning a husband. What do you want? It's it's Michaelizer sir. It's not Johnny. I'm a little bit Michaelizer. The Dutch president. All boy. I'm a good morning sir. I know the son with you pal. Sir. I was looking at the weddings for this nightmare. You had it going through. I'm a full break at me. I'm here. What a smashing successor. It was a thing was in the toilet. It was unbelievable. It's to break down the demigrant. I know what I'd say that I'm just happy. It's over. Sir, I believe the second go around will be much better. The second go round. You must be on crack. We're not doing that thing again. Why do you want to bring that back? Because the first time around. You barely missed toppling the entire network. Well, sir, it's already done. Well, you mean it's already done. Nobody ever told me it was already done. Hang on. Wait up. I'm on the phone with three months. What the hell are you doing? I'm going to do it, ma. You're going quietly remosting. That's not quiet enough. We must... A blue bird stinks like a lion pet. Sir, our base weeps will be amazing. I'm a celebrity. Get me out of here too. Instead of 15 nights, 40, straight nights. It's already night. So, I'm a celebrity. Get me out of here. You're killing me. And the celebrities 10 times better. Oh, my God. We've got... Hello. We must... We must... Just... Take the harmonica. Slide it up your back and walk it out. Right. All right. We've got Bernie Capelle. Who? Bernie Capelle. The doctor from the lab boat. Oh, for heaven's sake. He hasn't worked since he did the stop snoring spray commercial. We've got a real hotty, Adrian Barbot. Oh, my God. She's terrible. And so, when I know you love Billy Bush. Oh, wait a minute. Is that the president's annoying nephew? That's the one. Oh, for heaven's sake. You can't put him on there. And... Hold on. Greenland. Greenland? He's here. He's gone the ship. He's gone the ship. He's gone on the phone. He's here, you both. Stop doing. What are you making? Making an ukidens above. What's wrong with my old credenza? You should like him, shot. My shellac am sharp. The red shellac is hot. Oh, you're... Oh, fuck. Fuck. Oh, hey, don't care who you have on the black man. Oh, yeah. We have to make your ailerist, sir. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. And let her neem away. Even remas doesn't remember the one who'd be me, boy. You're a new boat. Remas, I wasn't addressing you. Sorry, boss. He was from fondom, but... Oh, my God. I'm surrounded by idiots. Hey, hey, Remas! I thought I told you to put that harmonica on your butt. Sorry, I bought it. Oh, oh, fire in the office, Remas. What the fuck? The poor boy's coming at me. Get the thing. I hate this place. Nothing works here. The medicine's on work. I've been here for seven years. Nothing works here. I hate this place. Nothing works here. The medications on work. I've been here for seven years. I hate this place. Nothing works here. Special request for that for... And it's an entire day, I like it. And I'm at its past noon at five, 60. So I wear pre for the innuendo one comedy but so much. They will do a pull on it. Like maybe tomorrow. Huh? First day after the hero today, and then they can like evaluate and exaggerate. And... Whatever. By two parades. Hey, if you've been thinking about buying a new barbecue or any barbecue accessories, you've got to go to barbecue's galore. Let me remind you to get a head start on the barbecue in season with the perfect grill accessories, and you'll find them all at the guaranteed lowest prices. And barbecue's galore. They're curing barbecue's in every price range. From the top of the line, commercial grade stainless steel grill to the more portable Weber charcoal grill. For all your barbecue needs at the Guadantide lowest prices, don't forget. Shop barbecue's galore in plantation and university, driving a fountain shopping center. Call 9504-423-1400 for that location. 423-1400. And cross-brays you'll find them at 7485 West Sample Road on the corner of Sample and Rock Island roads. Call 9504-757668. 9504-757668. Barbecue's galore who be the barbecue specialist. And lowball. This is 420560. You can weigh it. How's it out? Now music life is in a slow hell. Went from rock to country, can't you tell? I've seen my new agent in three damn days. Huh? Been feeling up on cocaine and whiskey. Cause I've lowered myself to this to blame me. Lord of this last another year I'll be amazed. I'm trying to stay away. Since there were any I have paid. I just can't look at you while I'm trying to sing this song. I hate to be out of place. But I can't stay on your face. I just can't look at you while I'm trying to sing this song. Can I have to level with you as well? Looking at you, let me sing it back here. What have you been snorting, Lord, driving just just being lied? If you think I've been waiting a long time, just saying a song with you better think twice. Smells like you've had a shower in three damn nights. Can I put this thing in a way? Only one is to get paid. I just can't look at you, can't you really? Close me out. But I'm married to a nice piece of a. When she married you was she awake. They she don't look like two peas on a breadhead board like you. Can I don't care what you say? Here's my little finger of the head. Stick it better than why don't you rotate. I hope you hold me someday. I hope you die today. Yeah. I just wanted to say I want another agent. Call me on the phone. Alright. Where the hell? Look at cheese that won't stay on. Here's the mouth. She can't find my turn, guys on. But there's a place where all our guys can't have a heart. I can't hide it. I can make us grow. I can make us grow. We're about to die. Close them such a beauty. It's one of those things I've worked for. Be it such a beggar. Most people are unaware that they have seven to ten pounds of control. They have two kinds of things. This is a very common thing. You can't have a heart. It's one of those things I've worked for. Most people are unaware that they have seven to ten pounds of control. And they have seven pounds of compressed human waste packed in their mouths. You, at VCs hard packed in your bowels right now. Pounds and pounds of greasy filthy dunk tightly packs snugly inside your body. Your intestines are lined with grease, mucus, undi-justed beef fat, hair, oil, and a cheesy substance known as skin fraught. Until now there was nothing that could be done. Introducing Be Clean, an all-natural supplement that will within three days, have you Deficating your stale, sour, musty tar-like ropes of manure, making you feel lighter and healthier than you have in years. Call this toll-free number now for a free video and see for yourself an actual patient. Let loose his slippery repugnant wall of bowels sludge from the comfort of your own home. Call today. Where are you? A rarity, not the airways, horny bitchy one. Fennel seeds will have to do. You ain't get none. We all, tears, gives you. You lie and you scheme. Randy, dream on, Randy. You'll never have me. Sorry, steamboat, Randy. Little bitch with dreams. Go in down life, stinking highway is bestowed. Longly clown. Everyone knows the only one who's he goes in the clouds. Mell, blood shot and wasted talking trash with us the mile. You had some of your ass, and they've been out in a while. We're back, we're back, we're back, we're back, we're back. It is better, in a while. Welcome back to the glittering pageantry of the Mohawan and David Oshall. We have a full duck at today. The include McGoville game of our particular athlete of yours. You don't have a title-smoker still at it. What? Singin' the songs, make it fun of me. They make fun of me all the time, I don't know. Why they don't adore me? Yeah, they're everything of your right, Mo. It's a hint of me, a fairy. You queer, yet tomb chumper, real men don't touch. Only during the game. Yes, master. They want singin' you. I'll give them singing, get on a piano. Oh, man, hey. Okay, Mo. Now hit it. Back in my name, men was strained. Did it? The end day is here today. That's why I can't tolerate it. This goes with days. Spoiled all were in date back there. Stop it, stop it, Mo. What's an animal? My wing fell off again. Okay. All right, where were we? Born holes were in date back there. Oh, I'll take it from here. The guys that like the worship men. Good thing we won't sing you all in your way, live in that of my game. Didn't mean to suit, brush-date, did it? Or did it go hairy, taint? Jesus Christ, I really hate. Jesus Christ, when God is. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Much better. You must have been a spank for me. You're a spanker. You're a spanker. You're a spanker. You're a spanker. You're a spanker. You're a spanker. Very good. You make a genuine. Oh, man. Oh, man. That's not true. Oh, man. All right. Let's play who wants to be a millionaire. Pop daddy. Sitting in the chair. I'll call you, Puffy. Yo, yo, man. Yo, yo. Are you ready? Yeah. Here's your $100 question. Finish this nursery rhyme. All right. Pickery, decorate. Blank. Is it a duck, B, P, C, Marina, or D, inlet? Oh, man. Is it 100 out of question, man? You're kidding me, right? Is it 100 out of? For $100. This ain't the milling out of question. This is the first one. It's only $400. Is this a black thing? Would you like to use a lifeline? Yeah, all right. What do I got? What do I got? Well, we have the ass, the audience, the 50, 50, and the phone of friend. S, the audience. Now, it's only white people in here. 50, 50, and going to help me. Oh, you don't want me to phone a friend. Gonna phone a friend on the $100 question finishing the nursery rhyme. Yeah. All right. Who are we going to call, Puffy? Oh, my boy. Oh, dirty bastard. Old dirty bastard. Yeah, dirty with calm. Our friends from AT&T will get old dirty on the line, and hopefully he can help you. Oh, dirty. Yeah, man. Registrilevin from who wants to be a millionaire. How are you? I got your friend here, Puffy, Daddy. Go dirty, was that? What the? What the? What the? What the? What the? All right. All right. Uh, oh, what the? Old dirty? Uh, Puffy, Daddy's in a little bit. A trouble here on the $100 question. He's the first time man. First question. And the next voice you hear will be his. He'll come on the line. He'll ask you the question. He'll give you four possible choices. Are you set? Amen. Next voice you hear will be his. And 30 seconds begins now. Why is that? No. You dirty fish is off for me. All right, man. Pickering, Dickery. Blank. Is it? A, Doc. B, P, R. C, Marino. Or D. In it. Oh, come on man. I don't got much time. I know this man. I know it. I see it. P, you sure? I'm about 30, man. There's a lot of money, man. About 30. All right, man. Thank you very much. I, man. Time's up for old dirty. Said P, yeah. You still have two lifelines left. We are on the $100 question. You know what? Read this. No, I like to add a lifeline. Actually, no, there's only three lifelines. You've used one, you have two left. No, no, no. I get another lifeline. It's a brand new one to the game. And what is that, Puffy? It's called Shoot the Host. Puffy, you can ask the audience. I call it Shoot the Host. Puffy, use the 50-50. Watch the answer. Puffy, it's dark. It's a A. It's dark. It's dark. And it's a good one. You got to have me know it. Run you run you run you run. Run, shoot it. Run, shoot it. 20-7 after 0-5-60 WCM. Now, how are we going to do that? Hot couples contest. You're going to put the thing back up on there. Or people can email it too. Right. And we'll get together with Miguel and Doreen McQueen. And put together some like a package. You know? We'll have Miguel put together a package. Right. Yeah. Miguel's got a package. And if you're the weiner, maybe you can take a look at it. Miguel's packet. There we go. No, seriously. So we'll set that up again. We'll let you know. What do we do more details, okay? Because I think that was kind of a neat thing. See, something that was interesting people. A speaking of interesting people. We got a lot of fat people out there. He's like, God. And including the most of that one guy's name on the thing. Oh man. He was a tub. Anyhow, we got a lot of the beast in the building. He better be here on Friday. And I'm going to tell you something right now. Be so you better be like purging. You better be on a straight and narrow path. If he knows. Seriously. If he knows. He knows. And he's another couple more pounds by Friday. He's out. He's out. We'll put like a Zach on it or somebody. You know. Who will that be allowed to be part of that? See, he raises his hand. He weighs 48 pounds. So can we. But he wants to free food. You little. I guess you're teaching him real well. Anyway, balance for life is the great way to lose the weight. That's what the beast is doing. He's up to almost 60 pounds lost even though he's like dicking around a lot. No cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no worries. Just great results, man. You'll be healthier. You'll look better. You might get a little action once in a while on the best part of it is. You're going to feel better about yourself too when you lose that disgusting fat. Balance for life makes it easy because they make all the choices for you. You don't have to count calories or carbs or anything else. They do all that based on the zone diet. And they bring your little black sack every morning by 6 a.m. In your sack three gourmet meals and two delicious snacks they deliver right here to a step at your home at your work if you like wherever you're hanging out. And believe me, everything in there is fresh delicious made with a breast ingredients. Nothing frozen, no chemicals nor artificial crap. And they let you do only choice you have to make is they let you pick between two choices for each meal every day to try to program. That's it. So let balance for life take your use column at 9.5.4. 5.6.8.32.29. 9.5.4.5.6.8.32.29. Or check them out on that worldwide web at balanceforlife.com. 5.6. 6.6. 5.6. 3.0. Your. You. You. This is the Neil Roger show. This is your brain. Any questions? Here. If you cannot find a song above our rack. The markets are at Rama Bomba Rang. And the terrorist, the fristly actress man is looking gently. North Korea is to risk the bomb a rack. Huh? If we have no wildlife with us, we'll all react. Okay. If we think that someone's business bomb a rack. So to help with the inspections, let's look up for the elections. Close your mind and take directions from a rack. Oh, oh. Fall in line and fall in the water's bomb a rack. Huh? Or are my vaccines or borders bomb a rack? This agree will call the trees and let's make more of that love. This season even if we have no trees and bomb a rack. Don't it? I told you don't bother me while I'm in here. Arthur. Hello? It's Nikki Moss. Oh, Mr. Mouse. Good morning. How are you? What the hell are you doing to me? Nothing, sir? You're freaking calm me. No, not. I got David Kelly called me every three minutes. Why did we move the practice? Sir, you told me to move the practice. I didn't tell you why did you come up from this one. It's not me. No, sir. You said move the practice to Monday. Hey, hey. Listen, but wipe on the boss. I make the decisions. You take the heat. Right. You all move the practice. Okay. How are we doing with it anyway? I'm home. Hold on. Remind. Evil shot. Thought. Hell up. I'm on the phone, Remind. Hide this. Yes, sir. What was your question? I'm telling you. I'm going crazy over here. Between David Kelly and the local Jackson call me every three minutes. I'm going to go out of my freaking mind. Hold on. Reveal. Get him on. Stop it, Remind. I'm so on a phone. Remind. Remind. Remind. Remind. It's one bit to my hand, Remind. That's your beat. It's both my other hand, Remind. That's a phone, Mom. Right. I can't hear anything, Remind. Stop, Sowing the floor. Sorry. I'm not certain. The moves are working out very well. The practice is four minutes times. What? And move it. It's going to be what? Please don't we even beat him. That's what you beat. Fairly. Good. Michael Jackson was a rating success. I've got to hold on a second. Reveal. This is the book. What the hell you're doing with a harmonica? Reveal is so boring. Don't blame, Remind. I'll jam that thing down your throat. Get that move right away from me. Oh, for come on, Remind. I'm allergic. I'm a loser. Sir, over 25 million people saw. Shut up,izer. Listen. Yeah. You see me what I'm doing here? Sir, you're on the phone. I know I'm on the phone. Do you see what I'm doing? You're a imagination for crying all along. I'm moving my hands up and down, Sowing the sign. I'm the puppet master. I swear, you do it. Now, Fox is going to air all the stuff that you cut out of the Michael Jackson interview. But sir, you told me to edit out all that stuff to make him work. I bet that's it. The puppet master. Me. Idiot. Oh. Who's that? Who's that? Who's that? Who's that? Yes, you have a what's our hell you're doing now? Picking the blow, boss. It's nothing wrong with a floor remiss. What's this in my ear? That you'll beat his mouth. My other ear remiss. That's the phone, boss. That's the phone remiss. Get out. Go over to work. Get out. I'm sorry, sir. Yes, sir. Tell me. Tell me. Sir. Tell me. Sorry. Tell me. Stop. Blond it by the ride. Bamboo's on the doof bags. The piece tomorrow, right? Blond it by the ride. I thought I could do it back because I knew they were a ride. I know you may not understand what I did or do I am. Most of you don't read any books. So let me introduce myself. I was a well-respected, hard-right man and trusted by high-level truths. I used to have a powerful Republican position. High up on a morrow crown. The holy Christians were insistent that I had this red occultum with any means that could be found. The holy Christians were insistent that I knew they were a ride. The holy Christians were insistent that I knew they were a ride. The holy Christians were insistent that I knew they were a ride. The holy Christians were insistent that I knew they were a ride. The holy Christians were insistent that I knew they were a ride. The holy Christians were insistent that I knew they were a ride. The holy Christians were insistent that I knew they were a ride. The holy Christians were insistent that I knew they were a ride. The holy Christians were insistent that I knew they were a ride. The holy Christian was 300 years oldston did you click to read any books? The holy Christians found that I knew they were a ride. The holy Christians who agreed to read from inputs, turned Adam囉 into a bandial, who wasToddcraft. He was using his celestial son, which sounds like 안돼. Son and I fool you like all of them. I couldn't even tell you I was gay I saw a blinded by the right Vampoos of my goofy facts The face people are right Life is by the right There was an hope Till she was naked on a pause with two guys Take a look Darkness star A ride A thing's too cute And show what I see What I showed you's like in one And the thing's the untievee Mowing dad were hooked together Like my winking wongs What sky am I supposed to something like that Mowing was yellow at the door Dad was breathing heavy Mowing was on her knees He was the paddle boom boom Cause she tested well he pees He's been through the keyhole Watching mowing dad We've been through the keyhole The most fun we ever had While we watched a little longer And I started to get sick If daddy's name is Albert Wife on ask for dick Daddy, grown in his eyes won't that Mommy wanted more She'd come back on top of him But all he did was snore We've been through the keyhole As a minute's pass I can't wait to try to sell I'm so early in my class Well I can't wait to try this out I'm so early in my class Oh right! 21 to 1 to 5 60 It's our enjoyable No one to wed wed day comedy But I'm enjoying it What's not to like I always like it Sorry, I spilled coffee in here again Nice Well you guys are a couple of real slabs in there Anyway, I'll for years I've been talking about a really neat product And that really works That's the deal. All you might sound Jels contained far Massuitable grade Oliver Well not ordinary Oliver But super concentrated Loaded with health benefits Oliver made a remake And upproduced the risk of heart disease And the high cholesterol Plus there are 14 different Oliver made formulas to choose From each one containing The finest olive oil And money can buy Combined with vitamins Minibles or both to support specific health needs From your bones to your blood pressure To your immune system You just pick out the formulas that are right for you And now there are three new formulas From Oliomed One to help you sleep One to help you control your weight And so cute ten For your heart Pick it up all over town More and more people are pop and Oliomed Every day pick it up at publics, records, well, greens Whole food markets, Navarro's and Sedano's Order it online if you'd like At Oliomedamerica.com To want to get more information Call them toll free 1-866 Oliomed That's 1-866-666-633 Get your Oliomed today And start feeling sensational Almost right away At this course we deal 5-644 You A.M. Wow... Oh... Wow... Any better than Neil Rogers A tower bitch on the radio Who found a niche with no life as hosts Trutt and women We take the sands And that as frauds in cellually times The classification has been tougher than this. What's this hotel and those are better ways? Still fading catholic, worth the docs you. But she knows what is best for you. Dr. Moral, oh, f***er. She's a star-up to Shuffle. She's dispensing sound advice to Moral's way. The brains of my... Hey, Dr. Laura, by the way. How's your mother feeling today? Laura, I was strongly advised to put your tongue in my brown eye. Dr. Laura, oh, f***er. She's just a cuckoo. The smell of crawler, low cheese, oozing from. Her pony eyes. Right, don't cry. There, paints. I don't think I like you anymore. You used to watch me shave. How you do stare at the floor? I don't dare paint it. I don't like the way. You used to be you who made a paper towel in a dirty magazine. I saw we needed to get back. Now it seems things have changed I think that you were the one who blamed their paints. I don't like you anymore. He says, they're ready. I don't think I like you anymore. There's when you get to drink it. People in the places I've never been before, they're ready. I don't like you anymore. Why can't we just get a grip on our man to hand really shiver? I'm a turns of truth, I always feel. If we put our hands together, we just stay on forever. They're painted. I like that, you left her home. When I'm running while you're shaving my arm. I'm a poor payee's pants. I paint small gold renders, so I come size cute. I'm a payee's in the vehicle today. I'm a crazy home of all. Not that I might have put my way to old. I bet the size I feel in bed. It interests with feet, looms, my man friend. I'll just make up with generous some things. And then ask them to break my bun. No, there's no over again. Though I would not feel the most full now. And I would not be ashamed about a ginger and more gay union. Just hold and then stroke it away. For me, go to your nutmeg tight. Just sound like a nine year old kid. Only a macho medic I can't see. That makes me lift my wig. If ginger was a lover of mine, I'd bury my bull-wish baby now. Inside is simply re-written today. No, I would not be a sport home. If I was not a closet of faith, that's why a ginger and more gay union would make me feel guilty in pain. Everybody follow my thousand bulls. Yeah, ginger and more gay union. That would make my sorrow, boany ass, kill safe. If we had a ginger and more gay union. That they wouldn't have to get me raped. They sold the straighty illustration. How new to your isn't up. We've been talking about action. Ever since caught spon out now, We'll work more practices. The person who didn't have. Don't know what's a pex that. He's like, wait with more hair. Do I think that it's a bummer? Penville and Rees gone. Are you sure? Say goodbye to Aaron. Summers say hi to Ron and Ron. They're gone. What pex that's? And that's a matter of fact. They're gone. What pex that's? But Neil Hain, she's in his act. I said it's a born again Christian. Rajas is he can be. He wants to change the stations. Letters that don't you, G-O-D now will work. What pex that's? Good. What pex that's? What pex that's? What pex that's? What pex that's? What pex that's? What pex that? What pex that's? What pex that's? What pex that's? That's the one we deal with. Pentewe want a plant. If you're w-2m the mad dog and one hank from Vegas. It's a three-to-saf noon and we got Marlon baseball game. Number two. Marlon's in the foolish tonight. 632 votes on a pool which broadcaster has been most disappointing to you on the Warren Iraq. By the way, speaking of the war. Of course this market is focused on Eekin. But it's Ron and Sand and the markets go through the roof. Are you worth that? That was up to a 220 to a 125 to a mile points. And as the 48 markets go through the roof. You want to know why that's because of what's in name, Jessica? Simpson. Simpson is okay. 632 votes. Who's been most disappointing on the war? We're talking. Phil 100 140. Mohour David 106. Neil Rogers 84. Howard sperm 78. Peter R. Nett 71. Rush Limbaugh. 45. George Remigas 42. You're right on our rush's ass. You're right on the aim. I shot boil. You're right on the rim. You've been a rally 30 Randy Rhodes. 14 Dr. Laura 13. And in last place holding up the rear end. Yeah. Steve Kane. Mr. Rigo. Sucking wind. Anyway, it's. Yeah. Before one. What was there? Might as well use it. Hey, I'll tell you what else is there. You're phone use it. Make a smart call. Call our friends in Dilemma. And get you the best brand name. My percent of the son of very easy way. This is the most simple piece of shopping anybody ever has to do. Just one easy call to 1 800 mattress. M. A. T. T. R. I should be talking to a train bedding consultant who knows bedding inside and out. They know it all. And they got all the top brands. They got silly. Service him in King Qua every size and style. You could ever imagine in stock ready for just about immediate delivery. You know, dial the mattress is right. The best in the world of customer satisfaction. And they got more repeat and referral customers than anybody else because they treat you great. They give you that unbeatable customer service delivery. You need to our window that you pick when it's convenient when you're going to be home. And once you buy a mattress and dollar mattress, they come in to take away the crappy old bedding and set up your brand new and for you for free. That's correct. Dollar mattress sets up to do and takes away the smelly, sold, stained and burst and crappy old bedding for free. So guarantee yourself a great night's sleep for months and years to come. Make that one simple phone call right now. Like I always do. 1 800 mattress. 1 800 mA T. T. R. E. S. For the world flaming at dial a mattress. I can't go. Because it's quite funny you buy a city. You wear. If anybody has opinion, descending from our way, we'll pay your name and food as is down. And in the me of the stay, don't even talk to questions. You're just kind of underpaid. Everybody's turning back. It's my shift to a stay. It's the exit of history. It's a little washing our love view. Everyone got the suspicion. So much fun, you're new. They've got it for me, John. And all you might know. In push, brother land they, John. I just do a stay. They've got to hate those you. And slid them deep on those two. Believe everything we can. And the stay to run you. That one for a good man. We love your husband. I'll open T. N. Bush, baby. That has to be a stay. We don't mind you see our job. So about a time of his boo. We're fascinated by a candle. Don't need no stupid boo. Welcome. All's our little crazy. The facts of Paris and Way. Everybody's turning back. Yes. Oh, last year's Wednesday. It's ruined. You think black man thinks young ones are blind. I think black man's suspicion is your portrayal of ice. Screw on. You don't think black man's name a charity's role. You said all the boys are blind. But you didn't try your fulcing swans. You're a roi. That's something you'll feel right. What's wrong with your ass and die? You're watching that night. You're looking for your face, die. That's something you'll feel right. Oh. Screw it. You'll be the big job bang to die. I'll smack your hair and bruise on your body the way you like. All right. Who are you? You get my phone roll long and strong. It's a bloody money to hold it in no care if it's wrong. Rye. You're laughing you white. You just beat my son. The kind of thing you'll be died. You know how to do it, bro. You gotta take without it, you die. Go. The temperature is zero. It is cold. It is so freaking cold. And I cringe every time the wind blows. In my pants, something is shrinking. I'm so cold, I can't live seeing. Let's be cause it's zero baby. And I cannot feel my toes. There's a tingling in my fingers. And my pride with parts of rules. Oh, my nose is about to follow. There's a cloud every time that I call. In my hands on you. They are turning numb. They might have you dead. My thumbs. Let's be cause it's zero baby. I can barely move my mouth. I'm a red hot Latin lover. But first I need to be torn out. I'm a red hot Latin lover. I'm a red hot Latin lover. That's what I'm talking about. Man, that's it. I know. I enjoy this today, didn't you? No one else, I enjoy it. I enjoy this today, didn't you? You're going to enjoy it. But anyway, George would say yes. He was there. But he's where he go. Where does he keep going? I don't know. I'm scared or something or like a fire alarm or areas. I thought maybe we had another one of those fire alarms. You were like two thirds of the way down the stairs. Carrying fat boy. I could make up a whole bunch of funny stuff. But we're having printer problems. Kind of boring. Man, George next. Mad dog, try to put you up a little when you're playing. I'm not going to touch you. I'm flying. You got it. You can't. I don't know where you're. Well, wait a minute. I'll wait a minute. I just passed the day. My clock says one o'clock and three seconds. It's 58. Well, who would I have a stick with my clock? Well, the same people would've been addicted. He'd've been addicted. I would've been addicted. I would've been addicted. And that clock runs slow, not fast. I don't know if you would've done that. Oh, you had somebody again was in here. Dick and around. I'm off. Somebody was dick and around in this room. Oh, my god. And here I thought I was going to be right on time. It was so proud of myself. I'm looking at it. It was like 12.59. 40. No. I don't know where the screamer up here. I'm going to just relax. Play another bit. Play another bit. That's why it was still out there. I thought, I forgot plenty of time. I got two more minutes. And don't forget we got that big Marlon game that I now will separate the men from the Goi and Baby. I see who really wants to show up. I like pay for it. No free weenies, man. Bye bye. I'll tell you about your show. I'm five six. I'll need you. I have my own four more.