Good morning Neil. Morning Scott. How are you sir? Put second Kevin Baxter in the Herald's Anstomach. Why not do they just made me a bunch of money? They did. How much do they make? I guarantee I turned that into money. I'm not like the sales staff here. I'm not like the sales staff. They get the city linker to my name. I hear what they tell me. Is that ever? By the freaking Herald, I'm gonna read the whole article on the year. It's a great article. I still go and Kevin, you got your head so far up Scott's Anstomach. It's gonna take a proctologist and it got in Crain to get it out. At least the piece that heads not up there anymore. Yeah, well it's a big crowd. Yeah. The crowd from behind you. What's your name in the model? I had a couple of calls online nine this morning off the year. How are you after me now? Because we were just without a doubt. A conspiracy going on. Everyone here, there was a vote of 10 to 1 that Howard was the one consenning. And there was an abstention vote from Greg one more time. What? There was only one Miami Herald here today and it turns out he's dealing with sports major. We did it. Go home with anyway. He decided to take the tropical arts section home with him. Absolutely. So we just felt that it was kind of a dick move. He had done a lot of stress. Well he was so pressured this boy that when he met George in the T-Romey, whipped it out for George and his driver's license too. Oh, usually he doesn't whip it out in here except when he's downloading porn. Oh, this was he creaming he whipped it out. Anyway, he's 59 years old. So I'm a year and a half older than he is. But I don't know. He told Gary Jackass last year. He was in his mid 50s. I'm like 59. That would have been 58 last year. Is that sound like mid 50s? I don't know if he's mid 50s. That's like the man. Check the fly about the range. Check fly about the range. I think my girlfriend's the same age as me. But she's like 27 whenever we go. It's like an old lady. He's just vain. He's been about that her piece about them checkered pants about his age. Come on. Losing up a little bit more. He just passed. I'll just talk about a couple of those quotes in that Kevin Baxter article. Where you come right out. You want to like blow him out. When in down blow him out, you want to find the 10 AM. I said I could have strolled for something. I'll take anyone out that's in my life. So you said if you're boring, no one listens. No, we're referring to anybody specific when you said that. Just him. Right. Yeah. Where you go? I don't know. I'm just trying to make it. You know, I'm always doomed. Everyone puts a label. I mean, I'm short term fix. Yeah. But you know, I look at it this way. And you know, like you've had a luxury of working here for your whole career. I've had the luxury. I've had the luxury. I've had luxury. Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? I think you're smart. But you're there. You're not fooling me. But when I did my just in New York twice, I last hammered to school at Lantvanks. She kind of all that was planned. I wanted to work in everyone. I also wanted to do the pop night show. I did want to work in all those. You can laugh all day. Yeah. I'm just having to just go. What's your goal is to get canned on every station so you can work in every major market in the country. I might go and say, I've only been fired. I got fired by Westwood because I took the thrasher job. I probably would have been fired anyway because I had gone from 150 five stations. But the guy that replaced me had 12 for an all-time high. I was able to pull it off in syndication. I did it four times. But there's no radio jobs that end nice. You know that. I was not going to be like long term. I was at Westwood for five years. I was at that time. I was at the end of five years. The man has been cleaning. They say, thanks for a great job. There's no way you knew it. They pulled a part. They do you. They usually have few. They'll send you on vacation. Yeah. I got fired in New York. Because two guys had sex in a church. And I wasn't even on the air. Or is in my case with Bud Pax and they say, hey, by the way, don't buy the coming back from vacation. We're going to pay you out for next several months. They're not coming back. That's what they'll do tomorrow. Do you think? Just buy his ass out. I mean, you got to look at it this way. Buy his ass out. And you can have four hours of money making. I'm paying by the dingle. Just pay him off. Christ, you guys are. Are you kidding? I'm not going to play dumb like beesley doesn't have money. But you understand. First of all, they don't want to pay even when you're working. So you can imagine how tough it is to get money if you're not working from them. And number two, they just extended this contract under Duresh. Oh, yeah. Everybody's got their contract. They're extending, including Scott, right? With his big salary over there. But it's a content week to get him a contract. Do I? Yeah. Yeah. You do. What? No. It's not a lot of people just live alone. It's for a couple years. That's it. And I have it. Here's my contract. I'm a lot to do whatever I want. That's another word. I'm going to do a syndicated radio show in January. Whether they like it or not. And I want to do a TV. Whether they like it or not. People know the more I do the more money. I paid the way for you. You don't have to worry about calling a Boston asshole. And by the way, you people in the They heard a lot of pussy's. Every word that's in here like, not trying to piss anybody off. got like an A, okay. They couldn't even put a blank like hole. Yeah, what up bunch of both city like I love because they put every F bomb in there every sea sucker. That's a real publication. I don't know if he's like the hero. I told Judy McGrath of MTV to President to suck my nuts. Yeah. I love print that. Yeah. I love that. That was the best article. It was ever written because I just I got off. Hey, and here all the wind come out as you told her to S blank blank like you're in blank like like like then some Cuban guys have figured out he miss spells that or something. Yeah. They just have the ground. I did all the groundwork for a QM. You can go with weed and ass. So you can call all the men's been people of us or schmucks. What's they are? You can do whatever you want because I've been doing that for six years already. Did you see the beast there? There's a picture of the beast in the article. He actually has smuggling on his left tooth. He has smuggling on his tooth. I think a little lettuce, Charlie. Probably from Clarence. Yeah, that story was in there. That'll wrap this up. Have a nice day, Neil. You too Scott. Great job. I don't know how to hear it. She's a perfect 19. Who likes the pleasure painting. When she grown at those on the roof, she's hanging like the straw on the on right. And Colt was rancid stud. And Colt was rancid stud. Imagine what you can catch from the roof. And Colt was rancid stud. And Colt was rancid stud. And Colt was rancid stud. And Colt was rancid stud. And Colt was rancid stud. And Colt was rancid stud. And Colt was rancid stud. A swirl of wool of crap. And Colt was rancid stud. And using cludding and voice during. And now her voice there. Walking with the hill dough. Furly gambin' side of her butt. And Colt was rancid stud. And Colt was rancid stud. Come on to know what it could hatch. And Colt was rancid stud. Ten away to five sixty wdqm happy Monday too. So anyway, where the hell are we start today? I guess I should start with a message for Norma Kent. Hey Norma, the answer is no. No. For you talk about hoods, but this guy is so unbelievable. Cosme on Friday wakes me up out of a really nice nap. You know when he gets me old like me and Hank and Mo. And they take nap now and measure. I take them. And you get to be a senior citizen. And I'm taking a nap. I'm sound asleep in a phone raise. There's Norma Kent. Another one of his pointless useless calls having nothing to do with anything. Certainly having nothing to do with my career. Or livelihood. No. Any of these things. So anyway, he's starting again with a stupid bubble head now. How many times have you heard me say about that crap already? Yeah, at least. And he wants to see he just refuses to take no for an answer. I know some of the weasels like that. They won't take no for an answer. Cos we're already having a bit of a time raising money for abandoned pay rescue, which is the charity of my choice that we're doing now. In a past we raised a lot of money for Senator One for Camille's House for Planned Parenthood. And we did a good job on all of them and congratulations to us and you know you're welcome. But the fact that a matter is you can't be all things to all people and let's see. Here's the fact that says the worst part of your show is from 10 a.m. till Scott shuts the hell up. Why do you tell the opinion I like to cross over what's got a kill some good time? And we have a tie together. Don't we? People like it. Okay, we already took a poll on that. Yeah, you know, is that interesting? Yeah, we're saying before and before the show this morning, no matter what you do or what you say, it's self-floor. There's always a negative asshole. No matter what it is. Right. Pretty money. Right off to bed. I mean it's only nine minutes after the hour. We just finished like three minutes ago to cross over. And here comes the facts, which by the time it got to you and then you were related to me. So it's you and since all of them immediately after Scott said, have a good day now and said up your ass. And that was it. And here comes the first negative facts. God are you people negative. I understand you depressed because you're living there and you're stuck there. I can relate to that. Not anymore. Not no mole. No, because I had the choice and I said, hey, give me out of here. Jesus. Anyway, Norma, the answer is no, you're not going to cut into our, uh, it's a tough year for all charities. Are having a bitch of your even told me that and he's got the hoods for the sick. Well, you think we could sell 20 by 100 of these bubble head dolls and I'm counting on you to really promote it. They've already No, because we're already doing a van de Paris. These I 20 before. I did my thing for center one. They didn't appreciate enough to like, you know, play about the rules with us. They stabbed us in a back on a couple of things as you recall. Well, yeah. And we say good luck to you. You do a lot of good work, but you're going to have to raise your money. Some place else. But now since he's director of center one, my agent has tried to manipulate me. It will position a raising money for them. And he answers still. That could have happened. Yeah, but why don't we go about 20 charities? Maybe raise a few bucks reach one. We've been raised 20 times 36 hundred bucks. We already got that beat. Well, the new Rogers charity fund The bottom of the market. I'll just turn into a charity show and I will have about a point one. I have a similar on a cash As we have in ratings fractions. I've nothing like cheap changes will have Trump change Now you know that that can't be that guy from Dallas online. I know that can't really be a low buying it Dallas, Texas. Oh Can you hear me? Yeah, yeah, I said I was calling this. We thought could be on a whole thing. There you show Oh, okay, hold on Okay, well, why didn't you just put him on hold Scott? He don't want anything to say why should we got from Dallas have anything to say? Oh, he didn't tell me that. He's probably too cheap to go out and buy a computer so we can listen on the internet Well, that we got 1971 votes on a pool over a weekend. Anybody believe it? Oh, some of them are real On our music pool. I mean, that's got to be almost a record, but I noticed that last couple of days It started like goosing way up there. It was a big rush on certain of these groups that I want to mention no name. It was on a game of rush Oh And not that rush either anyway. We'll give you a results of that pool here's today's pool. I'll give you right off the bat because we got lots of stuff to do today Don't wait. No lots of stuff to do. I got to read that whole article from the yellow Kevin Bastard We don't watch you people to go out and spend money to buy the Harold. Oh God See I know Scott appreciates the fact that you've been a free publicity, but don't don't get sucked in by the Harold Scott That's my first lesson to you do not get's plus no that's my second lesson the first one was fired a beast Which he still hasn't done But the second message is don't suck up to the Harold because they'll stab you in the back They they'll put on an act and in fact even in this article there's some pretty negative crappy notice that Kevin Bastard you'll smile to your face and then they'll get like they did to me at the Sun Sentinel several years ago. What that was that old guy's name. I'm sure he's dead by now. He's dead by now Let's hear it the one that pretended to be a big fan He went out to call her to the track with me and it took all these pictures and then he puts a goddamn Had you job in in traffic magazine or whatever whatever their Sunday magazine was at the Sun Sentinel I had to job like so what you never saw Not as good as the one Mark Fisher didn't a Harold years before that The one more I was crying or sitting by the phone crying on the front cover We crock at our tears. They put all this crap in my eyes. I figure like glycerin to get the effect of the tears Jesus Christ if they wouldn't have had to do that if they would just told me it was gonna be in a Harold I would start crying automatically had real tears Yeah, they dripped all this glycerin down your face and man It takes hours and hours to like wash it off and Jesus and then they write a hatchet job on you Mark Fisher aka makes you pictured that's the guy by the way happy junior year I told you Jews out there and a glamour how we had a head start 10 13 at 5 60 WQM you know the speaking of head start You think the choice ever gonna get me any copy for any of these accounts I just mentioned that in passing again just like I mentioned in passing norm the answer is still no no go away with your bottle He bells okay, maybe the commissar is now quit dick in my charity quit right a minute Be like me and use me to try to make you look good. Okay, Mr. Kent can't get it done so how many you think we can sell Vable head downs. Yeah, I'm gonna tell you about dry concepts right now I've been using them in my home not for 30 years but over 20 years. I hell of a long time I'll guarantee that in fact most of the other corporate cleaning companies in town have come and gone during that period of time They're long gone, but dry concepts is still around because they're the best to make a very long story short The novel and carpet cleaning in a world the only ones who really dry clean your carpets is an exclusive Patented method it makes your carpets look brand new smell lemony fresh and stay cleaner last longer to now dry concepts How does you chance to save 15 percent on your next carpet cleaning just call them at their tool free number 1800 248 5071 Ask them to put you understand by list and then dry concepts will call you next time to become an opening in their schedule Like when you fly stand by if you're available when they have an opening they'll knock 15 percent off the regular price Which is already a bargain and don't forget to dry concepts They give you a written guaranteed price before they start their stupidest job Cal dry concepts today ask them to put you understand by list They might even have an opening for in the day you call them give you 15 percent off the price of your job Whether it's your carpets you draper your furniture or poster whatever you have them clean They do a job like nobody else in the universe and no rip off. Cal dry concepts toll free 1 800 248 507 1 or check them out of the web at dryconcepts.com My candidacies all about big changes are commendo what about those orgies you had our great What are your qualifications I have no experience I'm a woman nice and that's a terrible guy What's your plan? Here's my plan that decided to go to the kidney wats and then we end the crazy deficit spending oh It really comes down to this game over He's in by the way. Hey to break the nose dude. It's a distressing and it's very Americano. We thought dumb is in Hmm, I think Eisenhower really started that train. No two yeah, but can 52 about 51 years ago Eisenhower started the trend if you're dumb and lucky a literate and war hero See Wesley Clark's a warrior or but he's not dumb. Oh Mark Hidnik one of our former sales holes from W. I O. D sends us a fight and now that you notice the handwriting on here It was actually written on the back of a Business cart with paper business. W. I. D. Oh, I hate that station. Yeah, me too. We blew it up for you It was written on the back of what a business card. Oh this card. It says dear Neil and George with a small V in a big-in And boy, this is looks like it was written by somebody a literate like I said does in Mark okay, so that's good Hippy the hipster now when that wasn't the hipster the hipster was a Ken the bro. He was the hipster He was yes Mark the hipster anyway says you're still the only thing on radio except for maybe Schmidt Or is that there's that say is that really say the SH where I'm not really sure. I listen daily Still now for one year. What what I I'm 14 years I'm also glad to be an ex-beesley and in TV where the rest of living and breathing exists is Mark I'm not going to be now wasn't Mark have nicked a monocut the S. involved with Bob Lincoln and then whole Vegas business I can't recall. I'm pretty sure what you try to block it out of your mind You're trying to suck up now because you know he's listening who I think that was hidden at Nick. He never did anything for me No, he never did anything for me either. So he was like. Yeah, he's he was okay He listen at least he's loyal. He understands that this show is where it's set All always should be given Scott a little bit of credit. Yeah, because see wait till I read that article because I don't want to get Kevin back to your nervous, but you've you've put some stuff at a course in a World of the second different part of the cell signal of course not that was the thing but anything in the paper You tell me anything and I'll put it in there. You know there is absolutely no research even though we know it's true Don't we there's no research to indicate any of the numbers that for us got yet Because we don't have any our least for December book And won't be for another to later on till almost a month right one z a book come up by the way you got a date no Flip the page you know have a date there an October when a summer book comes out And then you're happy our way I'll remove your big fat head yeah, move your big fat. Hey Scott there you go, you're the 16 book one p.m Oh, that's great. That's just shortly before my vacation that's excellent one p.m. All right Let's move the calendar ahead in fact Let's move it ahead to the morning of my vacation Sounds really good you got another vacation as a matter of fact Not only do I have another vacation, but I re-read my contract while I was down there which was a very for two of this thing for me And come to find out I got a whole bunch more weeks vacation is coming here Yeah, so those of you who like George a lot not not that many but more than before And anyway that that and of course that should have been more than before all along But again, we give back so much it exchanged for these studios and throughout our one answer to him Is there a studio in Amsterdam anymore? No, there's not so that right off the bat that should double my vacation weeks right there But Norma can't is more worried about trying to manipulate and use me to raise money for his charity Would his bobblehead dolls the answer norm is no absolutely Positively beyond a shadow of a dime up your hands. No, no no chance. Okay All in his case when we say up your ass believe me. Well, there's plenty of precedent Here's today's poll which we'll get to eventually know we'll give you the result from a Friday Which TV talking head you pray never to see again and you can pray to like anybody One which talking head you hope never to see again. All we started with was a pair Now you you want to put glory all right on or two? Okay, I thought you said that I did say that and culture Nancy Grace and we'll put Gloria all red that's a LRED. Let's get to spelling right today Okay, you win Eric ALRED is not the L's and not two D's and all of these things is Gloria all red Parts of whatever happened to her with her big lawsuit against Michael Jackson She's one of these people that starts a lot of things. They never finish his any she's always sticking her nose in there getting her finger in the pie and Then it's the end of it kind like rosio Donald always stick in her finger in the old pie Here's the poll from Friday You know I'm like right on the edge right on the cusp, but I think I got a beat. This is the good news for you I didn't tell you this morning because you get nervous right on the edge of like the sword troke, you know how it starts with But I got a beat good with my diet soda here with my diet coke. I drink it up diet coke I could be like an alcoholic, but I'm not But they but they don't drink caffeine free like I do Right is don't they drink it for the caffeine all the alcohols they drink tons of gallons and yelling I like coke really wouldn't know I thought I was seriously I'm talking about the people we used to work with at passion I didn't know it was loaded with alcohol keys man I think that was a requirement you had to either be a born again Christian or an alcoholic or both I don't think the caffeine was the active ingredient. I think they just need to be drinking something constantly Yeah, well thank God they had Tony Kramer there who never got involved in drugs in the 60s and 70s like everybody else and Told us about it every day and at the end he would look at us and say do you believe me? You believe what ever what a burnout He was not the one of buddy buds pals buddy bud passion anyway. Here's the pull from Friday Other than the beatles of the Rolling Stones what's your all-time favorite rock group? Led Zeppelin. I did not predict this. Yes, even though we put them on their late to give everybody a little handy crap Led Zeppelin zoomed by everybody like they were standing still 167. I know we have more votes on there. They're right at the end, but this is this is updated enough Erosmith second 120. Let's hear it for Stevie Tyler knows big lips in Joe Perry and all those other go in Thor's 110 Rush 107 now Good Canadian band Do we really believe that Rush had 100 and seven votes legit? Oh, I don't know. Do you believe it? No Pink Floyd 97 R E N 92 now as much as I love R E M the fact that a matter is they started out with like almost nothing and Mysteriously lineup of 92 votes which I'm pleased to see that but do I believe the number no? No, yes Had 91 no didn't have any but yes 91 Eagles 86 Van Halen 81 the who 58 I'm gonna read them all little kills some good time Moody blues 52 Metallica 46 while I should read them all because if you wanted to Somebody on here and you don't have you're not sitting in your computer right now you probably want to know when you sure you too 42 Sprongston in an e Street band 41 tied with queen 40. See now right there right off the bat does that tell you what crappy taste a lot of people And to come here Bruce brings Dean and the e Street band with queen will be like comparing Elvis Presley with that Freaky fruit cake that was on American Idol The tiger what that was just then just then go through while we were just in with a weaning Anyway queen was tied with Bruce Springsteen and 41 van 36 the band The beaches in the beach boys in a grateful dead Chicago and Simon Garfunkel all side by each all four met 31 All five of them the band has 36 but these other Oh The beaches the beach boys the grateful dead Chicago Simon Garfunkel with 31 trailing the band AC DC 30 steely dance to a lot of guests 29 Allison chains 28 Leonard Skinner 25 Kiss 23 EL 22 has ever had 22. Play with Mac 21 tool had 21 21 like tool Pro Jam 20 and the police had 20 police only had 20 whatever pretty week outside all my brothers 18 Dave Matthews band 17 cc r 16 there's still Roland Roland Nirvana 14 guests who had 12 guns and roses 11 b 52's 11 10 votes for super tramp 9 inch nails and cross-be swirl a nash Red hot chili peckers at 9 derand around here's the ones with seven whole bunch with seven Derand around emerson like in pomer allen persons project 311 forner cars four seasons had seven Six votes for a radiohead deep purple rancid black Sabbath jigiles band sticks bloodswetentiers five Oats of peace for the kinks motley crew bad company Lincoln park four votes each for a full fighters the back-speed boys spirit 98 degrees and wings Three votes for in excess Two votes for jeans addiction. They should have done better. That sure system of a down head two blink 182 had two that was more than enough No doubt had two were apologize for that. Queens of the Stone Age had two quinsity old age had a hundred The a holly's two and only one vote for cold play and stink. Let's hear it only one asshole out there vote for instinct Probably some five-year-old girl the climax blues band and no votes for filter power station or disturb even on the heels of rubber Pumbers death. Oh my god power station had no votes. Isn't that depressing? Oh, it's picking his death man there dropping like flies more deaths over the weekend Lot of them. Oh that'll kill another half of her not put intended Yeah, that'll kill a whole bunch of time and a whole bunch more people In fact, they're that rockably guy to hit on the city pulse here earlier. I mentioned before the show I don't even know who that was he died even people. We don't know are dying which is really depressing ends down as And welcome back to the world series of boo-no down to the final two players at the final table and the actions about a heat up It's little eight-year-old Jimmy Archer against his grandma Little Jimmy's playing this one beautifully. I must say he is down to one card and Oh, he forgot to yell oh no I'm going to leave on for you It's not Well, you know what that means he's got a draw two cards now when that puts grandma firmly back to the driver seat Yeah, too bad that's a rookie mistake and that's just gonna hurt him It sure is What's oh oh no he's throwing a tantrum and running upstairs room room Oh, no as you know that's an automatic disqualification Well, I'll tell you Jimmy really needs to work on his Uno phase give him time give him time you're right He's young and we'll be seeing more of him. I'm sure so congratulations to our new world series of Uno champion Grandma More like number oh no Well, that's all for now. We'll see you next week when we bring you the world series of go fish Live from the Caesar's palace Take care of set it. All here this we got the updated schedules here on QAM All right, let's hear it. Duff and Clarence working overtime today That's because the marlins are in the playoffs naturally. We got the big game tomorrow with times that game We don't have any one of clock games damn it. They're out on a west coast in San Francisco to start and We're also carrying the cups and abrasant nighttime so we got baseball up the ass for the foreseeable future I bet you must pretty happy about that Here's only in for a lot of Dale hello Hello, yes, man. Hi, I'd like to know something The also side by each Where do you get the expression from Canadian? That's not true because speaking to one and I've been there 28 years in Toronto I have never ever heard anybody say side by side The only person that I hear saying it is Frank Sileve who calls the races at Woodbine and Mohawk Karnas racing and he always does side by I got a wood dime. I got a wood dime. Yeah, but he says that all the time So that's that's an isolated. That's only even heard for one person there Also with Frank Sileve as well, you have to admit he is the best of his grade Okay, because I personally I have this question like I'm in for a lot of dollars now with somebody and he lives here And he's always like you know making facts, but Canadian people and stuff and he says how we all say side by each and I personally never heard that So yeah, I just wanted to go at least he's not picking out at least he's picking out not picking out everything How's it going A he's not picking on that so that's you know at least a diversion That's right. Oh, yeah, you told me to tell you that I've been taught that you'll have gone There you go. Thanks for that. Thank you. I have everything. I'll see you side by each. Okay I just buy the amusing that's all it's just kind of funny you know what I mean Right, I know anybody can say side by side, you know, but side by each. That's funny and For and there's another affectation too, which I'm not only Frank Sileve's is it but When you the for example the horses name is what a beauty What ad beauty they'll pronounce the A is a what ad beauty Seriously, I mean, I'm maybe that's only Frank Sileve. I don't know maybe he's got like some kind of a mental problem. I don't know It any right we'll take Canada A we'll take our pot laws and our Fag marriage laws And we'll take the liberal Permirship and Ontario starting on one's the election Thursday Gonna pounce that only Ebes right out of office See this country is moving ahead taking gigantic steps into the future where is America Into the bush mice there in his fascist regime are moving gigantic leaps and bounds into the stone to age backward So if I have to choose between no matter whether we say how's it going a or side by each or whatever All a stick with Canada A how do you like that sweetheart? Love Toronto even though what it it's I think the party's overdo for the weather Loading I it's gonna be 41. Thanks about No, but I can see the high in some days. There's one day I think Thursday to predict in the low of 38 So I think we're going from summer to winter this year. Yeah, that's okay just bundle up life is more than just weather as most of you in South photo Who came with dreams of son and fun? Are you discover life is more than just the weather? Anya. Yeah It's part of the little trick that we play on in South Florida You think it's paradise because you're some crusty old 59 year old kutsay that okay? Look I recognize by the way, I'm proud of him. He's really coming along now that the Scott's trying to blow him out who to tuck it Yeah, website is uh, whoops it out for Georgia this morning and his rival license to and show him is the birthday June 44 how to tattoo right on there. Oh, I don't care. I'm not vain out in November I'll be 61. I'll be like a year and a half older than the amol my strip and that's way ago Of course, I'm making a lot more money than he is and my ratings are like a hundred times what his is and The they're actually a few people like me as opposed to mo but that's the way it goes you know mo it's how it go mo But I think we're starting to slowly but surely drag him into the real world now. I think he's Maybe he's finally reached the point in his aging career when he's tired of being detested and reviled by all But I don't think so because if that were the case you wouldn't have called off the earth twice doing for real show pitching in bollyck About the We did what's the other the god damn heroes moa got it's making a half a million years just from QA and plus you dolphin money You should be able to afford your own god damn prescription. Okay, you idiot god Everyday we talk about cheap Jew man and bad stereotypes. He has bad for the rest of us Jews He's the here here's me Mr. generosity that take care of the whole world and very glad to do it and then we got this cheap bastard I know that's so cheap even takes the hero home What a prick but we like him all you're good guy. Absolutely you won't buzz our way don't you like him? Oh Actually you're the one you're down there you're with him. I mean you're starting to get real close and I'll do see everything well, you know hard to avoid him been doing a good job, but Eventually you're running. He's kicking you out. He went into out. He seeks you out And maybe he'll even allow you to sniff some of his dingo berries later in the way we're going golfing the weekend Yeah, but who's who's balls are gonna be at whacked I'm pretty sure my any hello Yeah, sir Can you play the George tape please That's been a while Don't take please Monday this guy's got nothing to do on Monday, but sit there for like 20 minutes I'll get you play the George tape. Please no can't do it asshole Now a lady in pop it all online. I don't believe that hello. Hi, you yes, man. How are you today? You're in pop it all? Yeah, well, why would you be calling her on this line? Because I'm not calling them pop it out Where are you? You don't want to know you really don't want to know me. Okay. It's far far away from you 2000 miles away close to Petabias Stop far for me 2000 miles away from Toronto. I don't think so Well anyone the tape is like about 200 miles away So tell me honestly what you think the chances of tomorrow is getting anywhere this year I mean, you know beyond this level here What do you mean by that you sound so negative nobody expect David Samson as much of a tourfacy is at the beginning of the year on this station He said the Marlins of the 91 games We all laughed and laughed and laughed and fell down on a floor and rolled around and held our sides and you know what they did They won 91 games unbelievable and they made their way up to the wild card team I if they don't win one more game is still been a phenomenal year for them and not that I'm a big baseball fan or Marlin fan But they got a given credit. You know what it's exciting for me. I mean, I follow them when I live down there And it's just really it's really kind of fun. It feels almost the same feeling as my knees oven Right Is that what it's like down there is it's the feel of the people down there like it's exciting again Yeah, they're jumping on the bandwagon for running phony sure they had like about 30,000 about honey Thousand a game for last few games. They're sure That's great. That's great. I think it's awesome Well, be a lot greater if they actually showed up the rest of the season You know when it's not the bandwagon thing, but that's not the south-forward. I have an way you know that no Cubano's can't deal with that No, you know how well they're busy with the cock fights in the dogfight But you know George we know about that Okay, I have a great day. We'll see you in the table Man, what a bitch Wow Take a cheap shot at you and she don't want to know. I wonder she don't want to tell us where she's calling from you know I'm misted somehow with her shot Yes, she took a little shot. You would know about that. There was a kill like an anti-spick thing She wasn't like spit I don't know about it. I was just a good time in Lee, we're in New York or wherever we lack a wana Black fireman sense, but no cue. Maybe she's in the pure for don't you? Or maybe she's in Buffalo with Maria Genero. I can't get over how Maria Genero is on whatever channel it is a fat boy would know I want to the buffalo network affiliates. She's I love Maria Genero She's one of the bright lights that we ever had in South Florida is a WIVB Not that duck LSD channel. She's got a show again Yeah, you did What station is that? I said are you An easy Oh, go to KB W Absolutely, and there's Madeline all right. I say Madeline all bright for president. That's what I say although she's too busy closing up with her real She's her own 20 me four love another a dead American soldier in a rack this morning. That's more bad news All who's he don't dying day. Yeah, who's counting is right? We stopped counting at this point It's a 20 me four 11 at five 60 WQM here's the schedule. We got the mad dog Jim managed to to full We got the hopper at Schuillers four to a seven Then the Ricky William show from the Cleveland around South Beach live Seven to eight tonight Ricky Williams Ricky Williams. He keeps saying nice hairdo nice do Ricky and by the way Don't mind that they all say that you're whatever they're saying you know what they're saying about him No eight o'clock hurricane hotline from Tony Rome is his the old hurricane hotline with the Joseph Gaki and Don Bailey Jr Is the beast on that you're also or what I hope not don't know Eddie K ten to two and two in Markov and I know baseball cuz the seasons over and tomorrow You got the Marlins and the Giants and then we even got the cups and the break how about those cups huh? Yeah How about the cups cup? How about them? Litting the division again for the first time since what was it 89 I think? 84 no 84 is dear they lost to San Diego and appeal playoffs 89 was dear that I was a big comes fan I watched all the games on the on the satellite. Is that a fact? Yeah, no Toronto Blue Jpan, huh? No, no Sam not a phony. I don't I don't all the sun pretend to be a fan of some team just out of nowhere What happened to least fan oh it's gonna be a bad year for at least by the way all maybe they today suck or what wow They won't be as bad as the Panthers Well who the hell will be we love the pan third see now nobody would even talk about the Panthers because You know the Marlins in the world series now the more it fact you notice even the dolphins are kind of taking a back seat By the way nice lost yesterday the redskins pants the Patriots lost yesterday And what kind of a call was that in my Bella check on fourth and three they got a chance to kick the time field goal Venetary so it's 55 years he can handle it and they throw it in complete pants. He's done it before. Yeah, he's done it. He always comes through in a clutch No, let's make the first down and oh incomplete sorry Tommy Brady they're still good not tell you who look good even though they got transpoper do on Saturday was Brady What does his name Quinn the mighty Quinn? Yeah, he no Pat Quinn but boy he he when he throw 50 some passes Something like that and they got trounced again. Let's hear it. Notre Dame lost in a quarterback looks good What more could you want 18 before 11 at five 60 W to Qm by now you've been here at about lemon It's a rust and how laminated wood flooring from lemon. It's a rust is the easy the intelligent low maintenance Alternative to natural wood flooring which is beautiful, but oh so expensive Lemon and so rush is the best place to find laminated wood flooring from perador per go will some our uniform Quickstep all the top names all installed by pergo certified install is waiting for you It laminated to roast here's another reason why I ought to be calling these folks their prices are so low They'll probably put you on the flow right now you can get their September kickoff special for this 1900 you I don't have that that sound effect do I Sure the the following on the floor that you always plans in the DCS under body under what body fall Well, I would sure know that The price of the floor you right now get there September kickoff special for this 1995 bucks gets you up to three hundred eighty square feet of beautiful laminated wood flooring Unbelievable and laminated to us will match any legitimate written offer to you can't beat him with your stick For a free and home estimate call laments for us toll free at one 877 7777 3336 nothing could be easy. They give you free carpet disposal free furniture moving at 25 year warranty and years and Eons of beautiful easy care Laminate wood flooring column today toll free and be sure and tell me across the ancient Neil the second oldest coup d'on QM Toad to call laminated to us one 877773336 56 That you squat your horse sometimes if you have a problem it helps to talk to people who have overcome the same problem My name is Sally and I'm still interested in shame That's why there's benefit anonymous a support group for those tormented souls crippled by their addiction to the celebrity couple The rest of the world has finally stopped caring about Is the wedding on or what is the answer does anyone know the answer to Sally's question? Had benefit anonymous we know your bomb bond with temptation from media outlets help bet to fuel your unhealthy obsession Break through and learn that there's a war in a raft and a prolonged economic slump very good Sally No matter the severity of your benefit addiction benefit anonymous can get you the help you so desperately need All benefit anonymous meetings are held in quiet private locations with no one else around in movie theaters that are still showing Glee 1048 How many of those are left about 560 WM here's a fact this is on Thursday You mentioned that you were considering something other than the best in yield to sell as a charitable fundraiser How about a more Howard David at pencil sharpener? I think this fraction's got a great idea here. I look up pencil up his ass to sharpen any systems like I'm getting raped to it. I demand a written apology on my desk in a morning just a thoughtful or a listener I think that's a great idea the more Howard David at pencil sharpening spink through back to them Don't you like it? I like took of course. No, absolutely We're bonding with moe but things are looking kind of grim for him to wait at the for else talking and The way that the moth came in this morning kind of verified it for me that they would do anything but stand on their head And he didn't say that I said I want to say that he said it because then he'll get all the he'll get a phone call and he'll get all better shape with me Well, you know you're saying these things are the air and ordinarily I don't mind, but you know, moe's gonna all upset He would say mobile Here's a call from Hollywood hello Okay, they're a little bit different today though a little bit different why you're so much all so different to this mix it up mix and match Here's a call from Boker hello. Hey, good morning, you're yes, sir You know, I was channeled so for last week and I ran into Norma Kent's Radio show and the afternoon on Wednesday afternoon and the afternoon I thought he was on 18 on the morning No, they would have it a promotional thing or something was going on. Yeah, I think how do you press it? He had stand mayors on And he had a guy my name a jack or something Who used to follow you on some station? No, I never worked with anybody named Jack Jack hole Some guy hit it the number two rated show after you on some station There was they was staying major Okay, well, no, I'm a cantilever stand major and the southern guy Kind of rip away out here for about 20 minutes about what? Healing George Oh stealing George from what George is working for somebody else and close up them away. Oh the part time of that and then He was going on about how the other guy was a number two guy and he should have followed you and he should be making your money And it just was weird because normal to let him go on and Kind of like a bitter jealousy to me, you know, stand stand still hasn't paid me back to $2,000 that I loaned him about 100 years ago And as I came crying on my doorstep about how their mortgage payment was due and they couldn't make the payment and then like a couple weeks later It comes to me and says, oh well, I'm taking a whole family to Disney world really under a lot of stress You know, instead of paying me back to money They went off the Disney world for a busman's holiday for a weekend But that's okay, Stan you just run around ripping me in ass and Norma you can blow it out your ass Thanks for the air spy report. Yes I think normal Adam go on and on just for some ratings Just have someone to talk about Great ratings. He doesn't have any ratings. They showed us leaving show up in a rain day. He's got a zero point zero Have a great day pal quit the heaven-o-zacchonance. He's another talk radio chronic. Of course I mean, well, what do I care? See this this is part of the whole sin and how many times have I told you off the year? How much I despise that whole light bulb this old, you know, it's gone That it's finished hand and w's news light bulb Oh, you know, it had its place and had its day. You know, I did well. They make too much money in those days But nevertheless the maggots are off that thing, but I'm my god The Joyce Kaufman Norma can't the Mr. ego Alice right up all of that stuff. It's done. It's finished Finito nobody cares Stemming and Stanton majors not even on that level. He's a level below that whatever it is You know, buys his way on the year and and I don't wish you many bad luck I'm never gonna get my money back and that's okay. I don't need it But to flot it and somebody said just like the time he called a house when I was gonna go off to a vacation to Europe one time It says oh, I need to borrow your car my cars in the shop It calls me as a message for John on my machine there that he needs to borrow one of my corvettes for three or four days Needless to say he didn't get a return call And that was the other time when I gave him oh, that's right There was another situation where I wrote them some more money. I forget what I had that was and it was a call just before I was leaving on vacation at time Which you know me. I'm always leaving on vacation here a couple of weeks and oh, I need another small check before you leave There was a message on my answering machine. He needed another small check before I leave and the answer was no no He should be making my money else something I don't be grudge no matter what anybody else is making I don't be grudge of anything More power to you now the jocks that's a different story. He's still stupid ball players But I could as I said to them, but you know something even there if somebody's dumb enough to give a A rod 25 many a year 14 if finishing the last place every year I'm gonna go ahead take it. I would take it if Greg we came into bar out said hey Neil just to show you how grateful We are the great job you've done the last six years. We're gonna help yourself. We're gonna give it 20 many a year. I say sure. I'll take it I don't think the checks would probably clear, but I'll you know, it sounds good. I'll take it But to be on the or whining and moany if that's true now this guy could have made that whole crap up. I don't know But if there was any doubt about the bubble head dials norm of the answer is absolute See this is this is norm of cancer idea A radio show he's only got one hour a day. He talks about me for an hour That that's his idea of a radio show. He's talking about me to try again to like siphon off It's a miracle that I'm still alive at this point in my craggy old age because I've had all these blood suckers Like try to siphon off part of my success. You know once I'm I toe ones in my Dingo burry they're all over the place trying to siphon off Well siphon is okay, Norma you jackass and don't call me anymore. I keep telling you stop calling here I put him right in the same league with rumour now although at least rumour finally got the message he don't call here no mo Unless it has to do with some legal Mentionations with his contract or with Greg Reed or with Beesley bro Unless it has to do with that don't call me no mo norm Okay to bring step is that beyond desperate to put Stan major on the year how many people do you think in a market? Have any idea who that is God Assuming that it's true in this guy didn't just make it up all the time. It's too ridiculous to be made up, you know, I believe it now I do too By the way, how come we're not getting a cuz I want to read the for a article about Kevin Bastiba I want to make sure everybody's in place and listening. I'll have to turn up real out Which TV talking head you prayed and never see again? All we got are the ones we put on their ant colder Nancy Grace glory all read we don't have any suggestions from this audience We have some of broad that calls to rip you and ask and acubes again Who don't want to tell us where she's calling from because they want litter in the Batavia? The first lady was okay the Toronto leave the side by each lady. She was kind of really She was a real pup. Remember while he pip on WCFL? No, no, no, how about Barney Pip? Here's for Lauderdale. Hello Don't make it action. Okay Just I can't get through the show in the morning, but just to show what Moe is like Yeah, he's been talking about his marriage all year How he loves to brave the right he's a brave stand right and now he's saying he wants to marlin's the win He's all the braves because the marlins are playing the Giants, but if the marlins beat the Giants and the braids beat the Cubs Then we'll find out who he really wants to win. There's no doubt. There's no question He's the biggest hypocrite. We know he was the biggest jet fan in New York and now he's just Pernsey, who now? Right I mean he's just for the sour and the paycheck and he doesn't even know that's right He's like a prostitute. He's a paid but all of us in broadcasting are like they were all a bunch of hours But I mean he doesn't work for the marlins You know the options like it's easy things to the greatest thing because he loves everything about him Yeah, well, he thinks it's politically correct. You know, I'm not that I'm sticking up for him Because I'd be the last thing to do on issue, but you know, don't just single him out because everybody in town I was a far running phone. He'd jump in on the bandwagon Every Friday, Gail Bean, him picked the games. Yeah, and you know, they're never gonna pick against the dolphins of the hurricane I mean it's just It's every game. They're gonna pick for those things Yeah, you can play this you know the best team in the history of the world Well, what team is that? There are no best teams in this. You're the less they end that's a one good thing They're safe doing it because they because the Hurcouans play all little girl schools number one and number two The NFL is so weak that the dolphins can I know any given way could I help those they all suck Can I make one mention on because I couldn't get through on your call with the sports announcers? Yeah, you did miss one person who's a very good friend of the show go ahead Yeah, but he's not a sports cat. Well, I mean if you want to include race cars I guess we could we didn't do that These probably the best of what he did Johnson and Tom Durkin the two best in history. I can't separate between the two but they're the two best And what was it? I put him side by each. What is it? Dan Kelly and have a great day 1057 at 560 QA and Deliranjatist mouthed up a horse acute Of I'm a cranky hom komen Not that I mine this but I'm way too old I thankfully he's got fear in bad It's a twist with feet learn my man friend in the day. I'll just make up with jitters someday. And then ask him to break my bun. Oh, there you know, but again. Though I would not feel the most old. No! And I would not be ashamed. About a ginger and more gay union. Just bold and mistroken away. Boy, make it be your night my kite. Just sound like a nine-year-old kid. Only a much old men die. Don't know. That makes me flip my wig. If ginger was a lover of mine. I'd bury my bow this rainy note. Inside is simply rerun. Let them know I would not be a sport-boat. No! If I was not a closet of faith. That's why a ginger and more gay union. Would make me feel jibby and gay. Everybody follow my dancing pool. Yeah, ginger and more gay union. That would make my sport-boat a-still space. If we had a ginger and more gay union. That wouldn't have to get me raped. All right. Let them know to it five, 60. WQM happy Monday to go Marlin. No! I don't really care. Sam, I got to pretend. I don't really care if they win or lose. I just think it's exciting for so far. That's something good to happen. That's all. I think it's exciting. Angel is with a team that is just kicking ass. Make it to the world series for the second year in a row. Did Giants? I like I said, almost get to the world series for the second year in a row. Did the Giants make it to the world series? No, Arizona made it to the world series, right? And one. What am I thinking about Scott? Arizona beat the Yankees two years ago. Our two years ago. Who did Giants play last year? They lost the California Angel. Tell me the Angel. The Ice Githa year. That's right. The Angel. California Angel. I'm a man of mine. That's right. Yes, gift that year. All the way. I do like the Angels. My problem is I like them back before they went. I had to begin and they stroked at the end. Remember? And they had to play the play off against the Ellen lost. Yeah. No, you know. That's not that long ago. And anyway, the Goa Giants. I mean, Goa Jo Angel. You notice on the promo, you got all Jo Angel calls on her and at Marlins promo. Which I think is pretty goddamn interesting. Since John Henry and the previous Ray G. He went through it him over big time. And then he went to San Francisco and a Giants had a couple of hours having a second consecutive giant year. Ice Gondio. There was a good guy. Got screwed over. Like usually happens in South Florida. The Quizlings, the Lemmings, the, you know, the Stan Major's of this world. Oh, that's hysterical. That's just unbelievable. People playing radio. I should write a book. Forget about all the rest of the night. I should write a book just about that part of it. People playing radio. People who really believe. Oh, I'm on the radio. I'm a broadcaster. I've got everybody in town is out there listening now. Listen to me. You hear me? No. Anybody listening? How many are listening now? Oh, come on. Normal. Where you cut the crap already. And by the way, the answer on a bottle head dial is absolutely no. Go away. Don't bother me. Don't call here. No, Mo. And don't start it. Can you imagine my, you know, if you're wondering with one little dog or cat or a weasel or whatever it is, my pay that would get money from a abandoned pet rescue so that I can try to bail this loser out with his charity. And I'm not saying center one doesn't do a lot of good work. We raised much money for that before they decided they were a bunch of jerks. But, you know, enough is enough. It's kind of like it's like a summing yourself in, right? To somebody else's life. You know, I'm talking about it. It's kind of like when murmur said to me, Oh, you should have put my money in my losses in with your claim. And I think with the matures, all the money we both lost in the stock market, you should have put mine in with yours. Kind of like saying, Oh, my money, your money is my money. You know, are you married? No, that he your wife. Yeah, we have a strong divorce. We had a real big big separation. Believe me. Who wears the pants in this family? Boy, put my money in with yours. My ass. My, whatever. That whole thing. Yeah, put your money in my ass. I'll save it. I'll wash it off. Put the bottom line with that whole thing about recovering the money you lost in the stock market. If I were to receive it, all these hot shot lawyers come along. Oh, we're going to, you know, get to your money back. And if you were screwed with all of text stocks, and then you come to find out the thing is, see, you're waiting wait for months and months. And I just got a whole bunch of communication here, such as song and a dance. It's not even worth it. You know, even for all that money that I lost, it's not even worth the aggravation. Because they never tended at in the beginning. You're going to have to like do it through all of this. You know, it's hard to, it's, it's craziness. It's insanity. So they just wear you down, you know, while you've got to send the 14 copies and respond to these 8,500 questions here, and, you know, screw it. Thanks a lot, remember. By the way, hope you and Mitch Hirsch have a nice life together. So anyway, here's the article. Do I have to have to have to read it here in the segment or not? Yes, you do. Do I? Yeah. Okay. Trust me. Kevin, backst your rights in a Miami-Herald today. About our close personal friend Scott Perrell. Are real suck peas? And well, the zir. Baaaaa. The savior of QAM. Radio host is loud, proud, and leading WDQM's morning charge in the ratings race. Now he ain't no stand major. I know that. Kevin backst your rights and boy, what a suck piece it is. Although he, you know, he puts a little negativity there to make it look balanced. The first thing you notice is the voice. It's a gravely rant about his soothing. It's fingernail scraping across a blackboard. And that's just a waste Scott for where I like it. While some sports radio shows work just fine. His background noise. Absolutely. Their cookie cutter host offering cookie cutter views in Dullsett tones as sweet as honey. Absolutely. For else, daily drive on WDQM, 560 AM, is a white knuckle rushed through morning drive. Time about his comforting is a Randy Johnson fastball under the chin. So he's got to get that in there with a baseball thing. Because Kevin backst your now is he's the radio guy, the sports guy, the baseball guy. A Randy Johnson plays a mean chin ball or something like that. I'm not trying to pee blank blank blank anybody offices for real. See they won't put the word piss in here in a Harold. I'm not trying to piss anybody off. I'm trying to get under their skin for reals. Who manages to do both. My show is never boring if you're boring no one listens. Absolutely. If you're not boring people listen. I'm listening. Why must that be boring then, right? Yeah. Hahaha. Oh. Oh look at this. It's 26,530 for abandoned pet rescue. We're creeping along. We'll get to do it to. I'm going to get to. We'll get to the top of your fraternity's man. I take it personal but I'm finding out that it's a tough year for charity. So if anybody tries to influence your liability raise money for abandoned pet rescue. I take it personally and I take it with great revulsion and it's et cetera. And people do listen to Ferrell Kevin Wright's. Whether he's promising not to have sex with Jennifer Capriotti. Talking about thunderstiction is underwear, or laughing uncontrollably for several minutes over the sound of a toilet flushing. People are listening. National public radio it's not. It's more like a fret party gone wildly or rye. Or a segment of MTV's spring break the senses must have missed. But then Ferrell doesn't really care about the wine and breed demographic. He's chasing the beer and brought worst crowd. And for the most part he's capturing them. Since they're viewing and I see here this next paragraph as much as I believe it. I'm positive of it. This is based only on wild speculation and whatever he was totally divided. Duff or by Ferrell are both. In a responsible newspaper would not put this in there. But nevertheless we're glad he did. Since they viewing in the A to 10 AM slot on WDQ and in May, Ferrell is nearly double the station's morning ratings among males 18 and older despite the fact that he shares the four hour morning block arbitrage with Howard David. Oh, what a shot that is. I first time I read it I realized what a shot that was. He's doubled the spite of that. These years in other words like saying he's got this gigantic handicap. This is an albatrosser about his neck. By the way, you're on a Ferrell only summer audience won't be available to late October. That's right. So we don't have any idea what the hour by hours. Maybe Moe has got the big numbers in it. Oh. The initial response has been that we had hoped to WQ and operations directed to Dufflands. He had so starting this station is on a major upswing. That's what the Muffmeister says. I'm so really correct. We're swinging it. But then there's the downside. If history is any indication it's only a matter of time before Ferrell was out as welcome. Everywhere he's worked and he's worked everywhere from Atlanta to Vegas to New York to Los Angeles Ferrell has proven enormously successful on the air and enormously self-destructive off it. In his 19 year radio queries been fired more times than a cannon, often for insulting his bosses in public. And though he mounts the appropriately apologetic language about youthfulness, discretion and lack of maturity, he also brags about being canned seven times from his first job at a college station in Bloomington, Indiana only to be rehired each time after the students protested. Everyone that is really great in radio has the potential to ruffle feathers. Lindsay says, we see the upside bit of in the downside. It's more like the glasses half full. He has a very unique quality of being a sports guy and being the upmost radio showman. He says, I'm going to kick his ass and then I'll steal his two pay. And at 38, see I'm never going to get through this whole story in the first. But that's good. Then I'll come back after the break and finish. Okay. Well, that's because we've been interjecting in and out. But that's good. You know, you want to play with it a little while. That's what I always say. You want to play with it a little while. I'm going to work. Work. Then you finish. Okay. Let me do the break and then we'll come back to the Kevin Vastor Masterpiece in a Herald this morning where he sucks for Relsan so hard that it's almost to live. It's a name with the Nero's Pritten. They'd it would definitely be illegal in Broward when the version. That's how hard he's looking at a rim job that even the rumors never seen. How's my two grand come and stand? You backstabbing phony. How do you like that? If I could recount that they would know she came to Lori. Is that's why I came to my house in tears? Oh, and the first thing we do, I promise you, I'll pay you this money. Back before I go there. I'm going to make sure you get your money back. I'm not going to pay you. I ever get a dime. No, a penny. A nickel penny from heaven. No. Penis from murmur? No. Even I even got the 13 bucks from lottery ticket from murmur. Never got a penny from Stan Major. But he'd like to borrow one of my corvettes because his cars in his shop. And then he goes down the road, Norma Ken. Two of my close personal friends. And now you understand why I don't want to see either one of many times soon. And just stands me and run out. I've got to made it up. I don't think so. Do you? No. I believe. Twelve minutes past eleven at five, sixty, WQA. And by the way, al-night put one toe on a ground. We're to please at least one toe would be good. Oh, little Brian Craig and al-night. Alice and chains. Nick Lawrence. Joyce Kaufman. Mark Shinebaum. It's delightful. It's the end to radio. It's radio for people who are in the ground yet. And a problem is that they all died. Sorry. Those people all died, Norma. Yeah, but everybody down town in the office buildings. Listen to my show week tonight every morning. Yeah, how many of those are there? About thirty minutes. The 2003 New Rogers blowout sale continues at Halle Patti at GMC. Get the lowest prices in town from town. Limit into your pay to all of your folks over there. All those go in and hall it. The LDL number one. Save up to $7,000 with the highest rebates of the year. Plus get deep discounts on all remaining 2003 models. Including the Yukon and the Onboy XL. The LDL number two. It's right in for you right now. Get zero percent financing for up to five years. And listen to this. You can lease a fully loaded 2004 Grand Prix GT for only 259 bucks a month for 36 months. With 12,000 miles a year and you pay only 2500 bucks out of pocket. Can't be that. Tom and Joan write you to test drive any vehicle on the lot and get two tickets. To this Thursday, October's the 2th Miami hurricane West Virginia game. Her aim supplies are limited. And of course, Alex also got a great selection certified pre-owned cars. If you've had credit problems with other dealers, you won't be a problem in Hallit because Even if you're marginally, even if you want to do one of the beeslies, they'll still cut your deal at Hallit Ponyet. It's the 2003 blowout sale going on right this moment in Hallit Ponyet, GMC. And you'll find them in the same great spot that they've been legendary for over 35 years. 134.01. Satfixie Highway that you us when across from the falls open every day. Seven days away. For more info on these hot Nieldeals called the LDL hotline. 1 Tribal 8 5344211. That's 1 Tribal 8 5344211. Don't forget, all Nieldeals have to decredit a provosty to folks in Hallit Ponyet. That's Hallit Ponyet, GMC, who proudly say, we are professional grade. My life and law. This is for 3.056. You way too way too way. And. Stand major. Now a newscard video. 610 WIOD. If you missed the last show, you missed this. Well then what the hell is your problem? Pain is in New York, tell us. When you do a show, I don't want to gain back. I just told you this. But will they who do you want? I think you want to. You want Allen Burke? I think you want joy or arrows? They want the hell do you want in the air, silence? If that all we have to do, you give me a name. But is that all we want? Is that all we have to do? Kind of content. Who you want, Dary, to the sick? I can't hear the next stand major show. This afternoon it too. A newscard video. 610 WIOD. 11. 17. At 5.60 WIOD. He was something money. I can't say that we're on the air. Anyway, and the 38 divorced him with a girlfriend. This by the way is the continuation of the column by Kevin Baxter. And here this morning I'm trying to save you the 50 cent. How much is it cost for the hero these days? 50 cent? A quarter? No. A quarter? A wooden note? It'll save you if you sent. And at 38 divorced him with a girlfriend for real promises he is mellowed before being rescued by WIOD. It spent nine months off the year following his dismissal from WIOD. WIOD was cast aside in the wake of the infamous OPEN ANTI scan. The GGA's broadcaster play by play. Of two listeners having sex at same Patrick's Cathedral. A ride. My reputation is overblown. I control myself for all apologizes. I'm not just despicable human being that those horrible things I've called bosses idiots and see, again, even the grammar in his article is crap. It's supposed to say an asshole and whatever else when they're wrong. But it's his AND asshole. But it doesn't say asshole, it just says a blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank box blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank blank He had rock stars her friends and was so well known a highway patrolman who pulled him over for speeding Lennon go after recognizing his trademark grasp. But he lost that job hours after signing on to do play by play for hockey's Atlanta thrashers in opportunity once called his dream job. The dream quickly became a nightmare however when for well proved that I have a limit himself to just calling the game frequently rushing off on tangents that had nothing to do with hockey. Even his former broadcast partner says he was out of control and at the end of the season he was out of a job as well. Out of control Scott. He eventually resurfaced in New York where he says he's so frightened and managed when he worked without a contract. Nine months later the station embarrassed us that that's a bad move for Raldon ever work at a contract in this business unless you're crazy. Nine months later the station embarrassed by the opian Anthony disaster dump the talk format completely and for Rald was swept out to do eventually coming to rest in Volca where he reeled against the radio gods. Oh god and waited for the phone to ring. Tom Taylor the radio trade journal emistry daily newsmavances for Raldon struggled because he hasn't found a station in a market that appreciates his offbeat style but he may have found that with WQA in Miami. He certainly possesses talent he's been like a ball player who's bounced among several teams looking for the right fit Taylor said he had a syndicate to get westward one and then later a morning job at WNW in New York and they just don't have those out like giveaways at the ballpark. Still it was for Raldon contact the station emailing WQM program director Josh Clarence Darrell I spring and promising him if he put him on a retreat for the station's ratings he forward a Florida Panthers 110 hockey games he has two panthevik trees to go to make good on that promise. Whatever that means do you understand with them? Well sure. The son of a concert pianist and former TV anchor man who worked in public relations for US steel for Raldon who says he was conceived on a snowy night on a bottle of scotch grew up in suburban Pittsburgh worshiping Howard Co. sell and driving his TV football teammates nuts by doing a running play by playing their games while he was playing them. I love doing this more than anyone I've ever met said for Raldon described himself as a surf bum. I live to do it. There's no two ways around this if I had my way I do it at these way. He lives to do the talk show. Have you believe that? No. No. Did you know anybody who lives to do a talk show? No. No. No. No. No. No. And when I don't do it do it on a mess there's nothing that gets me more often this he said everything gets him off score. Score. This is why two hours a day isn't enough for Raldon negotiating a syndicated political talk show deal with Colorado based. As I'm reading this too fast say this is the important here comes the crux. Here comes the the meat on the bone which is why two hours a day isn't enough. Right Kevin Pax. Do you got that guy? For Raldon negotiating a syndicated political talk show deal with Colorado based Jones media before he took the job with WQM and he still craved the national platform and audience that syndication would provide. And though he says all the right things about his goals it now here comes you scrap yourself in you ready? Okay. Here comes the piece of resistance right here. Take a deep breath. You took me holding it. Are you holding it? How about your breath? Although he says all the right things about his goals at WQM it's clear and see again this is a typo. It's it's the the hairls sucks. It's clear he'd love to push David off the air and have the five to ten a morning slot to himself. I'm getting pound yeah. Say that again. I'm getting pound thank you. You can't stop me for Raldon says I'm a runaway train I want to control it all. I'm not stupid. I'm creative. I'll get you what you want. I'll stop at nothing. I'll cut your throat to beat you. And the one thing we know he is not is stupid. Right. He just said that he's not stupid. Right here's not about feelings. It's not about friendship. This is a business is what he's saying. See, Moistza business and you're taking it personal. Ha ha. That's the problem. We're in business. I mean we can't carry you all bunch of 59 year old guys with crappy ratings and the suspended underwear. We can't handle that with a old T bag hanging down from their thing. Ha ha ha ha ha. Well, there's an old T bag. Even a lift in people are recognized. Radio is not about feelings cuts. It's not about friendship. This is a business. For it's part this station says it has ruled anything out yet. Here comes another say you have to read between the lines. Because you know our people when they're talking to the media. It's always like mum is the word. So they just can't leave her wide open. Like when Greg was, oh, Greg hasn't talked yet to his buddy. very jackass about a stony most contract under Duresse because he changed his time slot in violation of his contract and so they coerced him into a stony contract and made all sorts of demands and threats etc. so on so it is widely rumored around a building so it is widely rumored. For its part the station says it has ruled anything out yet. It's fair to say we like to see him succeed at what he's doing when he says we like to see the numbers come through radio and evolution so where the station goes down the line is all speculation says our operations manager. The flinzy which is like code for if we could blow him a lot of here tomorrow he'd be long gone. Blummo. If we could blow mo. He'd enjoy. Absolutely. Thank you very much. I appreciate that. That's no problem. I think that he has a definite role to play the says if he succeeds meaning for well we're going to be delighted but to speculate on where it goes in the future is anyone's call. At this point. There's the article by Kevin Baxter nice reading by the way Neil excellent. A couple of typos in there by the Harold people a couple of a bad grammatical errors and embarrassment and also that one paragraph about the 8 to 10 aims slot him doubling the numbers and men. Well you know we all believe that except for Mo. But I'm there there's absolutely no evidence to verify that at least not the 16th of October. Then when we all what's today today is the 29th. Yes. Well, what day do we call that a Thursday? Yes. Woo, woo, woo, woo. The 16th of October boys and girls of Thursday at 1 p.m. And that'll be the day that really we separate the men from the go. That'll be it. Wow. Although you know something I'm wrong. What? No, because that's the day that comes out. Right. We won't have the hour by like maybe two Monday. And I'll be until when Monday of the following week. So that'll be in your finance because I'll be gone. I'll be on vacation again. I'll report. And you'll think that it makes us be about our poll today. I didn't even bother voting on it because nobody's calling in any other names. And finally after your okay I'll vote for Anne Colter and I look there were 60 votes. Not there 95. We only have three names on it. That's pretty good. Maybe those are the only three we need. Which TV talking ahead do you pray? Never to see again 95 votes and Colter's got 71 of my hate to bitch. Oh. Everything about you. You're a post trauma you asked. Oh and I did have a Ruben sandwich on Friday. Remember I wasn't fired. Corn be the right. Yeah. Tender done. It was okay. Shouldn't have done it though. I can't be in stuff like that. Sure. And Colter's 71. Gloria Allred's 16 Nancy Grace 8 out of them the first 95 votes. And I'm sure there gotta be some other ones. And maybe they'll get a ride of calling men and maybe not. We really don't care because it's already almost 11 30. Yeah. Right. Right. We're having a good time. Just cram below to stuff here. Just a whole Schmidt load. By the way, Paul reveals most hated sports including dog fighting and golf to see an end. Let's say that's our way in there. Huh? They usually break out in the same place. I and the arts dices painted for settlement more than two dozen local molestation laws. So it's half a million dollars. They paid out so far. Imagine how many starving people and homeless people. How many old people who need prescription drugs. Gonna add them for that half a million dollars. And instead they gotta use all of the resources to pay for a bunch of pedophile priests. Shut up. Nice going, pops. Nice going father, old and your tool. 27 past 11 a QM. If you're one of those people out there, one of us fact people. Boy, it's a body. In fact, it's hard to walk. It's hard to get out of bed in the morning. When you're fat, you're not a good shape. Let's face it. You're sure to breath. You can't. You can't enjoy life. If you've tried all the other weight loss programs and you're still a fan slob. Here could be the answer you've been looking for. Be slust another pound. Other answer too, he's getting to be stealth. Balance for life is a working for the beast and it'll do even better for you because you'll stick on it and you'll be real happy on like him who's like a pampered little rich boy, you know. No cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no calorie counting, no carbohydrate counting. No figuring anything out because they do all of that for a balance for life based on the zone diet. And they deliver your food right here, door. The only thing you have to like ponder. It'll take you in a couple of minutes. It's for like your menu once a week. Balance for life is the only company in the universe. As you choose between two alternatives for each meal every day that you're on a program. Three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks made with fresh delicious goodies right in your little black sack, which they deliver right to you by six o'clock in the morning of your home. Your work where we're going to be hanging out. Believe you me, this isn't some drastic or crazy diet program or some wild kind of pill that won't do anything. So put your money in somebody else's pocket. This will really work for because it'll keep you full and satisfied. Plenty of food every day to keep you happy so you won't be cheating. So that balance for life finally helps you lose that weight and get you back in the shape. And avoid that diabetes too. Let me tell you right now, seriously. I've been diabetic for a long time. I didn't know fun. You can eat all of good stuff. You like no more. Call Balance for Life Today at 9-5-4-5-6-8-3-2-29. 9-5-4-5-6-8-3-2-29. Or check them out on the web if you like it. Balance for Life.com. We'll all know that you're a little bit more. We'll all know that you're a little bit more. We'll all know that you're a little bit more. We'll all know that you're a little bit more. We'll all know that you're a little bit more. We'll all know that you're a little bit more. We'll all know that you're a little bit more. We'll all know that you're a little bit more. We'll all know that you're a little bit more. Space are grateful that they aren't wasting their money feeding you. Now their heart and cash can go to something more important. Like a crackaw with eight kids, two trailers down from you. Spring of the footstand. True. The electronic monitoring device on your legs impossible to break off. But that won't stop you from spinning to the liquor store for a bottle of thunderbird and a carton of luggies. If there's a fence, you'll jump it. If there's a bike, you'll steal it. Just as long as you get back to the double wide when that damn thing starts to beat. So we salute you, Mr. House arrest guy. Your ankle bracelet, your parole officer, and your bullet. You are a real American asshole. Let the 32, look at that encoled as run away out of the first 117 votes. Which TV talking had you praying ever to see again? And quarter 90, Gloria all read 17 anti-racial 19. And most of the only names we got so far and we came up with those. Right. So what does that tell you? Tell you the audiences and I'll do it. That's okay, we don't mind. I can handle it. Anyway, Clarence sends us to me now. It says there'll be Marlon game watching parties. Uh. I see this is from a Bill Herman at the Don Shula hotel. It's a copy. Rather than sending me a memo. You know what I mean? Like we do like some because that way to take a like about 30 seconds. Yeah, little effort. About 30 minutes. He sends me copies me this email that he's got from the guy over at the Don Shula hotel, which we love of course since he's been a lot of money with us. About the Marlon game watching parties. Josh's for our conversation. Can you please have the on the air person out? He's promote the following. Well, he'd be delighted to Bill. I wonder if that's Billy Herman to your harness racing driver. No. Oh, he's dead. Did he die? Everyone else is. Oh, and don't let me forget about that. Here it's 11 30 already. I haven't even mentioned. They're dying like flies, man. Oh man. Over the weekend. Eliacazane. You are. I'm sorry. Eliacazane. I'm sorry. Wait a minute. Don't a low counter. Which this audience don't know. Don't a low counter from Carol O'Connor. Who? Uh, and who's the other one? I'll see you again. I'll see you again. I'll see you again. All right. And was there somebody else? That's enough. Before the, it just, in the last two months, just stop and think about all the very famous people who've cropped in the last couple of months. It's like a tidal wave of death. Kind of like what's happening in Iraq. A tidal wave of death. It doesn't go in on there. Marlon's game watching parties at Shula Stakehouse. Two of the and Wednesday at 4 p.m. at Shula Stake 2. Special appearances by Billidum Arlin and Marlon Mermaid. There will be interactive pitching games. If you're a pitcher or a catcher, probably normal will show up for that. Where your Marlon colors and root your Marlon's to victory. I should probably be putting some of that hairy stuff on too. Because I don't think we have any cover spans left. It became unfashionable. And of course when Harry died, that's when I didn't care anymore. Get it Harry. Harry. Help you. Help you. See, there's like a real Harry there in the knee. I'm a cop then. Make believe here. I know, Bob, man. I trust you, Art. Did you meet that guy? Because I met him. Disney introduced me to that guy. And I should see him. Right there in the Murphy's Bleacher with the... No, I don't mean the real Harry carry the guy. Oh, the fake one. The fake one came in. That was my one trip. That was my 23 hours in Chicago trip. First ones were deal Rogers. Yeah. That really, that was my asshole little bit. Because you have caught one. That's right. Same guy, I think. He just took the glasses off and he became the other guy. So anyway, there's a Marlon. I'll upload that a few times for a good friend. Bill over there. Chula's steak too. No problem. Let's see. Harry. Ha ha ha ha. Please though chance. Nice to meet you. My nomination doesn't fit your criteria. I know he isn't a news mediahumble. Was there Harry fly shirt? Is that fit our thing? No. Because he was a government spokesman. See, government spokesman are not like talking hits. Now, he was making all around again now. Post the departure. Then we'd say, yeah, we're sick and tired of seeing his ass and his bald spot. Do we see him anymore? No. No. Probably too embarrassed. Let's see. John and Tammy and me and for what is it talking ahead? Oh, see. You can say, you know what our polls are simple. They don't get it. Now that's a little bit complicated. A talking hit is somebody who's like a guest on the TV. Like on the CNN and MSNBC and Fox and CNN and all those other in face donation and face the wall and grab it and meet the press. By the way, here Wesley Clark was great. I meet the press. If you saw me to press with Wesley Clark, then you'd know that I would know. And Tim Russell went at the Irish Red that Ruddy complexion. I wonder if he's the Mr. Ruddy. Did Ruddy from a network? You think? No. Why is it talking ahead? So there's your answer, John. It's somebody who's like a chronic guest who's on all the time. Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck. Either plug in their book or whatever. Yeah, but there's always on there. I thought it was like David Byrd and Tina Waymouth. 121 votes and Colors got 76% 92 and they don't want to see you know, Molda, H.E.R.A.S. Okay. And resty it too, they're not too crazy about it. They're disgusted and nauseated. Go, Marlin. That's all jump on the bad wagon. We love the Marlin. How come I'll watch how so-called or once again shows it's true, Fony Colors. Gotta be the most funny, baloney sports style. Atlanta's are right in there too. They don't support the brave. They're spoiled. They're winning them division every year. They're going to get an amazing score. And they have thousands of empty seats, even if they play off games. What do you think they're going to sell off the play off game Scott? What's that? And my going a little bit too fast for you, Scott. Sure. Oh, anybody there's an in Shen Scott, Juni shouting. He got to meet this son. My private relationship. Do you think that they're going to sell out the playoff games against the giants at P.P. Stadium right down the road there. No. Really? Yep. Scott Jr. predicts that Marlins will not be selling out those games. If that's the case, I'm taking me a vacation in October. I'm telling you that right now I'm going to take some time off. If they do sell them out, I'm still taking the- I can't believe it. I can't believe that the book is coming out October 16. Look on a calendar, George. Looked up that page back there, so George can see the calendar in October. Okay. See that? Yeah. And it's part of my psychic powers again. I never looked up to see what day the numbers are coming out. But I'll be there because South Florida depends on old Neil on Crest Neil. See the good news is I got the hump around as long as thanks around. He's a good man so that I am. We'll see never talks about his age, but we do because he- I don't think he really cares, do. I think if we talk about the hate- Wait. Huh? I haven't care about their age in weight. Yeah, only veins, silly or women care about their age and lie about it. A real man doesn't lie about his age until people in the media that he's in his mid- mid-50s when it turns out he's pushing 60 and in June of this past year was 59. Almost as much of an old fart as me. And like I said, thanks a few months older than me. But one thing that Hank and I both have, more that you don't, is numbers. Is an audience. Oh, listeners. Oh, plus most of the people in the building like us. But at least some. See that, and I'll take part of the credit for that too, as long as I'm patting myself on the back. Jesus, I gotta be like an acrobat. Look at that, with both hands and pen myself. I'll get your stick. Oh, yeah. Hands on the stick. For rehabbing Hank, because Hank had become a really surly- crusty old fart in his first couple of years of QM before I came along. And it's easy. After we worked there about what? Three days? Yeah. We can understand why? No, certainly because of Philis and Skrewan and all the lying in the Greg Reed business. And to be, and Hank had become really, almost out of control over the line. Certainly. And I kind of like ripped him and asked on the year one day. And since then, he's like taking a whole different attitude about he's got the knee or Rogers outlook just like the mad dog does now. So three of us against the world. More payless work, you know, and Skrew all the rest. That's our attitude, right? All right. You got it. Now, George would like that. He's got that attitude too, except for the more money part. Yeah, I'm still working on just pay and work. And Scott Junior there. Well, what puts her? He will put her as he is teaming talking at, he's not a teaming talking at, he don't get it. That's why we're not getting any responses. Does they don't understand what that means? Jesus God, are they stupid or what? Oh, God, God, God, God, God, God, God. There, we are supposed to be in the O560. You, A.M. It's been short. You will now. Introducing you no f*** laundry detergent with scumguard. Let's face it. Human bodily fluids of a toughest stains to remove from valuable undergarments. Whether it's not, but f***ing secretions, blood, even c***ing. No f***ing tax fees, tough stains with patented scumguard for a deep down clean. Trying to know f***ing today, and if you're not completely satisfied, we'll double your money back. No f***ing, no f***ing. Whist scumguard. It's 1144 at 560 WQA. A lot of calls on there. I have no idea why. Or maybe they want to know what a talking hit is. Here's North Miami Beach, hello. Oh my god, you took a call. How do you like that? Hey Neil. I've been rambling today. My goodness, you're on a roll. Anyway, um, I was out of town this weekend. Why water rapsing? And I missed your rock band pull. Yeah. You forgot one of our favorite bands in the world, Neil. And who's that? The blood on gang. Oh yeah, that's right. That would have been good. Dude, they're the best. I actually smoke cash with them and Amsterdam. But um, Well, let's do it. I mean baby doing it like in Wisconsin. And please don't tell anyone that I am the cousin. Okay. We'd sing a Jimmy Pop. He actually gave me my first shot of Yagermaster. So we're all right. I got real close. Oh right. What's his name Jimmy Poppy? Jimmy Pop. Oh Jimmy Pop. Yeah. He gave you a pop? Yeah. I was, I was somewhere there. I saw a place called Mose Grill. And all I could think about was no Momeo. I think it's a Momeo. Yeah. Anyway, I got a solution to your band. No. Yeah. See, I got it all here, man. Well, you want it? We got it. Um, you see, uh, oh yeah, tell Miguel he needs to do so. A lot of the heat needs to do closer band hits more and more local. Post it or what? Like, like, both of the station, I'll tell you what do you stuff right here. No, no, no, no, no. What are you laughing about? Post it with the station. Jim, make a town there. We don't have any audience in that the neck of the woods. I'm over there in North Miami. Yeah, vine draws. We know that. And I want you to set it to good point. Maybe we can make a two for wild package deal. Heck yeah, drugs and stuff for the benefit rescue. A. Um, seriously, send them over to heaven. Sure, sir. I'm not fine if you should get lots of money. At least for me. Okay, no, you got it. Okay, there you go. Send Miguel over to North Miami Beach. We do have a van head coming up this Thursday and every Thursday during our October. I believe is not what you told me. What is that? Is that what Miguel promised us all of he does lie on it? Is he under direct? I think it's Dorrine's Duresse. 26,530 is our total for men and per rescue ends of this morning. The next van hit with our QM merchandise with the best of meal stuff and in more hard day than a keychain. The two man his keychains as they were made. Oh, right. Will be with Joe Costello. This Thursday the second and noon. Well, how come we keep sending Joe off there? Because it's pretty obvious. They don't want to see him. I mean, Joseph, great guy, but they just don't like him. Anyway, this Thursday. Huh? Well, I must be somebody's name ever go. I mean, George raised 20 bucks in Bill Siles. That was your record. Just to sound you guy and new low. I think that was just the tip for bringing the sail, which is probably that was that maybe he's just giving it to him and delivering him senses. Joe Costello this Thursday the second and noon. I read a Yamaha 3671 North Thicks, you highway and Pompano Beach. Are there any white people living that neighborhood? Oh, Pompano Beach. Oh, Pompano Beach. Yeah. I mean, I know you crossed the railroad tracks there, but the car says, I hit the old Hershey highway myself. Information available on our website on eawardgers.com. If you didn't get this, this Thursday the only problem is it doesn't have any time. See? I don't want to start picking on Miguel, but it doesn't have any time when he's going to be there. Oh, I had no. Yes, it does. My bad. At noon. And I'm assuming he'll be there as long as people keep showing up with some cash. So tough here to try to raise money for charity boys and girls. So please help us out. You're helping out a band of perist who it's a great charity and helping out in little toys and cans and toys and stuff. So what do those bubble heads come out? Come out. Come out of Norma cans. That's where he's going to have to pull him from. I'm going to hear that. Well, you think you can sell 2,500? I mean, when he said that, I just about dropped the instrument right on the floor in the phone too. Like, well, let me put my hands to my head here like a crescan. You know, like the famous whatever it was, Fag. And let me see if I can figure out. Oh, yeah, 2633 is the number you're going to sell Norma. Well, what is that? Do I think they're going to sell 2,500? Like if they sold about 10 of them, then he can turn around and blame me. What do you told me? You thought you could do it. If you would have just been more enthusiastic about it on the air and taken away from all the time, you're playing another damn thing. The answer norm very succinctly. A very easy word with some people understand. Not as many as need to, but the answer is, no. Nay, nine, ten. And you can sell about ten. Get out of my life, Norma. Okay, you make me miserable. I hear the sound of his voice. And it's always, I'm sure you must know people that when they call you, they always sound like down. You know what I mean? And just from the sound of your voice, you assume it's something like the end of the world. Like something really negative is coming. And it's just, it isn't anything special. It's just they always have that negative sound. You know what I mean? No, I gotta say I don't have anyone like that in my life. Walk in the room, you're home, Norma. Or maybe he just really a part of her understands that I get really nauseous. I get physically ill when I hear the sound of his voice. Maybe he understands that. Just don't bother me, Norma. Okay. Wonderful job. All your legal stick to being a lawyer. Okay. And quit all the Southern Bullcraft with your ball playing stuff and your charity stuff. Just go away. Maybe OJ will come help raise you some money. There's an answer right idea. How about some OJ Bobblehead dolls? They'll be big. I guarantee to be bigger than most. Absolutely. All men. Miami Arts dice. I better take some calls before you tell these stories. I got a lot of bedtime stories. It's like, does he roll over again? Here's Pompano. Hello. You're high there. Yes sir. Okay. I have an efficient for your list. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Laura Ingram. You know, excellent. Another right wing bitch. I have one guy too. I don't know if you qualify but George Will, he's on everything and who can listen to him anymore. Yeah, but he's he's a talking head. I mean, Laura Ingram to me. She even worse than Han Kolkah. Yeah. She got his apologies. She's called her. She's just flat the side of her head with a baseball bat. She's got this new book out called something about stop talking start signing. You know, again hiding behind the national hands. Well, once you got to start doing that. Thanks a lot. Good one. Thank you. You too. There's a good one. You know who that is. Yep. And you'll notice that most of the names I'm glad he gave George Will because we got to put some men on there, at least a little bit. But let's see. Joe Scarborough. Now see these are there's a difference between somebody who's an actual host. As of not just these people. Joe Scarborough, Michael Savinger, they can't him. The name they were just mid-canned in a long time ago. No. Everyone on Fox News and it's got the X in the shape of a swastika. Very good artwork. Not to be confused with actual journalism and you are. Absolutely correct. But we can't put those people on us. They're not talking heads. They're like hosts or whatever. See, there's a difference. There's a difference between somebody who's got like a regular show. See, if I would have just said, who do you pray you'll never see on TV again? Anytime soon. Like in the next hundred years. See, but that's not the question. Because then then we could add a list of what are going on on and on and on. Right? Oh, hey. Oh, so that's why I should have worded it. No, I don't want to do that. That's easy. Man, it's slim pickins. It's easy. It's like saying like, what's your favorite group of them? The Beatles and the Dores? And the stones? It's up with. And yeah, we should let bloodseptch life. What do you think? What do you think about what it changes other hundred and fifty five? Whatever. Oh, it's so important. It is important, man. Don't be denigrating our polls. Our polls are like the meat and potatoes now. Earthshaking. Right? World bending. Can't you feel it? I can feel it all the way up here in Toronto. I can feel it all the way up here. Well, now must be people getting nervous because they hockey scenes going to start on October 11 and at least they're going to suck big time. Man, are they pathetic or what? You got Ken Clay and Brian Marchman. Huh? You can write it on a piece of parchment that they got old Brian Marchman. And I do mean old Ken Clay and other old the hack. At least they got rid of Johnny Hoven. Now, what does that one it's got like all those are questioned. I see. It says Cleveland on there and he has never got on the whole yet. Here we pencil a thing. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you doing? Pretty good. Love you, show. Listen to it every day online. All right. Yeah. You got to have a nice luckwing bitch to go with the right wing bitches. How about Susan estrogen estrogen? Oh yeah. She greets me on a very boy. To my stomach. There's something about just the way she talks. She's always spinning when she talks. Yeah. That sounds like she smoked three packs of cigarettes every time she comes on. On the TV. Yeah. She couldn't hear for a while. Run for his money. Good choice. Thank you. All right. Good choice. Good choice. You got it. You got it. You got it. As an ostrich. Only. A ostrich. As a ostrich. You know the CH which kind of reminds you like you might mention my name. The right class of courage. Only she's a jubit. Susan. Bitch. 560560 pound. 560 on the AT&T. Verizon wireless line. We got the one we just doubled our total anyway. We started with three names. Okay. To this rate. But the end of the show. We might have about a dozen. Here's my any, hello. Okay. Sir. Hey. I have to talk to you. We're for a poor part. I don't know. Okay. I'm going to stand there. I've not been talking from the place. No. Not talking head. She's head of a. Go ahead. And what about Johnny talking? Yeah. for a couple minutes to think that his name is really grec. Wouldn't you be like him bare ass, especially to be Jewish and your name is grec. Although it is Jewish and packaging. Huh? No. You would be ashamed to be Jewish. No, I'd be proud. I'd wear a high big as a hot cap. Happy New Year by the way, George and Scott got a couple of glam in there. Happy New Year to you too. Yeah, I don't sound great. Speaking of everyone's soon enough for me. So when you get to be an old fart like this, you know, like try to like your whiny years by real fast. In fact, I'm going to redo the counter. This is the year 16, I think. Very check S8. You know what the S8 stands for, E.C.K. Very check. He's a full of direct. Man, he's another walking at franticimitism. We got to do that polling on what these days soon, you know? Which one of these people is the biggest walking at franticimitism? Jerry Seinfeld, Joe Lieberman. We did that not that long. They're in the friend's treasure. Yeah, the Nanny. Ooh. Very check with that huge nose. Speaking of stereotypes and lawyers and whatnot, what's the guy at the cowboy lawyer? Spend some of his pencils. And Jerry Spence. That's what the G by the way, Jerry G. Or RY. Jerry Spence. Got it. Yeah, he's what the hell was he on at one time? And over whenever, how can about the check? Chan County was gone on back to an election. Nice bullot, I Jerry. And he doesn't say anything. And then I went out and bought his O.J. book a couple of years ago after everybody else had written an O.J. book. And I read about how many of them got third man. And he didn't say goddamn thing. I read the whole thing from cover to cover. Didn't say anything. And I thought to myself, what a freaking waste of eyesight. Sounds like a good lawsuit to me. Four minutes to loom, we got oh that's George Wozgah. One already. But he just like baseball. He's a cubs fan. That's one reason we ought to be really lamenting the fact that comes on the division. Just to piss off George Will. We hate you, George. OK. You're right. We're in little Weasel. That that's what he is. He's a freaking little Weasel is what he is. Laura and Grum. And these other names will go on there. Momentarily as soon as Eric puts down his post-traummy sounds. Oh my God. No. This is sports wedding in five six six. You way am. Oh, this is Pope John Paul. And then if he asked me, they only think more fun than playing Grum, as with a Swiss guy, is the Neil Rogers 12 to one hour. Come. I was standing there one day. Not thinking I would die. From being able to make the decision. I should ever keep being Donald. A big necklace that trapped his side. My bowels. I don't know how to. How can you die from the fact that Paul's. You're that these little doctors in. Now my heart stopped. You're smart to sign up for my intestines. I guess I should have known what to expect. Did they in my amin? Which the kind-up service you've been in this town. I would have to leave tomorrow. Here, I didn't need that crown. I swallow. Why get you left me so you can ask? Why can't you lose us? Get it right. Five bowels were blocked. Inside my heart, he can't make my church go out. He can't make my church go out. He can't make my church go out. There's drop and like flies, I'm telling you. Twelve-two-five-six. I would say that the last one he died more a few months ago. Right? Maybe three. Right. So I would say that like the last six months has been the worst. Celebrity deaths. Right. You know I mean what? Absolutely. God. Anyway, speaking of good-golly Miss Molly, this Paul and Calo Colifornia is enough to make you crap your pantaloonies. The new Paul CNN USA today, Galapore, least yesterday. 63% now say they vote yes on a recolored governor Davis and only 35% said, NOPE! Now, but in a separate vote to choose to be placement, Arnold Schwarzenegger was the choice of 40% of respondents. Hello. Once again, we're on the verge of the Republican Party, subverting the world of the elect. We're just like they didn't 2000 of the presidential election in Florida, and now they're going to do the same thing in California. Democratic Lieutenant Governor Cruz Boosted the money who's got the personality of a fruit fly was the choice of 25% of the voters pulled. Republican State Senator Tom McClintock received 18%. Green Party candidate Peter Kameho 5% and Arianna Huffing and puffing did with 2%. How do you like that? It says if the Paul is an indication of what will happen in the October 7 election, Schwarzenegger could win even if his remaining major Republican rival Bill McClintock stays in a race. Tom, whatever his name is Tom. Unfreaking believable. The idea, let's see, Schwarzenegger and Davis have been invited to baton CNN's Lurik King Live. Davis did ever try to formally challenge the him to debate Friday accepted. The Schwarzenegger campaign declined. Why should we debate when all we have to say is, ask the obvious that baby. Ask the LA Times had a great editorial yesterday, which I didn't print out. And he talked about the idiotic, you know, he couldn't do a little bit burdeness. All day, it's time to terminate the governor. I still have eased that baby. And the public says, yeah, that's our good. Yeah. Wow, unfricing believable. So in other words, if the Republican's lose election, what they'll do is they'll get some right wing or a lot of money to put up a couple of million dollars or more. And then they'll have it get all those signatures on the politicians. And we'll have another vote. We'll put, guess who they want to run now to Republicans? I give up somebody who thinks that he's very funny and Monday and football thought he was very funny too. Let's Miller. Oh, good. How could you guess that? See, how Scott, how Scott he has sharp. Ha ha ha ha ha. Ha ha ha ha. That was the thing that came to my head, as soon as you said that one hit. And he says, in the LA times Arnold Schwarzenegger, maybe delay celebrity of Transmsa, transform himself into a candidate for a California office. But if some Republican political operators have their way, he won't be the last. The comedian Dennis Miller, who's about as funny as cancer of the toenail, is being talked about apparently seriously as they were Republican candidates for a statewide post. They're going to get all the right wingers out there, man. Too bad the dupe died, you know what? God. Yeah. How about Chuck Hesnan? I was just thinking. I probably forget to vote. He's got a couple years left in him. No more. No. He's got Michael Morris foot in him. Yeah. Deep inside his back home ass. The comedian is being talked about apparently seriously through Republican strategists interview this past week of say they want to draft Miller into politics. One a prominent Republican operative and Schwarzenegger A, who spoke on the condition of anonymity, said that once the recolation is over he plans to recruit Miller to challenge Barbara Boxer for the US Senate seat next year. Has he got any chance? No. That's when I'm pretty confident about no chance. But Arnold, see, I mean Dennis Miller is a lightweight. He's a simple dude. He's not even really all that popular. Especially after that debacle in Monday night football when he had a blow his hands out. You see that? I saw it. And forward with a big bicycle pump. Miami arts dice. He settles the abuse case. They paid its first settlement in more than two dozen local molestation lawsuits. He filed since the Roman Catholic Church of U.S. Candlebroke last year, social CNN. The church paid a half a million dollars to resolve the case of a teenager who accused a priest of molesting it and nursing home. The boy who was 11 at the time accused the Reverend Trevor Smith, a fondling him four years ago during visits to the boys Ailing grandmother, at the Villa Marie and nursing and rehab center in North Miami. Smith is denied the allegations. Church officials in the statement admitted no negligence in the case. Based on the advice of our legal counsel and factory in the cost of protracted litigation, the arts dice he's decided to resolve this matter without further litigation. So now this he said I didn't do it, but here's a half a million dollars. The public, the Michael Jackson thing, right? He never molested those kids, but here's a few million just to get the nuisance out of my posts. The case was the first involving the Miami arts dice. He's to be settled with another confidentiality agreement that it would get previous cases out of court and out of the public record. The openness is important for the victims because they're standing up not only for themselves, but on behalf of other victims as well. Also the boys attorney Jeffrey Herman, the relation to Bill Herman or Billy Herman, a great harness racing driver. I think it's still alive. Smith 66 we've hired an April 2002 after serving in various South Florida perishes in Catholic nursing homes. Hey father, how you doing father? Nursing? Is he nursing it? At home. Yeah. Father. He's helping all the boys. I'm a Catholic. No. No. Can't do it father. 560 50 50 60 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Now the pull started to take a little shape and they can't touch us. We are cheese down the road. 178 votes and quarters got 125 with her corn beat snatch. Gloria Allred 24 Nancy Grace 14 Johnny Cochran 70 just went on there. How do you like that? And Johnny's Cochran's already got seven. George Will for Susan Estridge won't. He's got two. Very chic. Full of drag. He's got a pair. Jerry spent every's got one. Do you respect what? Laura Englmano have any yet? I think they got the hospital at bitch. She's actually not. I'm like Anne who looks like. It's like Miss Twigie on a bad day. Before breakfast. But Laura Englmano is actually like although we see when you know what she's going to say. No, she's all about it. It's hard to look at her. Especially for me, for an old bag like me. And finally, it's been attractive. Right? You got the John Dostye. And Anne Coder on the other hand just has the John Dostye part. In her eye. Here's a lady in Highly. Hello. Hi Neil. Hi. Are you doing? I'm doing great. May I have to check someone for your co-locate. You sure, man? Post-days old trip. Baby you can't. Oh yeah. She is unreal. I can't even stay until look at her. I'll put her down even though she does occasionally fill in for pet on a MSNBC. So it's she's a host. But she's also talking at on the. She's a gang. And she's all the time. Yeah. Damn. They're. They're quite. She passed Pat like he was standing still on the road to the far right. Yep. Feel better. Oh, five. What's her first name? They. They rhymes with gay. They, if you can, as an B.A. Y. Bay. Right. As in sitting on the.gov. Don't put down gay because then she'll take great. Umbridge with that. Remember, umbridge? Two. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. Pound five, sixty on the AT&T. Don't forget we got the big. Marlon watching parties. We've had a ton of calls about the Marlon's today. No. No. No. We did have that one way to you call. The bitch who was a right doing the anti-spic commentary. And then also a lot of calls about this. Scott for a lot of call in the Harold nothing. Zero. I think we should. Somebody should be saying something about that. You think. But unless we do it in the form of a pool, for example, if we did on a pool, Hey, like in the first hour and we just said, Who would you like to have on between five and eight A.M. On Q.A.M. Mohour David with guilty or for rail extends to five to ten like the articles So just he's Johnson and do or something else, you know, like that air. Or like we don't care. We wouldn't listen anywhere, which is always one of them. Something really negative, which is very popular in South Florida. The more negative, the better. Oh, but near you're so negative. Yeah. So successful in South Florida. I know my people. I know my territory is Danny Gallivan would say if he was still alive. Remember Danny Gallivan? No. Great voice to the Montreal Canadians. Yeah. I would throw it. He's say territory like a very string. He didn't say side by each though. Isn't this funny how the lady picked up on it? She was I think she was a little bit up tight about this. She was a sensitive of who that. Yeah. Like I started to say, a boot that. But you were busy emoting. I'm definitely getting the sore throat. I'm just I'm just telling you this so you can emotionally and mentally prepare for the fact that you might be getting a call in the morning. Don't do it. Yes. I'm like fighting it all. I've had some cough drops. If I had like some um. Well, there's a million some. No, no. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha. Yeah. Put a bunch of prescription drugs in there too. I hear. It's not a critical lot. That's the ones I like. I don't like the cough drops so much. I like the spot. Yeah. That kind of yodewer running. Yeah. Yeah. I'm losing it now. I'm not making it. I'm making it. Five six seven. Oh, here's a call from Cleveland. It says hello. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. Reach show. Love the lift. I got a call with a Miami to get reasonable talk radio. Right. But how about Bernie Goldberg? Who he used to work for CBS News. Right. Who wrote that fan him book about the left wing bias in the media? Yeah. He's turned a pop up all over the places. He's been really. He had sucking off all the right wing fox and MSNBC show this terrible and actually had him in and quarter on the other last week on one of the shows. That was a nice one. Watching the ball back and forth. There was no real debate. Just absolutely horrible. Did you see him? I'm cold or live in Miami. Yes, he does. Oh, maybe she lets him hand. Stick it in your ass. Okay. Okay. Thanks, Bernie. Brunard Goldberg. You got it? Got it. No relationship to the humpback. I had Brunard Goldberg got my show on wins many, many years ago. Back when he still had religion before we decided to become a pawn of the far right and a group ball and a full aircraft guy. Remember Brunard Goldberg got you? Nope. 12 minutes past noon is 5.60 WQM. I think I'm getting a sore throat. I think I'm getting like a cold. Huh? Don't do it. I'll just. I'll just. I'll just make sounds. I'll pop like this. It's worse for a forl. Had a tremendous amount of response on his article in the hero that I read. I took a long time to read that thing. A lot of interesting stuff to come out about there. Any response? No. I'm just thinking out loud. You know me. Or it was in the harrels. Nobody saw it. No, but I read it. See, that was the idea because I know nobody would see it. Because nobody's speaking English. Read the hero. That's why I read it on the air. Assuming that it would stimulate and invigorate in enormous number of people. I don't like it with commenter. Nothing. Nothing. I'm usually as happened over these past 100 years that I've been on here in South Florida. Fuck, third man. Yeah, nothing. Hey, here's a place that's not nothing. It's something for dieters. Oh, that was that was beautiful. That was almost solid. What's the. You like to watch book a man if you're a dieter. If you're on the atkins, this. South Beach diet sugar buses or any of others. Here's a store that's entirely dedicated to you because everything in the store is in one of those categories. He'd a sugar free or low carb or all of these things. A visit to the lights of West Boca and your search for all of these great foods to keep you on your street in your opath. We'll be over over a thousand. Low carb products in this one great store like bagels and breads. Cheesecakes, muffins, brownies, chocolates, pasta, sauces, chips and dips, soups, ketchup's Carvalet ice cream, champion like Drinks and five delicious flavors. Walnut brownies by control car fraud you brownie hounds, something to like chocolate chip cookies. Crunchy pretzels by carb cents and lots more to. And if the lights of West Boca all the atkins products are on sale all day every day and you can try anything in the store before you buy it. The lights is open seven days a week from ten to ten you'll find among the northeast corner of Glades in 441. Next to Boston Market or Column at 1-877 low carb or Rhonda Webis low carb.com. And the best news of all is that Pete Lenny don't work in QA anymore so this isn't as account number which is why I'm so much more enthusiastic. The lights of West Boca is your official atkins retail centers. My local year sports video 566-UAM. Huh the real bill? Buffalo still hot. Oh! Question tell me what you think about me. I got the gold chains in the fresh white tea. I'm going to throw you on my cellion on feeling on me. And when it's all over I zip up and leave. Question if you think you're leaving now, Mr. Better thank twice because you ain't this missed. Look it you're getting self-apparent ice hips which means I can ride you like a tight panic shift. Yeah the top five my head may guy crease but the thugs that I wear. Hey cheap. You want a sweet memory honey? Hop in the bed with me. All you women this plenty of me. Show your body that may. All you women can't get enough from me. Show your undies that may. Hey for you honey I pay good money. Show your bright stare at me. Just don't hold it and I gave you dollars to hop in the bed there with me. From 18 to five 60 WQ I'm happy money too. I think I'm back in a week covered. Don't I so much better now? Oh 100 times. I don't know. It's like you run those real like Madonna would say borderline deals. You know we like have that little scratch and it could go as some people I know either way. T. Hot T. No. That's a myth. T. And do crap. T. Hot. Liquid is good for your throat. Is it really? Yes. Well, yeah you could substitute anything you want. I guess my afternoon is a spoken for now. J says after hearing the article from the hero would you can't deny the well-known paper with some credibility. All right J. What time is your show on? I've noticed the real purpose of the article. Overall this piece has nothing to do with Scott Robbott has everything to do with the Mom and how he's the cancer of QAM. Absolutely. There are many clear references that most should be kind violently in the editor. I don't think we have to can't. And violently. Mildly. Nicely. Can him lightly. Like in Monty Python. Just can't him lightly. Certain lines in the article like. Uh. For all those nearly double distations morning ratings and my mom meals 18-node or despite. And I see J evidently was listening early when I read the article. Although it says after hearing it, so he was listening. But did I emphasize that? Yes, you did. Did I say that was like a real real shot? Yeah. Despite the fact that he shares the four hour morning block arbitrage measures with how he'd David it. I mean anybody can see there's a real real shot. I'm saying it's part of the fact that he's got this heavy duty anchor around his leg. This the horrendous handicraft. He still was able to double the number. And then he's got the definition of the spite. Contention was defined through this regard. Spite or malice. Which is why two hours a day is enough. Another line total opinion statement by the hero. Well, Jay, it's not by the hero that's by Kevin Bastard who wrote this column. Obviously, as his headway of Scott's ass, which is fine. We like that. And probably hates more like poison. Thank you very much. I appreciate that. No problem. Have a good day. You too. Wondering if you agree or I'm just reading between the lines as Jay. It says I like for real, but it's funny that he's talking about syndication when only a few months ago he was out of a job and screw the Marlons as Jay. Well, if you want, I can't think of any that I would touch but nevertheless. Sean, facts as he says. And I don't know what this is. You didn't facts me the rest of this. You must be on one of those 80 page stories. Okay. About the Bohemian Grove group. This is all I got. But that's all you got. Sure. Well, good. Don't I shouldn't have said anything because it says, please. Please, upon my apologies for the numerous pages. Oh, maybe this is earlier. Yeah, I got a hundred page facts earlier that I threw right in the can. Good. Did you ever hear the Bohemian Grove group? No. Or is that grope? The Bohemian Grove group. I don't have any idea what you're talking about Sean. Have a nice life up there in the West Palm Beach. Place that's almost like under the verge of being a real place but isn't quite. And if you don't have like the right idea, they won't let you cross the bridge to Palm Beach. That's West Palm Beach. That's right. It was okay. Had it's moments had a good time there like 20 years ago, 1975. I'd wg and that was when I lost all of that weight. I was really spelled. Still pretty ugly though. Paul reveals most hated sports including dog fighting in golf. See, and I want to do this tomorrow. But I don't consider dog fighting a sport. Do you? Haha. See, we can do most most hated sports or game because golf is also not a sport. It's a game. Oh, should we get to the legal ones? Right. I mean, though, I dog fighting on here is kind of like a Bansby stupid. And I think, um, where's it? And now a Bammal is just seeing a news reporter something. Or Louisiana, one of those mudgones states were cock fighting as a legal. I mean, is legal. Yeah. You can actually do that in the red. Other than a highly aromine and sweet water, it's still illegal there. Don't stop them. No. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Hello, there. Yes, sir. I got something to show a throat. I got a throat. Yeah. Now, by my foot up your ass. You old cocker. I told you, don't put these old farts on there. Scott, he continues taking directions from Georgia once the sandbag was showed. The tea bag with the show. I don't want to talk to these old cockers. Okay, the guy's old enough to be Mose Grandpa. So Mose take him to the zoo. Like I said the other day, I would take him to the zoo, but they probably his Weasel would get lost in there and never come out again. Probably see all of his long lost relatives. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T line, which team he talking had you prayed to never see again. 207 votes. And colder 137. Gloria already 25. She had his cockering 18. Nancy Grace 14. George will 5. Barry Shrek won't 3. Susan Estrich to lower anger month. Jerry Spence 1. Baby of cannons go one and Bernie Goldberg don't have any yet. Especially on the Jewish New Year. Oh, I want to be taken shots. He's an asshole. I was studying as like this great journalist. He's just an asshole. So I'm. Oh, the liberal media. And then Eric Altman, of course, wrote the response to that. What liberal media, which was really a good book. He must be talking about like, you know, fuck. All of those people. Anyway, it's his popularity pulls come and go as the baseball playoffs begin. The NFL is boasting their one poll shows. It is more than twice as popular as the national pastime. Absolutely correct. No question about it. I watched part of the, uh, Patriots, Redskin game. Unfortunately, the last part when I was said, but then he rate. I watched him football yesterday. Did I watch any baseball? No, what I do watching to play on. No, I don't care about baseball. I'm not going to pretend just for the sick all the Marlon bandwagon jumpers. I just don't care. And it's not interesting. It's boring. And just like Scott said about talk radio. If you do a boring show, nobody's going to listen. If you're not boring, people will listen. Baseball is boring. I'm not saying that there aren't exciting games, you know, but when you play 162 games out of the area, you know, the old singer, if you throw in a crap obdier, someone come down hit the ground. That's baseball. I'm in 62 freaking game. Season goes on forever. It says for a deeper insight that the American psyche consider the sports that are low of the most. This is CNN, by the way, certainly not news. Number one on the list by far is dog fighting. Is that a sport? No. Hainted or disliked a lot by 81% of the public court who were pulled connected by the sports marketing group in Atlanta. See, they got upset in Atlanta when Ferrell was doing a game in Atlanta. Thrashes were losing 9-0 and one night. And he said some, ah, the thrashes are taking it up the butt tonight. That was the kind of thing that got that little bit upset, you know? Which I think is, uh, he was right on target. They were taking it up the butt. But I guess the national hockey league probably doesn't look kindly on, for example. I could imagine Bill Hugh would say, and the least are taking it up the butt tonight. In fact, that's not a little like Bill Hugh. You ever see him and Gellie together? Nope. See, Gellie, I was thinking about him this morning. You know what word defines Gellie the best? I give up. Torpe. It's like six feet tall. No, no, and Torpe doesn't have to be little. A little, a little torpe is a little torpe, like a little door. No, Torpe. He looks the part. He sounds the part. Oh, I kick a lot. Say. Torpe. I mean, that doesn't make him a bad guy necessarily. Of course, he's been put in that position by mold. Well, put him in like a kind of a between Iraq and a hard place. Number two is pro wrestling. Number three, bullfighting. There's more than Americans who haven't been to Spendemax score. We'd have him and we don't get never seen it. Apparently don't want. So far, all these things are either not sports or illegal or harassing. Or even American. Where the hell is it? Is there bullfighting in America? Oh, so this is stupid man. I will do our own tomorrow. I do a hell of a lot better in this crap. That's the thing that's a show. Right. It says more than half the nation can't stand the set of overmuscles. Show them and slam each other around the ring. Faker not. Then there's pro boxing. He likes that. That's good. That's great. There you go. Number four, loads by 31.3% of public need. We see more than Mike Tyson and Don King. Yeah. It's a smart me scummy violent pointless thing. Other than to beat the bash that brings to somebody. And it appeals to the same kind of thing that QAM appeals to. This make me more of a man kind of thing. You know what I mean? This masculine macho. Oh, did you see the fight? Every real man saw the fight in over the weekend. Who gives a crap? You know, then Scott. Another guy who like have very small penis and have like a inferiority complex about it. See, I have a very small penis, but I don't have an inferiority complex. One thing about being a fag. It doesn't really make all that much difference. How big your penis is. Unlike being head of a sexual where it makes a big part in the pun. A big difference. See? The three cars are popping a Viagra. Like crazy. Have you seen the Viagra spot? I'm sure he had where the guys are like jumping up in the ear. Jumping up and down. No. You haven't seen that? No. Oh, it's on all the time. They're jumping up in the ear. What guys? Hands apart. Come on. And you don't know what the spot is for. It's like they just want a lot of it for 50 minutes. And no, they're talking to just prescribed Viagra. Oh, yeah. You've then seen that spot? No. No. I see. 12, 27, at 5, 60, WQM. Hey, if you're trying to get it down, not up. Me talking about your weight. Balance for life is the answer for it. A lot of people out there getting great results with it. Everybody who's fat believe me. I'm trust me when I tell you I know from experience. As tried, just about every weight loss gimmick under the sun. This isn't a gimmick. It's not a fat. It really is based on the zone diet. All the principles they're up. And they prepare all the delicious fresh food for it. There's nothing frozen. Nothing artificial. No chemicals. No preservatives. No additives. No crap. And believe you me when you open your little black sac. You'll agree immediately. There's plenty of food in there to keep you. Full all day long. Keep you on a straight narrow path. You'll see results on the scale within just a matter of days like the beast. Somebody needs to slack him on the side of his bald head by the way. And get him really going. A pound of wake isn't going to be enough. Beast you fat tub. Three gourmet meals. Two delicious snacks are right in it. A little black second. A liver right to you. No matter how lazy you are, this is perfect. They deliver right to your door each and every morning. You pick your menu out. Between two choices for each meal. Every day you're facts in the menu. And that's exactly what you get. Like I said, there's plenty of food in it. You keep you satisfied to and be snacking and cheating all the time. Which is why most people fail on diets. So if you're tired of in with tharjig diabetic around a verge of an out of shape of fat pig. Here's the answer that you've been looking for. Balance for life. It's working for a lot of our people call them today. 9 5 4 5 6 8 32 29. What do you got to lose except that unhealthy fat? 9 5 4 5 6 8 32 29. Or visit them on a web. Balance for life. Come on. My wife and mom. This is for 256. You wait and wait. Yeah. This is like Stasio Bruno. Oh, great. What do you mean? Me, me, me. This is probably not. Who? It's a mistake. Who will do you think? Who will do you think? Who will do you think? And then the Lord said, Let there be life. And Lord, there was life. From the same people who brought you the much beloved talking Bible, comes a new 10 volume set brilliantly updated for the eighties. There's it's the wrapping Bible. There was dark everywhere in the man's head lying to life. Was there? He said, I've done good. There's no doubt on the seventh day. He just chilled out. Genesis beginning of that beginning of this. Finally the good work is back. And his word is, Check it out. There's a cow called Saga. And the woman. Everybody party like no tomorrow. Got a little down, say, Now my fault. Don't look back or you turn too slow. Let's wait until the beat. Start it to free. It count, can you mop and lift her? She takes a lift. Y'all. I'll put you in your arms. Imagine all the thongs. Every sacred difficulty word. Interpreted by the finest second ensue of all time. Genesis. Exodus. Do your right. The wrapping Bible. Making his word fresh. Okay. Here's what it says. You may not agree, but Katrina van den Houvell. For our list. Is that the chick from the donation? I don't know. Yeah. I never see her. I never see her. Okay, Brad. She's on her, man. Thanks, Brad. Whoever you are. For Katrina van den Houvell. I thought that she was very popular with this crowd. And when she went over other pools. Her name came up before. I don't remember what for. Something that you would like to nail to the wall and have a gang bang with somebody like that. I don't know what she looks like. She all the young. Don't know. Wouldn't it be great to like tie up Laura Ingram and end the colder. Just the 560 pound 560 on the AT&T. Oh, look at this. Well, we're really begging now. We're on our hands and he's and we're not going to be doing a bottle head doll for any other charities. We have one charity this year that I selected. And I'm very proud of it. And that's what we're working on. Okay. Exclusively here on New York. You're on QM. Maybe you get somebody else to work on that other thing for him, huh? Like. Oh, maybe like the big. So we like that. Maybe like Dave Galouli. This guy's name, the Galouli man. What's his name? Definitely from the Tonya. No, they kind of weekend. Oh, oh. The, uh, girl. They've got a girdle man. Yeah, they've girdle. The girdle man. Anybody ever anything so ridiculous? Oh, god. The girdle man. Only I'm QM because we've put somebody on here called the girdle man. What does he do for a living? Gurgles. Gurgles. Like that. Kind of like some of you used to do. Rest in peace. In addition for Thursday, first five people will stop by to get their best of meal merch and ice get a pair of tickets to see Alice Cooper on Friday to pump at a beach amphitheater. That's how we confuse with that throw-up there in West Palm. That's after the middle of an in-enimce. What? What? What do you think you just read? The pump at a beach amphitheater? Oh, the pump at a, I thought it was the same thing they call it an amphitheater. As a whole. Sorry. See, I had that in mind as I was reading this. I was looking ahead. See, I know that comes as revolutionary. But like when you're on the ear like this and you're reading, you like, you read ahead a little bit. You know, your eyes are scanning ahead. In addition for Thursday, the first five people will stop by to get their best meal merch and I'll just get a pair of tickets to see Alice Cooper on Friday to the top of the beach amphitheater. We don't pump at a beach home of pump at a park race track. Just that pump at a beach. What else is in pump at a beach? A lot of windmower? I thought it old people. Right. So we got 26, 5, 30 for abandoned pair rescue so far. I think in the next couple of days by the weekend, we should be like push in the 30,000 mark. We should have had a bad bird in there. Yeah. So if you think we're going to raise 100 this year, we'll do a bit. We will. We'll just keep it going until we do. That's a good idea. There's no deadline on this. We can keep going forever. Right. For months and months and months, when we get 100,000, I'll say, okay, now we'll take a rest for a day or two. Here's a call from beautiful crawl springs, hello. Yeah, when is George going to come out of closet? And about a week and a half. As soon as you hop in, he's coming out. It's already out. Here's for a lot of deal. Hello. Oh, Neil, how are you? I'm okay. Listen, I have an unusual proposal for you. Yeah. And I'm quite curious about it. Yeah, I'm sure. I can tell. I've got some other opportunities. You know, you didn't have one last year, but I give, you know, 100, 200 dollars, whatever. Yeah. And Gregory, though, he's talking a good game. If you can get me two sweet tickets, I'll pay a thousand dollars to Van and Bed Rescue. Plus the cost to those tickets. What does that mean? Two sweet tickets for one. A BQAM has a luxury box. Yeah. And if... For what event? For a dolphin game? For a maroon game? What's the difference? What's the difference? Specifically for the third game. Yeah. Of the giant, Marlons playoff game. Yeah. And I suppose you'd have to check with him. He's not the... He's that okay. But if you want a little more, I'll give him a little more. And he always wants a little more. Well, okay. Yeah. I think I could be my priority. Why don't you just write a check with $1 to Van and Bed Rescue sounds like good I did to me. 560, 050, 5060. I never, I don't play that game. I will not play that game. It's like people want to get at the rate. God. Commercial plugs in. Every time we do a charitable thing, we got a whole bunch of... Oh, well, let give 2% of our proceeds. If you, you know, give us a bunch of free plugs. Any answers? No. We would need a staff to accommodate all the hair-brained ideas that they put up with for us. Right. Do for them, for charity. If this guy really believes that's strong, he and wants to help that much, which I appreciate if that's the case. Well, great. Right on it, check $1,000 made to a band of Pet Rescue. I'll send it to us. You'll send it directly to them. And you'll be doing something really worthwhile. And you can have a smile on your face and go to bed at night knowing that you really did something worthwhile in your life. That would be great. For $5,000, they can sit on your lap while you do the show. No. That'll be next. All the kind of what they look like, and he certainly didn't qualify. By the way, I know this Miguel has got a lovely handwriting. Have you ever noticed that? I have a key. He's got handwriting. No, seriously, he has the key. He's lovely. Lovely. That's not what I said. Because I know we're gonna aggravate him. The fact he can do it, it's still chicken scratches. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no. I'm not being fesicious, I'm being serious. He's got a really good handwriting. Ah. Which is surprising for like an illegal alien like him. It looks like he wrote it with his feet. No, it does not. Oh, you're just jealous because he's got a really good handwriting. He's also people that have very good, very easy to read. Neat handwriting, and he does. He's got a lovely handwriting, and he's a lovely guy. I'm not going to get my own handwriting. Maybe coming any month now in a few months. Right? And he's he's wife or doing it on that lovely, a mattress and dollar my first. By the way, don't let me forget to mention that note that nice. Don't we had some Tommy this morning for our friends at dollar my first? Gotta take the high boy about that. No, see if I can get it on that deal. Yeah, no, see if Tommy had any brains which he doesn't otherwise he wouldn't do Walker when I look like that part of the time. If he had any brains which I love Tommy, but he would have come to you and said, would you intercede and you get involved with whoever you know over there? And then they would have given you a hell of a deal. Maybe that wouldn't even charge them. Okay? That's the way that dollar mattress takes care of my people as you know. And his Miguel knows. Oh. Where do you think Miguel made that new unwanted baby? I mean, in fact, probably where you made an unwanted baby. Well, let's put that in the spot. A lot of unwanted babies being created on dollar my first is all over the town. All over the America. And people were having a good time doing it. Not so happy with the option convention. What is he laughing about? Well, that's the first charge we had out of him in hours. Oh, he was so funny about that. Sometimes I don't have funny things. I see. He was just trying to envision this. No, because Miguel had a really sloppy crappy old mattress before and he and his lady friend used to keep. Slide enough on the floor all the time. Let me do it. Now that I know where it is. Let me do it. There you go. I love that. I never thought it was in mind. See, I always thought it was in years. I could kid with a new place. They're dropping like flies boys and girls. They're dying all over the goddamn place. Now, let's not just this. You know, those people that we had died over the weekend. We shouldn't just pass on by like that. Like it's not important. We should spend a little bit of time. Nobody's significant. Eliak Azan was not significant. Death of a salesman's T-car named desire on the waterfront. All right. Let's go watch the movies. Five of the place he staged one Pulitzer prizes for their authors. In Hollywood, he won Oscars for directing gentleman's agreement on the waterfront. He also did a treat rose in Brooklyn, film version of T-car named desire. East of Eden splinter in the grass to face the crowd in the last high cool. That's about Tiger Woods. And you're making fun of Eliak Azan. What would it make in front of him? Just now what Captain Marvel used to say, every time we wanted to fly. Azan used to put that cape on. He wrote about. Well, 41 at 5. 60 odd and I'm amin' cohere. That must be come on with a great. Oh, you don't. Yeah. I think maybe it's like, sorry. I think we're gonna have to go in quarantine next time I come back and tell him. For about a week, clear and two. I'm gonna have to go in a quarantine. 18 to 1 a kill. We got the man dog coming up into a clock. If you're working in a really crappy job, if your paycheck is an embarrassment, if you're going nowhere, if it's like you're on a treadmill with your life and you're just spin in your view. Here's the answer. Get you a high-pain career before the end of the year. Pick up that instrument right now and call Fast Train. We've been telling you about these people for a long time. What are you waiting for? Call 1-866 Fast Train. They can really, honestly, and truly have you trained and certified before years end. Because the demand for computer professionals will there's no end in sight. So there's no better time than right now to get you a new high-pain career and the big fat paycheck that goes along with it. Fast Train offers job placement assistance, convenient to eating weekend schedules, and with six lower locations, including four in South Florida, that's with an F. There's about to be one nearby you. Fast Train offers financial assistance for people to qualify as well. So call Fast Train today and get out of your dead end. Job no excuses for sitting on your ass anymore. Working for peanuts, get a real big income. Call 1-866 Fast Train. That's 1-866 Fast Train or check them on the web at FastTrain.com And watch the sports rail by 60. You and the new A.M. Oh! Raise your men. Who gave their chests? All right! Three-and-two mountain-facres. Three-and-a-nice. With burning pain. So they can be. We pour a day. With with place. A concert hall. Smooth-night-long lanes. And a sluddy dress. Rougant their cheeks. And body spray. Now they're ready to play. We pour a day. Aaaaaah! Something out of them. Inpies and crumps. You go holly. About the clothes. Oh! In the home. A petting lane. So they can feel. Like we pour a day. Meeting friends. At the capital rain. Or the duty garland. And happy. Yeah, okay. This pet-like fits. So family-fay. Holding on this day. We pour a day. And counter-five. A cross-words fan. Who says, hey baby. I want to be your best. We have the club. Let me hold you play. It's a day to day. With a pre-foraday. Oh! Well, 47 at 5.60. WQAM. Happy Monday, Tua. We got the Amarlins and Giants. From our afternoon. What time is that all that festivity star? Marlins on deck 3.30. The game is at 4.06. 4.06. You got it? Yep. And I'm actually carrying the Braves in a Cubs tomorrow night at 8.30 for me. SP and radio. Why set? I thought that's at the Braves. It's gotta be. They had the big record. So why would that be at 8.30? Prime time, game. Really? Yep. And we have the 10th inning playoff special. With Len Casper and Tommy Hutton at 7.30 tomorrow night. What the hell is that? I must be some other scam where I can extra money for him. Nice. Come on guys. Oh! That's a good record. So here's the facts that you just afforded me from Sean. I just won't give up. It says George. Misspelled. George. If you threw my 80 page facts away and just afforded my cover page. Neil. Then shame on you. Shame on you, George. Yeah. You militant little spick. You grove all of him. Gooseball. It was a six page fact. And I found it interesting as well as flowing with your beliefs on our democratic system. Before you throw this away. Do me a favor and read it. And then make a choice to forward to Neil. Now let me just give Sean an idea what the George had in a forward the other six pages or however many it is because at the bottom of this copy it's George wrote and the asshole sends it again. So I think that's for me. Yeah. Excellent. So I think actually give you a pretty idea that he's not going to set it again. And if it already underlined, see, I'm not one of those who believes in just preaching to the choir all the time. Hmm. If it was something new and revelatory, whatever it all I mean, then maybe something really shocking, then maybe. Or maybe like maybe just a website where I could find it right or the first page which we've spoken about at length. Right. But sending that whole thing again is outrageous and just unacetable. I mean, I'm sure your intentions might have been good all over this point one has to really wonder. Don't you wonder? No. I'm convinced. But to send a whole thing again is certainly outrageous. Yeah. See even he knows it. 560, 50560. How's the pull coming? They're not into this pull too much. That's okay. Which TV talking head you pray never to see again. See they don't really understand what that means. And anybody who doesn't understand what a talking head is in this day and age. When your major news networks are just in and day me with the same old talking heads over and over. Uh, it's kind of sad. Punnetic and effect that Arnold is open up a hugely in California. That's even more than kind of sad. That's pathetic. Punnetic. It's unbelievable. Wags. Nothing. Nothing. Nothing. Been the same one. I like wags though. They're bitter and sandbows. Better than dannies. Nothing with all. Better than dannies. So is eatin out of a dumpster. Sandbows was great. Uh, sandbows was great. Yeah. What about lums? Yeah. There we go. We're gonna go through this again. We've done this a million times. Stop with a foot. I already know I'm getting for lunch. I need my chicken. My moths of all soup for my throat. To ward off is a little bit of a cold that may or may not blossom. You order it with a little more blossom. How's David? What's his name? That was his name? Charve. No. And colder 146. Gloria, all red 31. It's not even close. And they hate you. They wish you would die a wicked nasty death. They wish that all sorts of new things would crawl into your hole. Okay. Things that are already in their festering and rotting. Oh, God. Like that. Gunnery of pus. And colder 146. Gloria, all red 31. Johnny, cockering 26. Eight. Well, I gotta put my glasses on. Everyone noticed that six and eight from about five yards away looked at the same. Nancy Grace 14. George will find very sheck who's full of drac. He's got three. Baby, can and three. Katrina van Hovell appear. Susan Fret has a marginal pair. She is a sitting ad for anti-Semitism. She would age. He's nauseating. You ever seen her? No. Really? Really? Oh, you know exactly what I'm talking about. She makes the nanny look like run with the mill. I hate these talking heads. The pun. Gloria Ingraham's got only one, which I'm just astonished by. Jerry Spence has one. And we're not Goldberg. He hasn't have any. None. He's got the big. Oh. Right. Just like Fox Sports radio news in Miami. Oh. None. Just like the normal can't show on whatever a marginal make-belief stage needs on. Oh. That thing about Stan Major. Do you have any idea how revolting in scandalous that is? Yeah. It's one thing for somebody who would have a reason. Sure. To go on here. Let's say mole left the station. Anyone on another station? Or like maybe he was talking with the people at Fox Sports behind our back and tell we wouldn't find out about it. To rip me an ass. Okay. Because we have this conflict that's ongoing. Or at least we used to till we bought and made up onto the zoo. Even some an a- But for somebody that you bailed his ass out more times than you can count. With cash and with other ass assistants and helped to get him. Who's the one to help and believe me? I regret it to this day. Who's the one that helped him get the job at IOD when Mr. Eagle went off to New York to WABC for a few days. I'm dirty man. The orages got. Right. That's right. On grateful asshole is what you are. Stan. On grateful schmuck. Okay. You idiot. God. What a disgrace. Right. It's something to talk about. I guess there's nothing else going on. So let's just go on and rip Neil and ask. Which is fine. Doesn't really bother me other than who it's coming from. See. My ass has been replenty. A lot of bad roads. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon world as well. Oh, we're going to rob her. No, faculty on crossbar. They had a punitive in jail. Would it's link about the CIA family, you know? Right. They had a punitive ass in jail. Not see son of a bitch. And they're right now. They got their talking about it with wolf blitzkrieg on there. Identity, they've become a CNN co-host robber. And they're promuling the facts. They'll be on crossbar. There's half to no. Oh my God. You can't worry about our credibility on CNN because we certainly don't have any. I'm certainly not news network. Here's a lady in Viral Beach. Hello. Hi. Yes, ma'am. Well, I think I have a good candidate. And if he does take count. If he longs it's so now that he gave him a show of his own. My vote would be for him. I think he has a doctor. Oh, no. He shows up everywhere. Does he really? They have him. They have. They have. They had him on the today show. He's on all the talk shows. But now I don't know. He is. If he counts any longer because he's. Now they gave me a show. I guess I find him so detestable. And even though he does have his own show or if he's doing all that other. I'll put him on there. I. I. I don't think he's a. But I don't think he's a. That's what he's saying. He's a. He's a. He's a. He's a. He's a. He's a. He's a. He's a. He's a. He's a. He's a. He's a. I can't even dare to listen. And you know who we can thank for that. Oprah. Yeah. I. I don't think. That was a mistake. He's a. He's to Oprah what Ross perro was to Larry King. Well, you know how I heard he met him when he had that loss. But no, it's that lost is going on in Texas and the beef. The. The. The. The. Somehow. Somehow. That's where they connected. Pretty sad in it. It is very sad. You're what they say. We're a feather. We could probably together. Oh, he doesn't count. I might go for. In colder. Like I said, he counts. And we got him on her. Thanks. We don't have a great. I find Dr. Phil, I'm just not not just in his diet book. Even more revolting even though I certainly wouldn't buy it or read it. That would be like me writing a diet book, you know, you could. No, I could not. You could write about how not to. Yeah. Oh, yeah, that score that Brian's. I want to say. Yeah. I know the score. I'll tell you that right now. I got a headache just thinking about it. Five six seven. Five six. I think we'll do it tomorrow. But I still want to talk about it now. Well, materially, the thing about the most hated sports. We're not going to include dog fighting because dog fighting isn't a sport. It's not even a game. Right. It's a redneck paston. Right. This is so stupid, man. But again, it's CNN. There were disgrace. You and embarrassment. I hope you're all listening with the radio. Turn up. We're allowed to see it. There are my. Because I know you are. I don't want for the. Paul. Okay. Diemaid fishing. Yeah, it's another Redneck sport. Dinemaid fishing. Yeah, you're never going dynamite fishing. So Yeah, not this week. Well, maybe I'll go Lake Ontario, do some dynamite fish any other kind of fish, Johbin. He's calling to the iceberg. Through the ice hole. You'll like this though. I like it. Proboxy number four. Number five. The Gentile PGA, the Professional Golf Association Tour, is the number 5 most hated in this light sport, 34% followed by the PGA seniors champions tour, the LPGA tour on what I'm playing next. NASCAR, Major League Soccer and the ATP Men's tennis tour. That's a lot of people who are hated this like events that sponsors a back-and-with-biddens of books it says. And it goes out of say about golf, still turns off many Americans with its snooty country club image, but three times as many black fans say they love or like the PGA tour now compared to the night night. 13.4% you want to know why? Why? Do you like your... That's your old tycoon tiger. See, I mean, I wouldn't care... Well, I shouldn't say that. I still like, yeah, no, that's wrong. See, I'm being a hypocrite because like tennis... Although tennis is an exciting sport to watch, it's not boring like golf, I mean, there's some excitement open-man. But I think it's tennis if like... What's his name? What's our boy down at A-Rod? And he wrote it his plan? Or Mark Philopussy? Whatever his name is, he's a hot. Yeah, if there's a good looking guy, just like a lot of you had a rose out there if there's a hot babe and I'm not talking about some dark, like Jennifer Kakariotti. But if there's some hot broad plane, you can watch it for a little while. Right. And a court of Koga. She can't play. I'm not commenting on her anymore. Okay, because I find it just... I find it... Yeah, I was on her tree truck legs. She has a red one. She has a red one. It's like a red one. Looking at the picture over right now. And I understand Arnold's going to plant her in California. Yeah. Let me know what she's proud of. He's going to plant on. Well, why not? She probably go for him. She's with a pop-el-brainer. Why do I pop-el ain't playing this year? No, he's got tired. Are you tired? Are you tired? He retired. When was that? About a month ago. No. He didn't know he didn't. No, he did not. Yes, he did. He wasn't going to play this season. And he's considering retirement. Pavel Burrie has not retired officially. How much would he like to bet on that? How about your parents? You're preparing what I make. Exactly. How about your next 4,000 paycheck against the butt of buck? Same difference. Anybody out there? No, I don't need to discuss it because John Davidson was the hockey maybe. And he was on Leafs TV yesterday talking about that. Everybody on the team knew he was going to be done this year. He may be done forever. But he hasn't retired forever. All he did was announced he isn't going to play this season. Have you got it? If they're not going to medically clear him, he can't play. This season. After this season. 1258 at 560W to Q and let me tell you, he ain't going to play this season after you. Why? Why? Because they're ain't going to be any. Think about that. Put that in your pipe and suck it for a while. A pipe. A pipe. Put it in your water pipe and suck on it. If you're looking for a really great place for breakfast lunch, you didn't hear something new in South Florida. But it was around a long time in my town or Rochester, Vick and Irves. Since 1934, they were cooking those great white hots and all the good stuff. Vick and Irves is on federal highway just out the barred bullmark in the tunnel on the east side. All you watch is staring is out there. You should be dancing at Kazanski right now because Vick and Irves is a flashback in time to what great restaurants used to be before fast food crap. Coin and enjoy a real burger or hot dog served hot fresh and fast. If limit those Rochester white hots, the coners is brought to Fort Laudonel by the same YouTuber Grigchieberger, Vick and Irves used the same fresh 100% ground chuck meat and Seaburger Grigchieberger and offers you an incredible quarter pot hot dog. What a piece of meat that is to pop into your pussy. And what makes Vick and Irves different from anybody else in town is because their burgers and Doors are served with Vick signature meat sauce poured on top. Give you a combination of flavors available. No place sells in town. We're looking for something else to try. Vick and Irves has got lots of good good ease on a menu. Great breakfast menu. I'm let's cook the order friends toast pancakes. All your favorite side dishes too. So if you're from Rochester or from Yannemsville from Hungary no matter where you are, you'll love the coners. See what all the talk is about. Stop by on federal highway. Just have to fire both out of the tunnel on the east side. Be sure to tell them that crusty old deals since you buy from Brighton, New York, from Maranicoid from where we're from Canada, New York to Vick and Irves in Fort Laudon. This is five six years. Three years old yours. You win. If the world knew our. New one fox from the producers of the OC comes a new drama that you'll become Obsessive Compulsive about. We're producing the OCD. We need to get something straight. You want to break up with me? No. I want you to help me straighten all the food items in my refrigerator. I love you. The OCD. Its box televisions new number one. Two three four five six seven eight nine ten show. You have such a big strong hands. Do you know what I want you to do with those hands? Watch them five times in a row with water that's exactly 111 degrees Fahrenheit. And the counterclockwise circular motion. Yes. So grab a nice cold beverage. Sit back and enjoy the OCD. But first make sure your cat isn't stuck in the refrigerator. I wonder if the cat just sneak in again. Better check it again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. Don't miss any OCD. Well, you know this is the magic book. Can you welcome be ready? I have an unboxing box. And catch a special Cork presentation. The next week and between edited down the three minutes for those. But ADD team ever cracking old forty five RPM. I'm standing and try to play me. her. He's just like on a bit sure remember that pops. How do you pressing Hey pops. What you call me. Neems again. 10 38 50. I got 30 man. Lots of promos for the homo. Marlins game watching parties come up tomorrow and uh Wednesday for those games in Frisco. Actually will stay too. Special appearances by Billy the Marlin and Marlin Mermaid. Interactive pitching games where your Marlin colors and your Marlins to victory. You can come and have your fate. Don't know what happened there but like have your face paid to before you go there. What? Nothing. If you're like a real sportshold. If you're like a silly person with no life. Go there and get like all painted up. Oh, that's him. I'm gonna be just one of those guys after we like to dress up. Like that bit we played a little while ago. I'll see what else tonight's the smart off working. I'm not reading those. It's not somebody on the thing. I already where we disgager I do that. They're looking for extra plugs there for smart offs and I'm not gonna do that. I'm not gonna get sucked in because the salespeople keep promising all these free plugs. Do the clients. Oh, they're gonna have it on the lawn. They're daily liners and all the host are read at 600 and I won't. Is it matter of fact? I noticed that on the schedule it says Ricky William show a lot from a people in the rent sounds beats and then that's it. And let me ask you this question. How come Scott? Then La Bastard is the host of that show. Then what's out does he have? What does he have to do with WQA? He's an asshole. Isn't he some columnist? Yeah, from the hero. He's in and he's a total asshole. He's a professional spick when a Marlins won the series 97. He wrote the column. Oh, the Marlins didn't win it. We won it because of Levi. In other words, the Cubans won a world the most ethnic pandering piece of crap and how he still has a job beats me and why they live in a QM even to come in the door. Remember the time George? He would, I don't know if he still has that show on Sundays. Let me look at this schedule. Okay. He's good friends with Ricky. I hear. Yeah. Oh, that's great. That's like Arnold. You know, the screening of questions at a time. So now that was because he's buddy buddies. asshole buddies with Rick Arshina said that with Ricky William. I should have said. I should have said. Braco asshole buddies. That's bad. He knows that he's going to like only throw him a powder cream puffs. Oh, you know. See too much ass kissing too much sucking around. It's it people don't want that. It's not interesting. I want some people on her say, Hey, Ricky, how come you got a haircut like they idiot and are these stories about you and all the boys true or not? And is the true that most of the guys in a team like Huddle at the other end of the show or when you go into locker room? Are these things true or not? That's what I'd like to hear from Ricky. Then I might listen. But no. You got a guy who's this good personal bunk butt buddy who's going to go on here and lick and lick into a little rim job right there on a radio. What kind of crap is that it's the QMF in way man. That's one of the reasons I have such content for sports way. I mean, even if we're interesting, which it's not. But the fact is how, when's the last time you heard somebody have a jock on your show or an owner or some, you know, they've had Samson was on it with Mo that time all he did was lecture him for 50 minutes of out he showed up three minutes late. Remember that? Sure. But once the last time you heard somebody say, hey, how come you did this or how come you're like taking steroids or how come you're like first time for get the last time. Right. Well the last time was that Jack has ripened poor Pete Rose. What's his name on NBC? Gray? What's his name? Jim Gray. Jim Gray on NBC TV. But what was that? About three years ago? Three or four years ago? Yeah, the all-century team was announced and he asked him. Right. And he asked an embarrassing question. And I was like, why is that? Just because he said you generate gambler in a piece of crap, which we all know, see the Hall of Fame put him in there. Okay. I noticed they let him come back in a baseball, which is not a good idea because he still did the general gambler in a nutcase. But the Hall of Fame should be based on his playing ability and his career record, not a whether he's a good guy, if he ever stole a freight train, is he a compulsive gambler, is he a cook who cares? Right? Well he's not back in baseball, per se. I mean, you know, he can't go ahead and get him. They let him come into back door at the stadium. Now Ricky Williams, he said he could show him instructions and how it well. Was that really all right? I'm not sure was Ricky or Louis Oliver. So then. Arab networks, Arab, and audio tape, and audio tape, probably from Osama, your mom had been lads top of the tin. I'm on Alzo, I hear he has aired on several Arabic language TV networks. Along other things, the voice on the tape urges Pakistan. He's to overthrow Pakistan, President, pervert, Morsharaf for what it calls betraying Islam. I guess that not too crazy about that pervert. The tape was there down the Arabic news network, Irobaya, and never official's refused to tell CNN how or when they received the tape. Kanovel. The speaker blames Morsharaf were enabling the West to top-life Afghanistan's Taliban government, without his help America would not have managed that he says. It would not have managed to kill thousands of innocent people that have managed to end up with innocent people. And those innocent people were killed by the hands of Morsharaf. Of course, I guess they weren't mentioning about the thousands of innocent people. They killed like a New Yorker Washington, but you know, I guess we're nitpicking now. The U.S. supports Morsharaf because he recognizes Israel the speaker said. And because he's wanting to send Pakistan troops into Iraq. The speaker on the tape mentions former Taliban spiritual leader Mula Omar, calling on his audience to continue their support of him. And Yadi Yadi Yadi, he urges Muslims to resist this. Jewish Christian crusade. Give it a good old time or listen. Maybe now show you some real hate and a lot of dead people laying around. Blood dead bodies. Without religion, the world could be a beautiful place. Is it ever going to happen? No, no, paradise. It could be paradise. Oh. There's a fact that says, in order to be familiar with the term talking head and who would apply, Stoo one would have to be a viewer of the National News Media program. And since I do not, I don't feel that about sending in an on-kand aid for a while. I felt stupid. But I'll feel fortunate. I agree with you sir, whoever may have ever sent this you right. Feel very fortunate about to be getting a fed a diet of all these same self-serving, egotistical assholes who get on and say absolutely nothing. Here's the fact that says, what about Debbie Swistle? Oh, uh, uh, do you know who that is? No, no. I have never heard of Debbie Swistle. I love that name. Sounds like a food. Sounds like a vacuum cleaner. And then I'm going to be a little bit of a whistle. How to whistle, uh, oyska-shicard. Well, you know, I just have what I needed. What a juke rap again. It's funny no matter what it means. Yeah. That's what happened to one of those hockey players. It's no longer on a crannthers. He was a whistle, oyska-shicard one night and, uh, a little driving incident. Nevertheless, they kept it pretty quiet for a long time. Because that's the way it works. Cover it up, cover it up, cover it up. Debbie Swistle, I don't know who there is. I like lurch and swushle. Swushle, swushle. How much slumber Jay? Don't give me started on that stock thing. I'm so for I'm so frosted because I feel a lot of being ahead again. But I know the one he's hot shot lawyers. I got this whole package of stuff. Thanks to me yesterday. I don't know. It's kind of like, no matter how bad I usually do to see the responses from Mitchhorses people. You should have seen that. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. You're an asshole. And I'm supposed to, you know, got to tell him how much money I'm making in my current Congress. What does that have to do with how I was screwed over and how much money they lost me? If I'm making 50 million here, if I'm making a billion. What does that have to do with their irresponsibility and the fact that they never put into stock order on anything? And they just let all of that go. The right right down the toilet. What does that tell you? Huh? Well, I know what it tells me. But I can't say it on the air. I know. Here's having. Sure. Hello. Pretty good. Well, I have a few things to get to you with. Since I've been a whole listen to everything you brought up. Debbie Schletzel is a little Twitty Bird looking white girl with blind hair. She's a little bit like a little girl who talks real fast and talks over everybody. When she's on the talking handshake. Oh, she's on there. Okay. Let's put her on her then. Yeah. She's like one and she's real up. She looks like she's about 25 to 26. But she goes on and on. Even when the other person's having him and try to make his point, she feels talking. Yeah. Yeah. Uh, secondly, um, Captain Marvel was to get Billy back then. Before he turned into Captain Marvel, he's safe. She's a damn not cause that. He's a damn. It was a joke. It was a slow plan. Where's the one? I'm not. I was calling you in, uh, reference last week. You said you read an article about a black student's in the Texas College. Who were, uh, being so could be 25. Right. Kind of a point on a permanent. But that's not the first time that it happened. A couple of years ago, uh, same thing happened with some Republicans on the other College campus. But what those black students did were they bought up all the cookies for 25 cents each. And then throwing like $4. All right. That is, uh, right. Nothing like this. I'm American. I'm a producer by love it. Right. I'm a way to flip the script on them. They think they're going to try and make a point where they made them look stupid in the end. And the last night I had a, uh, I made a four-n-one and, uh, having the catch just met, but, and he had an inculter on that night. And, uh, they were making a, they went on and on and on about how, uh, all the liberals are making, uh, up having a problem with almost what's in the, uh, flip life and on certain things how he believes this and that there on, uh, a couple of years ago and now he's saying different things. And then right after they made that point, didn't went to, um, what's the general they just got in Clark? Yeah. Did they went right to Clark and on something? Well, look, he was just praising Bush, uh, a couple of years ago and now he got, you know, they don't even see where their hypocrites, where they're getting, they're trying to make one point here and there another point there. Were you, dutch packing? Yeah. All right. They'll, they'll probably have a great day. I'm having for the last time since I need four down here. I love you. Thanks, man. The Marine Corps finally listened to you. Excellent. They see you. Take care. Excellent. I'm one of our, uh, darker, complicated friends. We got to pay you, though. I'm good, man. What? Huh? 560, 50560, pound 560, on the, so Debbie Slussel, we got to run it. Look at that, Dr. Phil's got to live it. We hated, man. Oh, God, I wish that, uh, like a vain in his forehead would like pop open. What a middle one has got to be in shows. We're talking today about why, man, cheat. I've just done it because it felt good at the time. I didn't think about it and I didn't concern myself with my wife. She just got boring, so I got to run it around. And I'm above reproach on that. Yeah. I'm going to see if I can do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to run it around. And I'm above reproach on that. All right. If you want to chase women, go do it. So what about Alan and Aaron here? Okay. She's pregnant. Do you want this marriage to work? What about anything? Are you willing to allow him to cheat? Yeah, everything. All right. Do you believe that you can look? You're fianceing the eye and say, I want that instead of you and go do it. And you get it. You get women. Yes. Do it. From over with Alan and Aaron in just moment. He's pregnant. Well, this is not my thing. We had him. He's got 17 votes already out of two. We did not. Of course, nobody's near. No. He's got two eighty to one sixty seven. She's got fifty eight percent. Glory. All right. 35. Johnny's covering 34. And Dr. Phil's room to the fourth place. He was sitting still 17 to 15. And after that single digits. Oh, I remember the speaking of the media being sick and full of crap. Yeah. You remember a couple of years ago that we told us about this new invention that was going to like You're just revolutionized the way we all know. Yeah. The it. No. The segue. Right. Well, the make of a segue human transporter has agreed to recall all the motorized scooters because riders have been injured falling off on the batteries are low. Can you like that? I saw that coming. Oh. The consumer product safety commission announced to be called Friday saying that three people have been injured. They just batteries would run low and they would. All right. All right. One suffered a head wound and needed stitches. The recall involves about six thousand of the single writer two-wheeled scooters. Send a see the interesting part of it is that's all of them. Right. They only sold. This was going to revolutionize everything change our lives. They cost around five grand. And they travel all the way up to 12 miles an hour. The school uses gyroscope to keep it up tight making it less likely to fall or be knocked over. But the reason for the recall, like I said, is every time the battery's hit run low. It was falling in, uh, etc. Flopping over. The company is offering a free software upgrade while segue finds the content owners consumers also make call the company tool free yada yada yada between eight and eight week days to obtain a free upgrade so that they won't keep falling over. We tend to batteries get low. So more bull crap. Yeah. Yeah. The way we live, it was going to be the biggest and thing. You know, some grave robber comes along and right with it. It's like the Ross Perusand, or I'm all over again. You know, they just fall all over each other trying to like, you know, get to grab an audience with some in it. It's always a bull crap. You know, that was a big scan. I guess we spend up time on Illia Kazan, right? Uh, I guess. He was 94. That's certainly old enough, sure. That's old enough. 94 sounds like to me. We don't have any drops from like on the waterfront, right? Any drops? Just that one. He was at his home in Manhattan when he died lower, a lawyer, Floria last he said. She didn't give cause of death. A genuine genius like this, she said he was one of the greats and he was. Even though you have no no respect for Ilya Kazan. By the way, uh, was Kazan. Yeah. That was just a joke, amigo. And Holly, would he want to ask your Oscars to refer to acting gentlemen's already read that? He turned her writing in the 50s, produced six novels, including several best sellers and autobiography. The first two novels, America, America and the arrangement also made into movies. Oh, the arrangement. That was great. Even when I was a boy, I wanted to live three or four lives he once said. Well, he divide 94 by three. About three lives. About three lives. Remember Herbert, Phil Burke, our lead three lives? No. Oh. What tell do you know then? Not much. And also, Altheon, who was the other one? O'Donnellocconer. See our audience has no idea who that is. Sit about old thoughts like me and Boca Brian. He was in a singing in a range with Jean Kelly. Remember that? Right? Hey, I hate musicals. Boy. I don't care what anybody says about things. I don't care about the exception because man or man I hate musicals. I want to see a story. I'm going to go to see movie. I want to see a story. There ought to be a lot. Funny story. The pressing story. Suspenseful. Something. I don't want to see people singing and dancing in the rain or anywhere else. Old Rocky Horror. Wizard of Oz and South Park. Okay. We'll take a while. What song of the South? Oh. Remus? No. No. No. Not me. Maybe you. Oh, yeah. You said Remus. What does that mean? What does that mean? No. I don't know. You said Remus. Black tennis pioneer died speaking of Remus. Altheid Gibson is sports pioneer who broke the color barrier in 10 to 10 to 50s. As the first black woman who went with Wibbledon and US national titles died yesterday, she was 76. I see. Let me just give you a little tip on how you view when ages when people die. Okay. When you're like Scott's age there and they say she was 76. Oh, well, that's pretty old. Right. When your George is age you think you start thinking, well 76 is not like real real old. And when your my age you start thinking, you know. Oh my god. Right. 76. Oh. When your mose age. Absolutely. I'm really proud of the fact that he whipped it up for it right there in the A theorem. I think it's a turning point. Now we just have one more thing to let him to get him to let go up. Take the let go in a weasel. Maybe you can put it up for adoption. Anybody want to adopt mose weasel? No, we have a few get in there. Well, I've tried concept. Let me take it and he returns it over to you. For Charles. There's the challenge. Okay. That's an excellent idea. This is the new Rogers challenge to my close best personal friend. My zoom mate. Mohour David. Because he's got more than one as you know. Right. We'll have a wiggathon. Since he was so a magnanimousist to promote our abandoned periske when the best of it is Mohour He's a good morning. So that's my spire report that I got. How about if he auctions off the Mohour hairpieces and all the proceeds go to a band of pet rescue. That would be I think that would like put him in a good grace as you know. Sure. So that when Scott blows him out and he winds up doing five to ten at that point will he'll leave with you know feeling better about everything. And we'll feel better about him. Anyway, healthy. It gives him a been seriously ill for seven years. He died of e-storn general hospital in Jersey where he spent the last week. She was the first black to compete in the West Championships in 1950 and at Wimbledon 51. However, wasn't until several years later she began to win major tournaments, included the Wimbledon in the US Championships in 578. The French open in three doubles titles at Wimbledon 56 through 58. Who could have imagined who could have thought Gibson said in 88 as she presented her Wimbledon trophies to the Smithsonian Institute's National Museum of American History? Here stands before you a Negro Wimbledon raised in Harlem, a win under become a tennis player and finally went up being a World Champion. In fact, the first black woman champion in the world she said. I like that. She was great. Okay. She was good people. Okay. And like I said, Donald O'Connor, the Saudi and Stone O'Connor. So you got again a trifecta, a tree for the price of one. They're dropper-like flies, boys and girls. It's an epidemic. You had Katherine Hepburn, Gregory Peck, Morris Gibb, Donald O'Connor, Alphi Gipsen, Ilya Kazan, who might be even up. Oh, and of course, the John Ritter, Robert Palmer, Robert Palmer just here. Johnny Cash, Johnny Cash, God, dropper-like flies. There's a lot of death going on, man. See, a better enjoy life while you can. And after that, that's it. Just step on a cockroach. That's the life and death test. Step on a roach. It's a good idea before you smoke it. Make sure it's not in your asstreet in your car. You'll get 10 to 20. But don't forget Peggy Noonan. Who's Peggy Noonan? I don't know. With their holier than now, Smug out of two chests like we aren't in thousand up to get it. Oh, the Comcast technicians, hey, don't we love Comcast? Hmm. Who the hell? What do I have? Do I have Comcast cable? I'm not sure. I don't know. Actually, my cable is improved dramatically, so we do love the Comcast technicians. Plus, so they have nothing to do with if you get crappy service. Don't blame them. It says, we do love you. We listen as often as possible. Thank you Comcast technicians. How do you like that? So let's get Peggy Noonan on there. I guess she's somebody. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. That reminds me of that time, I'm on a plane. I'm on a plane coming up here as a matter of fact. And there's a woman and her husband, like in her 50s I would say. And a run of plane and I notice she's like looking at me. Okay. And I can hear, I, one thing I can't stand is people are talking about you and they're talking loud enough for you to hear it. You can't do that. I mean, I don't a lot of people do that. I got to kick out of that. And she's looking at me and she pointed. She posts her husband. Isn't that somebody? Oh, perfect. Yeah. And I went. Yeah. Just like that. I fell right on the floor. I said, aren't you somebody? Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Just push ready. Oh, my God. You way am. I'll try to think. So each time feels like the very first time. If you're making love to a foreigner, you better put one on. Do a rich condom. This isn't really doing well. I will on our pool. How many days get about seven boat? Something like that. Out of sight. I saved the thing over here. I'm certain things that I saved. They only had seven for foreigner. I was, it's a tough battle. A lot of good groups there. And remember the fact we had Friday from some smuck out there. Some another one of those negative nerds out there. Oh, and you got so many crappy bands out there. And you didn't even know what that was. You know, just being negative. Just doing what's tough for this famous for FBI says the collar bomb and a body not linked. I like that. Remember we talked about that body? They were people. They blew up. I see. They were kind of separated. The man who police say helped a woman hide the body of a roommate in his freezer. Road to suicide, noted which he proclaimed his innocence in the case of a pizza delivery man, who died but a bomb locked with neck exploded. The person involved in the investigations had Saturday. William Rothstein stated in the note that he had no role in Brian Wells' death August 28. The law enforcement source told the AP on condition of anonymity. Everybody's always speaking on a condition of anonymity. FBI agents investigating Wells' death which occurred after he robbed the eerie bank and exposed by the ID on it. Said they had nothing to connect that case to the murder investigation involving Rothstein. Just another one of them strained coincidences, don't you think? Right. Straight. By the way, what ever happened to Sean relieving? They found her. Oh, I know that. But I'm saying whatever. Whatever. Oh, she's still dead. She's still dead. And now an update on the Sean relieving story. Nothing. Absolutely nothing. More on this later. Oh, well, remember those days? Wow, wow, gary kind of what? God, air of the time you turned around and of course are good friend Larry. Uh-huh. Just obsessed. That's when the talk. I think that was like other than O.J. That was like the epitome of his story. The fucking head was the Sean relieving thing. Oh, is that what I'm saying? And I'll end your obanet too. They got that Soviet. Oh, how about the anthrax thing? Oh, oh. And who killed Kauk Robin? Oh, I was speaking of killing people, which is American pastime. If we should put that on the sports list. That four year old fatally shoot sister and wounds brother. Land over Maryland. A four year old boy who found a loaded gun on the house shot and killed his five year old sister. And seriously wounded his 70 year old brother said they pull he said. The children were humble on at the time. Police spoke for him and kept a crippled diand Richardson. Now wait, this line is quote. This is one of the most profound statements in history. It's a terrible situation that probably could have been avoided Richard from said. I see. You never know. I don't know. We'll never know now, I guess. Neighbors called police and the girl was taken to a hospital where she died. See, at that point we're supposed to go. She died. Yeah. Yeah. Per 70 year old brother was in critical condition. Another hospital authority said the parents were at one of the hospital's late Saturday. But it was unclear which one is if we really care. Before year old boy was in police custody late Saturday. He was in police custody. For her and dangerous. We're still no I see not because of that. They were still trying to determine where the parents were at the time of the shooting. Robert Richardson said the parents could be charged for leaving small children unattended and for leaving the gun where the children could find it. So here's a four five and seven year old brother must have in babysitting huh? Sure. There you go. Mm-hmm. On critical and believable. But you know, it's one of those things spinning your wheels. It's the American way. You never got to change the American past them. Forget about baseball being the American past time. Forget about even the NFL being the American past time is two and up baby. Shoot it up baby. Shoot it up. If it's not shooting it up like that, it says Perry from a wrestling for a dream. He was shooting it up. Maybe one time a minute. Yeah, look at that thing. We're gonna purple haze. Right on his arm. Man. Nasty looking thing. What are our areas doing? Of course, what's your name? Sarah. Yeah. Both the hurdle work. Do you think? Well, maybe I'm visiting, guys. I think back to those days when we're really moving intensively with all of those shows, which I enjoyed a lot because it inspired me to see a lot of great movies I've never seen. And again, the negativity coming from, oh, well, who was it was Miguel? Well, he's a schmuck anyway. And he has pretty handwriting, but he's a schmuck. And there was nothing about cashier when it so he didn't enjoy it. You know what I mean? And there was nobody in the movie. We're in a Guaya Barra. So he hated it from the get-go. Was he the one who didn't like it? He was underwhelmed. Yeah. How is that possible? I don't know. And even you was Magnolia. I'm still, I still have a garage. Sorry. I still have a garage against you for not loving Magnolia the way you should have. Sorry. No, seriously, for intellectual, little, and like the movie, a Milton about movie endings. End it. And the freaking movie is three hours in front of the law. How long did you want to make? I mean, they had lots of lines. How many hours would you like them? We'll be to benign. But, if ever that's what it takes to come to an end, then do I see? Well, I think Jason Robards came to an end. Literally here. That's the way line ended. Oh, and also, you know, this see a few days ago there was a power outage in Copenhagen, but since nobody cares about them, Mark, you said those who know what a great place it is. It didn't even hardly make the news. Now, yesterday, did you hear about this in Rome? Oh, it's all on the news of the crowd. The massive blackout hit Italy yesterday, cutting power to millions of people who woke up to find their phone line, silent their TV's black while driver's struggle to streets without traffic lights. I must have been fun and Rome and trains remain stuck on the tracks to lose lot tracks. Most of Italy's 57 million people were left without power, compared to the 50 million affected during the August 14 like out in the US and here in Canada, in Ontario. I'm mid-morning the power is returned to the north, but still it made out in most of Roman the south. And I'm looking through the whole story and this poor guy with his gelato. It says, all the ice creams are melting, it's a disastrous advantage. Your massimo perfacato, claiming that this is impossible. I'm not as extra as a possibility to make croissants. He couldn't keep a custom in the joint. Of course, they don't call it ice cream, it's gelato, but then it go in at AP wrote this. And then you'll look here, there was a thing about a tree fell in Switzerland, yeah, and that's a baloney. You'll notice how big he, this almost be just like the other thing, just like the frozen body. Just coincidences, right? Yeah. That way these massive power is here in the US and Canada, and in London, and other parts of England, a few days later, and then one in Denmark, and then one in Italy. Just a coincidence, right? Sure. Boy, boy, the way they lied to us poor freaking people, and they take our money, they rape us for the taxes, and then while I will tell you what's good for you, okay? We'll decide what's good for you, and then they pay on it like a little child. Speaking of little children, see, I have all this important stuff here, and I've been patchking around with this stupid ass pool, that's already a foreground confusion that Anne, the Pistramy Snatch-Colder, why by a mile? I don't think it would be no more room, even though it is corn beef. No more ribbons anytime soon. Oh, I am going to hang on, I'm going to have to have lots of balls soup and some kishka, you order it without the balls. No, I like the bud, it just has one ball. It's like the giant crust, the giant crox soup, and as one ball, I just didn't know about the carbs. It's the town green soup. Maybe you can really town green better than giant crox since you're not a sport now. Yeah, it's the town green soup with one ball. Jesus' ban in Park Spurs suit says the Washington Times. A federal lawsuit was filed last week against the state of Washington because a family was banned from inscribing message with the word Jesus on a commemorative brick at a state park there. I'd be like that. Good. But the family filed a lawsuit. That. Because, yeah, because they wanted to inscribe, I'll find it here sooner later. They want to inscribe Jesus Christ on a commemorative brick at a state park. The public interest law firm of American Center for Law Justice brought the action went to the Democratic Court in Seattle. I'm going to have a ban in Olga, you can, and a limb would. The Center for American see all of the, you know, you know, what really amuses and amazes and this kind of finds me the new thing is now and all the talking head networks, the news networks do this. They'll have some burning issue going on. And here's Richard Jones from the Heritage Foundation. And, and they present it like the Heritage Foundation is like some impartial think tank. Yeah, and all like that. Right. This is a case where the state is violated a free speech right of our clients by targeting a message for exclusion because of its religious content. American Center for Law and Justice Council, Sturgy Roth said, The laws very clear for state permits a wide variety of messages to be posted in the public area. The state cannot reject the message because it contains a religious reference like Jesus Christ like that. According to the ACLJ, the state initiated a fundraiser to build a maintain of playground for children in state, a state, a state parking can more wash and erase the money. The state permitted community members to buy a commemorative brick for 100 bucks and scrap it with a message. And then I have a play place in the play. Well, first of all, you know, the easiest way to overturn that is tell him, it doesn't say Jesus, it's a Zeus. All right. That's our grandson's name. He lives in Colombia. His name is Jesus. It's got nothing to do with religion. Now we'll be the end of that. Wouldn't it hurt? Yeah. More ons. But you got to get the lawyers in there because, you know, all the grave robbers up there once you've got damn money. Why in local, we're sports radio, 560s, you and you, A.M. To fudge back in the years. Yes. He's no big as bad as 20. It's run for all time that he's not taking any prisoners. He's actual sports nigga. Welcome to the jungle. We got one end games. We got everything you bought. We blow your own mouth. Actually, sports nigga. He's all pumped up and ready to work. Take me down to Canada City. There's a glass screen. It's a girl's appriety. Or else, ticket grenade launcher or the sunburn. Try it. It's military industrial strength rock and roll. The way only council sports and egg are can challenge. Good, but ugly. The young Claude Bandab is a f***y. Steven Sikhal is a f***er with a ponytail. The only reason I did a film with Davido is because he could stand up. It's council sports and egg are exclusively on terminator CDs, records and dissents. If you don't apply this album, I'll be back. I saw these dead babies. There's Governor Schwarzenegger. He's in. He's winning. Uh-huh. Exactly. 145 at 5. 60 WC. Thanks to Lannie who sent us a check for Bandab. Rescue and you presume correctly will get to that organization. Thank you. That's good. They're setting in some checks. Not like he used to be man with commelsauce. Remember that we still have a mailing list? Right. We're going to get to the next page. Oh yeah. Those are the days man. Whenever you have like a whole crap load. I can remember you like going home will be an hour project just to open up all the envelopes with the checks in them. Not no more. But it's mighty difficult, raise money for charity because there are a lot of people out of work because money is tight because people are a little panicky because charitable contributions have gone way down to the bottom of people's priorities now. Because they're worried about you know. Thank you very much President Bush for the low gas prices. I forget where to help was they were showing yesterday but it was like 2.23 for premium unleaded. Ready for that? I thought it was supposed to be 3 by now. No, not for you. Mr. 3 not for 3. 3. Oh sorry. Police say clubs are right with prostitution. Oh my. Can't believe that. La Prosta tuta. It's 11 o'clock on a Friday night and how do you pronounce this? It's 11 o'clock on a Friday night and wearing a black slinky mid-route top and a tight leopard print miniscritz struts over to a man sitting in the load of the bar and begins whispering seductively it was here. She touches his thighs as he pulls her closer and she giggles as he tries to touch your breasts. For a few dollars the man was able to buy mhm. She touches his thighs as he pulls her closer and she giggles as he tries to touch your breasts. For a few dollars the man was able to buy mhm. Affection. He paid her lap at his giust or flirt with him to make him feel wanted to feel something and needed. But when he slipped the last drop from his bottle of coars beer, his time was up. What do you just say? What do you just say? It was just a slurpee. So she still got swag over to the next man sitting in the load of the bar. 35 a single mother of two says she doesn't love her job as a wait for a little event of cafeteria third night time bar. But it's the only way she knows how to eat got a living. When I first started working here I felt terrible. A Peruvian set is music player. It's also music. There's a major box at the far back quarter of the dimly lid bar. But then I started making money. I started feeling better. I'm a single mother. I need to pay the rent. The herald is not using last name. We're leaving her employer to protect her identity. She's one of hundreds. If not thousands of bar girls. Many of them undocumented immigrants who work in a thriving and largely secret world under attack by the city of Miami. The employers operate as regular Latin capitalies during the day. But at night their packed with single men. Most of the working class immigrants like George who pay 10 to 15 bucks for bottle of beer that allows them to chat with her growth. These can't let quite women working there. Not a bad deal. Absolutely. The world of the big girls is these bar women. Our call has been spotlighted in the past. We've following the rest of a man police say is the Shenandoah rapist. Renaldo Elias Soda follows Femi of his evening's etiquette. And it's honor to suspect a former employee was one of his victims. Police wouldn't confirm that. This month the city began taking on the illegal establishments tucked in CD corners of Little Havana, Alephata and Flagami. Police say there are hundreds of illegal capitalies. Miami with one nearly every half block in busy thoroughfares like flagless street Southwest A Street and Northwest 7th Avenue. Operating out of dark tinted stir fronts with twinkling neon lights. Some employees many a sturdy bar girls but most have an average of eight. Police say these bars are annutions because they're a breeding ground for drugs prostitution in crime. Last prostitute does and they take average of desperate low income immigrants. The guy probably spent 10 hours working on top of a hot roof. Probably lives with three other guys in illegal unit. He's got an illegal unit. When you think was last time a pretty girl talked to them said, Miami police sergeant Alfredo Alvarez, the police call a high price for a take. There's also a legal because the women who police say were in 50 to $200 a day do not pay taxes on their tips. Bar owners say they're doing nothing wrong but being harassed by police for operating with legitimate business. They say they should not be punished for a few businesses right with criminal activity which they started the exception. Instead of just letting people drink beer they come in here and treat us like the link with the liquids forcing everyone to stand against the wall. The police say they're doing nothing wrong. They say they're doing nothing wrong. They say they're doing nothing wrong. They say they're doing nothing wrong. They say they're doing nothing wrong. They say they're doing nothing wrong. They say they're doing nothing wrong. They say they're doing nothing wrong. They say they're doing nothing wrong. They say they're doing nothing wrong. They say they're doing nothing wrong. They say they're doing nothing wrong. They say they're doing nothing wrong. They say they're doing nothing wrong. They say they're doing nothing wrong. They say they're doing nothing wrong. They say they're doing nothing wrong. They say they say they're doing nothing wrong. They say they're doing nothing wrong. They say they're doing nothing wrong. They say they're doing nothing wrong. They say they're doing nothing wrong. They say they're doing nothing wrong. They say they're doing nothing wrong. They say they're doing nothing wrong. They say they're doing nothing wrong. They say they're doing nothing wrong. They say they're doing nothing wrong. They say they're doing nothing wrong. They say they're doing nothing wrong. They say they're doing nothing wrong. They say they're doing nothing wrong. They say they're doing nothing wrong. They say they're doing nothing wrong. They say they're doing nothing wrong. They say they're doing nothing wrong. They say they're doing nothing wrong. They say they're doing nothing wrong. They say they're doing nothing wrong. They say they're doing nothing wrong. They say they're doing nothing wrong. They say they're doing nothing wrong. They say they're doing nothing wrong. They say they're doing nothing wrong. They say they're doing nothing wrong. They say they're doing nothing wrong. They say they're doing nothing wrong. They say they're doing nothing wrong. They say they're doing nothing wrong. They say they're doing nothing wrong. They say they're doing nothing wrong. They say they're doing nothing wrong. They say they're doing nothing wrong. They say they're doing nothing wrong. They say they're doing nothing wrong. They say they're doing nothing wrong. They say they're doing nothing wrong. They say they're doing nothing wrong. They say they're doing nothing wrong. They say they're doing nothing wrong. They say they're doing nothing wrong. They say they're doing nothing wrong. The one with the barbecue tail. How much is that dog on the menu? I'm sure that the chefs out of jail. That's right. No matter what the weather's like outside, it's always raining cats and dogs at the cafeteria, San Toria of my area. We'll make your stomach stop growling and make your neighbors pit bulls stop doing the same thing. Talk about delicious. Mmm-hmm. Your meal is always fresh. We kill it right on the premises. For a heavenly meal at a sacrifice price, it's the cafeteria, San Toria. Try it once. You'll eat very religiously. How much is that dog on the menu? The one that is fried in deep fat? Please bring me that dog on the menu. And bring a side order of cats. Walk, run, or catch a greyhound for the cafeteria, San Toria of my area. Where we give new meetings to the word, pet food. Of rock. 154-560WQ. I'm looking at this ant colder as we know is in first place all alone, which TV talking hit you pray never to see again. They hate you, and you're a boyfriend, misfudge, they can't stand in meter. And colder 188. But then after that it's a pretty good a house race between three people. Johnny Cockling 43. Dr. Philis moved up to third. 41 votes. You turn. And those, and then Gloria all read with 40. So this three are like within a natural of each other. Nancy Gray 16, George Willake, Craig Katrina Vanden, who will it us six? Very shek five. Baby you can't afford Laura Ingram three. Susan Esther still has only two. I can't believe that she's up not just. Jerry spends two. Debbie Schlossels got two. And no votes for Peggyton or Bernard Goldberg. I haven't seen Bernard Goldberg anywhere. Have you? No. I think that I was like hallucinating. But I don't know how to hear Debbie Schlossels all either. Not yet. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, New Harada. Pretty good. You were mentioning some dead people, 2003 dead people. Right? I got two more names you forgot to mention. Okay. David Brinkley and the top dancer guy. Gregory Hines catch up. Right. Exactly. And that wasn't that long ago either. No, it wasn't. It seems like most of it is just like within last three or four months. Like all of a sudden they're all just dropping. Yeah. And so we went almost to a clock. So we still got the dirty gold. Yeah. Yeah. I'm hanging out with you. I'll say that. Yeah. That's all I got for you. Okay. Thanks, darling. Thank you. Yeah. They're dropping like, I'm not going to play that because I don't want to get my other stuff. And then you know, my luck. Ray, yeah. You know how that works. Sure. Now I'll try it. Because you know what? If it doesn't work, then I can just leave. See I work no problem. 567. Try to keep trying it until it doesn't work. 567. Oh, no. 560. 560. 560 on the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. Joe Angel got screwed over so bad. And it just just want to slap it and right in the push. Because even with all the Marlon success on the field, they still got that day van boring and the broadcast booth on radio. And I don't care what anybody on this station. Including my good friend Moe. Come on, Moe, you're so full of crap. He is so boring. Even vanilla is more exciting than day van boring. And to think of the season that that team. That's one of the reasons that there's so little enthusiasm. You've decided to fact it's a horseball virtually down. And then nobody cares about baseball and they're firm running ponies. But also if you haven't are citing enough to just like Harry Carrey, which there are very few of those guys. But Joe Angel, he stimulated a lot in first-knit team. Didn't he? No, but he at least was exciting. He's good. I like Joe. And so like I said, John Henry screwed him over and then he got a double slap at a face because Dave O'Brien said, oh, guess what? I'm going over the ESPN. Is that okay? Okay. Well, pack your sandwich on a way out. And Joe Angel went to Friscoe with a team that was in a world series last year. And this year is, or they weren't aware of it in a playoff last year. Like I said, against the angels, right? Scott. The animal. I know. I don't need his. Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, you are so weak, man. You're so weak. What, what, what, Ali did the, for real, pick you up on somewhere. He must have picked you up in the alley. Same one right across and we're alligator, Ali. Yeah. Exactly. Same one we're in care to pick up a certain beaner boy that no longer is with us. Or that. Yeah, how's beaner boy doing anybody know? No, I'm not gonna be care. No, I'm not gonna. I don't want to hear about it. Here's sweet water. Hello. All right. Well, I like that. It's the old fart flow. I love this sweet water. Favorite. Ha ha ha ha. Let's try for a little bit. Hello. Hey, how you doing Neil? Pretty good. Hey, thanks for taking my call. Thanks for making your call. You always said that. And it's always, you know, here. You're, you're the only alternative out there. And this is coming from one of the few straight Republican guys in Victoria Park. Really? Got good news. Good news and good news. I'm a five-year survivor of cancer this week. I'm leaving South Florida today. Is that awful going up to Northern Virginia? All right. Where there's a socialism with taxation rather than nothing with taxation. And I can't take the marlins with me. Name them the Metro Marlins. But, you know, go Marlins. And, uh, can't wait to get back to Italy. They need some real food. And there's lots of dead people in Miami. I'm right. I'm right. I'm a big problem. And you. Oh, thanks. Thank you. Good luck here. Bye. He's leaving. Bye. Bye. Well, listen. What can I tell you? They, uh, you know, the smart people and have a chance to first opening. They get there a lot. The desperate people who would like to get out. They may be smart, but they're just stuck. You know what I mean, George? There's stuck. No, what? Oh. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I don't know what we got. Oh, that's a rare. Almost out of time here. We better sneak in the last one for my. In fact, what I'll do is I'll do like Scott likes to do. I'll take the next call on manages time. What are you saying? It's just a joke. Forrel is a lie. At least he admits it. He's a little bit, uh, into himself. You know, he wants to spread his testicles as far as he can. And so that's the reason for that. The night ticket was not on the Him like Griffin beginning. We love for rallies. Great, but he wants to like he's a little on the pushy side. He would like to do five in a morning until about midnight. And let the rest of us just fin for ourselves. He's a real competitor. You know, I'm saying, well, You want that five to 10 a.m. So bad. He can taste it. He can taste your grimy old, uh, Dingleberry laden as absolutely right now. He wants it so bad. But now that he's seen it's really ironic because now the saw comes to the forefront. Like we haven't been making it up just at a time when we and, And you, especially our bonding with Moe, That's right, tightly tightly and the so tight that he actually whipped it out for George's wife. Bye bye. The weather is so unfices on you. You may have a minute for my meal. Have a nice week and a paradise everybody on QM. Thank you.