Why do you first do? We are free! We are free! We are free! We are free! We are free! We are free! Who do I always do? Or me or God? Alright, it's good! It's good! It's power that Elf President say, man. Yeah, I'm the most powerful God damn man in the world. Yes, God am. Alright, it's good! It's good! It's power that Elf President say, man. Yeah, I'm the most powerful God damn man in the world. So, what we can do is we can bring this amazing power to people! Alright, we are free! We can't get that taste of the smell. I mean, it's a good one. He needs to be a percent of the born voice in this country, our secret size. The procedure is widely performed on any sort of anesthesia. I don't think you're going to be able to do it. I'm going to be a good one! Alright, it's good! No God! Oh, God! Oh, God! I need to be a good one! I need to be a good one! Alright, it's good! No God! Oh, God! Oh, God! I need to be a good one! I need to be a good one! I will not say tonight's vlog goes for any other company that perpetuates this kind of behavior. You've got to have to be healthy! God, yeah! You've spurred the healthy God! If you're here again, this is an Ojo and Prolacitor. You don't have a boast but God, I'm not a God. Hey, thank you so much, I'll pay you and I won't pay you. I know that before you work, you'll work. Father O2! God! Thank you, God! Oh, God! Oh, God! If you're very confident you can do it! There, God! God, we're good! How's that handshot? Come on, John! You have no opinion! I don't do much of it. Well, when I'm comfortable, they didn't even know that. It's great radio. I am that hemorrhage. No, we have a longer cord than a piece of crap. Look at this! Look how short this damping is! I'm going to take this cord and I'm going to shove it right up his hand. Okay, let's go on, Neil. This place operates like I'm freaking out how to really do it. I want to be left to freak alone. Okay? I'm in and mine, but just get out of the board, don't be mad! Still up, protect your ass! I'm going to get a deal! God! God! You just surf my eye! There's a one that's kept against our third rod! Yes! Oh, it's a good deal! God! More power than it, I'll present it as they may. Yeah, I'm the most powerful God day man in the world! So we correct her! Poor Latterdale, hello! Hello, Neil! Yes? First again, just had to wish you a very happy anniversary. Thank you. You've given us many, many years. Let's see the way the phones are just lighting up like a Hanukkah bush here. Oh, no. Twenty-seven years on here in Miami and you're at... ...your kidney. No, you're the only call. I would've thought when I sat down here today that it would just be like an explosion on the phone. I'm sure that Mo gave me all his best wishes this morning, giving me a grig, send off. It's hard running over for a minute there on the time. And steady, just get a steady foolish box. Hmm? I'll start you here then. But thank you so much. Well, this is something we said for stability, you know what I'm saying? Neil God. Thanks for the memory, sir. And thanks to Randy Maltosh and the ticket defense team sent over a beautiful plan. Is it a plan or is it flowers? It's a plan to say a beautiful bravillied, which George is going to take home to his lovely wife. And that may pacify her for the weekend anyway. Yeah. And down it, maybe. But thanks again, Randy. Every year, ticket defense team always comes through for me. They're great. They've been on with us for about 100 years. At least. So if you get a ticket, 1-800-741 team is that the right number? I hope yes it is. Well, we can't do lives for them anymore because that's super law. This is an informational thing. Right, just for information, if you do get a traffic ticket, call the ticket defense team. They'll take care of it for you. They are excellent. They're outstanding. Nope, except any emitators of which there are many by the way. Twenty-seven years on air. Well, of course tomorrow's really March 1. But I mean, I guess this concludes 27 years today, right? Right. In that way, look at it. Close it up. And of course, when you're working for Greg Reid, it kind of concludes a lot of things. Oh, brother, stop right there. This last year, boy, I'm going to tell you it's a miracle that any of us are still standing after what Greg Reid is under this radio station. Some of us are special. So you power 96. I mean, he can't mess with that because he doesn't own any part of that. And basically, that's a kid's scurvy and the Tanner thing. So they like to do their thing and they're like kick an ass. Kiss? Kiss? Kiss? He's not involved in kiss. Right? Who brought it? I kissed now. I don't know what. I'll slide out of my way. We don't know, but they're doing very well, no matter fact, country kiss, FN, that knows Pick and Station Man, they're kicking ass. They're kissing ass. But unfortunately for us, WQA, I'm as partly owned by the Greg Reid, myster, who just keeps... Well, it wasn't bad enough when he kept sticking his finger in that hole and has said, but now he keeps sticking his finger in the pie. You know, like a little kid, sticks his finger in the pie and starts messing it all around. And you got to... Before you know what, you got to just crap all over the place. Is what you got. Well, speaking of crap all over the place, there's a rumor around the building that Moa took a big dump out in front of the control room door this morning. To prove to everybody after that nice trend yesterday, they really doesn't stink. And we heard he's wrong. And the rumor was... He's wrong. Is that, maybe, just build his bag? I don't know. And you know what, as Yolanda came back today, now that the coast was clear, they got a big number. They're a 5-5 and that individual month there. It won't happen again. We got punishment. We got punished man. We got punished big time. The rushes came out. The right wingers, and let me just say this to you right now, right up front. Because we've been this through this before in the fall of 2000. And when we hit all the Chad County going on on the thing drag on for like three months, and we got punished then by the right wingers. They even want to listen because they're good religious folks much better than we are. But they lie. And so they won't put it down. And they'll put down their list and they're rushed there. Listen to magic. They're listening to any and of course Mo is also the anti-neal now. So they've more listening to him in this last couple of months. We'll have an again. Well, it all depends. And quite frankly, we don't care anymore. It's just, you know, I mean, this is what you want to Greg. You screwed up two day parts out of your, you're two biggest day parts midday and Hank. You screwed them both up. So what can I tell you? That's just my message to Greg Reed. You know, you messed with success. We see it happen over and over again. So whatever, you know, however everything falls out. It all comes right back to the top. You know what they say about the fish stinks from the head? Yeah. The couple who most made you say what the F.A. she doing with him is we had almost a thousand votes on his yesterday, which is shocking because it took a long time to get this thing put together. And I know that we get, you know, get that much response. I thought it was a cute poll. Somebody said it. What the F.A. she doing with him. Lisa Marie and Michael Jackson went 179 votes. Carmen Lecred Dennis Rodman 143. Pretty good battle there. And also a very good battle for second place. Julia Roberts and Lyle. I love it. 141. Katherine Z. Jones and Michael Douglas 57. Well, I see it was way down after those top three, right? Angelina Jolie and Billy Bob Thornton 42. Jennifer Lopez and Puff Ditty 42. And Brittany Spares and just in two years about, think about what we have 39. Yeah. That's weak. What is with you people, man? They aren't listening to Joe and Mark enough to get the Brittany stuff. No. Look at him. And if they start to you and idiot end, Dave Hyde had a great column. Oh, why do what that right wing ass will call mode this morning? That's when the luckily George came in and shut it off right in the middle of that column. Thank you for doing it. I'm starting to get filming it them out. See, this is another thing. Now, not only is Moe the anti-neal, he's also the new hero of the right wingers because he's not mecing. So therefore, he's the new hero. You know, people like Crazy Dennis and then this guy that called in this morning, excoriating that lady basketball player for and a Dave Hyde, your story was so good, you're calm to be in the sun, but actually we put it on our website. How do you like that? Which I never do that. For a rare, it must be the one he's writing this year that's good enough to put on there. So if he's doing right wing us, stuff is he not using French words anymore? Moe. Jennifer Lopez and P. Diddy had 42 like I said, Brittany Spears and just in 39, a cold brown in O.J. Simpson 33. Angie Dickinson and Larry King had 31. Uh-huh. And from there I'm not going to read the whole thing. The long was. It was fun. It was okay. It had his moments. I give it about a 2.5 on a scale of 10. Got it. Not a very exciting pull that a bit important one. See, because we're going to just press ahead. We'll see if we can whip up the people who are either moderate or liberal or are not right wing Bible thumping bushlickers. Okay. Now let's certainly people agree with everything I say on a show, but people at least are, you know, it will only do admit they listen to the show. We have the biggest guy named Closet audience out there and I'm talking about the sex closet. I'm just talking about the general Biggo laundry closet. We have the biggest damn closet audience in there. And not only that, but this was a real spow and show trend again. My God. Is there anybody left in South Florida speaking with you? God, radio Mambi, see we keep hearing this crap. All those old Cubans van are going to die off and everything's going to change. Oh yeah, right. They might change their guayabirra once a month. That's about it. Same old stuff. Radio Mambi, number one station in the market, baby. 710, formerly WGBS, that must make Ken, Ken's, Maldon's guts twist, you know. Think it or when it used to be GBS, what a great station that was, or what a marginal, at least something, you know. And now with a radio Mambi, come on east to come on east to the same old paragraph. I bet you make yellowishness to that. No one surprised me. He's probably the only listeners that got under the age of 100. Carlos, he's one dimensional. So they had gigantic numbers. So basically it was a right wing trend again. The numbers there. Are we concerned about it? No, no. No. In fact, there was quite a bit of angst around a building. The fact that Maldon did find to get a number in there. You think that people would say, Hey, finally, maybe he's turned into a corner. And a lot of people were saying basically, oh, jeez, we thought he was like, you know. Scraping a bottom. Didn't happen though. So he clings. We've seen this happen before, you know, the radio clings on. He clings desperately to existence with one month. See one month don't make a career, okay? And maybe he is going to be our new leader on QM. Wouldn't that be nice for change? Take the eat off of us. Maybe Mo is going to have the big number every month. No, I don't think so. Could be wrong. We'll see. And we're even the poll we took the other day. Mm-hmm. About the I'd rather die then. And he came in a distant third, right? Then vote for George Bush. I think came up way ahead. And a couple of those. And he was like third on there. He's small potatoes now. Either that or maybe our audiences take an liking to him. What do you think? Take an asshine to take an asshine. Remember G.O.G. David Shine? And we're at Cone? Anyway, come on it's after 9 at 560 WCM. Happy anniversary Neil. Thank you. 27 years on the year in South Florida. WKATWNWSWINZ. Zeta. WIOT. And now this. Our new model, by the way, is we're WQAM. We're radio-ish. Yeah, we're like the Olive Garden. They're Italian. We're radio-ish. Maybe we're not like a real radio station, but we're... Anybody see our billboards yet? No. Anyway, here's a great place. Do you like the West Booker for all you people that are so frustrated? Because even though you can find the meat and the cheese and the seafood and the cheese and the meat and your supermarket, for the Atkinson, the low carb dies, you need some variety. Well, here's a story that's dedicated to giving you exactly that. The lights of West Booker that got over 600. Delicious low carb food products, including all kinds of snacks, and things to keep you on the Atkinson on the straight narrow path without cheating. This week, you can sample their new low carb tortilla chips in original or pico gallophilver by carb since. And with a great tasting low carb, we'll share it by Walden Farm. You put all these things together, you'll be in Shnaq Heaven. So, whether it's the carb or light ice cream, Brad's chips, muffins, cheese, case, pasta, and sauces, the lights of West Booker is the story you're going to want to check out for sure. And don't forget at the lights, unlike just about any other place you can try it before you buy it. Their staff knows the Atkins' diet and all the other low carb diets inside, and out their open seven days a week, 10 to 10. And they create the most complete line of Atkins brand products in a world always 25-25 percent of all day every day. The books, the vitamins, and all the food products, of course. Head for the number one low carb sugar feaster in a worldy, lights of West Booker. You'll find them on the Northeast corner of blades and 441 right next to Boston Market. Are column toll free, 1-877 low carb, or find them on the web at lowcarb.com. And be sure and tell them at old PDLenny, since you're via to the lights of West Booker. And low, this is 42056. You weigh 2,000 yen. No, hang this up baby. On the next three, start dates. Hi, this is Jordan Black. I'm in the house of Cindy Miller from Chilla Coffee, Ohio. Alright Cindy, it's time to open up to envelope and see who your star date is going to be. I'm so excited. Oh my god. That's right, Cindy Miller. Take you right to the palace baby. You're going to never name it, we might go to Angel in your star date. Yes, Cindy's all pumped up, let's go. Don't make me go. Get the car. Get in the car. Tell my son. Get your wife out of the car. When Cindy arrived, it never land ran. She came face to face with Michael. Get out of the car. Get out of the car. Get out of the car. Get your wife out of the car. There he is right there. I don't know. Michael, Michael, this is Cindy. Cindy, this is Michael. Michael, like what he sees. Don't you Michael? Yep. How about you Cindy? The couple spent time together talking about their favorite music. I love them. Like, some of my childhood are smile, you know? I think so. Or people, if I borrow a star chain, something is beautiful, no? Oh, oh, oh. And it's in a smoothie. It's not, you know, anything that's dangerous from this. It's just comfortable. What are you talking about? The tuition's really... You want to have sex? Sure. A couple then got down. There's some serious love making. I got to tell you, that was the most bizarre 30 seconds of my freaking life. But Michael liked it. It's very special. You really were underruse. Pomey. And you should hear what he calls his, you know, things. I call it my giving treat because it inspires me. More like the barely giving twig. It's an all new star date on the entertainment television. I got a lot of times, but I think my brother Marlon got it the most. Yeah, I did it as a brother-luck. What can I say? I was more attracted to Marlon. That's freak. Michael, he was just so nervous. So scared that we, we encourage you to take. If you'd down me. I'm from StarDates. No. Nine and nine, seeing another one. It ends like real quick like that. Here's a call from dear field B, fellow. New York. Happy anniversary, bud. Thank you so much, sir. Fantastic show. I think you should play bits on how we're day with all day since the This is your anniversary. I think it's a good idea. I think we'll immerse them all through the show to the each and every one of them. I agree. And I also could you play if you get a chance a bit on. With George Bush and Ellie and father. I'll think about it. If I'm really a benevolent mood. And George sucks in one more thing. Yeah. All right. Excellent. Here's the fact that says, hello, Neil. Happy anniversary from Elduff. It also says, don't eat you. Is what it says on the bottom. I guess you didn't think my eye set was good enough to catch that. I think it was thought about you, George. Oh. But then again, that's what everybody. At least they're consistent. Here's the fact from Matt says, happy anniversary. By the way, most of the smallings been go to the doctor for stress test. Recently because he's in his 50s, Jesus. He's got to be in 150s. I think he got your thumb on a map. See, now at least he's mitting admitting the 50s. Okay. I mean, what is this man talking about? And then you told me he was talking about how good he looks. That's what Eric said. You should take this. He's talking about his compared to what? A pile of pukes. He looks good. My God. He looks like George raft 80 years after we last saw him with a bad hair piece. Anyway, we don't care about that. I don't have to see him. So what happens is a man? I'll take a big number in there, baby. The, my, my, my, myster. A 5 5 in January and man 18. Plus leading the way on QAM where we're ready to wish. Anybody seen a billboard yet? No. Just asking. Here's the pull for today. Let's get it up there. Eric can get it over with. Okay. This is not. This isn't a brain crusher doesn't require like any political or anything like that. Judgments just a little survey. Saturday March 1st is meals 27th anniversary on year in Miami. How long have you been listening? See, that's not very controversial is it? No, or complicated or complicated? While it might be because they got to start counting now. And we got, let's see, 3 6 8 choices. All 27 years, which I don't think there's going to be too many of those. Going way back to March of 76. Oh, God. Over 20 years. Over 15 years, over 10 years. Since we got into QAM five years. A couple of years less than one year or less than six months. Now, I mean, I've granted I could have put like all kinds of numbers there. May to come because we're going to do that. What? Less than a day. No, get it. I hear. Less than a minute. Less than a minute. That was more than enough. How long you've been listening to this show all 27 years over 20 years? All 15 years, over 10 years. What? And then we'd there right. Since WQAM five years, a couple of years less than one year. Less than six months. Let's see how many new listeners we have. We'll let tremendous promotion. We got to see that's what I started to mention before about power 96 and kiss in this And that I don't know if kiss gets any promotion. Do they? I don't know. Because we sure is held out. Supposedly we got those billboards up there now, but it's a little bit late. You know what I'm saying? I think what Greg Reed believes is that the audience just will continue multiplying and growing by osmosis. You know, and now that we got Fox sports on there, if you know, we'd like pet the, what's his name says? What the, this is name. Power. Oh, great. Period. Like he says, and of course we all hold our size and laughter. Oh yeah, it's good because it brings more people to create more people on the sports radio. Ha, it creates more sports radio, listen to more sports nerds, like they're pumping out of factory somewhere. I don't think so, Ray. You're a good guy, but keep your nose out of programming. You know nothing. Kind of like Greg. What a joke. And so the audience, you know, they die off. They move out of town. They get tired of us or whatever. And we don't replace them with anybody because nobody has any clue what they'll we do on his station. Even the sports nerds. I've never worked on a station that promoted his little is this one. He used to belly a kevout at an IOD, but every once in a while, you know, they would do something. Yeah. But here, it's like, well, you know, promises and promises. And meanwhile, power 96 has got every guy damn bus bench, every bus, right? They're buying their audience, they're paying you like $50,000 to listen for an hour, whatever they're giving away $0.00. Give it away. Zillions of dollars over there. That's why the number one. They got every ethnic punk in town listening to, well, power 96, except the ones that listen to Jamad, the ones that are Jamad. And that's because they're getting paid $450,000 an hour to listen to that crap. And so their number one. How many young people even though the show was on ear anymore? Two of them said, right? How will they? I don't know. Well, they're searching through the AM dial looking for some music. Right. Exactly. Well, they're scouring the AM dial. That's, that's when they find this thing. Even if you do scouring the AM dial, you probably won't find us anyway. Right. See the fan. They were like, what were they like, 1780, something like that, like way off the far right of the dial? We're way off the far left of the dial, which of course is a problem. Because being left these days, not a good idea. Five, 60, who now turns that af, five, 60, nobody. So even like somebody new comes in a town, how long will they whether they refine this place? You gotta go out there and tap somebody on the shoulder, Greg. We gotta have something, okay? Instead of constantly interfering in screwing with a programming and screwing over people's life, how about giving us a little something? Throw us a bone? Throw us a little bone? By the way, did I get a message from Greg Reed happy, 27th anniversary? Thanks for working all week, sick? I'm glad you're better after you're stroked, did I get such a message? No. No. No, but he wants to get a hold of PD Laney to find out if he's really leaving to go to another company because some asshole wrote an anonymous letter from Phoenix. Arizona, and we got a copy of his well. This is our fearless leader, ladies and gentlemen. This is the man in whose hands we've paid our entire careers and live. 27 years in the air Miami. And my life is in a hand to this bozo, this silly person. I mean, even does sense via a facts happy anniversary, yeah? A little something, not one from Clarence, I don't see. I'll always do get to check this week, so that's all accounts. Just forget about happy anniversary, Clarence, I'll take the paycheck. But that's right, you know what he's busy with? Yeah, I know exactly what he's busy with. Sports? Yeah. Here's a call from dear field, hello. Happy anniversary, Neil. Thank you. I've been listening since I used to tell me exactly when this probably was. But this sounds like Reverend Jones. It's Dr. Mikey in the morning, man. Here we go. This is Reverend Jones. Huh? You're gay. Go ahead. When how long did Rick and son replace Steve King? I was, I'd listen about gay two years before he came. You keep a straight face, can you Reverend? You're gay. I thought that you were going to fight in the Vegas this weekend. Hank was going out of your fight. You got the wrong person, Neil. Okay, okay. That Reverend Jones? No, you're gay. I got a question. The, um, that was good. You have, uh, if, if, if, if, if, if I don't buy house? Uh, what, that's from your first show on the air or no? From the first show on the air? Yeah, why? I was going to be a whole fire house. Right, what that was, that was a way later. We didn't have any clips like that from KAT. Are you kidding me? I was curious. We're lucky we could crank up that old transmitter. Get those final tubes going on that place. Have a great day. Reverend Jones. Thank you. That was him. I don't know. It sounded just like him. Sure. You always say everybody's Reverend Jones. By the way, don't let me forget to read those promos about all the stuff you guys got going on. And about Projo Castello gets ripped by Jim Sarnick. I mean, I ripped them for, I ripped the station for putting them on the middle of the day. But, but the crap that he writes. And of course he's busy pumping up, uh, WRFX the morning bullpen. Boy, oh boy, this Jim Sarnick man. Let me tell you. What an asshole. I think he's dating Tom Jick. I think it's, uh, you know, he's rubbing his bald spot. Is what I think. Although Jim Sarnick's a lot uglier than Jick will ever be. Twenty seven after nine at five, 16 WQM were ready to wish. I'll take you some guys who are like for realish. Tom, layman and Joe for eight would have the Pontiac GMC. These are real guys. These are real people. This is a real dealership. Not pretend. Like we are. And our friends in hell at Pontiac. And getting choked up about a proud one out. Three great Neo Rogers. Neal deals are going on right now. Boy, I felt like some mungthoo in my mouth, you know what? Yeah. I better get that air purifier in the studio immediately. Right at Drainabrake. Neal deal number one at Hallett right now. Get zero percent financing. All GMC 1500 series pickups. You heard right. Zero percent of all 1500 series pickups. Neal deal number two. Lisa GMC envoy just $299 bucks a month plus tax. For 48 months you heard correct. Only $299 a month plus tax. Neal deal number three by a Pontiac Bible. $999 bucks a month. You heard correctly only $1.99 a month. And Hallett's also was always got great Neal deals on use car trucks. SUVs. And if any other car dealer and town says hey, equities kind of marginal. Get out of that place and head immediately for Hallett because credit is never a problem for you at Hallett Pontiac GMC. Right now don't forget the great Neal deal triple header going on at Hallett Pontiac at 134146 E Highway that's US 1 across from the falls. Open every day of your life seven days week. Sub Christmas day. For more information called the Neal deal hotline tool for eat. 1 triple 8 5 3 4 4 4 2 11. That's 1 triple 8 5 3 4 4 4 2 11. And don't forget all Neal deals are submitted credit approval. Hallett Pontiac GMC would like to wish out right in your ear. We are professional grades. 9 6 6 5 6 3 0 your Why do you bestance Women that home or when I drive all that I hear All day and night, the same all the songs, All right, we choose all over for free. We've got them all, the talent is gone. Now all that's learned are the opnons, There is weight of breath and made me tonight If only for you to change, oh my brain's tailed too long If you draw again one life, The best voice, Let's go grateful Let me go so far Shall we pass on to? Come back from air. Just disappear, I'm in love with you how to be yourз You love Zaka, you're far enough to go Way to go, way to go Oh we humans, they need you to do Right wing caught up, Nazi boop boop Oh we humans, they need only cars The opal talent, wanna be the boss Oh we humans, they're bushling in As you sing blow hearts, at tempo runs Oh we humans, they're confused music And then when we love, war brings future Oh we humans, no more programming Fishes babies, bushling, they're bushling Oh we humans, they're bushling Oh we humans, they're bushling Oh we humans, they're bushling Fishes species, they're confused music Right wing boop 934-560, that's right All rush all day, day, day, day, day Oh, day, day, day, day, day Right, and then of course, bush mid All shmit all day All right wingers, baby, it's interesting First of was TV, it was all fox all day All propaganda from the far right And now we got on the same thing on a radio By the way, the FCC is having their hearings today And it's just astonishing, it's shocking About further devigulation Michael Powell, who of course is colon Powell, son On the chairman of the FCC, he and the other two are publicans on the FCC They wanna have like totally regulation In other words, if three companies on every radio station American, every TV station, every newspaper That's okay with them, that's too many Oh, like I said, if one company like queer channel I'm beginning to wonder about arbitron too You know, after that survey that we talked about You're a muslim, can we hear that story? Way ahead of this trend I don't wanna say that the fix was in because we had an off month It wasn't that bad, but I don't wanna say the fix is in You fakers up there at Belstil, Maryland But it certainly is suspicious that all you can find That was right wingers You can't find anybody else Big army says head of wish you a happy 27th Way to go, you're in a right business with a gift of gab Me on the other hand, I'm in the 30th year in a marine business And I don't go boating because I get seasick This is big army Who's that way, big army? We want you around, okay? Here's one from listener George, who's kind of chronic happy anniversary Yesterday, we forgot sunny and shared Greg Alman and share And Gene Simmons and shared Now who is the great looking one in that bunch? Ah, good question Yeah, good question I'll think about it, George, thank you 5, 6, 7, so anyway, before we get back to your calls Which I'm sure will have a zillion Well, ready? Yeah, that guy's don't have anything to say Let's see, QMs, Panther deals Expiring and the heat with Diode And QML pursue the heat did I tell you that many days ago? Did it? Yes, I did, you weren't paying any attention It's a sports thing, I say And about the ratings suck on the sports And all of a sudden, I'm on your right, very they do And you suck too, very, you're an idiot But not as big of an idiot as Jim Sarnian A son sent him who writes in his Friday Supposed Broadcast column The worst broadcast come ever seen in my life, by the way The new and improved morning Vulpin On WRFX 940, well air special editions of Tenis Talk Live on the International Tenis Championships in Del Rey Beach next week Oh, right Seven way PM went to your Friday Carl Foster Anita Marks and John Weener will also broadcast the morning show live For more than two weeks, lunch is in Friday The morning Vulpin will also be at the Honda Classic Got a Yuddy So here's on our shameless plug for Fox Sports And John Weener, remember what I used to say about him When he was on QAM, he doesn't belong on the air for a second Which we have a couple more like that You know what I mean? Anyway, yeah But anyways, so he goes in the last paragraph Jim Sarni writes And I'll tell you right up front, I was Chastising our middle-level management people For having Joe and Mark on in the middle of the day, remember that? Right, which they filled in for Hank on Wednesday Who's been cooperating with his voice I talked to the Harper yesterday, so he just had bronchitis He's okay But anyways, so they filled in Wednesday And I said, what are they doing on any afternoon? You know, they don't But he writes, no, your audience Joe and Mark filled in for Hank Oldberg on Wednesday And the first thing they talked about with the Brittany Spears Tabloid cocaine rumors That's fine for the 3am crowd But the 3pm listeners are tuning out I could spend the whole rest of the show analyzing This one-shore paragraph on an asshole we're dealing with And a kind of local newspapers we've got Okay In other words, the 3pm to the sports people They're not going to hear what they're not interested in Brittany Spears Right How many times, how much time does Mad Dog take? Which of course is Sarnys GoodBuddy, so he will never knock the Mad Dog any better not But how much time does he take talking about a really marginal broads Like Red of Uncusterin and this one and that one and Brittany And whoever else he happens to have the host for that day All the time, and if Hank on guarantee would have had that friend Friend in Bob Brittany snorting coke off the toilet seat He would have used it Yeah, the 3pm listeners are tuning out In other words, if we don't talk all sports the whole time Then those sports nerds there either because sports nerds aren't interested in sex Let's face it Well, no, not with girls Oh, that's right because it's a gay club In addition to which they were on for one day They were on the field in for four hours, one freaking day Sarnys, you jackass So in other words, here he spends part of his column promoting the A competition over there and I used that term loosely With our marginal numbers, almost non-existent And he takes his shot here at Joe and Mark Which I'd great you, they got a Julian Al Safemar at show But nevertheless, what's wrong with talking about Brittany snorting coke off the guy Damn, uh, toilet seat Which he's chewing the suit in the tabloids for printing that Well, what's wrong with talking about it So James Sarnys, I understand that you're over the age of 100 And you're when anybody looks like you probably hasn't got laid in at least 20 years If ever But there are even a sports guy who's wanting to hear about Brittany And about getting laid and about snorting coke off the toilet seat You're an asshole, Sarnys, you're what's wrong with soft lord I mean, you and your whole goddamn newspaper You and Jika who writes more goddamn puff pieces about network TV Than anybody in history of mankind has written anything about local in about 20 years now And this is what you've got for journalism No wonder the average mentality that IQ and soft lord is in the minus column With what they give with fed by the goddamn media Which is another reason I say thank God For this show These people ought to be on their hands and knees at their radio's right now You know how the Muslims do on their carpets and their life and carpet That's what the audience ought to be doing a limbo rock at the radio's right now on a carpet Of course, you know our crowd most probably are on the floor anyway Don't forget stop by Verizon wireless this afternoon 5 to 6pm at 69 89 West Rard Boulevard and Plantation When prizes registered to win tickets to not coming slow to Marlon's home game So I guess Miguel will be there, huh? Correct. You can go over there and hit on Miguel Say, gee, look all this goes in Rikai. I saw in Rikai on the TV last night on some taped thing on on much music Mm-hmm. He looked pretty good couldn't sing on note But he looked damn good. Love you and Rikai Also joins your car still 5 to 7 at Armstrong Toyota. Ha ha ha homestead. See I'm tongue tied is that today? It's today stop by the wood tickets to the Toyota ND300 and Keynes tickets plus enjoy free food from Atlantic City Somes were bred and I remake the difference so you can go ahead and see your custom Armstrong Toyota of homestead 5 to 7 to 7 Say hey Joe better stop talking about Brittany because Jim Sarnie's gonna keep ripping you an ass At least they got their names in a paper okay, which is something At least you got you on mark in there. You're a jackass Jim Sarnie. Okay You're a moron and did he ever say hey what about Joe's a gackie filling in as much as we like him personally What about the gackie filling in for the Humper? The most coma inducing tune out in the history mankind is he ever written one word like that? No, no No, well, Joe's a gackie doesn't talk about Brittany. Oh, the auto F*** all if Joe's a gackie Red that story that was in the tabloids about her allegedly and snorting coke off the toilet seat. I'll need have to say it be Oh my right and your ticket of 20 sure. That's all for four hours Oh my oh my and play that Brittany's music in the background Sarnie you're an old buddy that he may be here a fossil you're something from out of the district you're a news paper dinosaur 941 at 560 WQM for years now have been telling about the health benefits of audio med and I keep telling you because the stuff ready works The dust stuff for people. All you met soft yels contain pharmaceutical rate olive oil not just ordinary pedestrian everyday olive oil But super concentrated and loaded with health benefits. All you met everyday can help reduce the risk of heart disease and high cholesterol Plus there are 14 different audio med formulas for you to choose from each one combines pharmaceutical rate olive oil with vitamins Minimum animals and rebels to support specific health needs from bones to blood pressure to your immune system Just use the formulas that are right for you and what you'd be needing and now there are three bread new Oliomite formulas. One to help you sleep when to help you control your weight Yeah, and cook you 10 for your heart You'll find Oliomite all over town a more more stores are carrying it because more and more people are poppin it in their posts Oliomites available at public's echids wall greens whole food markets and a whirlwind Sedanos We can order it online Oliomiteamerica.com and get more information about Oliomite and their sensational products by calling them tool free 1 866 Oliomid that's 1 866 6536633 Oh Oh, we're supposed to be your 566 You a m That's bad I'm honored and grateful that you were singing today Get me my most valuable friend for what reason do you bother me today? I want a sensational and moat Can you walk as he comes to his herbs that you've made? These are me men of every mean men. Do you want to be marbleized? You're mistaken as to, but I will have a taken care of Thank you, Godfather, dad What a joy What a joy Do you support What a joy What a joy What a joy What a joy Time to some sesame seed crunch What a hack it Yeah, but you thought I would say didn't you? I'm not talking My 20 get a piece of shit I'm not mow I'm just filling in to the amboca brine I must have got confused the cake and that it looked like an ice cream Yeah, that doesn't matter So, where's mow? We know it's guilty but a contract out of them so he's siding out at school Goodness School didn't he? Yeah, and he's using clearance for a human shoe I know that's going Come on, let's go I got a doubt that's going to catch up Okay, to the love bump I think my son's got his phone Would you be like another kithiko? Yes Very well You know, Clarence, what do you say we blow this bot stand for a little sport-hones Spoon you to the doomsday Oh, I'm really sure to get him backwards Oh, don't say it back Let's go, you know, I guess Sports Let's go, let's go Sports 92ump Justice Specifically You might have a little n enters Ha ha Ah I got you What a joke Frankie He's good Hi there My goodness duplets You literally say what you're doing out wiggin five inch heels Well my wife likes it so much. Are you always dressed like this now? She's Oh, you're like him better than me Sports Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh What's next? Dead baby? Baby Stay till you're fired out 947 at 560 WPM. What's the schedule look like today? We got the man there to go one the Humphrey at the three Three to six fifty six fifty we got you and again sitting at all baseball You haven't had a little a few problems there, but they'll overcome After the baseball game at he came from G.A. and ESPN radio overnight, which ain't no joint mark outside of that It will not be talking about Britney Spears Thornton co-cop a alleged toilet seat on ESPN radio Which is why nobody's listening to it. Here's some more facts Let me take some calls first or because a lot of people dropped off They're kind of hang on to say happy anniversary because twenty seven eight of very exciting number You know, no, it's funny. But then a verse we was a big I didn't see anything in the morning news papers about it by the way Just ending the Sun Sentinel and jikas column. Well, what I had to look did you see Jin Sarney say 27 years on a year in a market for a midday guy in your Rogers on small sports QAM Do you see that no, he's too busy ripping you a market promoting fox sports You jackass man Even Mo is pissed off about that all those promotions for the competition over there He must be I'm a mobile shirt at them. Majum Sarney you asshole. Yeah, amen Airbie chance he gets just ripping and ripping and ripping except the course for his post personal buddies Which would I mention who they are you know, right? Right wouldn't knock them you asshole right? How about a boost for our close personal buddy? Mo Mr. asshole god. We hate Jim Sarney. I'm gonna make me over the weekend a Jim Sarney voodoo You asshole Here's the facts from Adrian says happy anniversary to use school a screwdriver itself hitting spik it's been 20 70 years That magnificent things I'm only 20 what does it take 24? But unless the new for six years now I never once have I strayed maybe when the mumble resigned not that I have anything yet George great guy. Yeah, right? Met a once or twice in his appearances anyway keep on doing a great Schmidt you're doing it. I will too nice going ahead Keep This morning man YouTube oh brother Here's what it says and I like this happy anniversary Neil if you listen to the great copy and boom show yet They're no longer on here by the way. This is the guy I'm ever used to call us all the time About Kali and booms. Oh, yeah, what is wrong with you today? You're like off your feet You might you must have shank your brains out Now I don't understand this one because it's unsigned the rod co-group and for Lardale Do we have any idea who that is? Nope about the congratulations on 27 years of Hellessaw Flood Ten of the WFTR reunion is against a great worthy I've had more fun having a root canal Mr. Ego was there along with his close personal buddy Brian Craig the two of them are joined at the hip by the way Little Brian he belongs on the air like my little dog did I was expecting Alan in fact even now in A form of ashes my little dog would do a better job on it little Brian Craig little Queensland Whatever you say whatever you say Mr. Ego whatever you say I was expecting Alice right now the walk-in, but was an old show I'm not sure what happened normal. I can't maybe she was I'd drive your new Volvo SUV Craig says hello in a month's no can I order a second dinner and answer Craig is oh good luck It's Greg leave me alone. How's the pull coming out see this is not this is not the sexy pull It's not like this one against that one there's no anger or hostility involved so he's also probably be a little slow But it's informative and take a look at how interesting this is 86 votes How long you've been listening to this program over 10 years 23 Over 15 years 18 since QAM only five years 13 all 27 years 12 oh really 11 because one was me because I have no choice All 27 years 12 you believe that? That's a shocking number a couple of years nine over 20 years nine wow Let's now wait to think it to these less than a year one and less than six months one there you go Greg no wonder Greg Don't want to send me a fact saying happy anniversary Neil happy 27 years on here in Miami because he's embarrassed is hell and I would be too He puts all the stuff in a contract. Oh, they're gonna do this and they're gonna do yeah, right liar liar pants on fire You asshole right and I'm gonna go get him That's what I said when I was down it is last time in January I said the most of what you think of our fearless leader We said you asshole only was talking to me God One One less than six months than one less than a year does that tell you this am I making my point for you? Huh? I know we're gonna have you get a new audience from my ass Moses If we got a factory somewhere we stamp him out and then currencies sitting there will you the audience is getting older They're of course it's getting older pretty soon. They're all gonna be dead You got to go out and drive up a new audience you got to say especially on AM radio and a transit market lifestyle Florida Were they coming go like like through cakes on banana boats my god Just keep talking to good game and promising they're gonna do this. They're gonna do that and the meantime just get on the spot That's all just get on the spots Do the best you can and that's all we're doing See here. Let me get in two worked up don't get worked out. I shouldn't be doing that. Thanks the more tea And I will tell you my goal now is I will unless I quote first, which I'm trying not to do But I did drink some tea. I had my scuffer rub tea. That's enough And I brought my air purifier in here, which is really that's why I'm coughing Look at all a crap out of here. No, it's it's clearing it out But my goal now is I will make 30 years Yeah, then they will fear me So now the woods three more. I mean it's supposed to be four more, but I you know I forget about it Here's the call from West Palm Beach, hello At the anniversary meal. Thank you so much sir great show George. Oh, hey, I think I've got about 9 in that's part of listening because of a hockey talk actually really yeah how much does Panthers have Panthers and he's both stuck to join out last night the last mail when we call for my dad Yeah, they're done Well, not kind of dumped really very well Anyway, I just think the Government is looking to get one two or three big businesses and every every major category between radio Retail and that's the way they can get for everything that's right pretty soon When I'm out of what you buy you'll have to go to Walmart and you'll have to listen to the flu channel and they'll have to read the Washington Times that'll be a Let me too all companies and Throwing a lot easier to control a couple companies and it's up whole and so in the pen and so there you go That's right. That's what I'm going on for you got it You're going to be out of it. You're going to get out of the bed just in five before the whole Top it and you know about a week Yeah, it would be all rush and rush clones don't be on a radio Yeah, well look what MSNBC did not know when they blow out Donnie you now they hire three outright wingers that they put on there It did I mean what are those kiddany, buddy? You know? I can't even watch those anymore The other washable all right wing all day. We'll have a great weekend pal Great thanks for the memories. I'm glad he mentioned something about the government because I don't want to get too heavy here today, but That frontline showed that everybody said oh you got to watch that on PBS So I taped it yesterday afternoon. I sat there after my soap opera's of course, which take person and say if you're general I mean guiding light in the passion and I dedicated one whole hour to watching it from start to finish pretty good Oh my god. I mean what is wrong with this crowd out there huh? What are we starting what are they thinking about? In fact, I had like pinch myself Oh Great good lord. We got into it. There was nothing new on there. There was nothing that we didn't already know so wolf or which is a hawk and Scooter Libby is a hawk and yaddi yaddi yaddi and this one said this and there was nothing new or revealing or citing on there This is the reason that nobody even watches PBS because they don't 99% of the time even on that frontline show that's supposed to be so Daring and such an expose. They don't see a goddamn thing You'll get more sighting stuff on 60 minutes than you get on front line. I'll hear in Tia that Even if it's only any loony's eyebrows And look at this look at the foot where they're dropping off here. I mean branded. It's not exciting. Hey happy anniversary They got nothing to say anyway, but it's least it's something it's a hook, you know. Yeah, it's a little bit of a markawari Yeah, see I'm serious this is pretty goddamn disappointing, which is good because you want to be disappointed when you run here in South Florida They never let you down you expect them to disappoint they disappoint Yeah, but the good news is yeah the less than a year and less than six months. That's about to each now It's not gonna make any difference what it is because it I've already made my point. I've already made the point What's the point and it's not just me? It's the entire radio station look at the erosion And it's got nothing to do with fox sports and it's got nothing to do with their rush It what it has to do is the fact that we got people sitting back just thinking that they can operate on their good looks or something I believe me Greg I've seen you and gonna go too far. Okay You're not gonna go too far looking like that especially with that haircut With that Luis Miguel Faggy haircut So let's go already anybody seen our new billboards yet. No those big QA billboards tomorrow's the first of March the eyes of March are not too far off And we're still worried about where's the first goddamn billboards? Hey, don't anybody ever call me again and come here to watch some crappy show like that front line thing, okay? I mean, you guys had good intentions all breakfast. Oh, you got to see this that it's so unbelievable It was crap Anybody who doesn't know that stuff is busy you are watching Joe billionaire too much or something like oh We got that list of billioners by the way all per se a billionaire now. Are we excited about that? No, are we thrilled? And she have a lot of talent. Oh, go to show you 957 at 560 WQM and you left the house this morning Did you notice how dirty how schmuzzi how nasty looking your car was you didn't have time to wash it and also called car washes And gas stations don't get it done right the way you like well here's a great idea for you take your car this weekend to University car wash and lube They're on University drive between sterling and Griffin roads and David they do it all for you Full service washes the let's wash his hand washes a hand job the likes of what you sell them seen complete detail and rub shampoing Right now at University car wash and lube you get unlimited full service car washes as little as 3295 for the entire month That's right just 3295 you can get a wash every day if you want the oil change get a complete quality pens oil oil change and free full service car wash Only 2295 in your setup for their per free preferred customer card So keep that new car shine all winter long only from university car wash and lube and If you're snowboard need to get that car look and brand new again stop by university car wash and lube this weekend is the time to do it Get the schmuzzi and rhyme off of that car at University car wash and lube there the best University car wash and lube you'll find on University drive between Griffin and sterling roads in prestigious Davies Why do you best Whether you're a mudland wanting to get rid of those annoying curds has seek trying to rip the world of Hindus or a Christian wanting to eliminate abortionist There's only one place to shop for all your religious weaponry religious weapons supply company at RWS we believe in the rights of all religions to physically assert their preferences against other religious groups who don't agree with us That's a values RWS supplies all organizations with a vast range of weapons and we ship all over the world For a little extra charge we offer an infraving service to have the name of your faith and Scribe them each weapon indicating to your God your level of commitment so before you start Missed she had stock up now at RWS religious weapons supply because you know your faith is Happy Friday to you 27 years on here in South Florida the New Roger show and after 27 years I have one question for South Florida Yeah Paper or plastic So nerd sports nerd clearance finally gets around what is a little slow Happy 27 even people in sports appreciate that you're whatever whatever whatever it says Are you number one? Oh, it used to be number one. Could you guys screw it up? See they lie a lot hidden muck they sit around and they look at you and they you know if it pretend they're gonna do something There is impotent as some people are working sales, you know I don't want my cheney names impotent I mean I mean well, you know, but a lot of people mean well So the hair mungering he met well Dr. Mangala he was just doing some experiments Thanks a lot clearance. I still have nothing from Greg Reed though Is he around have you seen I haven't seen him lately? I mean wouldn't wouldn't that be scandalous another anniversary comes in goes this I'm grateful miserable nasty hard-hearted Walking goofball Great H you maybe that's why I haven't heard from yet, you know I wonder if nor my ever got her money. I'm sure he did because if she wouldn't have gotten her money And I'd be hearing about it in spite of my strategy and my money Nidia, why'd you do that because I owe to him? What a schmuck got her you dumb Don't you mean I could have waited a like five years? I've got a weighted at least six months That's not the way I operate a big shot like normal can't do with your money Here's the fact that says first off happy anniversary. I'm 25 and remember listening to you as a little kid I've continued listening because you're a straight shooter so to speak Scored sport not like Peter Northquite for the straight shooter I Know that they tampered with the election but a ratings book now that's going too far We can let them pick our presently using their influence to boost ego of a two pay worrying Veracose veins having loud mouth idiot is just too much the books have lost all integrity as far as I'm concerned Did you see Christopher Reeves on small-vilified thought he was awesome? I didn't see a small-vilified for that Tuesday But I watched the uh easy view on Sunday Thank God they replay that on Sunday You know, thank the Lord Because you said it was pretty good huh? It would you for once they finally moved uh, you know a little bit forward With the storyline and had its moments the kind like passions and now after a six months But Antonio finally came out of his coma Antonio Boyz he and for a big surprise and our Luis and Beth and for a big surprise. I mean a Luis in Sheridan when Beth sets the cottage on fire That's gonna happen today I'm probably shouldn't keep doing that should I why not? I don't know I guess the passions people It's the passions uh Crowd and NBC they would like it because it's more of an incentive for people to tune in It's like a preview thing. Yeah. I see that they had a time up here. Hey So here's rich factors is happy 27th and uses the occasion to plug his kids band Let's see Friday night punk rock show special guest Barbara Anne Use it from MTV's hit show undressed at the pop-up indoor skate park 2171 blood road pump at Obeach Third nostril featuring rape actor with the disaster sister with the zazz what's it with when disaster strikes boring nightlife and a fragile line Friday for 28 8 p.m. Tonight, I'd pump it into a skate park. There you go rates no extra star I think you made you could read that because I could barely I got good eyesight man believe me. I can see I can see good things from on distance to a hey believe me Trust me when it doubt I can sniff it out Here's a fact that says I still don't see the one from Greg do you what Happy happy sorry about sorry about tiny still hate George like poison Maria from his Syracuse New York Maria from his Syracuse hey to yeah I'm crushed Well just the way it goes and she's actually listening online now I can Eric facts me the results from yesterday's pool He's not having trouble hearing it is he I don't know I wondered because ordinarily he would do that because I read what I wanted to read but maybe he's just tried to be considered Or maybe he's just a can't hear us today. I think he can't he heard most say that he was good looking Moly's good looking if you don't believe us go to the nearby just website See you understand he's good looking just a hairpiece. It's bad That's all He's lovely it's just a hairpiece that's grow test in a vertical spacer And the core from that bag Yeah, it's like quasi-model he was beautiful too, but you just had to like get inside Right, yeah, that inner beauty Yeah, that's what you thought about his morality she was beautiful and just had to get inside didn't happen until she died Sooner later could wait long enough Well, I said it was sure about several open lines in a board it just tears my kiss piece out. This makes me a wonder What a drag he's wishing you happy anniversary it is not it is I'm looking at him right now Did you get a haircut all of green suit He got a haircut No, he's gonna be honest answer. He got his hands you anyway. Huh? He's got a tan he's wearing it all of green kind of a Ice going screwing up the line up by a way Greg boy you're really messed up But at least we can all have about a three-share when everything settles out. You know, it's like evening out now nice job messed up the midday messed up the hump or boy. Humpers have a nervous break. We may both cope before the inner beer hank in me Thanks to the stress, but have a nice weekend anyway Greg Just happy anniversary. Yeah, by the way ask him if he ever paid norm Yeah, I'm the way he did it. Oh, it was like jacking me now way He goes yeah, right out the door. I've actually never did pants Suicide norm okay. I'm thinking about it. Let's just sue his ass What's all the rest of his hair fall out? He's always busy suing everybody else. Let's start suing him. Okay. That's what sounds like good idea to me 560560 is a real clown. You know any real comedian Got some balls. Don't take the effort to like facts me a note, you know like a heartfelt note And you want to know why cuz it's not heartfelt Cuz he's heartless and cruel a manipulator a master manipulator Standard a March first is meals 27th anniversary on here Miami how long have you been listening? We asked on our website today here watches.com 164 votes. That's the not too exciting Well, I mean they're not even votes. They're just responses that's all why would anybody not respond on this? Okay, not that it's a sexy and exciting. It's kind of self-serving and you know what to bad Don't you deserve to be a little self-serving on your own anniversary? You deserve servit. I free off freaking things so Over 10 years 45 and I'll change it again damn it. Yeah, I hate it 5 votes. I think that's what it just had over 10 years 52 over 15 years 39 Since QAM five years 30 which I'm sure includes those the six Julios The curse over 20 years 25 couple years 18 All 27 years 17 oh my god That just shakes me to my core you know All 27 years 17 which means 16 plus me Less than a year two and less than six months two You should point those out to Mr. Here cut there When you see him in a hallway staggering up against the wall there He pretends he's staggering but he's got his ear to the door. You know monitoring game like the water Nazi 567 050 I want to see every line lit up on here at least once right now. Okay. I'm this is my 27th anniversary on here at least fake it. Okay. See this is the problem If it was Lard asked course he's on 600 stations all over the world, but if it was Lard asked on there Did oh did oh yeah, what the banana and they all be whatever goose stepping right in line And free republic dot com and newsmax dot com and all is red right wing websites Oh, yeah, let's have a big tribute for Russia. This is a birthday's got his hearing back. You know He's pontificating. He's spotting a bunch of crap. We love him Not this crowd not in his town man not in South Florida I could have been a contender baby. I could have been something And I got Norma Kent oh We're soft-boost when I mean that was the turning point in my life when soft-boost went to jail Have I said them anytime's you for yeah, you said it a few let me say it again That was the turning point in my life when my former agent soft-boost got greedy and went to jail The only good part of it is he ripped off sunny fox. That was good And then of course I met Mitch Hirsch Here's a call from crossbrings hello Neil at the anniversary, but thank you so much crossbrings. I have been listening since Figuring 8586 now that a freshman in high school right when it was kind of like tab I remember it was like you know there was a few of us we always listen to you on the way on our little headsets on the bus and we're like Oh, here when you said you would you said and there was three new This like you said on the radio right what that you'll just had asshole on a radio and all the kids were giggling Yeah, exactly was the coolest thing and then I think you didn't one what winded is it that you officially like came out of the closet Basically, I'm here that was December 76 Was it oh, yeah, well, you did it again It was like this big news like 18 years gay and like you know and It was like the weirdest thing because it was like all of a sudden It was like taboo to be the guy you listen to you in high school. Oh, yeah, but I kept listening so Okay, you know, okay, and I gotta say the best radio ever I think it was I OD when it was I think it was Rick and says the morning followed by Once they either you would fill Henry in that order one of the two right following me in and fill We saw you I used to listen all the shine hours of that that was the best radio in the history of right right That would it will never you'll never have that again, man Never you never you never you never that again Hey, do you know what ever like happened to Rick and so that they ever gonna come back Us such is less than right now, and I'm sure he'll call in the way we happy anniversary and Rick is just to be an asshole You know, oh, that's kind of really He's around the beach which is very sad, but he'll look at a lot of the other crap that's on ear in this market and they're on a beach because you know Chief channel screwed him over to also they're gonna go to work for it. There's nobody left. It sucks Thank you for all the good years and fun man You keep it up the stay healthy and stay on the air buddy. Thanks for the memories man all the best, but by the way since it is my 27th anniversary I want to come out of the closet today and answer that you're gay Yeah Huh, well, I mean I think after all of these years don't you think that's a good idea? Sure Right the book now. I think now's a good time for me to write the book next all the time while you can still do notice So I'm so nauseous from all of the stuff that have been said, you know much of it about Greg that would be several chapters about Greg and QA and but I mean so much more about other stuff And the silly people that I've encountered and the frustrations are saying it really is I mean a bank thing people think I'm joking the bank thing Taking at my to the bank every 10 days or 15 whatever it is twice a month. That's great That's what's gonna enable me to get my freedom in a couple of years whenever it has three years for whatever it is Less than four that's one thing you can be sure it's less than four But the rest of it the frustration of try to like in God's waiting room is elicit or response and I'm sitting here talking about people being Responsive like those right wingers. I mean where were the opposite in the spectrum? We got the most passive people on the face of the globe The only people who are really responsive on his show and ones that we don't want to talk to Not a Do do do Do do do do With Red All day is part on my arm like a ramic nowly map a lack of what I got things on my nose nobody know that on the my clothes I went empty horse, but that don't mean that I'm gay if you think my answer me You ought to see my legs and my strong people smoothing shape show little glass the next time I'm raping I can go to a surgeon but that gives me the shit. I would not want to walk out looking like John Rivers Where am I? I might have loved each the fat little free I did a my favorite now again afford to meet the reason I dismissed that They can plant bastard as big as he wouldn't shut up any can't play Hey somebody come on in nobody talk from I ran I wrapped in your talk like look at me I'm aware I'm a thing done getting man. I'm really dead I Anyone I want I don't care But believe they make me flip my wig right is fairly green hair I got fired myself it even happens to the greens West one one said you can add a hell of we break your legs So now I sit by the pool life since good as it gets it's with my paladin cocktail placing bets on the judge Paradise paradise I don't just go buddies. I said paradise We're gonna go go go do I'll be serving that the screw kids when I get the chance But the clean is already ready with my line green pants How long does it take? How they calling complete? It was just a little thought so what I love this day That's funny one. I'm not gonna sell his buddy. I can do what I want the men is with loves me Something you ought to know but along this time. I wanted you to be my home. Do I my type-out now? I have to help out who would you do? I don't take no for an answer to that But you I 18 at five 60 WM saw the Iraqis now state that they're gonna destroy The more than 120 else the mood to surface surface missile that we were so concerned about because they went 15 miles more than they agreed to So not they said we're gonna destroy and we say two bad. We don't care as well It's see a lot of these idiots out there don't understand is they don't it would make any difference what they said right if all of a sudden They had this huge press conference over the weekend. They said okay guess what we just found You know they have to find some way to be clever about it But guess what we just discovered and here's all this answer action here's all this small pots and boxalism and here's a whole bunch of other crap And here's whatever we got and they destroyed it right out there in public. Of course, you probably have to be pretty careful But nevertheless Would make a bit of difference to this the die has been cast baby. We're going in we're dropping a big one I just mentioned that and passing I don't want to get worked up upon Here's a call from Parkland. Hello Happy anniversary Neil. Thank you sir. Oh, I've been listening to you for 12 years and it's been great right You're the only connection I have with AM radio and you call in the Florida anymore Now that I have an XM radio. I don't listen anything else but you Okay, and Thanks for all and by the way, I wanted to say the George is great even the way hate him Okay, don't tell take it no question. They held take it. Yeah, I mean that was a little bit of a backhand of California He hates you like poison, but you're great I don't feel better a lot of people feel that way about I don't feel bad a lot more people hate me like poison I never consider care about you your small potatoes no question. I'll tell you one thing of the people who hated me like poison When I get to die or is if they would put it down you'd be amazed the numbers we could add on a show any share When a station had an audience be back before we became radio wish No seriously, I don't know what you're laughing about take a look at the pool. I'm laughing cuz it's funny Take a look at the survey. I know 235 votes less than a year two and less than six months three people Then listen that's five people basically you have no new audience We have no new audience because new audience doesn't come in via osmosis and younger audience don't come in via osmosis So it's better sitting there with your lie. I know you mean well parents, but instead of sitting there with your little calculator and all your figures Not your numbers. That's great But stop and think about where does the audience come from? Do they fall out of the sky? Do they multiply? Do we have people with sandwich boards even out there? We have nothing Here was the big change a year ago. I hear the whole thing with a morning show and Greg up and out of shape and the foe went to jail and all the other crap went on And so that we had the big turn over there. We had 15 different varieties of the morning of the worst team Then mo comes to town for a better or worse or whatever was and where was all the promotion? I go from 10 to 2 to 9 to 1. We get the mad dog in their Hank goes back to his old slot 3 to 7 You're making a major change there. Where was the campaign? How does the public know about these things? By osmosis. That's how they're supposed to find out about it about Right wijibord Because we work for a bunch of cheap bastards who want to give two nickels so that we can go out there and promote anything and don't tell me about all the money They're paying me because I'm making them a lot more money than they're paying me believe me a crap load a shmit load God they've just frost my ass Penny wise and pound foolish Stump man says Blake offered $10,000 to kill a A second witness at Robert Blake's preliminary hearing on murder charges is testified the former poetist are was shopping for someone to kill his wife Hollywood stuntman Gary McCarty said the actor offered him 10 grand to be a hitman to pop Bonnily bacely while she slept or outside a restaurant Ha ha ha While she slept or outside a restaurant Defense attorney Thomas Miserrow Jr. vigorously attacked credibility of our party was once investigated in a fail shooting that was ruled self-defense His checkered past also includes drug use and involvement in the accidental twilight zone movie deaths And earlier witness retired police detective William well said Blake spoke of a plan to whack bacely I think you're right she had to come in. I you know I'm against violence and stuff like that and certainly gets murder Right in her case, huh? He deserves whatever's coming to him, but that was coming to her. I think he we're gonna force him to return Florida. Oh As long as he promises to listen to this show That's a way to get in the listener like oh like jazz McCabe will get the jail birds Here's a fact to say 20 years ago a Secretary I worked with told me how she was losing sleep because she became so aggravated with this talk show host Neil Rogers She was losing sleep. I Tune in a WKT that had been listening ever since I was there for Dr. Dunn my lips are turning blue doctor. Oh That was that was one of my great moments I was listening during Zeta in the bird days remember your stroke on the air when you got witty and tiny Sound pictures from me at the bizarre 31st and Oakland one of those pictures in our office bathroom no constipation at room The alphabet line up was Rick and South's uncle Neil Phil Henry the best bits were Neil headroom groupenders and con Belize won't be here that one no more sweet hard con Belize Just this one extra special day. Can you play young Neil says Darren? Hope this request doesn't spoil my credibility. Love your show. Love you love you. Like a gym, but not quite as much Say they're I work on perfect day for young Neil. Okay, I'm no problem long. Yeah Here's one that says Neil God happy 27th anniversary from your friends at custom design trust Oh, yeah, I'm fully hearing about it all the Richard Dick head Very cute They're poor and baby and even Greg Reid stuck his head and they're not a Carlos close it or fast enough or not no Mr. He didn't get it that much. Oh boy, would I love to have that severed head Greg in a box. Would you love to see that head Greg's head in the box? I thought we could do it a better haircut five six seven. Oh five six to here's the lady in West and hello Hi Neil happy anniversary. Thank you. I'm listening to you for 13 years. Oh my god My husband and I love your show and I've already told you this story that happened to me last night with my seven year old son When I got home last night I said you know, I'm passing up Mr. Rogers and I In my seven year old son said Neil Rogers the class alone And I said no honey, not Neil Rogers Mr. Rogers and he was who's that How you like that I woke up my husband and I said isn't there something wrong in this picture? Shouldn't he know when you to Rogers this I'm dying over here I'll be in the most renewing Yeah, and you know you made a light of Mr. Fred Rogers, Dynasteth. I thought that was terrible on your part What did I do? No modern child knows who that is? Really really That's that's not on anymore. I don't think it is Let's see Pete wants to know if I'll do it. Yeah, no problem. Pay the anything for you. Pdlany before you even go to Phoenix Where's he leaving for? That's kind of it. That's one of the classic stories of Greg weird man. It gets an anonymous letter on sign from some bozo one sentence You know starts a rumor about Pdlany and right away He's calling them in and must have talked to Greg you got to take some doggy downers man. You got to calm down. We understand that you're in the land of the lost Phil says happy 27th anniversary can't imagine radio without Neil Rogers. Oh You're the best. Yes, I am Phil wishing you many many many many more great years I'll also speak in a Phil our good close personal friend. Are you sure not really? Phil Henry his the numbers went and is spite of that I OD big big big big trend right and all you like that Like I'm going to point So I go to show you I'd nothing to do with talent nothing to with good shows it had to do with right wingers skin the diaries and a lot of Julios Which I guess I'm being redundant That radio mom be that WAKY YZ that's scary. That is really rude tragic when you all the Julios gonna get with the program huh when you young Julios gonna say hey guess what mama Now I see ten pop out poppy whatever it had your column I poppy you know I poppies That's what the Turks are saying that's why we give them the 32 billion dollars. I poppies. Oh, why do you have to bring that up? I'm sorry. Oh, it's the Turk. I'll have agita. He's good in matters with the knife and the I whatever But only matter to this 10 26 at 5 60 WQ a m you mark my words man These people are finally gonna start catching on gonna put that largas right where he belongs and he old Prapper or not who cares, you know just keep the checks coming Greg put that little squiggle on him there at a voice We'd art You think you paid the norm? Hey, let me tell you right now a big night coming up Monday. Well, do we got the weekend of course first? Let's take care of that you got harness racing Monday Wednesday Thursday Friday Saturday at Pompano Park and This coming Monday night March 3rd market done on your calendar right now market on your colander Because it's free spaghetti dinner night at Pompano Park is that what you get to take the water out with a colander or of course One of those new pots that's got the holes in it for 14 easy payments of 29 95 No better deal on all of South Florida and free spaghetti dinner night at Pompano Park Why do you have to do is buy a Pompano Park program this Monday March 3rd and you'll get a coupon for a free spaghetti dinner at the fourth floor players lounge Then recluse rules and butter salad a heaping plate of pasta and mirror and air sauce that can't be beat with a stick Baby with your walking stick with your walker Don't miss it and coming up next Friday, March 7th away from tonight Pompano Park presents the only horse racing firework stuncho in the entire world is a straight-in-vincill Vestro the power technique wonder from down under. This is amazing hot to try to firework stuncho Watch as this crazy Aussie stands on the shaft of his race bike holds the reins in his teeth and while his super horse Hand me silver races around the track and vent shoots up more than 2,000 rounds A fireworks it's a show you must see to believe it goes on outside by the way. Don't worry Pompano Park like I said great racing five nights a week Monday Wednesday Thursday Friday and Saturday Of course the big spay any day are free night night on this coming Monday March 3rd Free general parking free admission every afternoon evening and final casting from Oliver North America every day starting at noon Seven days a week. Pompano Park on powerline road one block south of Atlantic Boulevard and prestigious Pompano beat No back to the Neil Rogers program on 1240 wgba Here again America's youngest talk show host six year old Neil Rogers Okay, I guess for Don's mail and there's four minutes left in the hour Let's pick some calls all in hello Great Well, so I can't for my subscription to the Rochester Democrat and Chronicle All the good old gen C we're in a bush in that paper Then I asked how many other people did like wise and they said not on my business There were a little nicer there Okay, well, I just thought I'd let you know You're a son of American have a nice life Don't tell us I want to speak to Neil You got him Come on Yes, yeah, yeah, yeah Neil you're a stinky think of glutton if and fed water at a pantry Bakal this is a sofa did he say pansy? Then he did off One mung brain. I want my buy three miles every Saturday to the list show and this guy called me named She my new sister shame on you for the way have you seen some of those bad boys at the new amp No, what are you About egg My god I'm not a magician The world in the 60s in here with the egg Hey My god Then a capsule Hello Hello You're used to be such a nice boy How about your flat towel over here, but you can't share enough you can't share enough I don't eat this It offers from other stations The cavea Amara friend Julia Instead I stay here and entertain you grow test Subtune Lutemag unbelievable To need the house Oh, is this new rocker? What kind of phone are you on sir? How far again? Do you have a dial phone? Oh, wow No, I had to put it to the operator Oh What's looking today? I was listening to Julia Reynolds on WKB W last night Somebody asked you Did you hear what he's been saying about you? Do I listen anymore? He's a dodgering woman He claims he's only 40 Yeah, Ryan, do we be true in two? Oh She's trying to add your present And if you think he's dead now, wait until he has to Oh But Okay, let me come back maybe the egg will come out of his shell But I hope not I'm gonna be a creator of Rudy Kazudia. I have no idea who it was because it'd be crawled this one by on CNN Yeah, he died died I saw time for his disease at the age of 85 Yeah, yeah, Rudy Kazudia never heard of him. Oh Well, you must have heard this story from yesterday lightning puts hole in when you're playing carrying Jeff Bush to Orlando Nope, didn't see that nope Governor Jeff Bush has playing with struck by lightning as it travels from tell I has to do Orlando yesterday Don't say anything smart here now We don't want the secret service knocking on your door The strike put a hole in one of the beachcraft king iris wings but none of the seven people on board were injured said Ali Afaraj a sproxuelan for the governor Aliya the twanjan plane would see sub to ten people and it's safely in Orlando the governor and his staff then took another plane to Miami Beach Where Bush is scheduled to the committee with manual Angel Nune as soto the governor of the state of Hidalgo and Mexico That's manual Angel Angel Nune as soto Speaking at the Miami Beach Convention Center Bush commented on the lightning strike The weather's very bad between here. Tell a hasy said we got hit by lightning and it put a hole in the wing Apparently, but we landed without incident asking was scared the governor said with a smile No, I wasn't scared Aliya on the other hand was frightened paralyzed Maybe it was a message, you know Remember Joey Zaza maybe it was a message from Because the facts is happy 27th anniversary you were levelest bastard many more and it's got a happy face on a bottom and the mouth on a happy face looks like a hockey stick Maybe Okay, kind of sort of I'm just my imagination sure it's not that must be the one from Greg Says you will unless bastard maybe stolen from remor Yeah 5675 and have we had Jeff Cohen ponytail call here today. No, I think he's a scared to call Now she's invited to call on the dates my 27th anniversary is opposed to calling into to use me for his own selfish purposes like two days in a row there Okay, I'm gonna be Not seriously that was outrageous even you agreed with that you said what what a Exploid of you you said or something like that Of course you say that about everybody here's Hollywood hello Yes, sir. Thanks It's Woody You know what it's It's who Wasn't that Woody it's a it's a Woody sound alike. What's his name? I'll get it this second It's a chronic yeah, no, he was okay. He was being you know, it's part of having no vision Oh, that whatever he was being let's go stand worth hiber Oh, it was and I hung up on him good nice move Neil. Thank you Yeah, go write some letters to the editor about casino gambling stand here's Robin who says Happy anniversary Neil. I started listening you during go for number one I was hooked I went to one of your appearances at plantation mall and had to get really stone before wanted to meet you because I was so nervous What why would that be What it it's like those people think when I used to do those appearances they'd come there and I'd be screaming and bitching people I was a radio show I'm a pussy cat baby. I'm just a sold softly man, right? Let's take a look at it if you can see it Then I went to another person pizza law see there's another plug for you Jeffy. Hello. Not gonna call her wish me happy anniversary You miserable I think George was right and Got a picture with you that I have has lived on my refrigerator ever since but must be getting a little moldy by now Thanks for the years of education and last when you retire though very last good thing in software to go's with you Love your Robin ps my bitch mother-in-law hates you so much. That's one more great thing Well guess what? What let's give a special shot out to her mother-in-law that's fucking big yeah Thanks Robin 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon line as we celebrate yields 27th anniversary I understand it's not a very big number and here I'm always disappointed every year at this time You accept the 20th and the 25th and then if I make it to the 30 if you know because there are even numbers I mean Rick Rick Shaw's been on here over 40 years continuous in his market He's the only one has been around longer than I have and I tip my cap to Ricky Tiki and I always said that Yeah, what could I know maybe even he'll call today. He's been nice enough to call every now and then. Yes, he has what was the last time he called what was that about About a couple years ago. No, no was not a couple years ago. I feel months ago. Oh, I feel like He's a good guy and his own bizarre way of like Ricky Tiki. He's all right cap is a little stale and and so the music at magic so if it's right in magic had a good trend by the way Did they I don't know why must be Finally that build me a buttercup by the And finally caught on built them up by the foundations Here's a call from Cooper City. Hello happy anniversary Neil. Thanks 27 years have been listened to you 17 at a 27 That's about half my life almost incredible. Yeah, it is incredible. I think in back Chuck Meyer to Mike Reneri. They took my or coffee cups and Right the wonder mugs the wonder mugs the wonder bugs the calendar I actually I actually dark I actually darken your door one time in the acres when you had a mug problem I dropped up that big can of Bugs you you were having a big problem. I was years ago geez. Yeah, right But pretty good. I it tasted a little funky at first, but it went down pretty easy after that You listen people you don't like just give a little squirch me It's unbelievable, but listen may you only lived at the another 27 years not not on the radio But you know enjoy yourself and I tell you you you really write my day You're okay and I do remember a couple of remotes especially when it's charcoal That was a hundred years ago You're good. Yeah, I remember it when the crowd pushed the guy with the eyes out the door That was a great occasion obviously on university drive okay, me go thanks for the memories Thanks Stop by Verizon marvelous dissected in five to six at 69 89 West Broward Boulevard in plantation When some crappy QAM prizes and register when tickets grew up coming Florida Marlon's home game Keep a lovely Miguel get a little squeeze and Then join your costele five to seven the staff knew the Armstrong Tode of homestead Staff Idaho and tickets to the Toyota in D300 and Keynes tickets plus and you are free food from Atlantic City Subts were our random red make the difference and maybe get the inside story on Brittany and the that's what's he That bag of back on against I want what they have before these are my kind of guys The hell they do it anyway The guy really I want more Chris more bus boys real high When I listen to this for a manly boys won't get my attention But we're really getting sent to the shorts Which we keep high boys will give me an erection We're new without a few way out But that bag is back on again. I'm going to this here at straight men with boys this high Now I'll have to get deeper in the closet again So I'm gonna press all the mushrooms But check out this more in the middle of the day on the side Yeah, there ain't nothing I got my choice for guys His voice has been cracked and saved with well here no I can't relax that yes, and I'm real close to the rain and you'll impress us on If they're bullshit on them there really makes my fall And that girl man, we are he's harder than my infrared brother I like to get a lot Well good for you congratulations 1047 at five sixty few hours reaching back on a facet that Johnny dead for you Fast man, huh Johnny that knows we can for Johnny dead. Who is that and Rikai? Okay, well it's so black and Rikai never looked darker than that. Well could be Johnny demo Now where did that come from Miguel? I was hoping I was hoping we could be on the river Oh, why is he dead? More than Miguel does the guarantee of that. What's Miguel stickin his nose in there, huh? Something to do you know why you know the answer to that to stay away from Doreen Don't blame him good choice. So anyway, let me just point this out to you. I was just thinking about this during and of course the first day on the QA And which came about with great difficulty because of absolute management incompetence and engineering psychosis You know we can laugh about it now. Oh, what did that take that take? That had to take months. Maybe a year or two off of each of our lives. Yeah Not mentioning the fact that Norma camp line up with a gigantic tumor decides of a boring ball in the stomach We thought we were gonna lose a number that right Nianjo practically pulling an all night or from nine o'clock until the show came on the next morning Just to have some drops from the DCS and a bit unbelievable because they had the equipment coming like the night the balance of the equipment the most important part The days before we went on the air and the last part of the DCS came in like the day before from Philadelphia right from another one of their so called stations But anyway take a look at the standard 34 votes how long you've been listening to the show Less than a year five less than six months three. Okay, there's eight now over the five years that we've been on this station How many people do you think would just like ballpark have called it and said hey Nianjo, I just want to let you know I'm getting out of this toilet and I'm moving to San Antonio I'm moving here. I'm moving somewhere since you've been to Q. I am right 200 hundreds yeah hundreds and we've replaced them in the last year with eight here San Antonio Hey happy out of recovery son. Thank you sir Yeah, I thought listening to you and I was living in Naples and I'll never forget I was in the truck with my brother And I'm sniffing around there on the AM band and we click into you and we're Naples and we're barely getting you from Miami And my brother goes oh my god, who is that that's you is bad I'd be bad man. Oh man, he makes hours there look like a lightweight Uh-huh Hey, my dad finds it hard Yeah, now three years later, I moved to Texas. I started listening to you on a lot while not listening to you online, but listening to the archives Now think about three or four months ago to stop doing that They're bad I can I can't I can't listen to you during the day I'm working, but I'm moving back to a South Florida so I'll catch you again Why are you doing that? My mom sick. Oh, sorry But I can't mad. I'm gonna tell everybody when I get back. Did you get a listen to this dude? He's unbelievable That's your assignment man when you come back, we were counting on you. I'm your personally personal publicity stunt Okay, me go. Thanks a lot. We'll see you in a little more For the sandwich board Here's a fact Neil happy 27 that a recipe listening to since it was Craig and a morning and he'll nap through on WKT You and time I've ever called as when you head on your only good guest. They'll cost for'd rest in peace. What a great guy he was Bill cost for died. I don't know was even 30. He was like in his early 30s. Yes, diabetic wasn't taking care of himself on one day. They'll cost for died. What? Yeah, I mean you talk about a big fan of mine and he even needed a special occasion right in article about nearly wrote on some big piece about my UM baseball broadcast And he just he just was in love with his show. He got it. He understood it as opposed to the stiff that we haven't found out or supposed to be right in about radio Who don't even own one Like Tom jica and Kevin Bastard and Jim Sarny. Oh my god. They're even making great jackass look better, which is almost impossible Barry By the way, Barry's quit brown bag and the people are starting to talk It's still a pleasure listening you and Craig to all these years later. May you have many more and Craig where were they listening to Craig? Did you see on somewhere? I don't know like Bob Did I that that facts or say that he was at the big buddy party and that was reunion right? David R the guy who comes to you aid when you want to find stuff on me even that Okay, thanks David. Oh, I didn't know that I look at the name on the thing five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT and T in Verizon wireless one That last guy from San Antonio he and many others. We're gonna have to put you in charge of our promotional campaign now What was mock you and me all that crap about the billboards he emailed me what they look like and the only problem even told me where one was Which I mentioned yesterday if I were coins for it used to be and can we say that coins for it? I don't think so. Not the more oh and nothing Therese are not up or nobody has seen one or they're just making it up. Maybe it's another lie. You don't think that they would lie at QMD Huh? No, you don't think that Greg would make these stories up just to pacify us God, here's a lady in Cooper City. Hello good morning and happy happy anniversary. Thank you so much I've I've been listening to you since the day to day and so I did had the pleasure of meeting you You're before that when you were a KT I was on the eighth grader at Not was junior high school and I was invited to be on your show with what was her name? Lin light. Yes, and we were such embarrassing shows. Well, I don't know if my show that I was on with you It was terrible. I don't mean the kids are in the Kaka that she used to have as talking about. Well, I wasn't it that she was a five remember really into like what is it? Evortions or am she was yes she was into what is the group call? God, I can't even think now. No, no, it's the we're going to get you can get you know contraceptives Oh, I'm paranoid. Well, thank you. Well, I'm having a senior moment here. I'm a man's hearing hood and I guess we were just there's a bunch of teenagers talking about and how they felt about you know Sex and things like that. So I was on with you back way back then, but have been an avid fan and Love you, you know since you know the day to day since you know I became a reasonable semi adult here Right, yeah, and I just wish you all the best and I was starting here about your dog too. Thanks a lot. We're doing have a really really great day You too. Okay, bye bye. See what's nice a sweetheart. She was sure a lot nicer than that bitch that calls to tell us how to do the show. We ought to do 30% this and 30% I'm going to do whatever the high want to do honey. Okay for that other bitch that call the other day that really just sets me off Yes, you must be to go back and do the light bulb talking. So we can have like a point three share. Believe me. We're well on our way honey It's an entertainment show and we'll still interspersome stuff for example support for bushes. We're less in falls below 50% Stuff like that and all you right wingers out there all you a ditto heads who can't think for yourself have a good time Okay, make up stories about Rush Limbo your listen to them 12 hours a day like the Julio's do with stations like they used to do in the old days when I once station was a daytime Stay right they put down in the diaries. They were listening at night when they weren't even on the air To an ideal with fanatical people that's a problem our audience. I mean, you know they're loyal and they with us a long time. That's great But they're not as fanatical as the people on the opposite side of the political spectrum if I use that term loosely The percentage of registered voters who say they would support President Bush in 2004 fell below 50% for the first time Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, according to a new CNN USA that they gallop pull which finds more Americans concerned about the economy Two thirds of those responded to the poll released yesterday described courty economic conditions as poor a 10% increase in December Optimism about the future the economy also dropped 10 points during that time Asked their choice for president 47% of the registered voters pulled to the would support Bush in 2004 compared with 51% in December About 39% they support that democratic candidate and of course we're not even talking about a name You know, I'm saying so very anybody has still 47 or 39 rubber chicken right Still a majority of those pulled 57% said they approved of the way bushes handling the job of president. That's the lowest rating for the presence Since the 9-11 How do you like that? So there's some hope out there a little slow there finally catch an eye think it was all about and equipping Police firefighters and AMP's to prepare and respond to potential terrorist attacks. See there you go Let's see kneel to the ratings factor in listening to two-tener with the internet. No, no I mean it could be local is good in all the pads that who's got the diary. That's all no matter where you listen To be interesting to find out how many people do this on the internet. I think we'll take that full one day next week. Okay Something like that don't you think I bet you everybody voting Everybody voting what no I'm just kidding like everybody would voting would be listening on the internet What you understand the questions see you're not a pull man, Mr. You just don't know your full You work You All right See I know it's revolutionary, but how about something like bumper stickers huh bumpers I start not again. I have those even had bumper stickers on a cat on K to use them These that the bus signs on K he catch the cat with a CBS eye on a cat. Oh my god How about bumper stickers hug Greg? Maybe even George will pay for us A To the cutest holy pen that's raised with a wiggle when he wore Lord, are loving, a rich and a really nice, big, almighty Friends, we deny that, where is my deck, and it makes a look so sweet The world is love, it's death, oh and it is holy pen To the cutest holy pen that's raised with a wiggle when he wore Waves with a wiggle when he wore Waves with a wiggle when he wore Love those three of the five, sixty W. When he grained the resound line, we shall get the witty in the second But first we better take that one online too Oh, they disappeared What? What? How about that? I haven't told those and I'll put them on next So one in Hollywood that said he had a billboard signing I'm gonna put them on immediately if that's true to anybody else Any disappearance? I think it was bogus Maybe it was like a virgin Mary's body Moth making up a funny call There are no billboards He was talking about the same way you mentioned the one in a Yeah, he was talking about it Here's what he, hello Hey Neil, congratulations at the anniversary Thanks Woody See you on the other way Because he might have some good freebies for some day That was a great song about free great guys He just played Yeah Yeah, really The ship colon hasn't called in yet Well he will, he's a great guy I really, the people I've met through you And you know, being a part of some of the things that we've done together It's been incredible You really do draw good people to you And I'm not going to tell you And I'm not going to tell you I'm not going to tell you I'm not going to tell you What's up? Can I say that Steve to turn my guy on my place right now? Is he really? He's a great guy He is a wonderful guy He really doesn't believe him I'm not fucking But really, Neil, you know, you deserve all the accolades I wish you could go on forever But he's another way to get out of here Okay, thanks Woody Alright, let's take care of yourself Tell me, Michaela, if you're giving it to me Alright, I'll tell him you love him Thanks, I do Okay, the billboard guy is back Hello See there's no billboard guy There's no billboard We've lost our audience asshole except for him Don't do ginger stand, how stupid that sounds when you ask holes I mean, we don't really care but it's just those stupid It lost our audience asshole, but this guy's listening and calling That was that the same guy that you had on before? No, when I heard his voice now, it wasn't You know, you're I'm telling you, I don't want to say that you're a little beiner Okay, but I am but you are and the job you've been doing taking these calls the last few days Like what how's it long as you've entered Jordan? On a scale of zero, I mean, it's just phenomenal What's your been in radio before and you know what he knows more going on The rest of the people we're just radio wish well Chris and Plantations says best wishes on your 27th anniversary Stairless, needy when 1974 or five on WGNO FM when I first came to Florida So the uh, find that was right Wow, this could be my longest standing listener one of those J&O people Followed you to KAT and WS wins, Zeta, IOD and QM doesn't seem like 27 years Thank you, Chris and Plantations, that's for you Wow, hey, we're with me, I'm glad that somebody mentioned this on the effects Had a hat trick last night, first we were head trick as Columbus won her game three to one He scored all three goals That's gone, Razer Which reminds me something we haven't said on the show in a long time? Uh, geez, where the hell is it, George? David, you all because we always put that thing, they always play I'm always play that, but we never say Raywood, he has a pair Right, yet a Panthers could sure use him, while we would want to have his in-back Or Mike Syllinger guys like that, or Scott Millenby, no I just mentioned that in passing, I don't want to get the a Panther fans any more sour than the R It can't stick at any Atlantic Ocean Anyway, Jerry, the abution guy Yeah, but he says I remain ponderingly tedious in chronic, so at least he's catching on Very sorry to hear about tiny, but happy 27th never less Oh no, did you look at it, have you got this, you're copy of this handy? I threw it away, I can dig it out Oh, I'm not going to mention none of your, because just dig it out and look at where he works Now, granted at the one in New York, okay? But it brings to mind Mitch Hirsch, it just just looked at where this guy works Oh, yeah? Look at that Oh, oh, anyway, is it dog lover you're familiar with the essential services provided by local animal shelter Is Yadia, go down about, what is he talking about? Fortunately, to be in the participant many activities associated with St. Huber, of Madison, New Jersey, one of the areas most respected And dedicated to animal shelters, my two Aussies, for example, copied on the agility courses, but their license therapy dogs as well I wonder if I could impose upon you to mention the good work provided by this and other similar organizations And remind listeners to give generously to the shelter's near communities and maybe a quick mention of St. Huber Since your net broadcast is pretty hot, you met thanks to advance, so you're nearly a beauty and found out about that right wouldn't he? I don't, I don't get it, do you get it? No, I made it, we raised a lot of money for animal pet rescue, right? I've been abandoned, have I seen it? So you would have done it again, except for the fact that we go with too lazy to do the thing in this last year That's pretty embarrassing, you know? And I think that's another reason that we're like fading from view, because we have to do our own promotion We don't have any bumper stickers, because we don't have any billboards Uh, the billboard guy was obviously a fake, there there are no billboards There are no billboards, there are no bumper stickers, there are no CDs, there are no listeners The guy was right, there's no audience, and we don't care but there are paychecks Here is Jerry and Vanita Springs, happy 27th I've been listening to you since 1984, I spent the winter 84 in Key Larger when I first heard you I don't remember the station 84 would have been the wins, I think, wouldn't it? Yes, can we? WI and C, I don't know Move the Tampa 86 later, found you at WSUN, those were the days where it takes, oh god Those were the great, the gravy days, the salad days not at WSUN, remember old Tom Delvita? By the way, yeah, was it time? By the geek And the Curtis, remember Kurt, of course, I don't have that on there anymore We took that one off there, did we have that on? No, we don't have the Kurt one on it, a 360 anymore, we don't have a period How can that be? I don't know, it's gone Anyway, found you at WSUN, I had then to want to your parents with Bob Lassar at the peaches and Fawravenu and Tampa Don't do appearances, but I had to meet you in Lassar Oh Lassar, you won't hear him no more And now live in Bonita Springs, I listen what I can, I bought a GE Super Radio Because Sotsa One said it was the best AM radio he was right I received WQM clear at home, but it's pretty fuzzy in the car Thanks for years of great radio, so Jerry and Bonita Springs Oh, alright, thanks Jerry, we're just looking at a Super Radio in Bonita Springs He likes the show, he's not some kind of a sour push, he don't have any complaints And here's a real nice fact, oh look at that Here's Bonita, all I have to do is mention his name, he's there for another, how you doing Jeff? What's up, I'm Neil, happy anniversary Thanks, what did the Woody Graver play? No, I have my spies Yeah, I bet Well I figured you might as well call the day and do something for me now that we did all nice favors for you and your furniture Anything you want, Neil, you'll be able to put that money I'd be at the front of you, jump by say how high Purchase up on that hot day for me, as you'll notice, I can't help it if you lost your but that's where it goes Of course you hop around, I'm not gonna happen Like a bumblebee, you hop around, pollinating from under another So what's up, anything planned for what? For you, for your anniversary Yeah, nice that relaxing weekend in Toronto, where the sun is shining is gonna make it all the way up to 34 today Oh, that's nice, it's sunshine, he's not too bad And then speaking to your good co-strend rumor, he's gonna be your Sunday because the panters are gonna be in town for game Monday night Well tell me, you know what's really amazing, I watched him on a TV broadcast for the first time ever last week Yeah, I didn't realize what a professional the guy is, I only know him as Jeff that comes to eat here You know, I mean the guy was good You know, he told me the same thing and you told me the same thing before just keep wanting in mind when it's rumour okay If it's free, it's free, there you go No, it has nothing to do with him, just telling you, I mean, I wish he was a football announcer The guy was awesome Are you knocking moanow? Um, I'm not gonna be so excited I'm basically corrected Do you know what, what do you mean by that? He's not gonna give you any plugs Rick from an ass, Rick from an old sorry ass, he deserves it You know, I'm not up that early, so I don't hear a show so there's nothing I could really comment on Yeah, but don't you take your headsets to the dolphin games? Yes, I do, and I listen to the manager Okay, you know, he's great You're not a mole man is what you're saying I'm a dolphin man There you go Okay, Jeff, listen to me Thanks for the memories, how's everything business good? Business is kicking ass All is good Uh, yes, sir You can pull her to the top You can pull her to the top So with the mobs of pizza and mobs of was on you, when is that anyway do you know? Pisa? Yeah Uh, in April sometime April Okay, get in there It's coming Uh, when are you coming? I mean, when are you coming back to town? As soon as I can, I'm coming, oh, when am I coming back to town? Sometimes in April, maybe a Pisa There you go I'll come by for some mobs of pizza Sounds good Okay, Jeff All right, Neil, you have a good day I'm gonna be excited You're so excited, they say in China, thank you Here's a nice pack I'm bigger part Uh, taking that breaker reading facts You got a very, very important people Online 7 Oh I can't believe it It's my close personal friend with a silly camera It's your high-down wreck Happy anniversary Neil Here is the Dean of South Florida radio I'll never catch you, man Well, I'll tell you what Between the two of us we got 70 years on the radio And fight Oh my God Thanks Thanks for making me feel so old Listen, if we had a reunion or a meeting All the radio people who listened to you Almost on a daily basis We could have a pretty large crowd You know, if you're not worried about the community Of course you're not I Why is that? Because you do great radio Well, thank you Rick Five pleasure, sir Happy anniversary to you Thanks a lot Take care Take care Well, it was almost brought a tear to my When he said It's a lie, I am not a Nazi How do you like that? Do you think he was serious? Yeah, of course But it was just the way he said it was like Almost melodramatic there Rick, I would like to choke up when he said that I thought it was just joking around Because you do great radio Yes, I do Rick And used to tune it like you played good music But then of course you went to magic But he's got to make a living He's still pumping off those heads baby Ricky Tickey I told him he was a good guy I knew he'd called it He don't let me down That's right Anyway, I better do the break I want to... Because I have some things to say about Pumpkin or Parker and nice facts here From Dick and Steve and Pompino Okay, okay Go on me forget it See because they get in the side Correct and they'll think Oh, he forgot about us I wouldn't forget about you guys All those great free wheels And all those uncash tickets And Mickey McNickle And Mickey McNickle Maybe Mickey McNickle will call into Wish me I sure hope not 11th or 10th This way Mickey The finish lines over here Me 13 past 11 at 5.60 WWM Now we know that pizza law is great And Broward County Dave County has got a sensational place It's been there for about 10,000 years Flores pizza We've been talking about Flores In fact, for speaking of being on the year for 27 years Probably almost that long Because way back in the early IOD days Need me for that Flores pizza was a legendary with us and everybody else The freshest most delicious Italian food in Dave County Judy brought us food from Flores When I was down there, uh, when was it in January Something like that And it was as good as ever Nothing comes out of the can at Flores You can tell by that just made fresh taste From the sauce to the freshly made pizza dough And fresh baked garlic rolls They bake them right there on the premises Every day of Flores The portions are gigantic and they use more cheese and meats And they're pies than anybody in town In fact, you walk out of there Look at like a big thing, a big piece of melted oozing cheese If it's from Flores you'll be fighting everybody For that last life of pizza Don't take my word for it five out for yourself There would 731 Northeastern United Street Just off the skin Bober Or you can call them at 305 7585351 And get your stuff delivered Flores will deliver from 34th in Viscay All the way to 150 fifth in Viscay They'll go to Quay side, quicker club the Jockey Club Flores even go to the Far West as 12th Avenue And East to Collins in 71th Give McAll a nice little Judy She'll tell you about the great pizza specials Like 1399 for large cheese pie A leader of soda and six delicious chicken wings Call Flores anytime they're still there They're about the only thing left in that part of town Because it's so damn good Why wouldn't this still be there? 305755351 305755351 And tell that old underlying the old part Old Neo 40 to call Flores Flores Flores Flores Flores We're sportsmen, you'll find this soon You A M It's Friday, you best in You're very tired before But it's hard for football Call for way you look We'll fall many days You're very tired You'll finish 79 Yeah You're watered Hackhill god We'll lay our ass Like a puppy Even if what we expect us, So we're far more fierce to stand. Every in this room, We're in this battle, But for an extra thought, We'll be here, And this is the only thing that's going to be small. It's just a beautiful voice, But for an old, It's just a feeling it's strange. What? Way to a long, short of its own. And for an old face, We stand. 11.560 WCM, The sun is shining, It's beautiful in my room here in my studio. You know, looking outside? All right. It is. I like sitting and looking at the sun right now. Sometimes it's been a little on the nippy side. 34 today. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Up to bed. So anyway, I got this nice facts from Dick Fineberg and Steve Wolf at Pompato Park. Says congratulations on your 27th anniversary. All of us at Pompato Park are proud to be your sponsors since day one, And that is correct. I arrived in Miami the same time as Alan Thickleson. My late good friend Alan Thickleson who was one in a bidon. And Pompato Park was a sponsor in my show from the first day of KAT, And all the way right through the now. But horses and drivers on the track are now working furiously in a ranging a two seven day Double night in your honor of your 20. Of your 20 seven anniversary. They can do it, Dick. Keep up the great work. And I just want to say this because I don't like to get too mushy and emotional, But and I've mentioned this to Fat Rich and the Derek and other people at, You know, I know it's a Pompato Park. See back in the Alan Thickleson days and back in the heyday of harness racing And South Florida, when we stand those gigantic crowds. And the permutals were, you know, the dog tracks were all open. And the permutals were all whole different ball game back then. But Alan Jay Fickleson was one like I said in a bidon. And after he passed away, that place, you know, We had successive management and some people came in and did some grow test things. And we had some people at a personality like a dead man. And the place really went south for a while. And Dick Fineburg and Steve Wolf came in and they've been there for a few years now. And they really do a sensational job. And that place has made a big comeback. We've got great racing. And it's a pleasure to be there. So congratulations guys. You doing a great job. And keep feeding Fat Rich, please. And Derek. So don't be rich too much. He's still alive, by the way. Yeah. Still alive. Here's an unspeakin' event. Happy 2070. Many, many more listening on the web and lovely frigid Cleveland. Hope to see you at Northfield Park. Says Mike and Cleveland. Speak at harness racing. How do you like that? Two harness racing facts. Oh, back to back. Northfield Park. Where water cases, one to nine, every race. This way, water over here. He got lost again. Here's one of his happy anniversary kneel from Bill and Pembroke Pines. Thanks for all the years of entertainment last year. The best thing on radio and I'm lucky enough to listen to you and work every day. I'm writing this facts as I spoke a fatty and your honor. Since I have a good buzz going, I'd like to request one of the Mickey Mouse bits. You're the schmits as Bill and Pembroke Pines. Do you got a bill? Look at this. I'm sure you saw this story about the clan. Yeah. I had seen it, but I forgot to put it out. That's a pretty excited song. So why not? Here's a facts from Boko Oyster, necked Ryan. All Dostoneck is going to be sending me from my anniversary. Another DVD. 1950's TV's Greatest Show is Life A Rally. The Jack Fenty program suspense. Brits and Allen Show mister. Mr. Mr. Northe-Eventures. Vaseen here at armistbrough and racket squad. And if the life a Rally has West Morgan on there, back when he was over the age of life, whatever. Oh, God. Anyway, don't get started with that. With that gay banter. By the way, got your facts. Everything is taking care of Troy number 23. Trustcraft, ready to put some number 23 on there. Live it in the past, we'd art. Oh, crawled in here on his hands and knees. No problem. Rub them on the ball spot. Got a whole screen now. I'll be on the goal. The National Golf Club's policy of all male membership is Gainy's surprise supporter. The American White Knights of the Kupus clan. All right. J. I hope all you people all you sports nerds on QA and that are always putting down those of us who disagree with the honest issue. Hope you listen to this very carefully because I think this says it all. J. J. Harper Imperial Wizard of the Cordell-based KKK group. Where would Hell Cordell is some little little, probably next to Aintree. Yesterday requested an application for a permit from the Richmond County Sheriff's Department to protest doing the Master's Tournament. We are going to stand up for the rights of the Augusta National Chuse who member they want to choose as a member of their club, Harper City Telephone and View Thursday evening. News of the KKK's involvement brought immediate reaction from the women's pressure, a women, pressureing the club who invite females, Martha Burke chairmen of the National Council Women's Organizations. I'm sure the Augusta National welcomes the support of the KKK because they seem better on discriminating against women than any cost. She said Augusta National should not be shocked by the KKK's endorsement. They've behaved in a manner that attracts this type of support. And she's right. And if they still wouldn't be letting blacks in there and Tiger Woods couldn't play, these same people that are putting down a women would be screaming bloody murder man. They'd be like chicken in that place. They'd be marching on Augusta. But because they wanted to be a men's club, that's all gay club. So that's why the mad dog is on there. And just about everybody else on our station, including the mole, myster, silly old mole. But by the way, just turn 50 out here. He looks pretty bent. Yeah, I sent him the same kind of card. I just signed a back of the one he sent me. Wish him you happy anniversary. So here's how our survey is going so far. It's not a poll. Really it's a survey for 31 of people on there. How long you've been listening to the show? Over 10 years 142. Over 15 years 81. Since QAM 5 years 71. Over 20 years 53. A couple of years 48. All 27 years 27. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Less than years 6 and less than 6 months 3. You got those last two combined there, six gotery. Clarence came in to say that Hakes has happy anniversary. Thanks, Comper. Six and three equals. Yeah, I, last time I checked. Yeah, Hank and I have been working together a long time too. Sure. I'm trying to pick if Hank was on at the show with, When I was on Larry King Show on IOD. Because when Bill Carter was working at WOD. So, you know, King was there in Big Wilson. And King was on at night. And he used to do these, I don't know. He had me on a couple of times. And after I came out of the closet on KAT. And he said, I'd like to have you on as a guest. And Sidvan said, Sure, go ahead. Go on a station at somebody might be able to hear, you know. But before that, I was on with him. I'm trying to think when. And the city shy was on there. All these degenerate gamblers were in there. Phil Saltman was on. Hi, Don't Phil. And I'm not sure if Hank was a guest on there or not at that point. But anyway, Hank of course was on IOD with us until board jury decided to play Butch See how we survive, Humber. We survive. Maybe all these assholes come along. But in spite of them, we still survive. And we persevere. That was emotional. I've rich shock. You know what? I don't think I'm ever going to be the same again. Because he sounded like he was serious. Who was serious? I know he was serious. But people just don't usually say that. People in this business who generally are so critical of each other. They know ripping each other a big ass. People that are always going like, I like that. Yeah, like that. Ha ha ha ha ha. Yeah, it's going to what comes around goes around. Okay, don't bask in the glory of that one trend too long sweetheart. Okay, don't let your hair piece fall off the right side of your head too far. I think he has taken a little bit of a tilt to the right. You know, just try to get the needle bashers on there. The limbo tie. Maybe that's why he's so much against the women in Augusta. Twenty seven past eleven or maybe just hates women. Hey, homeowners, is there anything worse than venturing out in your backyard for a nice swim? And then you look at what used to be a beautiful pool and saying, holy crap. Oh my God. What happened here? It's stained. It's dirty. It might be cracking and the pool too. Well, you don't have to look at that mess one more day. Just say no, Mo. You see that, no, Mo. I call our friends at Atlantic Marseille. These guys are just pool guys who want to clean your ears off the back of a truck. I know some guys like that. Their real construction company uses full time employees. Not subcontractors. Atlantic Marseille specializes in the most incredible innovation. They hit the pool business. Diamond Bright. Atlantic Marseille's been pouring it on for 12 years. Their license they're insured professionals they even train other companies all around the globe on how to do diamond Brighting right. And you get the same price that they get to the contractor so why should you get ripped off by those guys with a little pickup trucks. They serve North Miami Browder Palm Beach, called Atlantic Marseille. And even for a friend of ours down in South Bay, but usually they don't go to. Corned trust rat for they're going to take care of them because they want to take care of our QAim listeners. North Miami Browder Palm Beach, called Atlantic Marseille, the largest installers of diamond bright anywhere in South Florida. They'll come right to you and give you a free estimate. They also do pool undecornovations custom lighting pool heating and exotic water features too. For the very best call Atlantic Marseille tool free 1-800-558-8883. That's 1-800-558-888-883 diamond bright to a bright because diamond bright is a pool's best friend. So what a unbelievable word Neil said if the tongue was not right. You wanted more and you got it. The best dog is back singing words you went on the candid seat. All you do is sing in more techniques with even more big stars. The mad dog does them all. It's an all new British invasion with the mad dog singing like a man. I like it. The truth is finally out that Jim and it was truly the fifth people. The world of the land of the city. Now you're a head to state. You always say you don't be a mad dog. Here's the bad dog's and her touching tribute to the king. Oh, this. Oh, man. Oh, man. The mad dog was just a little and divalent when we asked him if he wanted to do it again. Nah, I don't think so. So we had look at the grassy. Feel there is rain or a signature would wind up on the contract. That's kind of a ditch because you're cute. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. And it's the bubble of the middle now if you won't quickly. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. So Carlos, I think it's great to news you. But I thought you were there a couple of days ago when we discovered that I can't talk back to you on the talk back because it bleeds on the air. That's just what one guy said. I think he was just talking about the overflow when you don't wait to let go of the button. No. Okay. I never heard. I mean, unless they worked out under a fish, did I'm not taking a chance? He almost said. Okay. Got it. I mean, I don't want to like, you know, so I whispered back. Was that okay? Was that acceptable? If not. Oh, yeah. Was what? What? Because I don't want to like get me talking over stuff on here. Don't you get it? Carlos. Here's my good close friend, suds. Hey, go to hell. Who says go to hell. Yeah. And stereo. Yeah, you do. Is it great, radio? Yeah. Are you going to pick on Rich on that? That's it all. As a matter of fact, you know, with Rich Shaw who, when he flew, written I down here to South Florida from Hartford, it was that weekend that I first heard you, uh, Saturday morning. And you had Linda Thorden on, uh, who was the time was the radio TV writer. Right. And, uh, more you say, start. You said, start looking. Yeah. Well, before she had ever even heard us, uh, she was already predicting that demise and failure of our show. And I just wanted to say, hey, Linda, you were right. Man, oh man. Whatever happened to her, do I? I don't know. She was in the case of Joe Johnson, who was on magic, what I think is still air, isn't he? I think so. What kind of a phonor you want? Uh, or real good one. Yeah, sounds like it. What's got a crank? Did you get it nice? There's this before they close the doors. Well, listen, uh, congratulations on 27 year. I got a run. I got a new meeting with Rumsfeld. Okay. Well, listen. Have a good time and pull the right switches. Okay, then. Thanks, Doug. See you later. How was that? Yeah. It also. Rick and says they're not on a year, which is very sad. We got all these pumps on here. You got a little prank, Craig on here in the lightbulb, Junior. Oh, my God. But also, here's our first constant fact that it, which is excellent. But before I get to that, here's a nice facts. But I'll read that first. We'll put the, uh, constant one in between. Muscle topic, congrats on your anniversary. We're listening to you since WNWSU. The only sane, rational, intelligent voice left on a radio. Yes, I am. You're the only constant on radio. You brighten our days with your wit object, uh, objectivity, town and wonderful voice. Yes, I do. We love you and wish you many more health years. Fill Marsha, Bernie and family. Thank you guys. Great nice. Have you do this suction? Now, here's a hostile facts. Your Neil, first off, happy anniversary. Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, these people are a panic. You know, and how come the name that these signs here doesn't match the one on the, uh, letterhead? What do you mean by that? You know, it's supposed to figure that out. Because on a bottom of the page, it says Donald W. Shackleford, but it's signed Brent Collins and Miami. Anyway, first off, happy anniversary. And then after that, if you, oh well, it goes on to say, how much you could say a new listener is some of my co-workers listen to you. It's been about a year and I dread coming to work because I know it's spelled N.O. I know I'll have to listen to you bitch for three hours just to get ten mince of some useful info, ten mince. You only good thing about the show is the bits. Listening to you bitch about South Florida's getting old if you hate it so much. And the hate to radio down her, change it. Down her, down her pants. Your show is all about, all about talk and I listen and you never really have any useful info. It's like they give you the show just to bitch. Now you're catching on, Brett? Oh God, and the polls don't get me started. Oh my God. We don't care. Brent Collins, well thanks for listening, Brett. And don't cheer all your hair out. You start looking like Greg. Or like Mo. This is a great fact to want to picture of it stuff for real. Right. So drawing of a big belief shell station says Tom Shell. And where the pictures are, are the prices are. Under South Florida, regular plus and whatever. It says Arm Point Nine, Leg Point Nine, and Firstborn Point Nine, where the prices would be. Two Arm and Leg and Firstborn. It's a gas. Here's Laura who says congrats on your 27 years in radio. Thank God for either you celebrate in Toronto when that you're out of this God for say, Contan. Oh, see now, Brett's going to get upset because I'm bitching about being in South Florida, which is why I'm not Brent being around sour assholes like you. Who say happy anniversary and then proceeding on a rip everything about the God damn show. Anyway, Laura says, I've been listening to you for at least 20 years. The man, everyone else, pales in comparison, spelled P.A.I.L.S. Well, nobody's perfect Laura. She's a regular fact so she's entitled. A short-scrire went to the fleet. This is did you read this? No. I went to the flea market recently and highly approaches just actually bought a picture of you with Dave Capri and Glenhill and paid 50 cents for it. Alright. I hope most of you another 27 years in closing most still sucks and Greg Reed blows. Most sucks and Greg blows. Take a creative vacuum. Sign Laura. Thank you Laura. Kind of pales into one significance. Let's picture about South Florida. Just so Brent's not disappointed there. I guarantee Brent is squeezing himself in his co-workers right now. Oh, he's not going to read that. Hell, I won't. Just have a good time. Rip away, baby. Keep ribbon it. How many of you things we got on there? Fortwood and 69. Less than a year. We got six people listening less than a year and three less than six months. Still stuck on it. Same number, George. And I'm up. Six and three. Huh? And it still comes out the same. Oh, something screwed up here. What just happened there? Six and three still comes out. Yeah. Oh, good. We're just a second there. I thought it was going to have like a major. Wow. Look at this facts. You must think my eyesight is really good. Good. Golly. Well, the, uh, I got to change the carcages. Oh, so in a sun year end because I have a fairly new one. When I came back up here, I put a brand new tone reader. So it's on year end that the ink card. See, it's always down there. That's another reason I'm here. Everything works here, you know? In the Toronto studio, everything works magnificent. Oh, no problem. But down there. I hate this place. Not the work here. Yeah, that's the Miami studio, okay? Everything in our studio. Not so much in the talks studio because that's for sports. The main studio where they got 75 microphones and a big humongous table of size of the conference table of the UN. But our studio, a joke made you joke. Thanks a lot, Corso. And of course, don't forget your friend Bob removed. This is the bees. These are a bunch of mugwums. That's what he said. Okay, we'll save this fact when we come back in the course. I see a couple open lines on you're not too impressive. You know what I'm saying? They're emotional, but not quite not as emotional as Ricky Tickie. I don't think I'm ever going to recover from that. He was us in Syria. Yeah, he was. What made it to the hotel? It's not easy to find a sincere man in software. My life and local. We're sports video 560. We're a new AM. It's day. See my avid town. How many more days do I have to like poison? I have five six. Oh, WQA. Oh. McRiley stole my briefcase here. I liked a fart in his face. That's Army Jink. What gifts and the rights? I think his wife bought a pilot off the night. Oh, right. Rick Riley stole my briefcase. What does this race do to human race? Oh, Rick, you're a smuck. We can't go for sucks. That wheel of meat should also include Rick Riley's butt. Oh, Rick Riley stole my briefcase. Hey, the stupid. I liked a fart in his face. I can't go. Rick Riley, you're an asshole. 145 at 560 WQA. Those were the days man. The WIOD days. And not a station's making a comeback. Thanks to the right wing fanatics. See, I wouldn't want to be if I was like in a business in the real business. Yeah, which were not. It's that I would want to be like a part of that. You know, I feel like unclean. I feel, oh, nauseous. With that whole rush and shmit head and all that other crappy. You know, look at that old, oh, very nasty ugly and grotesque. So I guess all of those people out there that's a lot of his diaries. They must be like multi-millionaires and almost go to church like at least 4-516 times a week. Indeed. Right? I've never heard of it. What a fetus. 560. 560. You got many open lines. That one. You're all of a sudden, which is very distressing. I know we couldn't keep going whole four hours. And I realized it's not extraordinarily entertaining. The suckathon is sounds very self-serving, doesn't it? I don't care. You know, one day a year is not too bad. Little self-serving crap. What's wrong with that? Nothing. We had the facts from Brent, which I proudly read on a year. When are the phones on the set with a boner name? Lots of old bits. We did? Yeah.. Cup out. I know what they are saying. Maybe you should have had some other one. Classics have to manage their Strings had to be changed. You tell the audience 1 and 1 at the end. I hate to get a shot of that. You play in the OH easyhead. Then what's that? 560, Pound 560 on the AT&T. Police? App meisten, I haven't Popped a gun. I'm getting punished by the Lord. I don't think that's foolish doing a damn thing. It's on wheels which is nice. The earth purifier? Oh God. And I'm gagging on it. I think that thing is like reverse. I think what it does. It takes all the crap out of here on the one side. Pukes it back on back at you. Or maybe it takes all the oxygen out. Oh, I'm getting that thing out of here. See? God almighty. So as I started to hominette song. That, that, that, that, that, that. See what's going on here. Uh-oh. Poison you guys. All the way across the border here. It's the poison gas. I can smell it. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Neil? Yes sir. Hey, you know what man? You're the man. I've listened to you since about 18 years old. And you are the barometer. If they want to know what's wrong with Florida, we listen to you man. Yeah, sir. I don't mind I'm telling you right now. But the only thing. There's only one thing. I'm not going to go say anything rude. Go ahead. I would talk about your love life and who you date. Yeah. Well, why do you want to date? I would talk about as long as I've been listening to you. Let me ask you this question. Yes sir. First of all, I don't date anybody like you know. But number two, I'd like you to name me somebody else on here on our station or any station who talks about who they date on here. Well, I mean, what you do with listening to you. You talk about some sometimes you talk about your personal life sometimes you don't. Yeah. Little bit tear in there. And it's always been like, everyone I know will listen to you. Well, I know. Yeah. Who the hell was he? I mean, you know, you like Johnny Debti like this guy like that guy Ricky Martin. I'm dating and wreakay this week. Come on. You never talked about your personal life. That would that would be the next. Well, what does that mean? I see you don't mean your personal life. You talking about my sex life is what you want. You know, what are you talking about? What are you talking about? Let me ask you this question. So does Hank talk about his sex life funny? I wanted to hear about that guy's sex life. There's a mode talk about his sex life funny here. He doesn't have one. Does Jeldi talk about his sex life funny? Only good. I know he's the only one. I know does that his George talks about his sex life funny or look at his numbers. That's true. Yeah. He owes numbers. Yeah. I won't keep it up. And that's a great life. Oh yeah. Mind your own business. Well, talk about a long nose, huh? Why don't you tell us who your really are? Might as well be that can try Bob Kunsting the Mr. Ego set up on W. Just news years ago. Tell us who your really are. Yeah. What the hell does that mean, you know? Good God. He wouldn't know any of those people anyway. What's that? No the ones you're dating. What are their names? Hilda. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a yeah. Who I'm dating. What did the people are hank his dating, huh? I bet he don't know some of the names either. What else difference is the name? That's right. I might know a couple of names here in here. God. Get a life man. He's almost as good as that guy. The hot gay sex guy. Almost. Here's for a lot of day. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you doing? Okay. Happy happy. Thanks. Did you really bend that one? Yeah. We don't talk to Mr. G. Carlos. See even I know by now. And was that difficult to figure out? No. That Carlos, I'm telling you. Really slipping. How much did he get you for traffic court? Wait, he's he's screening. Yeah. He's screening. All right. Oh, I got to be back in 60 days. Little beiner boy going back to traffic court in 60 days. Maybe we'll take up a collection for you. Please. How come he didn't call a ticket to get a fencing? Well, that's right. They charge a few bucks. You can't erase. George will take care of it for you. No problem. Same time he's making your car payment. Here's my me Lake. Hello. Hey, Neil. Congratulations. Thank you. I've been listening to you. I should've thought about seven years old. My old man used to listen to you on those dating shows. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Carlos, a long time ago. I was about seven. I met you actually personally at the bizarre. Remember when you should do some appearances there? Oh, yeah. At the bus on the market. Well, yeah. Let me ask you a question. That looks. I remember when you used to form my ears or whatever. Tampa. That guy from Luce was that real with that kind of a set up. It was kind of like Reverend Jones. It was kind of like Reverend Jones thing. Yeah. Same thing. I wanted to ask you. I don't know if you have that bit still about me or like it. Those times when you used to do that. Well, no, that was it. A bit that was a show that Steve Nickel Wright. He, he, he brought in. Oh, I forgot all about them. But I didn't do that. I used to be a show. I used to bring in a piece to bring in a makefully touch your host and call the show. I know where you like it. That's where you got all these good drops from. You know what I mean? Oh, my. But Jersey wasn't a show. He was like a real, uh, make believe. Talkos. I missed. Good was, uh, was on a real show or one of those shows. He was on a make believe show real show. I'm going to have fun. And I hope everybody else does too. Oh, draw. You get a great drop from that. But you do have a bit about the meal. I don't know. Maybe somewhere. You can't put these play that meal. I'll try and find a for you. Thank you, sir. But by see is. We don't have a bit. Do we? No. No. That was a name of a show. Was this Steve Nickel thing in a course. Steve Nickel. I would. With and for and around several people who thought that everything on a radio station revolved around whether I would like it or that so that I could get the blame. Right. I didn't promote Chuck Myers morning show. Therefore, Neil was responsible for that. It was a big bomb. Okay. I didn't promote the music on say to the rest of the day. Therefore, it was Neil's fault that the rest of the day had numbers like in, uh, microscopic, you know. It's always comes back to that. It's never anything positive. It's never anybody saying, oh, look at all the great publicity. Well, a lot of it was, uh, you know, a fun and games and giving them a shots here in there. All of it was with Mo. I guarantee there wouldn't be 50 people out there. No, who Mo Howard David was if it weren't for this show. No, you're too tired. He shouldn't get any promotion from God damn Greg Reed. I'll tell you that. Hey, they took that out. Remember? Yeah, right. The woman to hear a piece like covering his face. That was cute. That was a good piece too. Big improvement, too, by the way, Mo. I'm choking over here from this air purifier. I think what it does is purify the crap in the air. Didn't, didn't, we'll find, no, we'll find particles that puts it down your throat. This thing, 250 bucks I wasted on this thing. Not to mention those ozone ones in the house that I wasted. I don't have a 400 bucks on four, though. Yeah. Those ozone things you plug them in, you're sure to mine in the ear. Smells like death. Have you ever smelled that stuff? Yeah, yeah. Oh, my God. Wow, poison. I was in the supermarket yesterday. Somebody farted real bad. And it just, it just lingered. It just stayed in a swan spot. It hung. Yeah, hung in the air. I ran away from it and I came back and it went to the out of it. It just hung there. It just stayed in a freaking air. A smart fart. Yeah, a smart fart. Maybe it was from the government. Maybe they sent it back because that brought that Canadian brother that he sent. Those damn Americans, those bastards, I hate him. Yeah, this crutch and man, he's got problems. All these women in his government keep talking about the damn Americans and all the presents. Well, I don't want to say myself on the air. Remember that one a few months ago? She had a finely resigned because of all the heat she took. Just for just for saying that like she felt she said the present was a M. Oh, R. Oh, yeah. Yeah, this is what she said. She had a good point. And more and more people are green with her. By the way, see President Poon Tang is saying he might veto that resolution. How about his turn? The world is turned. The world is turned to Russians. They're saying, hey, not so fast. Hot shot. Not so fast. And the Mexicans and Chile also said, hey, we think we like the Canadian resolution. At least to give to the end of March, March 31. And Paul Wolfowitz having a George Bush said, no, you must have done all of our plans. We're going in March 14, baby. No, not so fast, George. So we'll see. We're going in. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16. This real from Los Angeles, or is this a joke? Hello. Los Angeles. Hey, hello. Hey. Hey. Yes. So long. I almost lost it. Hey, Neil, congratulations to down in Los Angeles. Thank you. I called you two years ago in your 25th. Yes, Alan. I've been thinking to the Canadian Miami in 1978. Unfortunately, I left our fortunately. Luckily, 92. Congratulations. Yeah. And the last thing I sent you, I think was my life. My wife left home with a banana. I got to play that. Yeah. I sent you that before, left town. But I just wanted to tell you, it's great. I've listened to you on the internet for years now. And it's so great to be in touch with that voice that I love for 25 years. And I've been through the eating on the air, the no eating on the air, the call, the no calls. The no calls, the stories, the no sh... And you know what? It's all good. It's all fun. Yeah. And the paytics continue to clear which is all I care about. And you know, there's always a place in the TV if it doesn't work out. Absolutely. In fact, I'd love to go back to the TV down. Ha ha ha. Have a great day, Alan. Hey, you two, Neil. And a great life. Thanks a lot. Bye. We're getting calls from LA from San Antonio. Where was the other one we had? Alaska. Alaska, the moon, Uranus, outer space. All over the goddamn place. That's the tremendous impact of this show. Anybody believe it? No. I don't either. 560, pound 560 on the TV and what a great were we had. The Jeff Cohen, two great ponytail guys. And Rick Shaw. With a different kind of hairstyle. Head suds Coleman. By the celebrities are poor in studios. 27th anniversary. Stop five horizon wireless this afternoon. 560, at 6989 West Broward Boulevard in plantation. We got some of our usual low budget 2A in prizes. And why do they? Though you can register when tickets to an upcoming Florida Marlins home game. And enjoy Joe Costello 5-7 this afternoon. What do you mean then? Mon in San Antonio. At Armstrong Toyota of Hollywood, Stomp out of when tickets to the Toyota in D300 and Keynes tickets. Plus enjoy free food from Atlantic City, Subsware, I wear and the bread. Make the big difference and the good news is, Scott won't be there. My life. And low. This is 430564. 2AM. This is Dick Cheney. I like to relax by having very diagonal and massage my balls. I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour. Okay. Life left down by the banana. Oh, a rotten deal. Found that Joe devil. Hiding in his purse. He's cold. He's hard. But he's got a few. I hope that there will be a happy and see you. To some fruit breaks your marriage into the wife left down by the banana. There's the baby slip by the way. Oh, I like left down by the banana. I'm a jealous man. Found that six inch Latin lover. Now she does the thing over the right hand. And right now I could just die. Easy. My banana cream pie. My wife left down by the banana. The baby slip and the baby slip and the baby slip and the way. Speaking of slipping away, you know, I also had some serious slippage in his last latest trend. I give up. Your good friends Paul and Ron. Young Ron, my best close personal buddies. And Ron. Look at that. We're now. Are they already here? Ron and Ron. Oh, my God. Woo. But boy. What demo were you looking at? You name it. Okay. Actually, when I was looking for the word here for get about them, they're small potatoes. When I was looking for it because Bill O'Rolley made a big impact on FTL. And I'm looking here to see if WFTL shows as well. Do they have an O1 yet? I'm looking on the 80th page. Let's see WNMA. That's the in that the Cain station Mr. Ego station with a .9 in midday. WJNA. WWFB. WJNA. WWFB. It doesn't show at all. The light bulb. Include it. I wouldn't even include the normal Camp Show, which is on 8 to 9 in the morning's on that station. Sure. I even waste my time looking for that. Let's see. Let's look. We had a category. Men 90 plus. I mean, let's get serious. Okay. What are we talking about? We're talking about shows that are not exist. Okay. Let me just look at persons 12 plus in the morning. Okay. I think that's the one. For about, we've got paddle license exercise. We've got 50. The tymes who don't know just explain them. How you find them? So much more, whether it is only animal or animal? What are we doing here? I'd like to build a proper amount of dust, okay? I'm not making sense. Let me tell you about it. There'll be a couple minutes for that. We'll be there. I'll give you another example. Well. I think in my case, you said it's a T2 function. in or point oh oh oh oh oh oh in fact that's what everybody says when it come across that channel under dial oh oh must be a mistake sorry norm up a you ain't got no number an either of course you know he's got the same numbers bill around it that's something to write in his uh resume five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line our big noon to one hour twenty seven years on the air today and it feels like only what forty fifteen rich on call still he's me very emotional I'm not joking about that that was really nice because he was in suit and if he'd tell it right how we're a little choked up and sub-call and I was joking it and by the way Carlos who you've been dating lately you want to tell us about you're a uh personal life that's a choice that call was that call was a panic I mean suppose I am dating somebody I mean like seriously okay and I said oh uh Jeff Schwartz yeah that'd be them to that uh would that mean anything anybody right no no so so what's the point he's writing a book I'll tell you what from now on I'm gonna start taking names I'll start writing names right yeah just don't make them up okay wow yeah Peter North son okay remember Mr. and Mrs. North you got a Toronto phone book up there right good god I don't need a phone book I have to do here's walk outside whatever you like it's there believe make the tree it's there oh fruit and the fruit falls right on church street here's Miami hello hello when is this what Neil yes sir 27 years to survive in this town is unbelievable it's amazing this is your good friend Mr. Bob Lincoln hey Bob how you doing I'm good I know I was also because when you said you're good friend I assume it couldn't possibly be done well I have a few things to thank you for Dr. Akon right are you still are you still squeezing that uh I still making it to death we're on our ninth year doing their Akon screws so that's kind of nice thing alright right and don't forget Bob Viva last big yeah well right you know don't just follow the funny times that you know we have a lot of chuckle out of that oh I started listening to you in 1979 uh and thank you for all the last yeah yeah a lot of chuckles and a lot of good times but I you know 20 times and case roll those travel those two by the way I'm my pleasure all those hotel books yeah well I know you like those I did anyway you're in a better place of course I you know hard business travel business things right now I just got you know the Canadians have right they just don't want to come down here anymore the good ones because of the hassle that they got to go through to get into this country so and because they're dollar all the Canadian dollars up to 67 cents which pisses me off now when I first came up real last year with only 62 cents and now it's 67 cents because the American dollar is going in the tank oh yeah well you know I don't know if you've been to Italy or France lately but the euro has surpassed the dollar yeah it's a bucket yeah nice yeah good job but by JW but anyway but again Neil we're going to be otherwise yeah thank you so much for all the great years and what's continued on okay Bob good lucky yeah okay we'll need it okay Bob like any sounded like a little incoherent that's what he always sounds like anyway he's okay you know it's part of the biggest tips he's okay he's means well you know doesn't always come out of where he likes but he means well five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty and of course I officially gave up my Amsterdam apartment yesterday official I talked to my good friend Peter and I said I'll still leave I said there you go and I have a nice life yeah I didn't say that but I just said that said I'm not coming back at least not that apartment I said go have a good time have a good time with that TV set the stereo furniture all the other good stuff and he told me that you know tourist forget about it there's nobody there huh I mean would you want to get out of planning go to Amsterdam right now you went too far what I want to get on a plane period I'll see you're a pussy generally I mean you see you can't worry about things like that if it's the right time you know what they always talk about time here is I can't afford to go on a plane most somebody paid you away like you're good friend out of the way yeah they don't go anywhere I think it changes my because you call them a pussy if he paid your way and they said you was the apartment I used him because he can't go anyway because they got his passport in limbo for like the next 20 years yeah all his lawsuits I've flooded Kuwait right now who gets crap would you really sure for free good hotel on the other end maybe you go over there meet some of your Palestinian friends who five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty I know I don't want to say at all of them you know that whole thing yeah all of them the middle east the Near East the Far East and since we're spreading democracy so good somebody made a real good point one of the 80 shows I watch last night in between the hockey games and that is hey let's spread a little democracy to Pakistan oh sorry maybe that's the model we want to use that could represent a democracy they're in Pakistan the Saudi Arabia is our Middle East right now Pakistan is our good buddies you know right where we have the bloodless school by the military general hmm so real represented democracy if I ever seen one and they were the ones who invented the Taliban by the way there were the ones that gave us Osama Yamama quite frankly when he went hiding from Saudi Arabia by way of Sudan and finally they decided to take him out of their wing in Afghanistan the Taliban man god is that frost my ass pisses me off big time taken shoes which ones because they're an easy target now man we already destroyed most of their military he's easy pickens everybody hates and like poison so let's go in there man we'll sell to the American public Tony Blair go along we got those naked pictures of him doing Prince Charlie 560 pound 560 on it's almost enough inspiration to make me play you have Never be my friend AMAKIEh I'm a monster! This is Fort Radio 560. Wait, wait, wait, wait, yeah. Either you bestude. Oh, oh! If you cannot find a trauma bomb or a wreck, if the markets are a trauma bomb or a wreck, If the terror is the frisky Pakistan is looking to feed or to bring it is to risk the bomb or a wreck, if we have no wildlife with the trauma wreck, if we think that someone's is the trauma wreck, we're gonna have to hold it held with the instructions, let's stop for the elections, close your mind and take the riches off or wreck. Okay. Fall in line and fall the orders on or wreck. Oh! Our life machines are for his trauma wreck. This agree will call the trees and let's make the war not called the season. Even if we have no reason on our wreck. Professor seated in 560 WKM, a call from the Bahamas or should we do Andy Mosfers? Let's do Andy Mosfers, it'll be a short call. Hey, Andy. Boy, you're right, right? Andy. Oh, Andy Mosfers, gone? How do you like that? I told you to be sure, call. See my psychic powers are working again. Andy Mosfers, it used to work with the Panther organization. I look up there, I see the name, I said, let's put him ahead of everybody else because and he's gone. That's the message you, Andy. Here's Port Lou Kai and a Bahamas, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I'm on. I love your show. I'm a Jew in an anti-Semite. Wonderful. Now, listen to me. Tell me where I go wrong, logically. If you were about 20 years old, Neil, and for some reason, he is really government. Got bad somehow, somebody got elected. Mr. Lee is like, you know, I'm already his bad, okay? So take your all your Middle Eastern crappens, jamming, okay? Boy, boy, what can't tell where he's coming from, can we? Is real? From hunger. God, almighty, go eat some home and touch, okay? It's almost poor, I'm time. Good, golly. 560, 560, palm 560, on the AT&T. And you know what, that started with any anti-Mostain. Let's blame him. Was that no, that's right. That was Jeff Moss that worked with the Panther organization. Right. Any Moss was his brother, right? Right. And these back will look. What do you mean Andy's back? Six. Andy's back? Well, we're going to do the whole hour with Andy Moss. What's going on here, Andy? Hey, Andy. I don't call much because I don't have much to say, but I wanted to take advantage of this opportunity, which, you know, at the anniversary. Thank you so much. It's been a long time, and I think you're good at, you know, to have the anniversary. How's everything going? You feel? Everybody's going just the same as always, man. It's the QAM Radio Wishway. I hear you. Well, I hope you feel better, and I hope everything's good up in Toronto, and we'll see you in the next 30 years, right? Thanks, Andy. Say how to Jeff if you ever run a grow over him. Say, Neil, have a good one. Okay, you two. Whatever happened with the cop that ran over those two friends woman on the beach. Giving a little slap on her wrist. That's correct. I'm not going to disappear just like the stereotype about the hookers down in the day county. The hooker ring that the cop said going, well, what about the county? The cops can do no wrong, man. And the friend friends, the former FBI agents, whatever happened with him is he cool in his heels. Yeah, cool. He's chillin'. He'd be chillin'. What a disaster. Yeah, the sun is shining. It's a beautiful day. It's going to be 34A in a real city with like real people. And I'm going to start making up some names. Like you said, out of the phone book. Right. Habib something, rather. How many votes we got on that poll there? It's not a poll to survey. Everybody's required to participate this weekend. A little suspicious of the last two categories there, but you never know. How long have you been able to do this show since the rise by 27th anniversary on your in Miami? Over 10 years, 174. Over 15 years, 11. Since WQAM 5 years, 92, 5 years in a couple of months, but who's counting all, rather. Over 20 years, 71, couple years, 54. All 27 years, 30. Oh my god. Shocking. Less than 6 months, 12 and less than a year. Nine. Those last two are me. I don't know. Aren't you a little suspect to that? No, that's about right. Here's Papino. Hello. Yes sir. Boy, this is fun going down memory lanes. 1991, the buddy of mine, came at me for lunch. I was working for FPNL, I'm all places. God forbid. Yeah, and he said, you ever heard Neil and I said, who the hell is that? And I put it on, never turned you off. But you know, it's funny throughout the years. You've always talked about people that hit you always listen. You know what I mean? Yeah, and people I've talked to and tried to turn it on. Try to turn you on to them, whatever. And I said, why do you listen to that asshole and everything? But yet a week or so later, don't come up with me. Say, hey, you hear Neil today? Yeah. That's happened since, wow, throughout the whole time I've listened to you. Yeah. And it's amazing that they hate you so much, but yet they just can't turn the guy down. Well, it's just like the people that call on starts screaming and carrying on. And you're thinking, quote, champion versus every dancing, or I could even better one than that, it's like people I know I don't want mention A name. We're always talking about how George sucks. He's so terrible. And yet then they're going onto a whole, then they tell me they never listened to him. And then they start talking about what he just got through talking about the whole show that A before you got it. This is Jerry. I brought you a Peter North J video a long time ago. All right. Yeah, that was me. To know he got so old man. He's still a straight shooter, but he's about 110 years old. I like this, or said, you know, I just love him. I said, you still like him. He's about 100. Oh, my God. Just incredible. Well, let's let you have to get some new movies or something. Let's pawn him off on your sister. Be a good match. Yeah, right. I love you happy anniversary and thank you. Thanks, everybody. We can say a party. Oh, two light. What? Once I get my finger on a man, it's like score score two light. 5 6705 6b. Yeah, we just hate you like poison. And we were talking about yesterday at 1214. I was just an Aussie in 1214 30. We hated that. And George was into that eating ass stuff again and talking about his wife and about the swing club. But about Joe Castella, what about this? And about that? And about those damn Jews and his railings. Ah, et cetera. And they can all quote chapter and verse every moment of every show. So you're not fooling anybody. No, here's another one. I don't listen. Doesn't listen. And then he's on there. Oh, the pipe smokeer. If this is funny. That is funny. Right. How come he didn't call to wish to happy anniversary? What's next? Dead baby? That's coming Monday. Dead baby is going to be doing the show from C.K.L.W. I want to feast a lot of his buddy Perry Komo died. Right. World Dead babies? Sure. C.K.L.W. Do you have all the jingles that we don't have the jingles and the thing or don't play and please, we don't want to start playing jingles. How come blind Mike didn't call in? And you know who else hasn't called in to wish me happy 27th anniversary? Good. Because he's gone straight to jail when I get back to town. I think somebody's taken both. He's calling an online two. Is that a matter of fact? Another VIP. Oh, my good personal friend, Tom Laman. How's it going, Tom? Hello, Neil. How's things? I'm doing good. Well, I just wanted to wish you a happy 27th anniversary. And for doing a great job here in South Florida. And also for doing a great job for us. Well, listen, it's easy. When you're doing spots for guys but in the same spot for 100 years, it's easy. I'm doing up there in Canada. Everything is beautiful. It's starting to warm up a little bit. It's almost a freezing by now and I love it. You did not have to go through Buffalo, did you? No, thank you. Fortunately. No. And I'll tell you one thing, as much as I know you're in a car business, not having to have a car and to drive to get around. You have no idea how great it is. Oh, I bet it is. You can want a Toronto's a type of place where you can want basically walk to everything. Walk to everything. They got the South Great subway and it's a real pleasure. Well, great. Listen, have a great day and thanks for everything and a great, a great 27 years here. Thanks a lot Tom. Say how to tell. Take care. Just say it's up. Just say it's up. I'm sure we did. Let's get his name on here again. See you Tom. Come on. Good guy. Tom Layman, a Joe Prieto and Helen Paniac, with sponsors of the show. See us amazing to some of the people out there. We actually have people like this show. No, not that shocking. And admit it. And admit it. Not only like the show when I can't turn off, but they actually admit it as opposed to those people. I like Dennis who can't turn it off, but hates every moment of it. See, I just find something very massacistic and bizarre and disturbing about that. That would be like if there's some show on TV that I hated. Or I'll give it even better example of that. If I said here and it like if I was retired now. And every day I'm sure he's on in Buffalo or somewhere in the East station I could pick up. And listen to Rush Limbaugh for three hours every day. I have to go get me some myself. A shrink. Why would I subject myself to that? I don't listen to him for three seconds. I know exactly what's going to be there. And it's going to give me boiling man. It's a pile of crap and just pontificates and touch a lot of crap and people buy it no matter what. So I don't listen to it. That's all. I don't want to get him off the year. I don't say, you know, whatever. You don't want to get him off the year. I don't say, you know, whatever. You don't want to get him off the year. And that's the thing that's amazing to me is the hypocrisy. The so-called conservatives who are supposed to believe in less government and less interference in yadda yadda. These are the same assholes who want the government. They're going to be thrown by the way. Then they make an exception or check out what's in your pipe that you're smoking. That's an exception. And certainly when it comes to freedom of speech, it's only I've told you this for years. They believe in your freedom of speech as long as you say what they like. Once you start saying something they don't like, then, it's like that. Like that asshole. It said, he and I, I can't stop thinking about that guy. Because we're seeing a classic example of it two months in a row. The guy I called to say he punished me in December because he got the arbitron diary. But he didn't put me down because he doesn't like my politics. Well, my politics aren't any different now than I have been for 27 years. No different. Yeah, he's about talking about it. My feelings about work. I always talked about it. My feelings about organized religion. No different now than I have been for 27 years. It's a polycrap. It's evil. You talk about evil, doers. About grave robbers. About brain robbers. You know, that business about any of a stole of freight train. I'd rather see you guys stole a freight train and stole somebody's brain. And that's what the religion is to all about. And that's what all this crap is now. Showed on Iraq, the Shiites and the Sunnis and the Kurds and this one and the Hindus and the Muslims. It's all a bunch of craziness. It's crazy freaking people. Just like it wasn't Bosnia. Like it was it. Like it always is. Every world that a God damn world. And the so-called mainstream media man, you people in the mainstream media. Most of you should only croak. Okay, I hate to say that because it's as pretty severe. You should croak a wicked death. Because your co-conspirators, your participants, and from putting over on a God damn public all this bullcraft. I think local all these species, life-seekless. The re-users you're... AHHH! AHHH! QAIN! I don't have a penis. Well, congratulations, get a life. Oh! They just increased us to high alert status. Both no one blows up my brand new dust ran into her time in a wrenc system. They gave us the news, popping value with a big less of fools. I keep looking at my clump apartment. I called remax for a bomb group apartment. Re-inforce my front door with ginger blocks. Wonder if that won't keep on the small pots. Checking my mail for that deadly white powder, stocking my covers with candles, clam chowder, living on our killer's share ain't no fun. I think the terror is already won't. I can't take it. I won't make it. If it goes to red. Oh, I'll pull the covers off over my heads. And just stay in bed. Oh, he is dead. So another mystery of QAIN. Was there the vanishing billboards? So during the break, just out of curiosity. I clicked on to these two emails that muffled sent me about the billboards. Yeah. Did you hear QAIN one and the new rogers one? And I had seen them already a few days ago when he first emailed him. And I clicked on today and the links I clicked the link in it both disappeared. There's nothing there. They have vanished. What does that tell you? Have we had one legitimate call from anybody who's seen a QAIN billboard? No. No. I just make sure that didn't pass. I don't want to like P on their parade. I don't want to say anybody's lying to us again. Like that check that was in the mail. It still hasn't gotten there to my box. 1231 at 560 WQN the mad dog at 1 the Humper at 3. We got the Tain's baseball 650 against the Citadel. And he came to the baseball game and ESPN radio, such as it is in Boyet, blows overnight. Films and time. Here's a call from the Gables. Hello. Hi, New York. Yes, sir. Well, it's funny when I just wanted to ask you the number I got was Shalom and welcome for calling LL is real airlines in Miami office. That is not me. What does that mean? I don't know what does it mean. Anyway, congratulations. Long time listeners. I say, FM and back to AM. Your 27th is my 50th. So let's keep a watch on the tall buildings. Okay. Thanks. Thank you. Okay. I have no idea. I don't have any idea, but he was, you know, he's a happy. 5605. 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. All I can say is, LL Airlines. Staffers Goof at Cornell University sends welcoming email to hundreds of rejected students. Cornell University mistakenly said on an email message welcoming hundreds of students that had previously rejected. The mistake happened Wednesday when a clerk or staff member was escorted to messagemen only for students who would apply early and been accepted. As a result of the error, the email was sent to 1700 students, including nearly 550 high school seniors that the Ivy League School of State at the Cadre, December. Greetings from Cornell your future alma mater the message said, congratulations on your acceptance in the class of 2007. The mistake was discovered when somebody noticed that too many messages have been sent. The university then emailed a follow-up message and explained what had happened. I was in shock Angela Griffin Jones, Dean of the Underground, who had graduated with a mission to the New York Times. I'm still in shock. When university admissions offices sometimes make mistakes, college admissions officials said the scope of Cornell's error was unusual. It's safe to say that every admissions office has some experience where some kids got in a wrong letter said Joyce Smith executive director of the National Association for College of Mission Counseling. Unfortunately when you email and you hit the send button you can't take it back. I've thought about that once you hit the send button but I've been it's out there in the ether you know what I'm saying right and you can't grab and bring it back. Well, leave it to Cornell you know they give us Gary Betman. What do you expect? 560560 palm file in your who else I was from Cornell. Dr Bob Ackens. Oh, how do you like that? By the way, Joe was only says high happy anniversary. Hey thanks Joe thanks for all your stuff. Joe will be pleased to know I have all of my supplies up here. We've got a whole case of really and this is a hammer mill. They had a special on which is the good facts paper. Yeah. That doesn't come up and bend and fold it like that cheap crap we used to. You did it on the heap rubbing it in. What? No nothing. And I got my Tony here from office deeper where they delivered the next day whatever you want. Is that a two-toder? Yeah, two-toder kind of like my shoes. That's a mole. I'm sorry. Like 40 miles. I have the anniversary. Thank you sir. Perfect segue for your story. You'll enjoy the local newspapers but also NBC's twos out here in Lee County the local website. There's a fairly detective his name is Lawson. Cool for the last nine years as a pretend to be a cop. That actually made detectives and it turns out that he had lied about his past that he really had only worked a few hours up in Ohio. And he used a McDonald's W2 form. He can believe it. And apparently it's X-Wite ratted on him. And the funny point about is this spike that he's been on. Hundreds of cases. One of his cases if you look up on the local criminal website. He was actually an arresting officer on a charge. He was falsely impersonating an officer. Beauty. Excellent. And then he got a few years for nine years of arresting people. He wasn't even a real cop. Another thing was that he was a hamburger or flipper McDonald's and he was pretending to be a dick. Yeah, he actually made a detective believe they're not so. But you get a kick out of that. So happy anniversary. Thanks a lot, Pally. Watch out for those dicks. 1235, 560, 750, 550. 550, 550. 550. Oh, there's every fly show was said. It's like 19th. Okay. Boy, he really makes me ill. You know, I get physically ill when I see him. You talk about our cop out and sell out. Brother. You can't complain about his principles and values because quite frankly, I don't think he's got any. Every fly show. Would you like to just put some lung on his balls? He's got started. Schmier some crap on his balls. In fact, that pile that mowed dropped in front of the control room door. Just Schmier it on Erie's balls. Spongebot. Have the entire all immediate people there. All the White House press gorgeous laugh moth the state. Just like you ran away. Did today. 560, 750, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. 27 years coming to win end. Oh, as of one o'clock. And then we start with number 28 on Monday, maybe. You never know. What? Now, if we got any more word about those billboards. They just, no, I'm serious. I'm talking about from the inside. They wouldn't lie to us on the inside of what? The inside of a Campbell soup can. I don't know. I mean, what is that all about? They just made it up about the billboards? I don't know. He sent me a couple of images and said, well, hold your breath and wait and see if they ever go up or if anybody sees one. Not yet. Maybe they bought the side of the billboard that doesn't face the road. Yeah, the one that faces the inside of the billboard. Yeah. Yeah, I know that one. You have the side of the paper. Here's Hialia. Hello. Nice talking. Hialia. Hialia's got problems. You know, they've always had problems with us. And vice versa. Here's a call from Schmier. Here's a call from Stewart. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, for the twenty seven, man. Thanks. Are you doing George? Wait. Let's go. He's the same. He's the same. I've been with you since, well, about eight years. Is this twenty seven? I can only wish I was there prior to that. Yeah, that's not good stuff. Yeah, that's the way it seems. But that's not a cut. You know, but really, I commend you for dealing with these policies. I mean, I don't blame you for not even wanting to deal with these people. But for the most part, it is entertaining. I drive hundreds of miles every week. I haven't seen a billboard anywhere between. No, we won't see what I'm saying. They lie. I'm saying that. They're just appeasing you or what's up with that. They just lie a lot. That's all. Just trying to make it appear that they're doing something which they don't. Well, probably they're checked in theory. You know, for the billboards, the pay for it. So they put it aside. You're not going to have to. I'm serious. Everybody likes it. These people don't pay their bills. That's the problem. That's I've gathered that. I've learned some things about the radio industry. When you deal with a measly company, man, everybody wants cash upfront. Yeah. Well, listen. I just got, I have to thank you. You've opened my as many things. I don't agree with you on everything. But it's truthfully, I've learned one hell. I've learned more than eight years listening to you than I have listened to radio for, I'm 44 now. There you go. Go figure. Thanks, Lord. I'll do best. You know. And drive safe. Thank you, brother. See, there you go. He's one of those many. We got a lot of people. Drive truck drivers, traveling salespeople. Right. Taxi for years. Taxi people. There's a lady in Hollywood. Hello. I know. Yes, man. Some day one. Oh, I got it. I got it. Now, why are you growing? And you know that's got it. That's got to happen. What do you mean on your anniversary? Just to take you back. I want to hear from them. I don't want to hear from that crowd. Is the people with the yellow, the green teeth? The green tooth crowd, man. Ken Block and the, and whatever. And the beard, whatever. He's, I used to say the wife. Yeah. But believe me, what I tell you. That thing don't have a wife. We're sports video five season. You, a, M. Welcome Cancer. Wonderful. Follow you... Here we go! ["Wow of heart"] ["P meta cosplay!" ["P metaái!!"] [" spriguff late...ny chests!""] [" Kr ing great game multicultural한陑媛 volating ag unpackate"] ["P metaái!!"] [" White They're just bringing ["stern Now all the papers say Just this got a love child You put the baby in me Well the most papers will be fine Yeah And you play Like this by sea Not my child He's in trouble It would seem My own yeah What's up with that? Nothing part of existence Yeah My body and business This was not an al-Kistre Damn, I'm hungry Just a little bit The old block that swiddled his food she could I think it's the same Expensive soup and brand new cherry curse Maybe you'll be a little wiser In the memory gave her a word Can we touch her meat without being it? Make sure you want a hug Better get me something Just this got a love child Yeah Got to buy the makes you will do Who's living? Be the finder Yeah You're the rather wiser You're the life's despise Nothing mind Yeah You need some more money You need some more money You need some more money You need some more money Come on now Yeah Give me some of that red lipstick You're a big part of existence Yeah You're a good girl Give me a little something You're the way that is balanced for you Yeah I can do it This was not an al-Kistre You're a good girl You're a good woman I love it 1244-560q Am I just looked on our website? Yeah Now was that Eric Dunnaid with a balloon And happy 27th anniversary Neil It's said it went so on Yeah, that was me Oh, is that Carlos? No, he was there Eric did it Okay, I'll be starting up again now And I should mention that Carlos to keep my travel Especially since his dating His love life is so back to his lately Over the weekend Every weekend since we usually have the same boring Monotonous bedtime stories up there on the website Starting this weekend We're going to change him all the time Even on Saturday and Sunday Aren't we Carlos? Yes sir There you go I mean, you know, I mean, we have the same still stuff I know all the time So I would hardly recommend those people who give a crap What's going on in a world As opposed to the fun and gains and for volity that we do here on a show now Because this audience doesn't want bedtime stories If you do give a crap It's a lot easier reading like 50 different publications To go on here and find out what those go on Wouldn't you think? Good thing Here's a call from Miramar Hello Congratulations on 27th From the guy who turned out to music on WQAM Thank you so much And by the way It's an aside Monotonous bedtime Making some money in the business Where they ring you out like one of those old fashioned roller rangers on the wash For sure For sure And it's fine My Joseph's on this morning And he is a big fan We still talk about you frequently Really? He's going to sleep right now because he gets out of the six moron in the morning Yeah And that's it Okay I'm out of material Thanks Wow, what does that mean? I don't know Can you explain that to me? Well maybe that's the WDNA thing Is that station still on the year? I should have asked you Got me You know what else I should ask? That's time we're at the shop Which we don't want to make a habit of it Because he likes to keep his job But I need to ask him about the old days When he was on QAM back when the station was like a real station And that just radio-ish Right Back in those rock and roll days And where the station was And that kind of stuff, you know? Right We're going to go to the site But it's more fun Well he might, I mean you know he might remember getting pretty old he and I 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T line Here's homestead Hello Hello nail Yes sir Young dinner for you Alright Do you know some little Little beiner boy that we got to do No, I don't Good We're sorry about the way I got turned on to you Somehow I was listening to The radio and I knew that 560 was a sports station And I wanted to hear the I wanted to hear the scores on a certain game Or whatever but two years ago Right Because they don't promote you I'd never heard you didn't know anything And I got you on the radio And I'm saying what the hell is this Oh my god And well been turned out never since Alright So don't have the anniversary And sorry about your dog My little to wall That the other day Sorry Some young punk ran him over He shouldn't have been in the street anyways But you know things happen But that's what I got you Okay, me go thanks Thank you Okay 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line This has been very painless today We haven't solved as many of the problems The world as we usually do Don't we usually solve a lot of problems? All of them usually Like the thing about those billboards I'm serious I don't want to get like all of Set on my 27th anniversary over the weekend And I haven't under stroke I'm starting to really wonder about all of that You know I'm starting to become really suspicious Because Muff told me about the one on Before 41 North of Sheridan Street there Were Cunes for used to be Now with the vast audience that we used to have Or maybe still have part of You would think that we'd had at least one call by now At the very least Except somebody making up some story to get on the air Which I ran away so obviously was a crank But nobody Nobody And I realized the average age of the people who drive in that neck Of the wood since mommy was very close to there Is about 110 and they probably aren't listening to us Oh and guess what other station was on here 90 plus WKAT the classical music Oh yeah There are all the time by the way Okay and they got ads on TV. I've seen them all the time All the time Do we have ads on TV? No Do we have billboards? No We got promises at billboards What do we got? No, I tell you what we got. We got squashed Oh my God Oh my God This is push, where do you place it? You am Why do you best in? Eisner Mr. Mouse Wapah how are you doing to me? What do you mean sir? Why am I reading in the paper? You're going to put a Disney theme park in Brooklyn Well sir we're just scouting locations Jesus I'm scouting CEOs You are killing me But sir we've done with New York City Times Square Point out Second Street In on Reem it Reem it We're all the vacuum cleaner Reem it Get the blue bird on here Okay boss Eisner But sir look what we've done with Midtown Manhattan 42nd Street is incredible I don't want publicly I support it that But you took all the point away I'm going through Gaviscom like kids We're just scouting areas calm Dad I'm going to need but much Don't tell me to calm down We've got lucky with Lee Lowen Stitch 128 million dollars No you're trying to ruin the whole network We're kind of programming are you running I'm in my way Hang on a minute The big dude Reem it Yes You're a couple of barcraft all over your shoulder It's way in your cell Hope for heaven's sake And hand off the module cleaner Good Good God Sir the network is fine You're going to cut a new comapo to America Idol Good God you're still running James Bob movie There's 60 years old Why don't you just put steam book rolling on And be done with it Lee So it make a couple of damn dollars Well the movie division's fine You mentioned we will in fishing now We have the new M. Night Chumman movie coming Oh we have the same sign What the hell does that mean? Stop sign yield sign You're going to start swinging some of these part of past me Please Reem it Reem it Reem it It is I know you can't hear me Reem it You're still running the barcraft Yes I'm not going to run Get out of here Reem it Take that blue bear's picture All right I'm sorry Yes sir I'd be very careful Next time I started my car Why were you? What do you mean sir? I'm about done with him What? I'm not going to start I'm not going to start my job You're terrible I'm sorry They didn't upload remits in there I don't like to be prison in a busy remits Oh my What a wonderful day You don't want to hear you nothing 25560 WDQ When we get the mad dog coming up Now what does it mean? Maybe Maybe it doesn't mean Maybe it's a billboard report Here's plantation Hello Hello Yes Where can I get my money And I didn't know Nothing it's just crap Just crap What is wrong with Carlos? Is he that little beiner boy now? Or should we start Here's Beverly Hills Hello Hello Yes sir Thank you I have a spy report Larry King's spy report Seems he's in trouble with the law once again Huh I saw him yesterday get a Joe talking ticket Yeah And he is like a 105 pound No ass Skinny old man He's like a mass in suspenders He's a pretty strange looking character Yeah So busted once again I hate to say that I think Larry might be on a way out Well I think he heard already I think the softwater background he's a gun And nobody told him about it Okay Thanks for the good news pal Early And load us 50 million Okay so we get that out of here 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 On the AT&T in Verizon Wireless line Don't forget to check in on our website And check all the bedtime stories And also over the weekend Right Carlos Check back with us Yeah check back with us over the weekend Maybe you'll find something like that And it's not too bad Here's Davey Hello Hello Yes sir Yes I found the billboard Come on Yeah Did you really? Yeah it's north of Sheridan On 441 And it says we've got balls Right 5 60 WQAM But it's got all the teams on the top of it But no real Rogers No other than there That's the different one No I mean there's supposed to be that generic ones A couple of those and some real Rogers ones And I guess a mole one and a hank or whatever And whatever I don't want to have seen I drive all over the place Let's just start the forecast 4 hours But thank God we got to you Yes And happy anniversary Neil you're the greatest Thanks a lot Okay I like that I told you if we kept working on it And I told you to keep working on it Squared Squared till it bleeds man Something will happen Oh my god What's this facts now Congratulations and thanks for 15 enjoyable years We listen every day story about tiny We love you Ivy and Bob Thanks Ivy and Bob I like that Too many nice people Too many Not just right See one day of the year I mean Christmas day They can be nice On Chinooka they can be nice Poor him wouldn't be too bad If you're Sunday and not a good day to be cross Huh? But I mean also on Neil's anniversary Can be like the one day in South Florida Since it's a place where we got a lot of angry people I understand why you're angry I get it I believe me I know I've been in sign Florida let's see 30 years What's a kindergarten? Is that right? Yes 73 hour can Sarasota WSPB over on city island Those were the days man The average agent Sarasota So it makes South Florida look like a like a kindergarten Hmm average agent Sarasota is death plus 50 I mean it is unbelievable If you are if you're under the age of 100 over there you have to have a passport 73 so 30 years in Florida Wow No wonder my brains are fried huh No one ever sitting here wondering what hell side is up But life goes on like I said the text clear That's all accounts Greg Here's sunrise hello Yes sir Yes sir Yes Neil wanted to say Happy anniversary I was turned on to you by my cousin from Montreal Oh my god Is your cousin a fraud? Is your cousin a fraud? Oh I bet you he's looking for us right now on the internet Excellent You don't need any bill for it You're the greatest Okay thanks, paley Take care You said is a fraud and a Pepsi something like that Maybe he's part of the Pepsi generation like with Johnny Summers Let's play some of those old jingles Oh man You noticed some of the calls that see through all the radio groupies around here Rick Shaw had an excellent point Thank you Rick you made my day sweetheart I'm gonna go out and buy me a blue cap right now Now that the show is over Of course it'll have like a maple leaf on it too But that's okay It should buy a beret then in honor I'm gonna go out and buy me a blue beret then I have to shave my head Beret rhymes with I think one of these days seriously when I come back to town We got to get together and invite Rick Shaw to the studio and take a picture with him with his cap off Right and when I'm excited An aerial photograph And I guarantee a he'll look a lot better with his cap off No matter what's under that blue cap And some people we got I don't want to mention no names who got their keep on Or whatever they got on or dead musk right on When you think Well thanks Broly A nice strokes here today In fact I had with myself couple weeks ago I was like like this man I was just a little stroke And in my case why not just a little stroke That's all it takes Man dog is next To hover at three and then a bunch of stuff Have a great weekend and thanks to you Bye bye bye I've got a little tired of that crap I can tell you right now