Let's leave a picture, O appeared. on the bread is one there on the bread is one there on the bread is the only one so let me actually this question what was supposed to eat on the pace of it's the beginning of Passover happy Passover on you and you people out there all you people what we eat besides pace of the key candy which I can't eat I don't know how much of all soup would be good right? for a month to me some on keys lockies on that's a wrong holiday arpitate lockies on chinuka I didn't know I thought it was always a good time for a lot of key can ever be a bad time it's a good time for home and touch and two but that's also the wrong holiday I don't know what are we supposed to eat on Passover somebody better call it and inform this way we're Jew I don't know Christalty whatever it hell I want how is that pull from yesterday Neil I'm a little bit a little bit this oriented this morning of course George and Carlos in a while because I've been crawling around on a floor here try to put the radio station back together and of course the problem is usual it was it on this end that was uneven yeah I did have a lot of fun crawling around on a floor banging my head a couple of times on the counter here it was great not some sense in the use of the old couture I don't see any call calling here any that's because the robes he has lighten the candles but that's also the wrong holiday either I just can't get my Jew holiday straight now if you want to know for sure is poor him right I know that Passover has because we saw you know the ten commandments so you got to have the unloven bread in the bitter herbs I know that forget about the ten commandments we saw Jesus at the last supper here's our call on the Passover etiquette hello QAM what happened oh you know what I'm not how that happened you hung up on him somehow no no that was line five how was line five bringing my fact doesn't even work I saw line six bringing and you have gone that was great QAM hello lighten candle jack-am oh WQAM oh yes sir I have your pass over menu you're at it yeah I have a hello should the fish macabre oh macabre I'll pass on that that's soggy a little liver yeah um let's see hard day of eggs oh you're bitter herbs hey talking hey you're serious here oh I have one thing to say to all of that okay do you're menu yeah fair fair fair and bubble fair happy pays off wow how do you like that bitter herbs bitter herb oh you're a few of them for the bitterness of captivity anyway that's that's enough of that crap we got several other jude I mean people calling and I don't want to hear about it it's not the one he's silly holidays but it gets the kids off from school I mean I'm good Friday on this Friday even though Jesus is a little bit cross about the way some of you people are celebrating it now one is easier Sunday it's not this common Sunday is it yeah it is yeah good Friday is only the Friday before Easter Sunday even though it doesn't add up mathematically that was supposed to be the way that it happened is he died on Friday and rose again on Sunday are you starting with that religion talking yeah I would never because that's the one thing that they hated even worse than here in your voice in fact here in your voice discussing religion they send you back to case they're going to burn their radios that's what they said while you're on vacation on it toward discussing religion is verboten and the star-brotten who was the best all-time recording artist who was not a big star we asked yesterday I bet you we got over 900 votes by now I've been digging around here hoping we get it up to 900 what do we got what's your totaler 905 oh at any rate I appointed the seller was eight ninety five so excuse me if the total is not matched tough tough to me Frank Zappa 190 does nobody even close to Frank Zappa does that surprise us no no and why the hell should it hey there people are thank you this surprise me and it's very disturbing here he conducts you and your seventy eight what is the story with Harry conducts you and what is anybody like he's so boring he's got a great voice no I can't hear it's that old fashioned like a you know him and Glenn Miller should a low for something and I mean Glenn Miller was okay fifty seven fifty eight years ago you know in the mid forty's right right not to piss you off but a lounge act you don't piss me off I agree with that Harry conducts you and your lounge act you finally hit the jackpot you say it often enough and a finally comes true that's exactly right that's in a week lounge loungets under vertical under the whole of the very kind of junior with this crowd seventy eight was a very strong second simply read had fifty I mean the thought that Harry conduct beats out even simply read forget about all these other people is so embarrassing this crowd little feet forty nine that's a Carlos has little feet I bet you're even smarter than the big orange lupies got in his neck today Carlos has got a big tumor from smoking him faggot's time run for the six he saw the light when you've been a do it well I wish I had the you know I'm and take it back what year was that I had the forty five you remember the days when they had the promotional discs that were the forty five that were like covered right translucent that they were like red yeah I saw the light was a blue record wow that I had a copy of why wish I still hand on what I played on played on a needle I guess on a pin did they still have I guess somebody somewhere probably still has like the old record changes right they must that I had a lot of the time I'm not talking about one of those three speed jobs and I'm just a little forty five five five which is a my generation had with those little they were toys but they played the record you closed you closed the lid on it and it played the record and they played forty five and all kinds of the night track I had an a track baby needs to I had to play or this time we're in it for love I had to play or we have that in the room I could play no thanks he's still he's treated rigid on that awful show what is it the old and not so beautiful yes little feed forty nine's had run for sixty saw the light that's a great song I sure wish we had it I played over and over again Conway twenty thirty six T-Rex twenty six rocks he music twenty seven it's out of order but I need to franco twenty I still don't know who that is twenty six who is she she's European uh about guard I don't know if that's why I don't know how about Avrilapina's not her that's why she's a big star right Carl Perkins twenty four spirit twenty three spirit I got a line on you another one that I had like a green I had a green copy of that on a forty five those were great booker tnm g's and Kate bush each have twenty three kid push with George's boat he loves that but he Benima donas and craft work and Leon red bone each had twenty two of an L. 16 Nick low Ronnie specter 14 Ronnie specter of course played singer for the sharelle I mean the run as he is a little problem with that yesterday Roger Wittaker 13 boring he's even more boring the hericonic junior that old boring song from home what was the song about the ship that he did Roger Wittaker was nothing oh I don't know the one I mean ship I said hung a hung a few bars mmmm the Johnny Harrison little evaich had to a little eva died Friday by the way kiss you missed the show yesterday bad news for a little eva low commotion she's dead she died at the age of fifty nine and guess what she died from I don't know what was it cancer I just mentioned that for a being a boy there who still smoking in fact it's he's got a big lump in his side of his neck the size of a watermelon and he's still smoking you're going to be one of those people that they stick a tube in your throat so you can still inhale when you die and from infestema I wish I like Jack Clugman I wish I wouldn't smoke apolonia and not the hoopley ched ten box of frogs had nine I bet you're probably has one of them on passions have you seen a share share in yet no good episode on passions you'll see today by the way the clowns in Sheridan are freaking out and it's really good the cows the cow piles and JJ Kaley ched nine I like the cows those a lot he's a strange though I think they were from the same planet that the kid on smallville was from last night you're ain't a little bit off you know they all had that kind of like strange shaped face the cow pile will he dictionary eight Lloyd price of many rippard in each head so I love many rippard and he was he was she'd last too long a silver though solid and it's a beautiful day and darling love each head succeed to be the full day you were a pope on it man you said they're just a bunch of old couters uh John Miles and classics four each head five I like the classics four they were kind of spooky need no temple and a temple and April Stevens each head four and to me you're going to walker brothers said the each head four and four remember a deep purple no temple and people can you mention who can you tell me who sang the purple Billy Warden the dominoes need no temple April Stevens huh right going oh pull with the original deep purple the big hit come on donion Marie I know they did it on their show once I think was as he asked born and I think it's in the oh it's in the old computer that time I won't be in here because the purple goes back to the song though I do it's on sappy but Billy Warden the dominoes was great there version of it's your bokeh brim members that he's probably squeezing himself right now huh I'm just if he can find anything to squeeze oh that's where he's not around yeah yes he's back I thought he was in Georgia somewhere so he called he dried his ass back into town yesterday and you know he'll be coming in today by the way the audience if you wonder when I'm going to get the show start and I'll get around you know something you were making a joke but darling Marie 1976 donion Marie Osman you're a temple in April Stevens and Billy Warden the dominoes oh that was and now the whatever I know actually you know what I'll say hey they had started us that's what I was doing people and start us both written by now hogey Carmackle wrote one of right remember hogey Carmackle yeah I remember and but I didn't know what he wrote skinny wrinkle up face with a big deep voice but we're getting really old man we're getting all hogey or punks out there you missed a lot of stuff believe me didn't as much it was bad everything but we're not expecting so much better you know it's all of us all force for guilty of that it wasn't so good the only thing was really good with those chocolate moths that were always Jones and about the real mothards and you know the starlight diner has really good chocolate moths but they don't give you the young what's the thing that they actually mix it in you know the big tin that they make oh yeah oh they got to get they give you the glass was got half of the allowed in exactly and then they put the big tin thing down over the rest of what they just batched up for the big chunks of maltar and they don't give you that anymore I got that long spoon for that real real long tongue like some of the people of qa and that carless guy ill all right but as tongue is the same color as that big lump on his back by now that's what you get from smoking was got them camels those double nicotine jobs you smoke man well if you're going to do something yeah do it right he's going to make a joke cola to marches or it's got the double double jolt in it that's what he puts in his bond maybe because since he's there we're on a qa music at like a deathway 1913 a lot of people with a death word or work a qa and if you want to get out of a crappy job and start making some serious bucks by now you ought to know exactly what to do pick up that instrument and maybe the phone to and call our good friends at fans train get yourself on a road to a new high paying computer career that's just a crappy minuel job working for peanuts for some cuts but a real computer career where you start getting a big fat paycheck call eight six six fast train they've got convenient day evening weekend classes waiting on you check them on the web at fast train dot com and get yourself out of your dead and job into a real career not just a temporary job at a real career with a big fat useful paycheck be a mince call fast train today they got locations in Miami Kendall temper pines and for a lot of day also this body one convenient near by you and don't forget to register at fast train dot com to receive your presing in plan you got the president Stanley Mallick that you Far away one week for a budget match like budget Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, yes. But this was a good friend, so we said he's gonna go over his body and throw some of them in his hand, and Carlos is neck and the heel at the big toe hand again. He's gonna heel it like he did that horse last night, and also the other kid with a broken neck. That was pretty nice, since I could try to kill him with a pickup truck. That was pretty damn Christian of one, that mighty white. That really was. That wasn't, that was okay last night. That was alright. That wasn't great. I'm really quite a lexluther in that problem, and I'm really tired of his crap. He's just really old and stared, you know? Go see Chuck Alphay or he lexl, we're guy with all your money. Yesterday's pool, Lloyd Price was on there by the way, hit the brick the news to you. It says, from who's this from Rick? Rick, happy pace of past under he said. Happy underpass. That's where Carlos lives. Happy past under. Why do we call it past over and not past under? Because, well, the angel that passed over. Are you starting with ever, like, just crack it up and crap is the operative word. He says, Lloyd Price, he had seven votes. He was on air, but parents, frog man, Henry was not. And he mentioned him. Parents, frog man, Henry was pretty interesting. And got some of that stuff over there. I don't want you to find it though. I'd like to continue with that. We could take about a month and do that, you know? I'm really surprised we didn't have a lot more good choices, huh? It would they weren't expecting it. As a matter of fact, they also probably aren't expecting this. During the long pit, I just played there since it is a Jewa day. Friday will be a Catholic day, good Friday. The other Christians don't celebrate good Friday, right? Yeah, but it's not like a big to do. They do. They just observe it's not Friday was happening like that. It is. They just don't think of that. I sure wouldn't want to do this per priest victim to two dices. I better do it before Friday. So better do it now. Because we don't want to get Dennis all been on the shape. When he's eaten his wafer, so whatever he's going to be doing, and that tuna fish and macaroni casserole, I do like macaroni and cheese. You know, that sounds really good. Tuna and macaroni and cheese. You're does. Done it? Mm-hmm. I don't know why. I can't eat that. The macaroni and cheese, not on my weight loss program. Per priest victim to sue dices for a bit. 34 man sued Long Island Catholic dices from more than a billion dollars, saying church leaders did little or nothing to stop priest, who sexually abused them as children. I'll be damned. Our childhood was stolen, said Brian Dion, 51 of claims he was molested from 1959 to 1962, and King's Park Long Island. He and other plaintiffs say the dices of Rockville Center, not only failed to prevent the priest from attacking other kids after being warned about their behavior, called doubt, and had lawyer representing 23 men and one of two such suits filed yesterday, and I saw county Supreme Court. They sued the dices for a billion dollars. We're here because the church put the sexually predatory priest to have other children. Another plaintiff, John Salveson 47 said he wrote, then Bishop John McGan in 1980, to say that the Reverend Robert Hunaky had molested him as a boy, asking that Hunaky be removed from service in the priest's appears. Be told of his conduct. Instead of doing these things, Salveson told reporters as his daughter looked on. Bishop began in the dices, move father Hunaky from parish to parish from school to school for perid nine years. Doesn't it sound familiar? Yeah. Sounds just like all the other things that they did all of these things. WQA and Passover line, hello. Yes, good morning, Neil. Please start to you. And back to you. Did you see that little sick bit about Michael Morris, speaking at the University of Texas yesterday? No, I did not, but amazingly, your psychic powers guess what I have in my hand, stupid white man. I have the Michael Moore book in my hand. We have a graph of it and a graph of things too. But yes, real quick, he talked at the University of Texas yesterday. And he said, it's not about the weapons of mass destruction. It's about the weapons of mass destruction. I'm still a little bit correction. And to you, sir, how does Ethan say, when you forgot one good group yesterday? King Crimson was great. And the real mob hour. And the keep going. That's a good one, Neil. See, they're on a roll. It's mixing match, my eyeballs, Maria Moldar, and midnight at the oasis. Remember that? Yep. Well, I'm pretty sharp today. You know what I think is what I banked my head a couple of times out here. We had a little phone problem. We couldn't get the phone thing or working here this morning. Starting at about, how many minutes passed seven? About thirty minutes. And that went on for a lot more than that. Went on for over an hour. And you know, you guys, I'm not going to get sucked into that again. I'm never going to let you in the engineers. K, it must be on your end. You know, Carlos, isn't it must be Carlos is going to Great job on our website. Here we are. He really is. All right. It's in between your ears. That's where the lose court is. I defend him. But since he ripped me all last week. No, but it's true. I mean, I don't want to go into it. What's the point? Are we hashing the obvious? It's always on your end. I've been doing shows here. What is this now? Yeah. Are you an in-sum? Yeah. It was March last year. So it's like 13 months that I've been doing a shows here in Toronto on and off. And except for one time after it was a lightning strike here, that we set the thing and look, Christie sneaked into the place. And I had to reset the tell us other than that. And the problem is always on that end. Yep. It's not like magic. Like some kind of a creature is moving towards the right. Yeah. It's like magic. It's like, tap a thin care putting another spell on things. Oh, and how about that? Boots Charlie on passions. I've got to know get too much butcher nettike. I mean, you're missing out. You really are. Yeah. What are these days? I'll be the one. You're missing out if it's only Sheridan. Okay. I don't care what anybody says. She is one of the most gorgeous women on a face of the earth. She's got a great body and unbelievable face. Beautiful head of hair and great head. I mean, of hair. She's something. But you obviously don't care. So I think that what some of the people have said about you. Probably they got a poem starting to think. Anyway, there's a chapter in there, which I promised I would read to be fair, right? Right. Democrats, DOA. I'm not going to read the whole chapter. I'm not going to do it right this second amendment. I will in the Michael Moore book. Stupid white man. Remember when I read all the stuff about the ripped off election and about all of the George W. Yeah. Well, I'm going to do this also because he's right. And that's the reason we're in a pickle at Wren is because then a credit party is DOA. They're absent. They're a wall. They're useless. They're important men. Very sad. One party country. And speaking of weapons advanced destruction. One of the bedtime stories today talks about so many of our friends. So many countries we call our friends have advanced destruction. US allies also have weapons advanced destruction. For example, it goes on about Israel and Egypt, Pakistan, India, Taiwan, on and on. It goes this is from Ananova, North Indian publication. Maybe we'll get to it. Maybe won't. You might want to prove it on our website along with other great bedtime stories. Since Carlos is doing a fabulous job on our website. And then of course there's always Eric. Oh, we can put the pull up that Eric. And he already did. Look at that. Great minds work alike. We've done this before, but of course it keeps changing. We want to keep our thumb on a pulse of the nation like the polls they keep taking. The most dangerous person in the world today is George W. Bush, Ariel Sharon, Sodom, if alive Hussein, Osama, if alive bin Laden, Paul Wolfowitz, Dick Cheney, if alive, Richard Pearl, Donald Rumsfeld, Mohour David or Kim Jong-Eel. I think that's a pretty good list. Damn good. $927.560 WQMD have $2,000 a moron credit card. If so, please listen. Put your rear right on the edge of the radio. Dedicated consumer counseling can help you. It'll cost you nothing. Dedicated is a nonprofit company. It'll contact the company's UL-Money 2 and it can cut your payments in half. Call 1-800-4-0-Deth. That's 1-800-4 and the letters NO-D-E-B-T. Dedicated will help you interest rate, eliminate late fees and save your credit and it costs you Zipo, Zippity-Duda, Nada. The bank pays that accated you pay nothing. So if you're trying to bet on credit card debt, call Dedicated at 1-800-4 and no-Deth. Call and find out how dedicated can help you. You've got nothing to lose. If you've just had it with credit card debt, high interest rates and late fees, give Dedicated consumer counseling a try and let them handle it from there. Call them right now 1-800-4-0-Deth and don't forget to cost you Zipo. What do you got to lose? Call 1-800-4-0-Deth for Dedicated Consumer Counselor. Why in local? We're sports radio 5-60s, UAAM. So this is Randy West. If you can't tell the difference between me and Ron Jeremy, you should try girls. You know him as the staple of MSMBC News. And now the long-awaited CD is here. The Ramsay sings their favorite beach boy hits. Well we are not ragging, but we killed our daughter and had enough money to write the authorities with plenty left over it. We should decide to keep here again. No, no, to show we don't know who cracked us going in. And our rule. I shall go back. You know friends, won't expedite. You wish faster? My be choice. Yes, it's the Ramsay's singing their favorite beach boy hits. Now available from filthy pleasure records. And I should like to point out that George Osteys people in apology because the globe this week the tabloid de Globes says innocent, Judge Clares John and Pansy Ramsey and the death of John the day. Oh right. You all in apology. No. Here's a passage to remember Poko and Elton Bishop. Yes, we do. Go back to yesterday's poll. We'll continue taking suggestions on that for next four or five months. Innocent is what the big headline says here. Pansy Ramsay sobbed with relief after federal judge Julie Carns. Clear to her of any involved by the way. He still can't tell if the body was a butcher name. Lacy and the fetus. What's her name? Piers and I know what her name is. I'm just the check and see her paying attention. Okay. They don't know what it is. Pansy Ramsay sobbed at a clear of any involvement in the murder of her daughter John Bene. I'm innocent and finally everybody knows that she guessed. We still all believe it by the way, Pansy. No. In a momentous decision for the Ramsay's and millions of people worldwide who were gripped by the case. Judge Carns reported the weight of the evidence is more consistent with the theory that an intruder murdered John Bene that is with a theory that Mrs. Ramsay did so. If social eyepatchy whispered, dear God, I never doubted you when she was told with a decision it's victory last she said. Oh God. But it's been a long hard road and when I see John Bene I'll tell her all about this day when she sees John Bene in that wonderful place up above. Or down below. As Globes exclusive photo showed the joint really well. Let's hear the crux of it. Okay. In a devastating blow to the case that police built against the man's judge Carns ruled and land as U.S. has to record that the evidence some of it never made public before. Crite out intruder. They've never, never, never, never, never, never in the second floor guest bedroom. Close by John Bene's own room. A rope was discovered in a brown paper sack that needed along to the ranzies. Got it? Got it. How do they know if the rope or the brown paper sack belong to the ranzies? Right. When Cranstein investigators vacuumed John Bene's bed they found small pieces of brown sack material. Other pieces were later found. In the body bag used to take care of the morgue the judge clearly believes that an intruder came in a equipped with sack and rope. It indicates that there was a plan to abduct a little girl. Fires consistent with the court and the Garrett used to strongly were found in John Bene's bed. The judge thought this was important because defining the fibers the beds of just the Cran began there, which tends to damage a long standing belief that Patsy hit John Bene in a rage in the bathroom and then stayed there. Everything the cover up was an accident. At least seven windows and one door in the ranzies home were found open in the morning jamberies body was discovered. Police test showed an intruder could end the basement through one of the windows. Leaves and white starry foam debris pulled in the window. Window whale were scattered on the floor below suggesting somebody actually got an in through there. How is it that all these years later? There's suddenly finding these things. I don't know. The basement lights were found out when the house was for a search for a missing jamberies at 615 in the morning. The butters door between the basement and the kitchen was found a jar. And that door was just yards away from the spiral staircase where the ranzies were not just a door. And it goes on and on so they didn't do it. You own an apology. I'm going to call him if you don't give it to him. And don't go around here. It's anymore. Huh? Nope. Why not? Because I'm a bastard. I like to. I like to. Huh? I'm a hard bit. And I think they did it. So do I. What is this? Syria facts weapon. Oh yeah. It's right. Syria says they want to complete the weapons of master's destruction free middleies zone. What is that? No. We're going to see. Well, no, Israel's going to have all those nuclear weapons don't they? Right. Because they're the good guys. Especially on pace off. You don't want to call up aerial hero on a first day of Passover and say, hey, by the way, all them noops, Schmidt can't a man. No way. No way, Jose. Plus we got to get ready for that Syria pipeline. So Michael Moore and his book stupid white man in addition to telling us all the truth about the stolen 2000 election and all the other stuff that I read before. Just to show that he's fair in chapter 10 he says Democrats, DOA. And boys, he ever write. He assigned a bill providing for federal funds to be distributed to faith-based charitable organizations. He's expanded the number of federal crimes for which the death penalty can be given to a total of 60. He assigned to bill outlawing game marriages and is taking out ads on Christian radio stations, touting his opposition to any form of legal same-sex couplings. And a short span of time he's been able to kick 10 million people off welfare. That's 10 million out of 14 million total recipients. He has promised states bonus funds that they can reduce their welfare numbers further and made it easy to get these funds but not requiring the states to help the ex welfare recipients find jobs. He's introduced a plan that would bar any assistance to teenage parents that they drop out of school leave their parents home. Though he is careful not to draw attention to what he supports many of the old provisions of Newt King which is contract with America, including lowering the capital gain stacks. In spite of calls from Republican governors like George Ryan of Illinois to support a more term on capital punishment, he rejected all efforts to slow down the number of executions even effort was revealed that there are dozens of people on death through who are innocent. He has released funds for local communities to hire over 100,000 new police officers and supports laws that put people behind bars for life after committing three crimes even if those crimes were shopflot shoplifting were not paying for a pizza. There are now more people in America without health insurance than money took office. He has signed orders prohibiting any form of health care to poor people around the US illegally. He supports ban on late term abortions and promised to sign the first bill across his desk that includes an exemption only if the life of the mothers in jeopardy. He signed an order prohibiting any US funds going to any country to be used in helping women abortion. He signed a one year gag order that prohibits using any federal funds and foreign countries where birth control agencies mentioned abortion is an option to pregnant women. He has refused to sign the international land, buying ban treaty, already signed by 137 nations but not by Iraq, Libyan, or the US. He has scuttled a Kyoto protocol by insisting that sinks. In other words farmlands and forests, they countered toward the US percentage of emission reductions thus making a mockery of the whole treaty which was written primarily to reduce the carbon dioxide pollution from cars and factories. He has accelerated drilling for gas and oil on federal lands that have placed at matches and in some cases exceeds the production level during the Reagan administration. He has approved the sale of one California oil field in the largest privatization deal in American history and he opened the National Patrol in Reserve in Alaska something even Reagan was able to do. And he became the first president since Richardson, not to force the auto manufacturers to improve their mileage per gallon which would have saved millions of barrels of oil each day. Yes, you'd have to agree considering all of his above accomplishments that Bill Clinton was one of the best Republican presence we ever had. Excellent. And I'll just read two more sure paragraphs. He says, there's been much hand-winging since George W. Bush was given the office with good people and liberals everywhere freaked out that the son of a Bush would wreak havoc with the environment. Turn back the clock at women's rights and have us all be setting prayers and schools in a traffic light. They're right to be concerned. But Bush is only the ugly and somewhat meaner version of what we already had throughout the 90s, except that back then it came dressed in a charming smile from a guy who played soul tunes on a sex and told us what kind of underwear he and his interns were. We'd like that. It felt good and normal. He could sing the black national anthem. He parted with Gloria Steinem. He watched my show I like the guy's is Michael Moore. How do you like that? And he goes on a great life. To document so many of these things that he did. We're lost man. We got real tourists. I say Michael Moore for president. Because he gave too. Yeah, thank you, Lucky. Yeah. Now you might be surprised that my vote on a poll. I see already the results are pouring in. Now that he's pulled on your rages.com. 52 votes. In just a matter of moments, the most dangerous person in the world that they George Doubty is leading with 28. I didn't vote for W. That's why I voted for. I didn't. I'll tell you one second. Oh, son, if alive and ladden five. Dick Cheney if alive five and King Jung you'll have five. I voted for Dick Cheney. You wanted to win? I got an idea about George W. He's like to tag you. He's he should have known it was by seeing you all along. Yeah. I think he's running the country. That's why we've really seen because he's behind the scenes. Pulling all the strings and making sure the Hall of Britain gets those big conference to clean up the mess we've made. By the way, they'd like to add the lights back on and bag that sometimes this year before next to the circus. I will. I give it to you. That's what they want. They want some electricity back. Oh, guess what's on right now. Now you give up. Carry. One moment, please. I wrote it down here. It's beyond the seventh door. I think it's. I actually. Everyone. I think it's. I think it's. I have you see it. No. Don't drive and move each hour. I was thinking we just played the audio from that all day. It'd be very entertaining. After all of that tremendous energy, I had to reserve this morning. Anyway, let's see who else is getting some votes. Every else you're on's got four on Passover, no less. Oh, boy. He makes my skin call that fat turd militant. Turn burger. Side of me for life. Who's saying is only got one. I guess we figure he's day. That we already took care of him. Although we want to make sure his buddies don't go in the serial. We'll have to attack them and then Argentina. In fact, we're going to go in Argentina. Get some of those leftover Nazis to see what cabinet posts we can give him. Don't. The ramen spell's got one. And look at this wolf. What's in Richard Pearl have none. That bothers me a lot because it indicates to me that a lot of you people out there aren't reading our bedtime. They aren't keeping up with what's really going on in the world. What a shock that is. They don't know who they are. Huh? No, they don't know who they are. That's disturbing. Speaking of bubble though, and I got to do the break. See, so much material and so little time only till noon today. Because it's Wednesday. We got the noon to one comedy. But it's our, which we will continue by the way with the elected or not. Because more people like it than not, although it's close. We like it more than a point as we like it. And it gives us a nice break. Well, deserved. Especially if they have to bang my head all about a problem around on the floor here because the engineers never like that. Go out there where it says connection and reboot this and you know, stand on your head and stick 14 microphones in your ass and all the other. And nothing to do with it. As always, it's always the same thing. Why can't they just say our stuff down here sucks. We got a real mess down here, you know, and just admitted they can't do that because it's a reflection under great engineering work at Q a m. 942 at 562 a m. He just I'm telling. I've got a, I'm errosious about him now that Michael, what's his name? Michael Moore. I mean, what is his name? Michael Orlando. Mike Mark, Mark Morgan. I'm Mark Morgan. I'm Q a n. Oh, I'm, I'm, I'm listening to him. Oh, now, now. Well, I'll tell you if your carpet's are supposed to be enough to give you the shivers. Do something about it. Don't just sit there, look at him and be mown in your fate. Call my good friends at dry concepts. Like I always told you, and every business every industry there's one company. One person wants outfit, who's the best. And when it comes to cleaning your carpets and making them look just like brand new dry concepts beyond the shadow of a doubt, are the best. No axiom orders working for them. By the way, all their technicians are schooled and certified by the Institute of Inspection Painting and Restoration, they know their crap to make alongsteree short. And no matter how hopeless your carpets look, they'll come in your dry cleanem, which makes them look just like brand new smell remedy fresh. They're drying a couple of hours and you'll be amazed as you look around and say, holy crap, what happened here? And they give you written guaranteed price before they start to job. Soon, I have to worry about rip-offs about tack on's at the end. You'll have a real big smile like I said on your post. They also do us to punish job cleaning your poultry and drapery leather furniture. You're expensive area, you're a rugs and a renal carpet. You're flying carpets. If you have problems with pet orders and milled orders, caused by water damage, they'll work their magic. Or is that magic sound? That little thing. We're on a... That's right. Just like that, dot concepts will do it for you. Calm, toll-free. What is that, under is that in my thing? No. I just put it on my bank because a magic one sound effect. I want it. Okay. And if I've told you once, you'll have many times I've told you. But third of me. Right now, I want that to 1-800-248-5071. 1-800-248-5071. Or long under their website and find out all about the fantastic work they do. Dragconcepts.com. When you call these folks, drag concepts, you really can clean today and entertain tonight. My life and local. This is for Shredial-Fight City. Way to way. Yeah. You got six feet. Oh, don't you feel a year? This is my head. Yeah. Did you see that? The whole of it. Did you want to play Soldier just like the real guys? Now you can have tons of fun playing war with the new Nerf Smart Bomb. Just program the terrorists you want to kill. I'll play General Tommy Franks and you're a sedan who's saying. But I don't want to be sedan-off. And the Nerf Smart Bomb will follow that dirty terrorist until he's all blown up. Here it comes. I don't have a! Isn't that fun? You can get rid of all the kids that don't agree with your views. Once you get the Nerf Smart Bomb, it's smart and it's a bomb. I think the technical person of pace-off is falling on my finger to there. Punch the button and just kind of like sat there. Look at me. Like you can't me. 9.48.12.10. It's 5.60. QM got the mad dog at one. We got the homperate 3 in the studio. And I heard he was on yesterday. He said it okay to me. He had a young thing. I don't know if I am. I'll back to you. Here's a thing. He had a thing. I don't know if he wants to discuss on the air. He didn't sound like he wanted to discuss on the air. So, uh... Was he a ham-words? No. Was it... Here we'll do charades. Look what I'm doing. Well, no, I don't know. You shouldn't have said that. He had a thing because it makes me nervous. Was it a serious thing? No, no. Little Lain's had myotics take care of it. Oh, no. Nothing like that. Come on, you're just making an uphill. I have like a... Crouch crickets. Anyway, Hank, I'll be on a three-hilted all about it. I'd like some kind of an STD. Uh, I thought you put that in the crankcase. Six-dirty-athmarlins on direct-several five-marlins of the police, any can, to the baseball from G.A. and Joe Markov and I. And then, of course, in a morning, it's a small and gullier-grink-closed personal buddies. Not. John and Portsein Lucy, you're right on target as usual. Man, he says, Shouldn't John Ashcroft be handed to the pole and you are... Absolutely correct. The police is dangerous to Americans as rums colours to the middle of easterners, everybody else. John Ashcroft, get him on their right away, Eric. Call up, Eric, and make sure he gets him on their Carlos. So, what kind of a... a video-real-de-sease was? I mean... Then, here's the facts about the mo talking about how he and Gully had a pretty good compared to you and Manduk, regard to the idiot callers. See, it's not a question. They don't rate us on a Carlos' reggae, well, I know that comes as a bad, the piece of news to you. And in addition, which we don't do that heavy screening, in fact, we're doing screenlessly on this show. We still don't give a crap, you know? Right. We don't care because we're not uptight and super sensitive, like some other people out there, like we got a call from about the bullfighting everybody. It's all indignant and bent out of shape. Oh, yeah, there you go. Huffin' and puffin'. Huh? It says for George Wallace talking religion today, W.W.W.J.D. who wouldn't George do? Probably a short list. So, I'm going back to Baba. Clinton blast US approach to international affairs. And if anybody knows about them affairs, it's Baba. And I don't care, you know, the stuff I just read from Michael Moore's book, and it's all true, but nevertheless, I don't care what anybody says, including Michael Moore. If I have to choose, if I have my brothers, or Sally Corrothers would say, if I had my brothers, I'd like to have Baba in there right now. In fact, I'd like to turn a clock back many, many months, and have had him in there. Former US president Bill Clinton blasted US foreign policy adopted the wake of 9, 11 attacks arguing. The US cannot kill jail or occupy all of its adversaries. Our paradigm now seems to be something terrible happened to us on 9, 11, and that gives us the right to interpret all future events in a way that everyone else in the world must agree with us at Clinton, who spoke at a seminar of governance organized by conference board. Why? Why? By some kind of, I don't know what that is. Is there a word left off in there? Whatever. And if they don't think, go straight to Halley said, they don't agree with us. That, I guess, is the opinion, Washington, right? They can go straight to Hall. Right. The Democratic former president who preceded George W.W.J.D. the White House said that sooner or later the US had to find a way to cooperate with the world at large. We cannot run Clinton pointed out if you've gotten independent world and you cannot, what? If you've got an independent world, you cannot kill jail or occupy all of your adversaries. Soon or later, you have to make a deal. You said he believed Washington overreacted a German in French opposition, US finds remote interaction against Iraq, and suggested that the court administration had trouble juggling foreign and domestic issues. Since 9, 11, it looks like we can't hold two guns at the same time. He said, if you fight terrorism, you can make America better place to be. Clinton said that if he were at the White House right now, he would scrap a $726 billion tax cut proposal made by the president in January to stimulate the flagging economy, yada yada yada. Today's our heads to the public say. That's going to do any good, but that's what he's saying. He's open enough a big push. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. Most dangerous person in the world that age George W.W.F.57 votes. Dick Cheney, if a lie of 18, we'll check. Kim Jong-il 16, Osama, if a lie been lied in 16, more Howard David if a lie of 10, are yals your own and down the rum spell, he'd have 7 pull off of its three-retured proletu, Sodom if a lie of who's saying won, I guess he's small potatoes now, and John Ashcroft just went on 137 votes. WQAM. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon, Marlos line. Pat Scott their tons this morning, George. I guess it's all bedtime stories till noon today. We're just right at it, I forgot it's past so we're not going to get no calls today. But how like him? WQAM? John Bob? WQAM? Yes, I thought I'd have Rupert Murdoch who was a deal's list. That's a good choice. Since he's manipulating most of the news, okay, thank you. Rupert Murdoch, get him on Eric. He's probably busy with the breakfast burritos right now. Probably got one on each hand and a burrito too. Rupert Murdoch, man who dares to feed you a pile of crap and smiles about it and runs all the way to the bank. WQAM? Maybe we can get most of the misfits to call in daylight. So we got the lady. We got chronic aloe. We got Steve, a stuttering Steve. You got, uh, what's a one? You got one? Man. What a stupid, but the boot is flaking. Too bad we can't have the best time. I feel I'm going to fill up to talk about the bullfighting, right? Too bad we can't get your, our crawly callers on here. As I started to say, only moments ago we've been for interrupted myself. Nobody cares about that. Mo, they care about those numbers and a week from Friday. We'll see since you're comparing yourself to me in a mad dog. Which is kind of laughable to begin with. We'll see. Who's got a number or not? And of course we have the added liability already. We've been getting the money already of pissing off all the, the bushletters and the, the warmongers, but that's okay. We'll take the chance. And in spite of that, we'll still see who's got the bigger one. A week from Friday. Can you imagine the, a reputation that old man's bag that's going on right now? He won't admit it. You're in the, yeah. WQIM. Hey, New High is doing that. Okay, sir. Good morning. You listen, a real quick before I go on my little tent from the Philadelphia, I'll be for a couple of minutes. Uh, who's that? Oh, turn it man. Who's that? Oh, turn it man. Who's that? Who's that? That's old dirty vaster. 30. We call it. Okay. Anyway, we are quick. We'll be for our after going to work. Uh, I turn on the news. I don't know if you guys have talked about it. I mean, it's been able to listen much. I already worried if you've been, damn actors. So that's the last week's news. We talked about that last week. I've got the latent Grammys. They're starting up the same old, Turned, Turned, like I said, neurotic repetition. Nothing ever changes there. The more things change the more they stay the same. The same old, Bonanipot mentality, The same threats and the same turning off the rest of the world. You know, that's that's our burden. You own a county in the world. That's got it. I'm a human and I'm a Democrat. And you just say, I have many people that don't stick to me in my family. You know, because I'm a fat and I'm a communist. I'll wrap them with a warning. Of course. You know what? Through them. I'll keep going. I'm wound up to grow. I've been here opening here to grow. Hey, Holly, what's coming along real nice, actually. You're too young to live in Hollywood, man. Now we're pushing the old farts out. Yeah. I got a lot of stuff. I got a lot of stuff. I got a lot of stuff. I got a lot of stuff. Worked up and worked up and. Yeah, that's old nose, the Latin Grammys. They're start up the same old tire crab. I don't know about anybody else. But I know I mentioned it. But as far as I'm concerned, it's just they just won me out. They nothing shocks us anymore. Nothing surprises or whatever. We never say, oh, gee, they're doing this again. Because we know they're going to do it again. As soon as I heard the Latin Grammys work. I thought to myself, why? Because they're going to encounter the same crab. They always do in Dave County. You got a little bit of a public there in At Tomas Regalato, a professional spent this stirber, starting the same crab. Let me say this, okay, it wasn't the Cuban singers. It wasn't the performers from Cuba who executed those three dissidents. Those, well, actually, they were the hijackers. And who was punishing all the dissidents down there. Right now, they didn't do it. I know that comes as a great surprise to you. They're not the ones responsible. But they're singing commisons. Yeah, but, you know, it's the usual brilliant mentality. Lump them all in together, right? Except when the Pope went there, he was still a good guy. When he was on the stage with the del comparing war drops. And head gear. 9.56 and 5.60. WQM. You don't have to put on a fancy dress to go to Pompano Park all you guys. The Panthers had done for the season. The heat might as well be and Colis Basca, Volphanito. Marlon's off to another very rocky start. And then Alphan's don't get started for another three months. But the good news is, there's still some live action going on where you could be a big winner. Pompano Park up and for live harness racing Wednesday, Friday and Saturday like tonight. First post time, 715, 3 general parking free admission as well. In fact, maybe they got some pacific he can't do it in for your Pompano Park tonight. Come out to Pompano and drive the thrill of nighttime horse racing action. And drive the sounds of thundering hooves coming down the stretch. And cheer on the winner from the rail unless Wally Hennessy's driving it. Pompano's got the live horse racing action you want plus through a bread. Highlight and harness racing, Sommel casting from across North America, starting at noon every day, 7 days a week. We got your live Sommel casting. And don't forget every Wednesday like tonight at Pompano Park, it's dollar night dollar draft beers, hot dog sodas and lots more. This Saturday April 19, bring the kids up for a special family fun night. Feature of an Easter Egg hunt for kids 12 under with a 1000 hidden Easter eggs. It all gets started at 7 o'clock. Up PM plus the Easter money will be track side. There will be free mini horse rides and magician and live music and dancing as well. This Saturday April 19. All of these things and lots more waiting for it. Pompano Park, a blast-out-of-the-line and bullet-of-art on powerline roads. Nine, and low, six is four trillion, five sixty. What do you mean, Adam? Don't have a penis. Look at congratulations, get a life. I'm a form and on a construction crew. So one of my guys comes to me with a problem. It's my job to help. That's why I always recommend pojak green. Projak is a strong anti-yage anti-rash cream that works hard. All made protecting your delicates. And applying projak is easy. Simply unzip and remove your goods. Librally apply the cool soothing pat and projak oil and along the entire outside, like so. And I always like to take an extra dab and add it to my middle finger. It's slipping in here like this. Ah. That gives me extra protection to my sensitive teeth. The crotch area between my bag and tailpipe. There. All done. So I thank you from an open structured worker. Why fun? Projak green today. Hey. What do you need some gold? Projak anti-yage cream. Tough enough for him. Tough enough for you. 10, 100, 100, 50, 60. Now why would the hump or not want us to talk about what he had? I don't know. Huh? What's the sensitive about the sensitive area? Area? Yeah. Are you in a retract infection? Is the sensitive area? Yeah. What's infected? Yeah. But I don't get that. That's not a sexually transmitted disease, which is what you were saying before. Okay. Is it Carl? Is that what he said? He said, hey, can't this the clap or something? Yeah, crabs. I think is what he said. He said, yeah, he was crabby in the hand of the clap. He was working on the clapper to try to get the full working. That's what our engineers do. They stand in the corner and go like that. Just try to get the equipment working. That's what we're working on. And you're in a retract infection. What happened? What happened? Is that it? Like my mother and Hank and me and I've had your most had a whole bunch of those. Oh, you can make? He's a pusher. Here's a fact that says clear channel stations are running spots from Calvary Chapel about how we're living in such troubled times. Of course, I wonder what they hooked those up to, you know? Probably the donkey's. Black dome, I don't know. Times says in a country where the mentally ill can't own a gun, we allow a moron to control our war machine. Good point, Tom. Very well said. The unfifactor by Lloyd Grove on the Associated Press. It says maybe Bill Oralea should declare a no quips on. Emceeing Saturday night's best friends Rock and Roll Gaila at the Murriad Wardman Park, which raised 800 grand for the 15-year-old charity benefiting inner city school children, the Fox News Channel Star Oralea was trying to fill dead air during a low on the entertainment. Members of the best man is the 6th of 8th grade boys in the program are called, where late getting on stage and perform a lip sync rendition of the four top-stated reach out and I'll be there. Oralea had lived. Does anyone know where the best man are? I hope they're not in the parking lot stealing our hubcaps. Oh, good one. Many in the audience, which included the Cabinet Secretary Tommy Thompson, the cheesehead, Gail Norton and Mel Martinez, Mayor Tony Williams and business type strike Malach and Jim Kimsey, apparently didn't hear about the hubcapsum into Hubbub. A witness spotted a tindi boat jurid, there is jaw drop in yesterdays she confirmed she did hear it, but to climb to comment further, Channel 9 anchor that's WR anchor and we are wrong with overhead murmuring. Unbelievable. To say that, this conservative audience dominated undoubtedly by many of Mr. Oralea's biggest fans was aghast, is an understatement one attend the email that's asking for anonymity, the one on Republican politicians and their spouses seated at on your my table were a Paul. Yesterday Oralea told us this is ridiculous and foolish. No good deed goes unpunished. If you guys want to snipe it me then snipe it me this thing raised a lot of money for a good charity, everybody was happy. I don't want to come on anything else. Shari doesn't. Wow. There you go, Bill Oralea. At least he didn't sing. Hmm. He didn't sing that. That probably wasn't really bad. Made a really punished him then. Probably taking his show off the year. 560560, palm 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. The real fact of the matter I think Alison is North Korea desperately needs money. Their economy is in chatters. They're looking for long-term aid from the United States and the international community. They're not prepared to give up their nuclear program, which the CIA says has the North Koreans with at least two nuclear weapons. And of course they started that reactor which is providing a weapons grade plutonium. We got to do his bribe of that sounds good. A few billion here, a few billionaires small potatoes. We had lots of money to throw around evidently. WQAM. Good morning. Yes, I am. I like to talk to Neil, please. Speaking. You Neil? Yes, I am. Oh. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I've had something in the news yesterday that is very depressing. I don't know if you talked about it. Rick Sanchez is coming back to Miami in July. Why? To do why? Oh, they said he might be working on Channel 6. Oh, so in other words, he's getting dumped back down just like, what's your name? Like Michel Gillen. Yeah, and another one they used to offer. They're ready. Yeah, they're the clown from Channel 4. And they said they don't think about three months ago, but then they go back as you know, during the war. But they didn't put him under in order to put a shuttle them over to CNBC to do like little update on. Yeah, but they might be back. Well, you heard about his squatting over the map as Capade's during the first before he said no, don't put that check, I saw him. So Rick Sanchez is coming back to South Florida. What did I tell you? The more it's changes, the more it's there. No, I know that's why I have to call you when you say that. I have to call you. Thanks for the bad news. Okay, how's the good day? In YouTube. I already have a homosexual relationship with Neil. So I might as well have one with you too. Oh, he has really hit the big time. Yeah. All that hyperventilating hysteria that the phony that fake. Yeah. Now, I guess what he thought about that phone call. He made two on when he ran a causeway. The entourage going over to sister jeans house. Oh, yeah. When he threatened, I remember that. We breathlessly tried to interrupt. See, here's a guy doesn't want to report the news. He wants to make the news. Kind of like Elliot Rodriguez over there in Channel 4 news, which I don't watch any more by the way, under penalty of death, even with Angela Rae there, especially with Angela Rae there. She's the one who done it. She's the one who put me over the edge. Oh, you as president George Bush calls him proof that Iraq was harboring terrorists in the same. Oh, well, well, well, well, it's right. There you go. Have we found any weapons of mass destruction yet? No. I just ask him passing. Somebody made a point yesterday that if they don't find not only weapon to mass destruction, but a very sizable amount, they're going to have one hell of a hard time justifying all of this carnage and this invasion, all these things is what they said. Is this meant to that in passing as well for your perusal? WQAM? Yes, sir. Yes, sir. What was that website yesterday you had with the, with the article about what happened from 1990s that all concorced? What happened to your one? You had this, you reading from a website you said from like from in the early 90s, all these warm-ongers had this whole big plan. Oh, he's talking about that story. You're talking about the story about Pinex. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Would you get me with a winner? I want to forward that to a couple of people that use this. One moment please. Don't tell me I don't still have that George. One moment please. One moment please. One moment please. You have to sit here. And at the hour WQAM. Okay. I'll be glad you guys in 27 degrees in the rock. Here it is. Village voices that was from the Chapel Hill News. Now, what website did I find that on Carlos? What's on our website? What am I talking about? It was on our website. Right. From yesterday's bedtime story. So you can go to our, you got to computer obviously. Obviously. Go to our website and then click on the features page, which has the stories, the bedtime stories from past days. The headline on it is village voices by Mark Mark Coppolis. Thank you sir. And thank you because I'm going to read it again today. We did again. And which fanches is that guy still bed to see it? Yes. And why is he still called pro player stadium? Yes, anybody anybody? Go to your while, internet. Seems to me that the audience is just catching up on a lot of old news. You know what? Well, whatever. To respond it with tear gas. Protesters are upset with you countries that supported the war in Iraq. Village voices by Mark Mark Coppolis. I'm ready, mention it because I showed it over into my way off the side. I got a bunch of stuff that I saved and I would not have thought of reading it. I'm sure you wouldn't have reminded me to read it again today. No, we did it again today. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. They're in a column aboard. I'm doing a little screenless here today. We got that big noon to one hour come up and there's the call because it's even the going. I guess it's celebrating pizza. You glad you did this. But all that time making sure the phones work. I spent an hour down here. I was flooring around and banging my head. We were banging our heads all over the wall trying to figure out what was wrong here. And just so you people have been having your say. Calling and having your say. Things are really often vague. I mean, what's going on here? Yeah. There he goes again. You're that Carlos? He said something about his gay. WDQAM? Yeah, guys. Speaking. How are you doing now? I'm doing okay. How are you doing? Pretty good. Good. What's up? He said the United States is going to veto the Syrian proposal for weapons The fire suppression for you. When you say veto the proposal, I mean they're just talking. There isn't going to be any such proposal. You think that we're going to take away all the nuclear weapons from Israel? Do you really believe in Egypt? We're going to take away all their stuff? No. I mean, we did shut down the pipeline yesterday. I think that's like almost like an act of war. Yeah. The pipeline leading from Iraq to Syria. They use for their own consumption. We're concerned about the pipeline that goes to a high-fifths. That's what we're worried about. Yeah. I mean, I'm not a Republican, but I don't support Bush. God bless you, man. Right, right in Michael Moore's name on a ballot next year. You know, there's a really good article. Kind of like an afterthought. Where does it come from? Tom Payne. Yeah, ballots can keep bullets from flying. That's on our website. I'm sure that B.N.R.B.N. boys got all of those stories up there already. He's not. He does? No. I don't think so. He's nodding my ass. That was up there though. Ballets can keep bullets from flying or called a register for peace. Elizabeth ready, who's your 12 years in a Vermont Senate. And his now in a second term is Vermont's auditor of accounts. She writes a circle on TomPain.com.com and since good website. I won't get to that, okay? And she's right. All the people that are really cravin' it and they've had the only problem. I would ask you this. Who are we going to vote for? Bloss, for a. Huh? Seriously, I mean, I was certainly going to vote for anybody, but Bush does of us who are are appalled by this. I'm suggesting. I know. That's something about right-of-man. That'd be kidding. At least he's got a good sense. I'm starting to like pat behind him. Yeah. As grotesque as he isn't many, many ways. He'd like to fry my ass in the oven. Never, never less. He's starting to look like I hell of a lot better than some. I can think of. Not to mention any names. Just even to read. Bad the hairpiece. 1013 at 5.60. If you don't have the right head gear, that's why you don't have a chance. Bad head gear. 1013 at QAM. If you're looking to do a little more of this year for somebody's birthday new baby or to celebrate Easter, send it for Montana. For Montana girls are beautifully handmade and Vermont each one is a little bit different. They make a personal and sentimental gift. They'll be loved forever because they're glad and teed for a life. Bear counselors are ready to help you choose from over 100 bears when you call 1-800-829-Bear or shop online at VermontTidieBird.com. Send a hair bear for Easter. Complete with removable bunny ears. Or thank your administrative professional on the 23rd with our lifesaver bear. Every VermontTidieBird comes with a free card and candy. All delivered and a colorful gift box with an air hole. There's nothing like a box with an air hole. Even the presentation is extra special. You won't believe there will be actually you'll get when you send a handcrafted VermontTidieBird overnight and send a delivery of guaranteed. So call today tool free. 1-800-829-Bear or shop online if you like it. VermontTidieBird.com. Do a little bit extra of this year instead of VermontTidieBird for Easter. For any special occasion for Paisach for circus for Tissumov. Call 1-800-829-Bear. 1-800-829 bear. Be sure to tell that old Neo told you to call. 5-800-829-Bear. 5-800-829-Bear. 3-800-829-Bear. 4-800-829-Bear. 4-800-829-Bear. But you have a heart or a liver? This is an action news update. On the acupointing for the opening of the new album, we know bring you some who say no. I have been cut off from the outside world and have not been able to do my laundry for a very long time. I am presently wearing in old wedding gown and a push-up bra. Later on this afternoon, I will be chatting on AOL. T-word, Sudam, the cross to the server. 1017-560. Of course you've heard all the stories about how we made the secret deal in the Russians. Took him off in a convoy for an exchange for a sadams for freedom. Yes. I'm going to get to it momentarily. I'm going to get to it momentarily. I'm going to get to it momentarily. I'm going to get to it momentarily. I'm going to get to it momentarily. How about the seeds for a list? How about the castaways? The Greg Reid saw. The more Howard David it saw. But they didn't make the cut. T-word. History up in Smoke writes more in doubt in today's New York Times. Last week the CIA was leading toward believing that Saddam Hussein was alive and Osama Bin Laden was dead. This week the CIA is leading toward believing that Osama Bin Laden is alive and Saddam Hussein is dead. Unless of course Saddam is not dead. Even though Tommy France trains to have Saddam's DNA, American forensics experts have not been pying to the rubble of the Baghdad's safe house in restaurant where Saddam and his sons were targeted in the April 7th, are pretty good clue that they didn't expect to find any Saddam traces there. And last night rumors were flitting through the intelligence community that Saddam may be on the run after plastic surgery. The man is known to be an official auto of cosmetic enhancement. He requested liposuction, teeth whitening, and hair transplant equipment through UN officials. In 1998 as humanitarianists we have not found any weapons of mass destruction is because all that botulinum tax needs to be stored wasn't to make biological weapons as Paul said, but Botox. What a saddam never intended to defend Baghdad. What if he plotted a body heat ending where a look alike would be blown up on he escaped to a secluded tropical beach? It wouldn't have been so difficult while he went under the knife and underground operating room or in Syria. He could have put on old video tapes on Iraqi TV and set out doubles to do walkabouts in the wacky information minister to do lieabouts. It always seems suspicious that at the height of the bombing campaign in Baghdad with American forces ringing the city that Saddam strode on the Baghdad, Bada Beng, flanked by relatives and top aides. Whether the techy tarot is Moad Dust or has a new face he's gone. And we now own his country for the bargain down payment of $79 billion. America broke away from the British Empire and now it's built against own British style empire. We are as now for we obviously have something to learn from the British when they carted off treasures of the nations they conquered to the British Museum. They at least preserved them for future generations to fight over who should own them. The coalition forces regarding the Iraqi oil ministry building while hundreds of Iraqis ransacked and went off with precious heirlooms and artifacts from a 7,000 year old civilization. Rummy blew off the repeated request of Scotters' archaeologist that the soldiers must protect Iraqi history in the museum as zealous as zealotry and let me say it again. Rummy blew off the repeated request of Scotters' archaeologist that the soldiers must protect Iraqi history in the museum as zealous ways they protected Iraqi wealth in the oil wells. Bad reading the old sorry. The Secretary of Defense Miniclaw yesterday that it was not too worried about a few old pots and big scheme of things. He said it was a stretch to attribute the looting of the museum to a defect in the war plan. We've seen looting in this country he said it's Pentagon briefing. We've seen riots at soccer games in various countries around the world to the extent that it happens in a war zone. It's difficult to stop. The government should have taken 20 seconds when it was awarding the Haliburton contract to protect the art of books in the hospital supplies. Even when they had the museum as an awful example, the world planners let more of Iraqis, Priceless intellectual history be destroyed as looters and arsonists ransacked into their fate just because we don't want to be an empire. Doesn't mean we have to be utterly lacking in grand door just because the leaders who prosecuted this war were oilmen doesn't mean they have to prosecute the war like wellmen. Leonard Wolf, Virginia Wolf's husband, was sent to a government partisan salon in the early 20th century in resigned, discouraged about the difficulties of occupation. The most in imperial administration could hope to do we say with the rent people from killing one another or robbing one another or burning down the camp. And that's the least we must do says marine dowels. And today's New York Times. And I've got marine. And is it interesting? Her good point she makes is that they weren't going through the rubble there to find traces of Sodom so we'd have some DNA. Her. Huh? Or even a see if we could find a body. They weren't like pulling through that rubble. In other words, he wasn't there. But there were some families there, and of course now, well, they're dead. I just mentioned that in passing. Then I was lucky as Ali. Good old lucky Ali, man. He's doing great. That's a good nickname for it. Lucky Ali. Mm-hmm. Yeah, like that dog lucky. You know the one that's blind and no one like missing. Sure. No tail. No ears. Lucky. Hey, lucky. Honestly, I can hear me. Robert, I don't want to read too many bedtime series because that's like going back to that stuff again. But I have I feel compelled as spirit of somebody compels me. The spirit of Michael Moore compels me. But we'll take some great calls and be twisted between WQAM. So what I mean? Right. That's cool. Yeah. Huh? Now come on. We had a couple of good nights. Oh, we're good. Don't be so you're so negative. No. What's wrong with you? By the way, was 83 here yesterday, the height of the day is going to be 46. That's true. And tomorrow 35. And then we'll warm up on a weekend. We like the little variety. You know, we don't want that constant. Just little varieties good. WQAM. Hello. Yes, man. Hello. Good. You know, I've been having trouble getting through. I wanted to tell you what I called about yesterday was the same thing that woman called about Rick Sanchez. Yeah. Actually, she neglected to tell you the funniest part of the article. Okay. It says the reports of Sanchez leaving MSNBC with published Monday in the news. Luzette, a daily Orlando base newspaper. Newsletter. Why'd we circulate it? The newsletter called Sanchez quote, a vamping type of ventilating tabloid bread Rick head. Oh, no, no specific explanation why he might be leaving the cable news channel. I love it. And on the subject of Roger Lieberman in today's Harold, I mean, I got some some stuff that's snuster here on the comic stage of all things. That's where he belongs. The boondocks. As presidential hopeful Joseph Lieberman met with President Bush today at the White House. According to Ari Flisher, the president strongly encouraged Lieberman to switch from his usual tidy, whiny underwear to more flattering silk boxers. Wait. It's better. According to sources, the president also I'm really enjoying your show. I get more news than for many, buddy else. Keep it up. Thanks a lot. Bye bye. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next is. See you next. See you next time. See ya next time. See ya next time. See you next time. See you next time. Producerensitive State Day. See you next time. I just asked you a question why don't you have to say You don't want to be a couple of others because you don't want me to say anything goodbye Goodbye I was just wondering why you used that term leftist liberals now is going to listen to the rest of you to say but he wants to see you hey He wants to fulfill his death wish on his call. Okay, he wants to show everybody how I will hang up on him That cause of whatever he was going to say you leftist liberals I Would just one time one time like they're one of these people call and say something without taking a shot, you know, just once what happened No, you leftist liberals Sir you've got blood on your hands. That's what I would like to say to you go wash your hands with soap and water It's good for SARS too, but wash your hands because you have blood on them A lot of thousands of innocent people including over a hundred young Americans and many many Brits and others All of the never ending quest for oil and power But this guy, you know, he's already got his mind made up and don't start talking about him after you're hung up on him I would have been delighted to have a conversation with you sir, but when you want to start part see they really believe that if they just keep talking right that that's going to work If they're going to outshot me, which is never going to work because at that point you're going to hear that amazing sound that I'm sure the skies heard many times Here it is and he heard it and the price was right sir Call us again sometime not 27 after 10 at 5 60 W to Q. I'm speaking of phones you ever thought about getting a wireless phone Sure you have you know how valuable is to keep in touch with your business associates during the day as well as being connected with your family At all times in your drug friends like George well don't postpone it any longer get it done today Just call wireless city a team of authorized dealer column now toll free at one triple eight two two one 80 80 And wireless city where delivered to the day to your home or your business a new wireless phone ready for you to use wireless city a team of Authorized dealer can offer you service plans perfect, but it for whatever you need like their new 3999 plan with 600 whenever minutes and unlimited weekends Call wireless city now at 888 221 80 80 call today and get you the new small size Nokia 3390 with vibrating call alert and hands free to just call one 888 221 80 80 service agreement required so you printed materials or authorized representatives of wireless city for limited and complete details wireless city That is your team of authorized dealer call one triple eight 221 80 80 Oh Talk dirty to me Uh Oh Mari baby Oh Oh, I got it. Mm. Oh, make it the joke. Mm, mm, mm, mm, mm. Mm, mm, mm, mm. Mmm, mm, mm, mm. Move along circuitlik kalo town drive out highway road What are we gonna do with all you left his liberals? I'd like to know who he's talking about. Other than me in Randy, can you name another little not just talking in the local market? Or in the area? Any other liberal talk show host on radio in the country? Name me one real fast? No. Time's up. This is bad news that you just facts to me. It says, don't know if you saw or heard this did not see this in the newspaper post? Comical Ali death of a legend. It could be more of a Iraqi information minister Muhammad Saeed al-Sahab's trademarked this information, but there were reports yesterday that committed suicide. Oh no. And he was just getting ready to take over to Mosho. You answer me, pray for your mode. At least till my Friday. To our rainy newspaper is reported that Sodom's notorious spin-mise to who was outlandish briefings on the stage of the Iraq War in Tim the nickname, Comical Ali, hanged himself shortly after the fall of Baghdad last week. The newspaper said the story of Al-Sahab suicide came from unnamed Iraqi War refugees in the town of Deloran. The reports that Al-Sahab was ordered to stay at his post and continue to give the impression that Sodom was in control even while other regime leaders and military commanders were fleeing. He was said to hang himself last Wednesday hours after US forces took control of Baghdad. Are these reports accurate over the planned by the minister of this information himself in the hope that US forces won't look for him? Well, whatever no I guess. That would be a shame when it came. He was one of the few guys we like to still have around. Plus all of Savayans, by the way, most of them. So I mean we'd be marked mark-mark-hopeless thing now or later. I think I want to do it now. Both. No, I don't. Robert Shiraw, I want to do now. Huh? I didn't say I'm not going to do both. And then we got to strip out Elizabeth's smart in the inquiry. Says she was not the kid that she ran away. That's the defense for this comeback, by the way. Brian Mitchell, let's go to the defense. Is that she was, is she ran away with him? And she was not kidnapped. And the knife was just to cut through the screen on a window and to get in. And for cheese. Then we got the poor American idol. He's a, Brian, secret. He's a real pussy. I've an Bentley. Get into a fight in the barn. He said he fought like a woman. Snacks. He fights like a sissy. What it said. Well, at least he's a fight natural anyway. Steve McQueen was murdered. That's also in the inquiry. Plans docked in a new blocker. And above the book, he was murdered a cover to perpetuate the scale of cancer treatment in America. Because he was going to blow the lid on him about how these alternatives were working for him. Wrong. But anyway. Robert Sheer writes in today's Los Angeles Times, how telling that US forces so carefully protected in my soil fields while ignoring the looting of Baghdad internationally renowned museum, the complete and by all accounts preventable destruction of one of the world's most significant collections of antiquities is a fit metaphor for current US policy which causes more serious damage to carelessness than calculation. The notion that Iraq even has history, let alone that 7,000 years ago this line was the cradle of civilization, is not likely to occur to the neoculomest running or brony young nation, barely more than 200 years old. The United States earnest instances the charm that our entertainment industry markets so successfully around the world, but it is also the perennial seat of disaster as we blightly rearrange corners of the planet we only pretend to understand. To Donald Rumsfeld, the widespread looting that is ravaged hospitals, libraries and museums in Iraq was simply further proof the US invasion of this fractured Muslim country represents liberation. Freedom's untidy, he said, and free people are free to make mistakes and commit crimes, translation, you have to break a few eggs to make an omelet. It almost sounds as if the defense secretary is projecting out of the looters of black and excuse for deadly errors the White House and US military have made and will continue to make an Iraq alienating allies, killer civilians, hand-picking, craving and corrupt Iraqi leaders who haven't been in the country for decades. This, after all, the distillation of the Bush doctrine, free countries are free to commit mistakes and commit crimes and unfree countries. One wonders whether Rumsfeld was since such tolerance to the United States' own toolmen in prisoners. Surely he wouldn't dismiss her country's long history of urban riots as an example of untidyness of freedom? It's only an Iraq that we believe to quote a song Janice Joplin made famous that freedom is just another word for nothing left to lose. The admittedly awesome display of US military power or the slew of false testifications used to unleash it. The imminent threat of Iraq's use of weapons of destruction now likely to be proven non-existent or the unsubstantiated claim that Iraq is linked to 911, qualifies the US to remake a nation with which we have absolutely no affinity. If Iraq needs a foreign midwife to assist in its rebirth, it should be out of the broader sponsorship of the United Nations Security Council, which our macho president continues to disparage for having failed to vote our way. Well, the democracy we so-flipply promote for Iraq be pushed aside if it's simply fails to produce results to our liking? Egor to rebuild their country after years of misrule will Iraq is really swallowed the shameless plans of Bush and Siders to privatize your Mackey oil while the administration awards billions of dollars in contracts US companies? And what if Iraqi Muslim fundamentalists prove a successful at the polls as radicals in Algeria, where the US only mildly rebuked the repressive regime for smashing a popularly elected but the aquatic opposition? If the new Iraq follows the path of Pakistan and Turkey where the populists inclined to obliterate any wall between state and church, will the US spin this as a victory for democracy? Well, Ramosfeld justifies the ethical cleansing, common in the nation-driven with competing tribes, plans, and religious sects arbitrarily packed together by previous Colombia's rulers as the unruly joy or freedom? Why have the media bought the administration's propaganda that we come to Iraq with clean hands and virgin swords to slay the dragon and sottam Hussein when the US did so much to keep him in power? Surely even embedded journalists recall that it was Reagan's administration's special envoy Ramosfeld, who met with Hussein in the 80s to guarantee US support for Iraq's war with Iran. Once again, we're deep in the nation-building again that Bush decandidate railed against in 2000. Having blundered in guns blazing, we should now play to win the peace slowly backing out inviting a true multinectional rebuilding effort with support from the UN and Muslim countries. And for Heaven's sake, can we remember in our next preemptive invasion to assign at least a few of our tanks to protect the hospitals and museums? It's Robert Chirin yesterday's LA time. He's good. But you know, you left his liberals out there and left coast. That's that LA time left coast. Somebody, in fact, the other day, my wife said, what's so bad about being a liberal? The answer is nothing, absolutely positively nothing. But you got to hand it to the right wingers. They conserved it as a call to whatever you want to be public goods. You got to hand it to them because they've made the word liberal and that's one of them. So that almost nobody in a congress team will ever use that term for any other than Ted Kennedy, can you tell me anybody who described themselves as a liberal? No. So dirty word man, they succeeded in that. Just like they succeeded in sticking with 2000 election. And so seeding, turning the Democrats into a bunch of whimps. Bitches. Whimps and bloody bitches. Speaking of bitches, don't forget Friday the beast will be in. He and I will have our way off. I have a phony, I may do better in him this week. I could be wrong. I think I might just be the amount. But I started at $192.5. Yes, sir. We'll see how he does this Friday. As the great QM slim down continues, well, thanks got that you're in a reaction. That probably cost me an answer to. If you want to lose some weight, balance for life is the way to go. Look at the beast man. He looks a lot better than he used to. He's still a big fat tub. He's got a long way to go. But he's off to a good start. He's lost 60 pounds. How many more do you think he can lose by summer time? About 30 man. It was right the easiest, the least way with balance for life because number one it tastes great. Number two it works. Number three it's easy even if you're as simple as you don't have to count any calories or carbs. You don't even have to go shopping. Just sit there on your fat ass. All you do is choose between two alternatives reach me every day that you run a program this and you little man you pick what you like. And that's it. Every day by six in a AM they delivered you a little black sack. In your black sack all the food you need to keep you satisfied all day long. Three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks that I want to emphasize. Nothing frozen nor artificial ingredients nothing in little prefab box. Everything is fresh and delicious made with the breast ingredients you'll find anywhere. And like I said, it'll keep you satisfied with a big smile on your post while I wait pours off. So you know it's no fun being fat. Your sick you look like crap lose that way with balance for life like the beast is doing a lot of others doing his audience call nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine and once and for all take it off and keep it off or check them out of the web if you like it balance for life dot clock clock clock own There's a Pick up a phone in every hands home A call is C-I-A Just wink, not one one Get it done With these commercial way Judging bombs Made by creeps Judging bombs Made her cheeky Judging bombs Find these creeps Judging bombs And the made by creeps Judging bombs made by dirty creeps Gas chamber Deep on injection Firing squaw Get these creeps And step them in Electric chair I won't teach Get these creeps Let me ask you a question What ever happened to Josep Hadia speaking of dirty bombs? Uh What about our friend from Miramar? I mean your friend from Miramar To one that they were saying they absolutely Possibly had a locate him immediately Not sooner could write Are you here any more about that? Nope Huh Maybe it wasn't quite as urgent as they thought Neil Hank wants you to explain to least double overtime when we were fully the other night But don't embarrass him on the ear Ha ha ha ha ha ha That's cute Well, see I think even a hump or not is that in a playoff We don't have no tie games And there are no points for wins It's certifying so on It's a big night By the way Shane Carson puts the team and I say I'm wrong Long overdue Shane go away Don't go away may I just go away Shane Carson just walked away So I'm putting the team I'm at a distraction and I'm an asshole and I suck and I'm leaving and they said What they said when Shane courses that I'm leaving old number 27 So he's gone. That's a piece of good news Even better news is that Phil how's we probably won't play too much of it all? Oh, is he bad anyway game? For that series has done I right here at the Air Canada Center. I know George is all whipped up to a frenzy about oh, yeah I actually come up for the game. I love to Here's one that says I was down at Daniel. Hi, I did a man who walks in who an oh, this is you believe this Whatever who walks in but our butt our buddy But our bunk butt buddy. I went up to talk to him and ask him about his time in Milwaukee because that's where I'm from he totally brushed me off I asked if he was a serious and he told me that he was gonna get the security if I didn't leave Malone at this point I was pissed so I told him I would leave Malone provided he took the Alechead office Had this pissed him off big time he started yelling obscenities to me and I was returning a fire eventually security made me leave What an arrogant asshole. It says I'm not one of those people obsessed with celebrity. I've seen you with pump and a park But I've never approached you. I was just gonna give him the benefit of the doubt to win me over as a fan He failed miserably what a loser please play. Oh, you know what this guy wants to hear In regards to the difference with the mo Oh my oh my oh All right, he wants me to put on. What is that? He want this now. They're requesting a drop-ins back to back is that is that what we're doing on the show now? Yes, oh One moment please the other wife You know, he doesn't want to hear that like they want to hear him back to back Okay, who's the end day now? Okay, come she down How do you like that? Moved brush them off get out of here you'll creep don't bother me. Okay. I'm an important star here Daniel. I know what I don't want to see it One of the case fine sponsors. I want to see yeah here is a Rob from PA again the W that this is a good poll I like that We'll do this tomorrow. Thank you Rob. This is a great poll. Do you like it? I like it the W in George W bush stands for and he's got some suggestions here warmonger Wasted one thing as an intelligence worked Winner and then we'll go. Oh, that's good. Thank you Rob Give any idea how difficult it is what you do coming up with a great poll every day right Just come up with a bad one is tough Let's see here's one. It's from a studying girl in homestead who's no relation to stuttering Steve on the chronic 10 regular quarters to the more how we David had show along with Lou Lou, I thought we got ready to want that hockey hotline after the games years ago. Okay. It's Lou on a mobile. Here's Lou Every day now. Fuck. I need nothing to say Even our crank calls are better than Lou today's poll. Please put Alex pink and Picanius slash Steve Shiver These guys are gonna take us to the cleaners. I'd rather be bombed than raped and admire elected officials I'd do like that I guess the rate is funny. Yeah. I guess he hasn't heard about it 560 560 560 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line We got the mad dog at one o'clock He's gonna talk about all of his experiences at least self-menile gust in his big trip to Michigan and Detroit I guess he already probably done that What's that was you gonna talk about the Marlin suck the heat they beat to the racters but everybody does that and there's a season about done how about all those playoff teams in South Florida Huh? I mean we got to stand we got play off school and on we got Shane Corson walked out on the leaves We got all these exciting thing that lightning and overtime last night glad to see that that was great nice going Vinny Look how he sticks it in there and the pup two Screw that okay big fat tubalard set him back to San Diego And this is the middle of April okay. Don't care about football in the middle of April. I love football But to say the time for it. Okay. I realize that you're one two You're one no Johnny radio station. That's all they want to talk about because mostly that's all they know about Junior say off middle of April Anyway the lightning horse the terrible start losing the first two at home to the capitals Which made me really sick as I hate the caps and then they have a one in Washington since before George Washington was president And last night they blow the lead three times get forced into overtime There was Yami Yagurani ice with blood dripping out of his push and in overtime They wouldn't know with the with a five on three or not What would that be? That's right. This is not the regular season team like Hank now getting confused They're not playing four on four overtime and a playoff's you idiot. Oh sorry. I'm getting confused like the Humper It was a five on three overtime and if any sticks in there for running goal nice gone Tampa Bay They're still alive. You following this George. No, let's talk some golf what do you say? All right What about that Mike we're I'm serious if you could see that Simmons there making up here about Mike we're it's really queer I mean it's a sad I mean they're carrying on I realize it's the first Canadian ever when the master's and he's got the green jacket And he's got like a boring little guy. Oh, he's okay, but I mean they're carrying on like this is important even more important than those curling championships Mike we're a golf guy. Oh, Lee cows on a front page of every newspaper He's out there before the hockey game Monday night. I mean just everywhere is freaking Mike weird Luckily though we got our plan and went back where he came from 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon You don't think he was worried about staying too long catching at SARS do you WQAM Yeah, yes, sir is speaking Oh, Neil what's all this crap about our not getting the bomb Syria? What does that mean? I mean what is pushed turn into some sort of goddamn liberal Uh Give any idea. Oh, I'm sorry Speaking of Syria and just just a few months ago we were going on about what a great job They've done and helping us and fight the world the worldwide war on terrorism right help on us hunt down the terrorist Remember that sure that we're doing a good job But then we discovered that pipeline air that the Israelis want to when it goes to high-finger We said wow all of a sudden we discovered they got weapons of mass destruction and worked in Iraq It's gonna work over there. We can't find any but they got lots of weapons of mass destruction. Yeah, it doesn't work Have you pardon? Doesn't matter if we find any or if they have any no cuz we just make it up Oh, we know we had they have been so does everybody else US allies also have weapons of mass destruction this article in Ananova Syria's the latest target of US accusations over weapons of mass destruction But the list of states with chemical biological or nuclear arms also extends to several US allies Oh The US and Britain cited a racially alleged alleged stocks of weapons of mass destruction their decision to invade and George Bush now says Syria's also sitting on an arsenal of chemical weapons But among the nations believe that WMD capability our states the US may not consider hostile like Israel Egypt, Pakistan, India and Taiwan and happy pace off the wall of our friends in India John Bolstall deputy director of the non proliferation project of the US Carnegie Endowment for International Peace said We tend to look the other way when it suits our interest that decision is come back to haunt us Israel's nuclear weapons program is not to conclude about 200 warheads deployed on ballistic missiles and aircraft We'll still said Is ready official to not comment on the country's nuclear weapons potential to this mention and nuclear submarines no, but that's also part of it yet Egypt another US allies believed the harbor chemical weapons along including deadly Syrian and Vx agents along with perhaps an offensive Biowepens capability according to the moderated independent international studies Indian Pakistan have publicly tested nuclear weapons as we all know They also are suspected to be engaged in chemical and biological weapons research according to Carnegie and Monterey The entire one probably maintains a chemical weapons program and may have a biological research program according to Monterey Saudi Arabia has bought nuclear capable intermediate range missiles from China although the Saudis are not believed to have Unconventional warheads to put them in most all said Other countries with current chemical and biological weapons stocks are research programs include of course Russia China Libya and Sudan according to the Carnegie Endowment think of that rational countries not rogue ones like Libya Good rational hands Sudan are the ones that have it we can trust them right US and Britain developed their own chemical and biological weapons in the past Britain Is destroyed all such stocks and the US is still eliminating the last vestiges of its chemical weapons said any Smithson of the Henry L. Stimson Center National Security Think Tank and Washington although we hear to the contrary In fact, we heard the developing new and even more evil things is what we're always hearing But nevertheless there you go son our website today just peruse it But when it's convenient all of a sudden you've got weapons of mass destruction You're an ex because that's in the game plan that's on the list that's on the map don't you like the way they keep referring to this this map? Yeah, that they're making out in this new world order their creating didn't the ex's powers do that to didn't they take a map of the world and yeah carve it up that's correct A slice for us a little tiny slice for you another big big slice for us pull and over here. France over there. Do you okay over here Of course don't forget Austria. They said sure come away. We're delighted I don't think I'm gonna be going to Vienna in times. How do you need no V in these sausages when you come right out of it Unless it looks really really Okay, oh I blew that bag you see that oh When I had such a cute thing also up for that and I was busy watching the thing on the CBC here. I was distracted Can I do it again please? I'm also responsible right play to rejoin again because I want to do this Whatever every turn You a m your a pf okay see what's next you yeah not real their songs provided the soundtrack for all whole generation and now They're finding a whole new audience with a CD that doesn't sound a whole lot like anything they've ever done before It's the best of crossbeats stills and cashles you know We're right in On the Americas Experience each other all over again when crossbeats stills and cash on bail a whole different take on this classic to With to In the yard it's a CD jam packed with all the songs you want to teach your children My You I'm Johnny cash because we still don't cash You know we used to sing like a couple of boys names too But now the cash registers ringing because worse than getting a whole new register You are what you are They're usually get hard the best of crossbeats stills and cash Walk the line straight to your local record store and pick up a copy today It's 11 o'clock at five 60 nobody Q and we got that big noon to one comedy But sir that we do every ones they come up and noon to which we say yeah, we like it a lot Time in Hollywood is a real chronic factor where we got many many chronic factors. Don't that's fine? He says the Department of Homeland Security just lowered the terror threat from elevated to arbitrary So sing a song about your business or just curl up into a ball and die also P.S. Tom Regeats weaselass and if that's the case keep them away from home Oh, can you imagine if he gets all the most hit? Phil and Mudgate who's also chronic and also good practices. I visited a great website which we've seen before Smurkingchimp.com yes and But the two shirts that say I'm a proud member of the left wing conspiracy and send a chicken octoer rack On the back of the latter with list many members of the bush cartel with captions and how they avoided military duty Other shirts include in peach bush and friends don't let friends vote Republican These are too many and there are many other eye opening articles where they was how they recommended we need for anyone Signature thank you very much Bill get your printing improved a little bit We're gonna save that. I'm gonna check that out later on. Okay, we've just looked at that before it's cute. Yes, we have of course Here we know problem walking around with those t-shirts. I think I might just get some whole bunch of them What the smiling smurking picture of Jean Cratchin on the back with that we got a little clown curled down like the most oh look at this Mike ox long yeah, says the most dangerous person in the world is your close personal friend That's in the word that was weird You want to know what I All tell you I'll take some of the time. I'll break you. Yeah, there you go. I had the cute thing on it Anyway, Greg really says the most things that I know you more Craig's okay He's he's what he is he's got balls how can you talk about the world when CNN says that Toronto is in the grips of a SARS epidemic Terror terror can George pay you a visit. No, we already have enough disease up here already We don't want to Yeah, that's right. How can I be talking about war we got all these important things to worry about See anybody here that's worried about it. No, not that I've run into anyways 1102 at 5.60 WQAM QAM hello Hola I Have it a QAM Good morning. Yes, sir. I was just trying to find out what was smoking monkey with that the fight was just mentioned smoking monkey dot org Very good. Thank you smoking but dot the in Yeah, I had a crazy person I don't tell them the real website because he dangerous so you're one of those t-shirts and probably eat it It probably is my lucky with it Mark Mark Koppel is right, so I'm gonna read this every day for least in next five years probably I'll believe this in an appropriate place like I don't know What should we do with a call? Charles for the center Now, seriously, this ought to be we ought to leave it on with our current stories every day for like many many days to come You don't agree. Yeah. Yeah, we can have a perfect place for it. Yeah, I'll bet Back home Mark Mark Koppel is in the chapel. It'll lose rights village voices media failure I read this twice yesterday. We did again will be overkill as we said in a rack overkill, but you know what to bed? Maybe I'll read it better Or maybe not Mark says it's reported that more than half of Americans believe that Saddam Hussein is responsible for the terrorist attacks of 9-11 This means that the US media have utterly spectacularly shamply and patheticly failed One of the most interesting aspects of this war has been the overall superiority of the internet as a source of news In many cases, of course, this actually means access to news reports from all the world's media except the United States To the majority of the world citizens who oppose the war really just hate freedom or are they getting better information At any rate without the internet, we are truth deprived In one sense the US mainstream media has proved their totally relevant sees an accurate information source Tragedically, it's worse than that. They've proven that they have neither the professional journalist Integrity nor the individual ethical foundation resisting and listed a supporter war that they have all people are Whereas based on lies First off, argue war drum beaters and troops supporters out there sending you out-raged letters All I ask is that you provide a shred of relvenants of weapons of mass destruction and Iraq Or tell the readers that the bush above didn't lie about the forged documents before him to prove Iraq had a nuclear program Or the plagiarized California grad student's thesis that colon Powell claim came from unimpeachable sources Or the aluminum tubes that nobody in the world considered evidence of nuclear weapons construction Not even the Pentagon fundamentalists who cynically put forth his nonsense I urge you to write but spare me the sanctimonious unpatriotic smearing and give me some facts And please don't tell the support the troops bait and switch game the carbor abort of Alderman guts Look at that one even going so far to say they wanted the troops to have all the logistical support They need to complete their jobs Translation now that you're stuck fighting a war that we already understand to be illegal and unnecessary We will stand by quietly while you kill thousands of Iraqis not only young men and boys in the Iraqi army But more than a thousand innocent people and wound many thousands more including young children with their arms blown off or blided by a Shrapnel and we will stand by quietly while you die get wounded or psychologically warped Supporting the troops apparently does not include opposing use of depleted uranium shells that ruined the lives of tens of thousands of Gulf War veterans And we'll do the same this go around with Burley a mention in the media Those so intend on supporting the war effort to the expense of authentic journalism Not to mention the hell of experience of war itself Veteran more correspondent Chris Hens is recently wrote an essay decrying the censorship that has kept images of the true phase of wars Distrust not of American living rooms if we saw the deep psychological scars of slaughter the way it Mains and stuns those who participate in war for the rest of their lives. We would keep our children away Supporting the troops also apparently does not apply to the media that have glossed over or ignored the lies in bribery that laid the groundwork for this invasion How absurd that the mother of a killed soldier was heard to say on the radio that her boy died to protect Salt Lake City where she lived What did he die for? Put project for a new American century in your search engine The late 90s think take membership reads like the Iraqi war chicken-ock roster wolfowitz pearl cheney Abrams jib bush and more It's a simple doctor they crafted in large US power and resource control by expanding the military choosing a conflict that were resolved in a quick win and an impressive Show of force to the rest of the world a rack was singled out by them as they preferred country and then continue And when they'd other countries with Egypt and Saudi Arabia mentioned in order to gain control of the media specifically Did we really think the world's most incredible military machine would not inevitably attract the type of an Ickle people that throughout human history have always been attracted to positions of enormous power Do we think that these people even though they exhibit the same disrespect for truth the same propensity for self-aggrandizement the same Contemporary democracy and freedom as petty power grammars to the ages are somehow more trustworthy because they are Americans Here's a quote from one of the most powerful people in the world today Richard Pearl close advice you to bush Who's also known and washing and is the prince of darkness if we let our vision of the world go forth and we embrace it entirely And we don't try to piece together clever diplomacy But just wage total war our children will sing great songs about us years from now Chillie now chilling Got some mushroom cocktail chilling in a refrigerator. Yeah, chillin like why here's some more choices George whippers napper Boyish whippers napper diminutive insignificant or presumptuous person presumptuous overstepping do bounds taking liberties over weaning over weaning 5670560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line WQ a m deal yes, sir Oh We got the off guard Good couple of quick things You sound fantastic. We happy and Toronto anybody that says difference crazy just lost to hear you miserable never come back to Miami He was chosen got a lot of energy from Toronto sounds fantastic. I got news for the times I come back to mommy Would be very short live though, can less we have a massive SARS outbreak in the general community here I will not become a back to Miami for a while and the times like I said I do come back Well, we cure a few days there. That's more than enough believe me You guys were talking about these the hawks on the right and the reasons they neglected the serve the country Like they want all the other people to serve right Rush Limbaugh comes to mind. I'm not sure if you know but Jack Cole claims that he has evidence Back when he was alive that Rush Limbaugh got out of Serving in Vietnam because he failed with this physical due to a power night off said basically a shift on his tailbone. Yeah, boy line is that's right a boy line is that Okay, thanks for the good news. Yep, say a see you Say hi to laran. It's okay Okay, let's do our thought our thought our let me say it again. I want to say it for the umpteen time But it's true anybody you know we have many people who call say I don't agree with everything you say, but I drew you well of course You don't agree with everything. I say I don't agree with everything anybody says except me Right But this business that we ought to be did oh heads and blindly follow some loud Pontificating bag of wind is it's just ludicrous and those people the pickup truck driving Yahoo's who certainly don't check out the internet or anything except the much of pictures of it You know the internet all they're checking internet all right for some poor no size, but that's about it Which is fine, but at least in the meantime I learned something to he sends who's got the biggest boobies In fact talking about this administration speaking to the biggest boobies How's the pull coming to you the most dangerous person to world that I is look at that? He's almost as popular as Frank Zappa No, really do we have a pull that somebody went 401 votes already and George W's got 162 of them Osama if alive been laden 50 dick cheney if alive 40 More Howard David if alive 37 Kim Jong-il 37 John Askcroft elite edition has got 18 and moving up Ariel sure won't even on pace off 17 just an honor of Passover. I said a telegram to Ariel sure under the I said happy Passover and by the way Cox a hoist Donald Rumsfeld's got 16 Richard Pural eight pull wolf with seven rooper Murdoch's got seven And the Sodom if alive who's saying only got a small pair now Thanks to that plastic surgery 567.0560 pound five 60 out maybe he saw the same past your surgeon Mr. Ego goes to What the plugs the one with the plugs the ones with the blood dripping down your forehead W Q I in Yeah, okay, that's it you left this liberal let's just think guys before Same guy. That's that was his material. Let me would say see you hung up on me. Well, there you go. You had your chance There's your material God bless these say Texas or taxes. I think he said boxing All right, I think he said taxes Texas. I don't know what he said All I know is he's an asshole you elect us liberal there you go excellent job Sure, but defending the indefensible you're not one of those livings another one of those did oh heads another one He's a goose stepers just wait till they come to get your ass man and you won't be screaming at two And you won't be calling us up bitch in a saw they just can't stand the fact that there's anybody Let me say it again. This is what they really want and I'm not exaggerating cuz we know it for sure on his show They don't want anybody on the year who isn't the spouting the company line anybody Whether it's in master pick or long island whether it's in Miami Florida whether it's in Toledo or Ohio Whether it's in Batavia in New York they don't want in big markets small market A super market. They don't want anybody anywhere who isn't goose stepping along Which sounds very ugly and very pretty for me to me? You understand the stop-oats and strike up every one right? That's what it sounds like to me. I just again mentioned that in passing father perinoia Well, I love that we did come and he was so good He was great. I lied. It's not it's not for my daughter. It's for me That was a good movie. I'm gonna watch that again. I got it on DVD I'm also gonna watch this week born on a fourth of July which yours got it on your copy I'm gonna watch that now is it the pressing you said something about his legs were blown off He winds up in a wheelchair. It's a part of the issues that he has to deal with and Yes, it's a true story about a real guy who's alive right now and very very active in the anti war movements Yeah, I know that. So so it ends on an upnote. He perseveres. He sees a survivor No, thanks to while you'll see. I hope he's no better than Ali. Although Ali a court MSNBC He's doing great You're gonna really like his mom in the movie I'm not gonna say that I mean do they really believe I guess they do that the public is that stupid Yeah, here's this tragic little 12 year old boys had both arms blown off who was unaverged at who suffered just Excruciating pain with burns over 90% of his body and oh, he's doing what a great field good story That is you know what the public is that's stupid. Oh my god 13 past 11 just keep pressing on man. Don't stop and think about it Just keep pushing forward take that paycheck God another one coming up just nine days from now got that big book coming up just nine days from now Oh, look at that it's a good thing payday is not maybe the pay tax will shrub before the ratings You know what I mean, Mo Hey, do you have $2,000 or more on a credit card $2,000 or Mo if so listen to this dedicated consumer counseling will help you It'll cost you zip-o nothing not a penny dedicated is a nonprofit committed to contact the companies you will money to and they can cut your payments in half Call 1-800-4-Node debt that's 1-800 number four and letters N-O-D-E-V-T Dedicated will help your interest rate eliminate late fees and save your credit and it cost you nothing the bank pays dedicated So you pay zero if you're tired of battling credit card debt call dedicated right now and check this out There's no obligation call 1-800 number four no debt call and find out how dedicated can help you We have nothing lose if you just had it with credit card debt high interest rates and late fees You have dedicated consumer counseling and try and they'll be handling for you from there call dedicated right now 1-800-4-Node debt N-O-D-E-V-T in case you don't know not to spell it don't forget to cost you nothing 1-800-4 and N-O-D-E-V-T for dedicated consumer counseling 1-800-4-Node debt call and write down the number one 1-800-4-Node debt call and write down the number one 2-800-4-Node debt call and write down the number one move to the Middle East Warmap, RICS WORLD IF you will and I'll try to explain RICS WORLD, RICS WORLD, PANONX CLIMM Party on everyone I'm your most excellent anchor Rick Sanchez and with me as always Sally Fitz, party on sale Party on Rick called San Pedro lately, not since I've been back from Houston people in the business remember But fortunately for me the public has a short memory Still in a coma? Uh, yeah. Still in a coma. I'm so glad you brought that up, Sal. Not. Anyway, who's saying blew off a couple more scuds at the occupied West Bank, but those awesome Patriot dudes intercepted. A boo! Cup boo! As you know, the insane who's saying, Gosh, can I turn an original phrase or what? Yes, poison gas, but as I squat, uh, over Baghdad. Death Nazcular. I'm giving my gas on my own. How dare, out of both ends! Who's saying today said, Yeah, and look at a narrow end. Not only secret weapon, the Americans, they've got a photo of the colossal news anchor with a chopped lips, squatting over my country with a smelly gas. My fruits are all fleeing, but for me, I ran, but I couldn't hide. Well, that's all the time we have for today, party, huh? Or he's going back there, or something to look forward to, right, that's another reason to be in South Florida. I like her said it to be out of South Florida. Speaking of schmucks, American idle, hoat punched in a bar bra, claimed witnesses to fight over Jackman Smith's daughter. Ryan's secret is trades verbal jams with Simon Kalman, American idle, but he traded real punches with another actor in Hollywood, bar fight over Jackman Smith's daughter reports the, uh, what is this in? Muts is in the National Enquirer, so it's a good chance it might be true. And I would have said that she pressed 28 is not exactly the second coming of my Hamid Ali. She pressed got popped in the nose, he fights like a scissor, he tried to poke and smack the guy like a girl said to witness, and he liked that. The fight broke out and it exclusive the up here, of the white lotus club on Friday night, March 20, after Ryan put a move on Spencer Margaret Richmond, the 17-year-old daughter, former 17-year-old daughter, a former Charlie's angel, Jackman Smith, and a Rex husband, Anthony Richmond. When Ryan approached her, she was talking with the Rex Boyfriend, Brandon Davis 22, but Ryan really started turning on the charm of sources to club the slows. Brandon didn't know what to do it for. If you thought it was pretty rude the way Ryan and his pals just sort of banged and barged in on them, but then he thought maybe Spencer might be attracted to Ryan. So we decided to make himself scarce and if he didn't excuse to live, Spencer said why did you come back in five minutes and we'll dance? As far as Brandon was concerned, that was Spencer's way of telling she didn't want to get stuck with Ryan, if it turned out she didn't like him, and to come back and rescue her. So about five minutes, Brandon returned, that's when all hell broke loose. Scrawley Ryan started putting on this tough guy and for the Spencer we told Brandon, look buddy you're not wanted here. Why do you just buzz off? Brandon replied I think you're the one who's not wanted around. Here is the scuffle broke out. Ryan's buddy suddenly leaked upon a cool cock Brandon. Yeah. I know. Although Ryan's representative claims that he was in a bathroom and time unconscious on the floor and a full of his own blood. And Brandon came to only Spencer was around Ryan and his buddies and high tailed it all. What else come back? What a wimp. What a little pussy. Lizabeth the smarts are very marginal looking Brian Mitchell's come back. Old woodsy the all guy. It Lizabeth's mark beg me to take her. Those are the chilling words. A lot of chilling going on, you know. Kidnapper, Brian Mitchell plans to use this defense for abducting Elizabeth's Mark from our Salt Lake City bedroom nearly a year ago and the inquire has learned exclusively that the bizarre street preacher plans to call the pretty teen to testify on his behalf and says a present evidence that she ran away with him and was not kidnapped. Brian didn't leave Lizabeth out of her house against her will. His father's shirled Mitchell were recently visited his son in jail told the inquire. Her father alienated her and she turned to Brian. Brian truly believes he did nothing wrong that he was trying to save Elizabeth. Brian can be very, very persuasive. Mitchell in his wife Wanda Barzee are both being held at the Salt Lake City County jail on $10,000 bail charged with aggravated sexual assault, everybody kidnapped aggravated burglarine connection with the abduction and they still are North of body and that fetus are really what's in him. Lacey Peterson and a little bit. Don't look good at that. If convicted Mitchell faces up to Latin prison, but he hopes his detailed defense strategy uncovered by the incredible slashes jail time. He plans to tell the jury that Lizabeth beg me to take her away from her family last June 5 and he's going to make the outrageous fan that she willing their participated in her own kidnapping, a source post to the investigation revealed to be inquirer. Now let's see you ask me about the knife. Mitchell's going to claim that the knife he had was only used to cut a window screen at the house and he never threatened Lizabeth's life and already member of her family. And also Mitchell plans to call the stand, Sandy Utah police officer to arrest it in in Wanda March 12th, this 20 miles from the smarts home. Elizabeth first told Sandy police that her name was Augustine and said that Mitchell and Wanda were her parents. Gradually told Sandy police that she was Lizabeth's smart and did not tell them she was been kidnapped after being held against her will. In fact, she told police, you guys think on the Elizabeth's smart girl who ran away out ran away. I like that, huh? You buy it? Nope. No. Just putting it out there for your proposal. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless. Yes, sir. I just wanted to let you know that I agree with everything you say. George, go back on vacation, you bitch. How do you like that? One of your people? Same guy that's called to three times though. What do you mean? That's the guy that said, go back, bring back me and her boy guy. It is not. Okay. So you want to reduce it all down to one? How about that poll that we took? Yeah. Do you hate George like poison? There were 452,000 votes? Well, he lives well on the one that people could have admitted to it. There were two embarrassed to admit that they liked it. Well, that's right. We didn't tell you about that poll. We did another one. Who do you like, but you'd never admitted in public? That's one that you took and I was gone for the end result of it. Yeah, you did very well on that. You did a lot better than I did. How do you like that? In fact, who won that? I'm thinking George might have... No, no, yeah. I think you were in like second or third place, but you're trying to think... Oh, it was a very manual. Wow. You learned he's there. I can't remember that. You went very manual. Always think you guys together. You got a little bit bigger one. Shons. Come to the QAM? Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Do you think Osama and Sadama are getting somewhere or not? Somewhere together, and he's laughing about the poll thing? No. What were these two guys? How come we don't hear any about these guys? You got like a thing over your phone? No, just a wire. A SARS mask? Two people. And you're a giant wire shot? Is this any better? Not too good. Coming back on a real phone. Okay, and he sounds like a little money with you. You're a... Wrong. It was not good. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon. Don't you think that Sadama and Osama are sitting around having some latte together right now? Yeah, they're having a special impression. If I maybe they're at that... What is the name of that place on small velet club that... Ah, geez. Just thought to... Of talent. Okay. See, leave it to me, man. I'm telling you, I passed you. Like you were standing still. I'm going through my second... Citylity here. And you're like... I'm gonna... I'm gonna... I don't even know the head this morning. Jarred your head. Let's see, Bucky Dale. I went 102 to the half. Francis so here opened by five lines. So he's a part. You know that Jack raises his still corner races at Hazel Park. The first time I ever went to the track. 1960, Michigan State. And my friends from Detroit slipping the Hazel Park to the race track. I never got to the track in my life. First one of a two bucks to show on Eldor Janko. Number nine would Don McElmery, Western peace. And the horse won. I got 280 for two bucks. But anyway, and Jack Riggs was corner races back then. And he's still corner races at Hazel Park. 43 years later. He's a good guy, Jack. He's boring, but he's a very good guy. Okay. Okay. I just mentioned that because there'll be people who's really boring. Well, who cares? He's boring. George is boring too, but he's... Well, like I said, Jackson, we've got five... Five, six, seven, five, five, five, 60. Pound five, 60, all the 18. George don't even have a ball spot. All the way is gray, man. You have turned so prematurely gray. I started with 117. Wow. Must've known that he was going to have that unwanted kid. Must've known all this ice horse that was coming. They have to keep running away to North Carolina. Must've had a premonition. Like, charities always have it on passions. Don't miss passions today, by the way. It's an un-missable episode. Especially when Miguel sticks his tongue 14 feet down charities. 27 past 11 at 5, 60, WQM. If you've got 27 feet of baldness, if you've got like a big, big, gaping hole where your hair used to be, don't feel too bad because you've got a lot of company. Almost every guy sooner or later gets that big bald spot. And some guys, while there are a lot of different things you can do about it. You can pop those dangerous pills. Maybe kid, yeah. Certainly, won't grow any hair. You can put those big holes in your head and it looks like you're drilling for oil. Have blood dripping out over your forehead like Mr. Eagle. You can put a dead animal on there like the Momeister and people from coast to coast to be laughing their ass off at you. Or you can go to Vissima Goodbuddy Chuck Alphiari, which are these natural hairline system. If you had a trillion dollars, no matter how much money you had, you couldn't get you a better looking pair system than natural hairline system because it looks like real hair like it's going right on your scalp as opposed to some dead animal on your head. Call today, mention your roggies, take to next week to our bucks off the regular price. 1-800-321-2413. And you have nothing lose but the bald spot because you have that 30 day guarantee. If you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells after 30 days, if you're not getting more action than you can even handle, Charlie refunds the total cost no questions asked. Call today 1-800-321-2413. Get some real good looking hair back or check them out of the web at CharlesAlphiari.com. Bye bye. And more! This is Fort for Real 5-6. We're in 2-8. Beep that jater me! I'm a Latte, I'm a Latte, I'm a Latte, I'm a Latte, I'm a Latte, I'm a Latte, I'm a Latte, I'm a Latte, I'm a Latte, I'm a Latte, I'm a Latte, I'm a Latte, I'm a Latte, I'm a Latte, I'm a Latte, I'm a Latte, I'm a Latte, I'm a Latte, I'm a Latte, I'm a Latte, I'm a Latte, I'm a Latte, I'm a Latte, I'm a Latte, I'm a Latte, I'm a Latte, I'm a Latte, I'm a Latte, I'm a Latte, I'm a Latte, I'm a Latte, I'm a Latte, I'm a Latte, I'm a Latte, I'm a Latte, I'm a Latte, I'm a Latte I'm a Latte, I'm an Latte, I'm a Latte, I'm a Latte, I'm a Latte, I'm a Latte, I'm certainly talked to a- oddle in summer on Sunday 8 P.D. Agnes! I spoke to five and I was at the R encont cheer for you the most, who a fellow of US population who has served rear-er the bums, runs over shelves, including the hot summer frost to even weight our getas fake sheets, the first organisation has chosen 25 000 these players, and I was coming up at a 9 dire version. population in the Middle East. Ganges cons grandson birthed the city in the 13th century, and so it was said the Tigris River ran black with the ink of books. Yesterday the black ashes of thousands of ancient documentaries filled the skies of Iraq. Why? That's what he wants to know. Anyway, you might want to read that. You might want to prove that along with our other 7500 outstanding stories on our website. The most dangerous person in the world today we asked today on eoranges.com George W. Run it away with it over 41% out of 471 votes he's got 194. Osama if alive been lodin 61 Kim Jong-Eol 46 Dick Cheney if alive 43. Mohour David if alive debatable 39 John S. Croft 22 Ariel Jerome 19. Donald Rumsfield 19 Richard Pearl 10 Paul Wolfowitz 8 Rupert Murdock 8 and Sodom if alive who's saying he's been reduced to a small pair. How do you like that? Can I believe that people can't see that game tonight? Shame on South Florida. Other groupies not to be there. I would be surprised at least TV is we show an a game from the other night again right now. You know there's the fan cam. But in the playoffs I'm really concerned about the injuries. I think the 30 Gilmour is right. Because I'd like to just be against the first and the him being a friend of mine. But I think he's a lot to offer and yeah good old dug a Gilmour good Kingston boy. We want to see Thomas instead and how about that be and you're always knocking Brian Murray George always rocking BM making fun of his little speech defect and things like that and it was mighty Dutch man and like to sweep the winch They're on their way. W to Q a m. Good morning. Yes, man. Is he on the pay. And back to you. How big are you? Pardon? Did I do that right? You did a perfect. Not bad for midwest or in the mid-west or in the mid-western. For midwest and going. Yeah, well, I'm not anymore. I've rejected religion. Good for you. But can you play stuck in a temple with Jews today? Sure. That would be great. During the 12th to one. Or I could do it right now. Oh, okay. See you. I got the feeling that something arrived. Yeah. What on are my current? Don't take it off. If you've seen your rabbi say model tall. Schwaps to the left of me. Pots us to the right. He r I am stuck in a temple with you. I don't want to play it the way I want. And I know that I don't like my sub-bals. Schwaps to the left of me. Pots us to the right. He r I am stuck in a temple with you. Well, you're in your daddy's business. What you claim to do is something man. Then your uncle's side comes over. As if you're in your daddy's business. What you claim to do is something man. Then your uncle's side comes over. As if you're a baby land crew. Boy! 21 till noon. That was great. Yep. The ending night. Now the whole thing is great. Nice gone K.J. How's he doing? He's still stepping his little girl around like a prize. He's great. Oh, look at this. There are from the inside. There goes the ex-temperatus. I'll put a lead and wish claim between horses. There's a little bonus harness racing coverage for our friends at Pombo Park from Dover Downs. When they have the slots by the way Dover Downs, which is why they have those gigantic persons in great racing and they got 80 Davis, 90 Davis, Junior and George Dennis, 90 Dennis, and all the guys have the same last name. It's great. I'll tell you that it's really great. And that's old-year-old. My blood pressure is so damn good. I can't believe it. You know, it's dang good as buddy buddy pet packs would say. Because I'm a part of the reason being that I'm taking that old-year-old for blood pressure. They got all kinds of different products for different health needs. Old-year-old is the finest olive oil that money can buy. I can buy with all kinds of good stuff. To help you improve your health. Old-year-old if you did can help reduce the risk of heart disease, high cholesterol. And now there are 14 different oleomide formulas for which to choose, which you can choose from that you can buy from. Each one combining pharmaceutical great olive oil with vitamins, minerals, herbs, to support specific health needs from your bones, to your blood pressure, your immune system and lots more. Just pick out the formulas that are right for what you need. And now there are three new oleomide formulas when to help you sleep. Alien and bush clean coming to the outside. While greens, whole food markets, Navarro, Zensidano, is out. Order an online at the oleomideamerican.com. If you want to get more information about the great oleomide products, some of them can do for it. Call them toll free. 1-8-6-6-Oryoman. 1-8-6-6-6-6-6-3-6-333 for better health. Start popping some oleomide in your post today. 360. Bring it over your top. PUN! PUN! PUN! PUN! PUN! PUN! PUN! PUN! PUN! PUN! PUN! PUN! PUN! PUN! PUN! PUN! PUN! PUN! PUN! PUN! PUN! PUN! PUN! PUN! PUN! PUN! PUN! PUN! I grow up, I'm black. When I get sick, I'm black. When I go out in the sun, I'm black. When I go out in the cold, I'm black. When I get scared, I'm black. And when I die, I'm still black. But you, my white man, when you're born, you are pink. When you grow up, you are white. When you get sick, you are green. When you go out in the sun, you go red. And when you get cold, you turn blue. When you get scared, you turn yellow. And I have you as time of my life as when white people die. You turn purple. And you got the jammer to call me, call it. 145 at 5.60. WQAM. Happy Wednesday, too. Here's one that says, if I please, please, please play. How about convert any good? Would you? I think they mean oral strikes. I think they mean, when our good friend Laura Schwartz will have that in the room to one hour in the al-Commity Bits hour. We'll have a lot of juice stuff for it. There's a piece of sauce. I don't think, I don't know. Nobody really did tell me what I'd mock to fry stuff and the first guy. I don't know, but that sounds so bad. Nobody said crap. They don't? Did Jesus eat that if it's satire with the last supper? Yeah. There's a matter of fact. That's what he has to over. He's the unlovered. Oh, gee, I'll pass on that is what he keeps saying. Moken data like that to the mottable soup. 5, 6, 7, oh, let me do this to article. Okay, because we don't have hardly any coal on there. Which is okay. That's all right. Don't bother me. We actually had some pretty good people today. A few ladies. Yeah. Including some real ones. But this anyway, I made mention of it. But ballots can keep bullets from flying. A call to register for peace on Tompain.com and since. Any responsible war of choice, lunch by an arrogant administration with shifting justifications and heatless of world opinion, has sparked a new wave of activism in the US. All right. See, this is flying in a face of all those pool numbers. They keep giving us the one interesting pool to me is the moment where if the election were tomorrow and they don't even aim any candidate, Bush would only get 51%. Uh-huh. Doesn't sound like the 73% approval rating they keep saying the answer. 51% the rest of us say, ah, not so quick. Anyways, as millions of Americans have been distressed in Sliceball to protest your Bush's push for a pre-active war against Iraq, but Mr. Bush wouldn't listen. He dismissed protesters in their concerns. Well, he listened any better if everyone's who attended a March pledge to vote in 2004. Or if in addition, everyone who carried a sign made a speech in an email wrote a letter or a letter candle for peace committed to register one new American voter every month between now in the next presidential election. But he get the message of a groundswell of new peace voters went to the polls in 2004 and showed how regime change can happen peacefully. Do the math. Let's say that two million Americans participated in some way in protests against the war. There's no way of knowing what we think this is a conservative estimate. Say each of them commits to registering one new voter every month between now and election day 2004, that would yield 36 million new voters registered for peace. Some 56 million Americans are eligible to vote, but are unregistered according to U.S. Census. Of course, that would be unprecedented, but a register for peace drive would be hugely significant if it's not up even three million new voters. More important still would be a massive get out the vote effort aimed at all peace-minded citizens, newly registered or otherwise. The same activist doing a registration might commit to phoning each of 10 or 20 peace voters once per month and then weekly in the month before election day. A go-TV effort like that could increase turnout by millions in November 2004, this would be one peace demonstration the president could not ignore. Peace means more than just anti-war at some arises in award the concept of economic and environmental justice, civil rights, equality, democracy and compassion. With that understanding in mind, peace organizers can broaden the call for a massive registration and go-TV effort. The ACLU will soon announce that its membership has grown 33% since 9-11, a sign that the public perceives the administration's home-line security policies as a threat to civil liberties. Likewise, the more the public comprehends the anti-invirtual aid agenda pushed by the White House and its friends in Congress, the less they like. See our club membership has us up 15% as Mr. Bush came to Washington and polls show shrinking support for the Bush economic program as Americans grasp the profound implication of the president's Robin Hood and reverse tax policies. Clearly, preemptive war and new-delanable foreign policy are just two issues that American minds and register for peace movement by benefit from these new public concerns. It might also find support among Americans suffering from lack of health insurance and among seniors unable to afford their prescription drugs. Everyone loves a winner in the uprising route in Iraq by our best in the world US soldiers chaired on by TV news as produced as spike in American public support for military action in Iraq. It also proves how overblown the Iraqi threat was to begin with. The White House obviously hopes to sustain it by shaking the world they saw it at new targets like Syria and by crying we told you so while pointing to the discovery of very chemical or biological weapons labs. Those opposed to the eventualism in Iraq and elsewhere must not heed the Trump and certitude of hawks they must answer with determination to make change. The Centers, the Spirits, Design Patriotic by some hawks undoubtedly, caused President Bush to think twice before launching his preemptive war despite his fainting difference. Demonstrators need the defended side and or excuse his illegal weapons. They did however seekaway to disarm the dictator that would strengthen not weaken the national community and one that would avoid all out war. What's clear now is that the changes they saw and still seek need more than vigils, marches and chance, political leaders who want to wage war may be deterred by everyday people register for peace and promise to vote. Balots can keep bullets from flying. Pretty good on Tompane.com. I'm going to vote. I got my this heavy metal placement voters to registration card after I burned the other one. Yeah. And I'm going to do it. Huh? Good. I'm going to throw it up a letter because I was pissed off about that whole, I don't even know if my vote counted to be honest with you. Didn't you vote for Becannon? Go. I did not vote for Becannon. How do you know? I'm not in Palm Beach. The five minutes to post. Okay Frank, just calm down. Will you please? I think we ought to play the driving movie channel. All right. Have a regular segment. You can do it. What do we say now? Search and destroy. Look at this for the glory. South yet in the midst of official brings in. Goodly, Ben. Did you have a fall? I saw. Oh, filled in Niagara Falls. Real tourist trap. You ever been there? Nope. No. Okay. 560, 560, pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line QAM. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Could you buy any camps for you from positive above what happened in this war? No. Why not? What was that? Well, I don't have to read it. Why don't you tell me what happened. Besides, Sodom is gone. What else? Well, I mean, someone was saying when he was there, the carnage he created was far worse than the long run than what we've done. How do you know that? Well, because freedom is going to come out. Freedom is going to rank. Let me ask you this. How come when he was gassing the Kurds? How come nobody in this country, including Rumsfeld and Reagan, said anything about it? I have no answer for that. But our intelligence. Well, well, but I mean, you have to have any you thought about that. Have you wondered why? Well, sure. I think it was the most ruthless dictator in the world. How come five years ago when the Dick Cheney was sitting on a board of directors at Halibut and they were doing multi-billion dollars business with him if he was so corrupt and broochering his own people? Well, you know, I can say, what you're saying? Well, why is it you want to answer my question? Because I don't have an answer for that. Well, I'll go find out some. Okay. Don't go call here and ask me to try to make something positive about this butcher either we just did. Okay. That turn on any your TV networks. Okay. Turn on Fox and CNN MSNBC in that order and you'll see all this wonderful thing. You'll see MSNBC with a bolt and board there with the pictures of these soldiers. Hopefully, also live, but we know they're not. I don't know if I think positive about this. He called before. Well, you know, I was going to ask all the people over there right now. How positive it is here in assistance. Look at it. Look at the show on TV right now on CBC. But of course, you can't see it. Has been pathetic. Just tragic. Just like an Afghanistan. We bumped into the Stone Age and then we left and Humbercars ISIS all the promises that they made to us didn't keep them. They just got up and hauled ass like they did the last time and all the wardwards have come back and take it over again. Don't don't tell me about how glorious and wonderful the war was until we see something positive happening and by the way, General Jake Garner and his Chalabi guy, Ahmad Chalabi. They don't want any part of these people run in their country. Chalabi has been there for 48 years. Plus, the fact is he's a convicted smuggler. I mean, extorter. Scumbag. Don't confuse these people to fix. Can you say something, pardon, no, I can't. The only thing positive I can say is thank goodness it didn't last any longer. We didn't put you anymore into some people and lose any more young lives of Americans and Brits. That's what I can say. It was needless. There was anybody who died there for any good reason that anybody can tell you. And when it in this business of weapons and mass destruction, where are they? I'm just asking you. That's right. They're all in Syria now. They smuggled them all across the border. Underground and that underground railroad they have. The fact that the witness surprised me if they're over there with Sodom right now. He's probably getting this right to start up again. Syria? I mean, what one day they're telling us about how great they've been on helping us fight terrorism and I know the Syria's are scumbags. But nevertheless, that we just tell them this then months ago and now, now all of a sudden they got this and they got that. I'll say it again. We shouldn't give Israel one penny in a 48 ever again until all of those settlements are cleaned out. That you then you'd see how fast all those people go back where they're held a long and then sit down at the peace table and talk some real sanity instead of this nonsense. Or they keep taunting these lunatics, these suicide bombers and doing nothing. It's like your game of chicken, you know. You come and get us a little back and we'll kill a whole bunch of your people and a sit men and women and children. It's pathetic. But then again when you keep looking at the various reasons that we're into that game, we got these fundamentalist Christians now. The board against oh yes Israel's got to be our ally under any and all circumstances because fill in the blanks. Right. Armageddon, baby. That's right. So they can be the pawns in our nasty sick game eventually. They don't know what yet, but we know what they're going. 11. 54 or 5. 60 WQM and this is Brandy's 20 50 year in business and a shoe business in Papar obit and board they agreed so that's why they've been around so long. They offer you a fantastic unbeatable selection of men's of women's famous brand shoes like rock ports, echoes, nefisto, timelind, cars, S.A.S. Four shaman lots more. But that was beautiful. See. Maybe it was that the street need. Then there's the wide range of sizes at Brandy's men's 6 to 15 women's 5 to 12 and the very narrow to the very wide. Even if it got big giant their feet like Tom Willing and void a heat look good last night or what and don't forget the professional sales tab at Brandy's. They'll take really good carry make sure you get a perfect fit every time and with over 40,000 pairs of shoes in stock in their 8,000 square foot mega store you'll almost never hear. Sorry, Mr. we just don't have your size in that shoe. So head for Brandy's. Take your puts he's over there and get a great deal every time because they always have a special sale going on. Brandy's shoes you'll find them at 12, 90 North Federal Highway in Papar obitio and daily 9 till 9 every Sunday 10 till 5 and don't forget all this week at Brandy's. It's a great time to buy S.A.S. shoes. Take 20% off all men's of women's shoes. S.A.S. doesn't be sure to visit Brandy's on the web if you like at Brandy's shoes. Brandy's shoes. . Hey emperor iliana. Las. And I like robbing my smelly gorilla ass WITH Soakedo made from shoes. And listening to that mean. I'm gonna ease the hour. Sikai and premiers Roberto. Millians have converted for fun and puppet. Now you two can turn your pagan ways around at Earl Strites' Will convert any goi for just 99.95 That's right. Listen to one of our successful graduates For Kim, I shall learn Malakhe, I shall learn At Earl Strites' will convert anyone into a Jew Malakhe, I'm a child of foreign people Translated means sorry, I must have left my wallet at home Translated means sorry, did you make sure to give me a kosher meal? Translated means sorry, did you make sure to give me a kosher meal? Me, no, I'm a child of foreign people Translated, yes Rabbi, the check is in the mail Yes, you two can convert into a Jew for just 99.95 That Earl Strites' act now and get a free heart side candle for just $10 Earl Strites' will convert any goi for just 99.95 Or more if we can Hamla, Ham, how the hell must we read backwards for Christ's day? I took a kosher meal, Bonakhe They say the future being bad for me Now I can't get no job Cos I don't got no little rithy As talking like a new big road If I didn't stop the hell this way Now I can't do nothing But my heritage says that's okay Change my name to chew crow Try to do set the quota in a can, lad I remember when I was stealing All the white pants cars hanging outside The building there, bar, crime, the bruised out poverty White nipples got snowed y'all foe me and try to pass Throaty barn, McWhip, my lot of jails now, I got to go in cell mode Crackle King, crackle King, crackle King, crackle King, crackle King Crackle King, crackle King, crackle King Loading what a boring song Bionic's make me sound funny God's nothing to do with literacy Now I got to make my money They were pooms out good to me I got plenty unnothing He bought a thing getting me anywhere Maybe I was mugging a old white bitch Steel a purse and full of hair Then I got to take the money By a cereal and a fridge a day I remember when I was stealing all the white pants cars Hanging outside the building there, bar, crime, the bruised out poverty White nipples got snowed y'all foe me and try to pass Thoughty barnick would get my lot of cash now Carmer, carmer, carmer Cast to go in cell mode crackle King Crackle King, crackle King, crackle King, crackle King Crackle King, crackle King, crackle King, crackle King Crackle King, crackle King, crackle King Just a reminder for our radio listeners That the end of the world is going to come next Tuesday at 430 p.m. And the department of health has requested homeowners To unplug all electrical appliances Turn off radios and TV sets And disconnect gas stoves and furnaces The post office recommends that you mail early in the day And for those with automobiles Alternate side of the street parking will be suspended That's the end of the world next Tuesday at 430 p.m. Market down Oh, crackle just was giving me some poop play Close the feeling it meant me misace Turn it blue and get in the computer to go I guess I died at 57 years old I'm not a cornering I'm a cornering old babe Oh, crackle King, crackle King, crackle King, crackle King Oh, crackle King, crackle King, crackle King Is anyone there? I think this is probably room No matter No terrible mistakes We're in the ground I passed out on the good good good cry Oh, no, stop the next And take care I guess they don't need me anyway I just let it fall down Crankle King Oh, no We live in gay in the world today Take everything you've got Now you want to be legally married Just because you're squat Wouldn't you like to get away Sometimes you want to go Where everybody knows you're gay I hear that key West is okay You want to be down on your knees Your silence awesome going on You want to go where everybody knows you're gay You're gay Being gay in the world today I think it's really nuts Your lifestyle makes you smile You like big hair, rebutts But don't you hear those star keys saying Sometimes you want to go Where everybody knows you're gay I think that lets be in so great I keep on the lips right by your hips From a girlfriend seems okay You want to go where everybody knows you're gay You want to bend for your best friends But I sing on his cake You want to go where everybody knows you're gay There was a no farmer who lived on Iran He's had in the middle Just shaking his fist at some boys who were down by the print There feeding the water There hands on their marbles and glavings And at half past four There came a young lady She looked like a pretty young creature She sat on the grass She pulled up her dress and she showed them her ruffles and laces And white-lucky dark She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children So they would not spin While the boys in the bar yard were shoveling Refused and litre from yesterday's hunt While the girl in the middle was robbing her I let the fellow down by the dark He looked like a man with a side of a home In the country with a big fence out front If he asked her phone like this She showed him her little pet dog Who was subject to fit And maybe she'd let him grab hold of her small tender And with the movements so quick And then she'd bend over And suck out his candy So taste the meat of butter sky And then he's spread whipped cream all over Her cookies that she had left out on her shelf If you think this is dirty You could go f*** yourself We'll meet again If we don't Wonduct on From the boys caught tell That left us all this way But we both ended up Line of circles It was our duty But the bombs dropped from the stars From far away Maybe we should have paid attention A little bit more To the bats we just we've known The price of campus declined But I'm afraid that the mine won't be We'll meet again With our home That my boy Civil rights will be restored One sunny day We'll meet again If we don't Wonduct We'll meet again We'll meet again With our home We'll meet again With our home That my dad Civil rights will be restored But what's sunny day Coupled on I'm 567 WCM Good news for the guy that called before That was up second We'll meet again Good news stories about the war In Iran Yeah Here you go US troops open fire in a crowd Hostle will be new Pro US governor in the North and Iraqi city of Mosul Yesterday coming at least ten people And in drink as many as a hundred Witnesses in doctor said The incident overshadowed the start of US broker It's getting out a post-Sautumn Iraq And could ignite anti-US Sentiments park in protest and Baghdad And at the talks in the southern city of Nazaria Recently hostile toward the new governor in the northern oil city Mosul on Al Jabori is he was making a pro US speech There are perhaps a hundred wounded and ten or twelve dead A spokesman said at the city hospital Very nice a good story about the war in Iraq That's right There's some good news for you Ten past noon is five sixty WCM It's our big Wednesday noon to one hour All comedy bits we enjoy it a lot Don't we? Yes we do I like I tell you what else you'll enjoy getting out of a dead end job And starting to get to a real career and a new high pay A paycheck every couple of weeks And how do you do that? You make one easy call to our friends at fast train That's the deal They're all over town out so there's no excuse anymore To continue when you're dead end job When it just foreshadowed months you can be fully trained And starting out on a new high-paying computer career Call today one eight six six fast train Fast train offers convenient day evening and we can classes for you And of course because they're all over town Is about to be a fast train location nearby you In Miami Kendall, Pembroke, Pines and Fort Lodderdale Check them out on the web if you like it fast train.com And be sure and register at fast train.com To receive your free American flag bumper sticker So quit working for some schmuck quit working for a peanut's like Bozo the elephant and get yourself a read career with a training you get it fast train Call them today There is absolutely no obligation called toll free one eight six six fast train This is for 205 city 2 AM Music Listen up if I can't win now No specific threats of the joy Yeah, think there are hopes they could give me a stroke I think that I just will ignore it Yeah, live my life Enjoy the ride in my life I can't imagine Here is a nice day There's a new prescription drug whose name says it all Side effects Finally a prescription medicine that always gives you more than you'd expect Side effects Isn't it time you experienced side effects? They cause loss of blood loss of hearing loss of virginity Vertigo impate go impadence and prison and shrinkage of the genitals And large amount of the genitals softening of the brain softening of the school Loose tools barstools towed stools huge free historic bats sweeping out of the sky Eeding your dog howlotosis howlty berry berry berry berry mannel Rectal bleeding rectal numbness numb nuts chest pains hunger pains dry mouth cotton mouth large mouth small mouth health mouth Side effects is perfect for everyone not intended for women who are pregnant women who are meant men who are pregnant children with dogs Children with dogs who are pregnant the elderly the young kitty cats deep Perry cat poles Tag holes who are pregnant and pregnant pauses Indus flavors like these Ask your doctor or pharmacist about side effects And find out if it's responsible for the mysterious postulent growth under your left arm pit Side effects Endured in another accident if you be in hurt in the work plane If you been accused of planning the murder of innocent people Then come on down to the law of his resolve More on earth for our armoured armoured Yes, the law of his own mom and more on the path We were to are ready best to defend you no matter which my howl but take your case And we will be charging much less than the few in the dozen to Kobe and my ear Is it Kobe and my ear like you? No matter what you have done Every Mohammed in our obitus will work hard to make sure that you are soon out of your safe piece for J.A.S. And living in your parent bombed out home land Wondering Is that just the long white crowd or is that be it you two And atma Amma, amma, amma, amma, amma, amma You pain only confused unless you win in which case you could give us that 10 thousand dollars They would not accept that they are like simulator school There is no need to mull over this decision Call Mohammed Mohammed Mohammed Mohammed Mohammed Mohammed Mohammed Because even though you are not big loser You're going out to be a loser in court Visa Mastercard and coach Exceptive And now it's time for leave it to Aziz Starring Barbara Billingsley as June Cleaver Thank you, Mohammed, as Ward Cleaver And the irrepressible Azizborn as the Oz Oh, good morning Aziz Oh, f*** you, Mohammed Oh dear, I can see someone woke up on the wrong side of the van Oh, good, buddy, I can't believe I'm much more hitter What a f***ing shatter Shatter Close Sharon Is that one of your friends from school team? Good morning, Aziz F*** you, dad Get out of my fight Now, Aziz, let's no wait to talk to your father See, son, what happy you got playing for today Or you may whatever you're playing for today What? Oh, no, just one of the principles of darkness after hand out of f***ing our channel I'm gonna go fight ahead of a boss at any hospital I was at... You have fun now, okay, Aziz Sure, I'm gonna go f***ing your show We hope you enjoyed this episode of Leave It to Ozzy Two new next week when you hear Aziz say F***ing Bobby up Baby, launch a couple missiles To our place we know Ha ha ha ha Hey, my Matt of Bella Who's first name begins with HOO There's one thing we all understand You're palkey to won't be finished Until we blow up Pakistan All right, we could chase a round forever With our tanks and all our troops That special forces are so tired Of jumping through the emboos You'd probably need another airplane Let's cut out all the nonsense And we'll blow up Pakistan How pit a need to nuclear tank Why don't we stop pussyfoot And we'll blow up Pakistan And we'll blow up Pakistan And we'll blow up Pakistan And we'll blow up Pakistan And we'll blow up Pakistan Pakistan Yeah BOOM 1226-560WQM-Happy Wednesday Two, what a great day I don't know what it does They're just something near I can smell it Anyway, look at the phone is ringing out That means there must be another package downstairs Nine of sighting Maybe Brian's probably You think so? Probably Brian Wilson Maybe somebody is teddy bear I'll tell you where you can go All you people look like a big teddy bear Or like Brian Wilson You know like fat Here's the answer The lights are westboken And entire store That's devoted to you Not just a shelf or two And it's got a few Atkins items over here And a couple of low carb things over there And entire store to help you slim down Over 700 low carb sugar free products in is one great store So whether it's the number one atkins dot How's he doing by the way Have we heard any update? Nope I've been in a mask Whether it's the number one atkins dot Or any low carb sugar free dint The lights of us focus your low carb super store Comment in sample some of their newest bakery products Like those chocolate cupcakes and brownies By carb control with only one effect of grams of carb Persevering and deetalicious And don't forget to let's incredible selection of low carb pasta So us as dressing cheese cakes chocolates and their famous Amazing soft syrup cover light ice cream Don't forget to let's us spoke all that can Brad products or 25% off today Next surface a year from my Easter and all day every day Talk to their knowledgeable staff when was the low carb dieting inside and out They're open every day from 10 to 10 And you'll find a lights on the northeast corner of Glaid's road And 441 right next to Boston market and prestigious bokeh Or a lot of old people live Call them toll free at 1 8's like mo one 877 low carb Or shop them on the web at low carb dot com don't forget Your official atkins retail center be the lights of west bokeh Rye and local We're sports radio 560's you and You a Disgusting program I urge everyone to complain to this station Don't fear the taxi car about to drive a federal park You look that mean so quishickery I could tell he was in the dark So I acted out my pop charade And with my arms the trees I made No bug speaks English and immorality I went down to my young man Beach where the weather is nice I walked into a liquor store But the guy there talks real fun I asked him for a pint of cold jim dreaming just not the end of what does that mean The mud is using wish and I'm all That's the corner deline Hell I think I've been Pakistan speaking was smelly Are you going back to the lara I came here I've been here for a year I've learned my ABC I don't say much as gross here I say pretty So get yourself to a classroom quick You're an American now stop making me sick I don't know but I speak English Come on in I'm going to be a little bit too blue There a word they just can't bear Those are words you better than I see Now each time I saw me see Those words are no longer there They believe me Yeah they believe me So so so so so so so so so I got to hot And they took out all the efforts Till they were none Just leave them away Now my song is rated PG Because they removed the propanity Lation never mess with my heart Lation got the very best part They're the best part Yeah they were the best part It's the stuff of the dogs And I got to hot and they took out all the efforts Till they were none Just leave them away They're the best part Boy Oh If you can't find those some of them are rag If the market's our a drama Mama rag If the terror is so crispy Package in this old pink jiffy Don't agree if it's too risky Mama rag Yeah yeah If we have no wildlife with us Mama rag If we think that someone's business Mama rag Oh Oh So to hell with the inspections Let's look up for the election The closure mind and tainted wretched Mama rag All right Fall in line and fall aboard His Mama rag Four of my ex-seeds are borders Mama rag And the grey will call the trees And let's make more not pop the seeds And even if we have no greens and Mama rag Oh Oh Me, Joe He's rich He's handsome He has great taste and furniture And he has 20 beautiful women interested in him But there's a twist He's not interested in that It's Joe homosexual Foxes newest reality romance show See what happens when these lovely ladies try to get Joe's Switch teams But he didn't want to talk to me at all He just wanted to see more pictures of my brother Don't miss Joe homosexual We were supposed to have her romantic dinner together alone But I didn't know he was also bringing clips His friend And be sure to catch the final episode of Joe homosexual When Joe pops the big question Sandra? Yes, Joe Which you? We need me a couple of long for a few minutes Whatever Joe homosexual Right after Boston Public Bathhouse Only on Fox Coming up tonight On inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story We take a good heart, stiff look, and a start-up They were a band that took a while to settle on a name All they knew was that it should probably be a slang word for a woman's breasts They were the Hooters Oh brother, did these guys go through the names? Tonight Chet's Stools The Hooters Manager brings us where footage of several of the bands early club dates Like this 1981 appearance in Cleveland Okay everybody, give it up for the enormous rats Followed by a county fair show and a morning Okay everybody, give it up for the boatfish's top house Finally, at a club in Wisconsin The band thought they'd finally come up with the simpler is better approach Okay everybody, give it up for the *** Hello? Is this being heard? So at last they decide on the Hooters We have a hit and then we find out this new restaurant Shane is so in us and of career You know the restaurants I mean Where they hire the girls with the big bosomes The gigantic jugs, the massive melons, the huge knockout The Hooters, I guess they were about as successful as any band named after breasts could be It's a big juicy, shopping-weight look at show business tonight On inside the mime Wake up in the morning and the rest of the band Your hair is a wreck And your eyes are all cloudy in the can Took us one In the sink Getting your car on the streets are crowded The traffic's a hassle and the bridge is up Get a flat tire And you're running against All us just another day Just another day Just another day I wish we would end If you're walking the work and your bosses of Grouch The workers all losers The copy and the furs is the work You think we don't get your raise To get up and work in the streets There's still crowded The traffic's a hassle and the bridge is still up Get a wreck with the church bus And the nuns are bleeding from their ears Oh it's just another day Just another day Just another day Oh I wish we would end You can't hope for work in the houses of disaster The kids are all scream and then the garbage will To be taken out You smell men's cologne And it's definitely not yours So you start drinking early to forget all your problems It's soon your plaster thrown up in the bowl While the man's rooms doing 360s around you You're drawing a big chunk of lands in your hair Oh it's just another day Just another day It's just another day I wish we would end So you're lost in confusion, you stumble about Wonder why you were born in such a stinkin hell All that you call life So you look for your gun And you hope it's still loaded And you aim at that you're head And you slowly pull the trigger in Twenty-one to one Consiers says we got a package for you Pretty exciting huh? Brunsett his today so it's probably not that Or it's something even more saying than that Maybe it's a cough drops Here's some great stuff for you from Margaret Buddies Tom Lamin Enjoy pre-ed or Hall of Pontiac GMC We're talking about these guys for a long time now Because they're great They love us, they love you and they love other customers too Which is why they've been around for so long And that's in great South they location over 35 years Of making great deals and how to treat the customers right and keep them coming back Here's a bunch of needle deals going out right now at Hall of Pontiac Neil Deal number one Get you zero percent financing for 60 months on every single Pontiac or GMC Instag Neil Deal number two Even more amazing Get up to a $4,000 rebate on every new GMC in Pontiac Instag That is correct get you up to a $4,000 rebate on every new car truck Instag And last but not least Neil Deal number three If you're currently a GMC smartly surs Mark by customer And you'd be driving a Chevy Blazer old Roboto or GMC Jimmy Buy or lease a new Pontiac or GMC And if the $1,000 off the price How can you beat it? Stuff by Hall of Intestrave the all new and powerful Pontiac Grand Prix Too while you're at it. Hall of Pontiac GMC and I great location is 134-01 South Fixie Highway That's who I spent across in the falls Open every day seven days a week For more info on those Neil deals just call the Neil Deal Hotline Tool free That's the Neil Deal Hotline got it At one Triple Eight five three four forty two eleven That's one Triple Eight five three four forty two eleven No forget all Neil deals are submitted to credit approval And the deal is ready for the sales at Hall of Pontiac GMC Who be professional grade My life and love This is for trivial by sixty Way to way Yeah But at the Lord even loves Neil Rogers Back in the day when someone done a strong We didn't take their cry In Pearl Harbor when the japs dropped their bonds We bummed them back And now the Saudis they get us hired And on our cards our little flat wait As the Saudis love and re-tired voice of honors The wrong way And other barons to be in Americans Where they follow rules like she's The United States of Americans And by board tennis and the green they got this country Up Half the late yorks and darkest days and I just have to freeze I don't want to be a tax-american In the goddamn USA What's a few thousand innocent lives Stop living in the past If you want that SUV to drive You're gonna need more gas It's the greatest country in the world They train us to believe And anyone who says that obviously And so forward to these And don't embarrass to be in Americans Where we paid pre-art and pleased Wait a flag and would ask with our hand in the sand And lightly follow the towers that he ever said To the f***ing up watching states from you Who's on a 65 and scream Scratcher balls and pie and everything's OK In the goddamn USA Don't f*** My friends, I believe it's time This country has a foreign Christian leadership For that I need your chicks and money on it Friends, I can assure you I know what's best for you Good little Christians Trying to run our lives With red bold and narrowed thought Friday night Good little Christians You ain't their hate around And power-grabbing for a new third right Good little Christians Freemodging all their kids Grow up believing very tell not true Why do you have to pay? To be the world they always told you to If business leads checks from you Got it's their marketing too Good little Christians Four years in kids did they That's why they never have to tell that truth Good little Christians Harry, do you stand for a while? They like to swap and swing and keep on telling Good little Christians Throw-checking us from ourselves From things of fire in the depths of hell Five of your brains or all the way in Hey, fine, and essentially pack you down the river And throw-checking us from ourselves All right I see the like-oh-what Christians Up-out the Jews and get home Oh, I'd love to Very close rise, healing Very close to those who don't know the Bible Like I know I'm the Seagull Like a white Christian And how we almost think and act the like Not their thing whenever it's appropriate The animals wouldn't make anyone their holy Everybody in the world was white and Christian And look at the same and said the same things Moring I don't think so No to me that would be paradise And the recubbling in ways I see the like-oh-what Christians And how we almost think and act the like All the games black and yet long must die And the like-mode to everybody's Christian and What? Very, it's a very, and he's Gonna get married Very, it's a very, and he's Gonna get married Even handsome young mausto He's got a  home home Has gotacial He's a queer, a wobble Means improvement Nothing weird, facile Bad any choose Bone confusion So binging you Who works frantic Underneath this Mary's up Need a confetti She got to come to me Mary, Mary There is a fairy and he's gone and married They're locating home now His dying and married Don't scare the white house almost She's a fairy And a dark British milk with a Love makes the glass spread Here's a region A foaming  cappella Come and drink! Here's a new store If I could tell you how much I'm enjoying this hour, you probably against the law. The most dangerous person in the world today is, we asked on theorangers.com, 621 votes and George W. has got 263 of them. 42.3% Oshama if alive in Laudon 87, Kim Jong-Eol 53, Low Howard David 51, not bad Moe, Dick Cheney if alive 47, John Ascroft 34, Ariel Surron 23, Happy Paceoff and Cox 303 Richard Pearl 13, Robert Murdock, Paul Wilfowitz 10 and Saad Miffeline who alive who's same five. Small potatoes. Do we ever find out who voiced that thing? The area is everything? Yeah, I found out. Who is it? Can we say? Nobody you know? Say it, Brian. Moe, Laxa. Moe, Laxa. What is it? That's a real name. Moe, Laxa sounds like a shiksa. Yeah. 553 at 560 WQM, Happy Paceover, Happy Good Friday. I mean, unhappy Good Friday or how we want to celebrate not too much macaroni and tuna place, especially the tuna. I'll tell you where the bargains are. Those of you bargain hunters out there to earn one great place called the Swap Shop. Over 88 acres, Chuck full of bargains from indoor and outdoor vendors. The Swap Shop is the busy street hotel location in the world before daylight and at night, the Swap Shop has got the world's largest 13 screen drive in Moe theater featuring great first run movies. Why do so many people be a shop at the Swap Shop? You might wonder because no place else can you see millions of dollars with a brand new brand name merchandise at flea market prices in one great spot and everything you buy at the Swap Shop is guaranteed. Free admission, free parking every day, 7 days a week. The Swap Shop is the cheapest place in the world of shop on Thursdays like tomorrow, be a free buyer or free seller every Thursday, free garage sale space before 5 and a a.m. and Monday's all day long. All of these things and lots lots more waiting on you at the Swap Shop. The ring. Well. That's my sugary. He's really getting over and over into our head. That Iraq has some weapons of past destruction. 3,000 people killed are now forgotten. Let's exploit him and stand. Hey, there's oil to be caught in. Going after sit down to play Keto's summer. There's no longer mention of the name in Lannis. But no one seems concerned on me and complacent. Believe in every word of this cartel of administration. That control this by fear through me and manipulation and a right wing. Is thrilling and over and over and to our head. Are you sure? And Iraq has some weapons of past destruction. The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying. We're all suspects now, not the Ashcroft is saying. I have nothing to hide. Table partners all are saying. Fly no pity and cattle don't have any reservations. Out of provoke, battle ends, world annihilation. Old regime's must fall and have a virgin and stoke. With no objection at all. Tim the crackstone of the fall and the right wing is really good over and over and to our parade waspens. Iraq has some weapons of past destruction. Only Iraq has some weapons of past destruction. Now, this is the book that is actually there in Living Plants. Yeah, we're checking it. Right now, now the comedy services bought that piece, which is the greatest in the right of all that. Right. Well, I'll give you 700 guesses as to why in a first six hundred and ninety nine don't come. Anyway, the mad dog is coming up next. I'm going to let myself on a bat. Great now, and he'll thank you. And the the hump rope will be longer three with his repair during the retry. Bye bye. Bye bye. The weather's so unclicing. The new two aya. My own four more aya. You asshole.