They must be idiots. This is the figure there are too many people there so they couldn't afford to Oh, I guess they had so long ago. We got a few guymen at place. He went sheep on us When he off the ear, Neil, they went sheep on us. They didn't let us have our free ice cream with sprinkles at the games Probably Dan La Bastard stole all of it. Yeah, he's doing a show tonight with Ricky Williams live at the Cleveland or don't forget to join QAM It's near not tonight at 10. How are you promoting him Dan La Bastard? All he wants to do is suck Ricky's ass Oh, isn't it's girlfriend? Hi, too. Who's there to turn day into this rosin house does that Jackie girl? No, they've been boring's wife. We're thinking about what a bad way. Oh, I like her. She's a hotty, right? I managed his wife's good looking to Great I do her and a big rack. Yeah, so I touch it a funny story about this weekend, Neil. I could only think of you with the cheesy fake baseball fans down here It was pathetic man. I want the world to know that Scott for Ralph finally is decided after just a couple of months It's offload is the worst sports town in the entire history of the world. It is I'm pretty sure you know it's great about it is is that the fans may be the worst and the dumbest but at least all the teams win They're winning the Marlons and the Panthers often's win. I think that he I guess those two teams are one way to get a squeak and buy some girls teams What do you want? I mean you just crisis they win you're not happy if they lose you are REC is I don't like the dolphins. You know like any how about those patriots, baby? All right now we're talking I I like I know you like Tom Brady and I bet on them this weekend because he you told me as a nice ass But I can ask you this I'm gonna ask you this question. What you think of Roy getting eaten by a tiger Roy See now you want me to say something really bad taste about that then you're gonna follow it up about being jumping on Dan Snyder's grave The fork had died in a crash. Yeah, but I know and no one cared about him and no and people do care about Roy and I'll be that story just like George says anybody who makes their living exploding animals sooner later It's gonna turn around and bite you when he is It's the rest of the community. I'm concerned about of one community the Jewish community today no one's waiting Oh With my lens with my lens Another beer honey can beer the beer for very good friends So I'd like to tell you about my friend Lance Lance of the gay, but he has the tension He's totally way cute. He's got tight little buns and he has good fashion sense Unfortunately like squirrels so here's my plan I'm going to invite him over to my place and I'm gonna get him really drunk on honey can and then I'm gonna When you want a piece of your friends honey make sure you've got lots of honey can on hand Amen, it's 10 or three. I've just there the reason there was that little brief pause there that you probably got all panic Yeah, I'm doing all I'm just telling up here okay, Tally Ho as what's his name would say Roy if he could He's a little soaked up these days, but he didn't show he are communicated with his doctor. He went Liny move his finger a little bit What that's what he did He's delighted he communicated with his doctor Is what I'm hearing that's room around a Vegas. They said that there's a a mall on the appall has fallen over to mall on Las Vegas as Roy says I'm dying on the hand. Yeah, he's in bed shape and America's really distraught. Yeah, but that aren't you distraught on bereaved No wonder it's you him kipper today. Boy, it's a good thing We got like I said a lot of glamour on and around night even the beast isn't working today because it's you I'm kipper what a phony fat little piece of grap he is a and Clarences working which is usually even a piece there. He ain't working. I heard a lot of bad things about you Clarence from Scott Junior there And I want to get you in hot water, but I heard lots of real problems there with a weekend with all the ball games How about those phony Marlon fans? All right, let's hear it and of course we respond to the G you know if we don't show up you bitch about it Then if we do show up well, so it's just it would be nice to show up like a little more often would be good If you really cared which you don't know But didn't I tell you on whatever day it was last week before the series started the Marlon's would run three in a row I didn't say the first three Didn't I tell you that yeah, I said they would win three in a row and I was I had my thumb right on it. Do you think we could get 1600 votes on that pull that's why I'm strong if we wait long Yeah, we got it where we got 16. No one and I got a little flurry there at the end these people are listening right now It's gonna be I got up to 48 and I scroll in the old thank you Probably those insensitive comments about Roy is that what it was about bro Anyway, we asked on Friday. This was our second pull. We got two for today too is my impending 61st birthday is coming up in less than a month Someone you think is an asshole and hate their work is I'll see the fact that I got 48 votes in her doesn't bother me in least because I I relished that but just Stop and think about how stupid that is because the previous day we asked who do you think is an asshole? But you enjoy their work and I won overwhelmingly so the verdict is having an asshole Which I'm proud to announce that but when you say you're an asshole and you hate their work And you know these people are obviously not only listening, but they go to vote on our website right? What does that tell you? I think they've been in a two long with Roy Anyway, some of you think is an asshole and hate their work is rush limba Papa couple more rush 426 votes wins hands down your pants man George W. Bush was a late edition. He moved up nicely, but not even close to the rush mice. Your 277 for W Well, I think might have a real good shot in our second poll today Mojara David who's very Jewish today now. How come he's not working tomorrow? Do we know no? Because I see guilty is doing the show so load them all? What is that all about just a present? Is that a gift for the a big giant stick to your Appetra? He was written for the giant sitting in the York team the jets the giant? Mojara David had 151 Howard's stern 84 Little George had 74. You sure beat the crap out of me by 26 votes George Rodriguez 74 votes They think you're an asshole and they hate your work I'll see the interesting part of this is if you were doing a show like right now and you took the poll the same number What's he the same thing? We should prove that they still be listening of course there Well, I mean that's an admission at there more ons Goldberg the Humber at 60 these Jewish today so we work and we got Kimbo Bo camp for the Sanctanum Dr. Phil McGraw 58 yours truly 48 actually even beat out and colter how the fuck is huh? Oh, yeah Well, she's a lot Skinner than I'm she had 45 so I beat her out by three early comfortably Hillary had 40 Hillary Rodham Clinton Rosie O'Donnellett Like had 39 fact disgusting out not just slavering Dike Pad Robertson had 37 Hillary 28 all spin all day He's like a washing machine that stuck on the same cycle eight see Wayne didn't belong on there And that was my bad well Wayne didn't belong on that list because He's an asshole we agree on that but we hate his work. What does his work? See if they didn't fit it was out of place whatever he had 21 votes Just out of it. Just how this what maybe it should have been Wayne Newton That would have been good Yeah, that he would have been perfect on there Wayne Newton. We think he's an asshole and we hate his works such as it is Jerry Lewis 18 even when I blow up bull froghead Barbara Strasin 15 Steve King 14 which is double as an parodians Gloria Stephon 13 Bill Gates had a dozen Russell Crow head 12 WQIM Yeah, hi, I think the Neil no Mel Gibson 11 tomorrow not taking calls yet. Okay, save you a little work there Scott. I know Todd Schmidt myster had 10 Jerry springer and Don King each had 10 who's got the best hairdo among that the trio Bill Marhead eight rubber down East junior head eight Steven Sagaal and Richard dryfus and John Henry Chad seven good old John Henry we sure miss him a lot don't wait. Oh, what a shame that the red socks are back in there I must be crazy. I must be nuts little Phil Collins a little munchkin had six Speaking of munchkins if they don't get rid of that them Tony Gwyn Now is the SPN still doing anymore the playoffs. I hope not. I pray. Yeah, they are yeah, they got do the Boston game tonight No, I'm not talking about that, but I mean after this first round Please tell me that they're not I can't tell you that they have the worst damn people first of all Chris Burman is not a play by play guy He's a studio guy who stole an every every everything he does from somebody else and put that back back back That's an old red barber thing. He's not a play by play guy. He's a clown and a got Tony Gwyn on there Who sounds like a fat munchkin? How can you have a good point Scott? That's because he has a fat munchkin. He's awful him and Kirby poke it What yeah, ever seem together? No same person in fact. They probably hang out with Roy Bandies and John Cloud band Dam and Mickey work and Brian Laircross. He's had five a lot of people speak like that Little right in our cross and Tony Gwyn. Same person Greg Reed and sliced a load each head for That drudge Miss dudge had only three then even though that is Sany's so send Madonna and Dick by Tally's head three only one for Dave Barry Anyone at a y cuz these people out of victims of all that hype all that bull crap Dave Barry my ass WCWM Dammit, see I was gonna get our first call that a on there and they hung up already Here's the retired guy WCWM Hey All right my sharper one. I sharp as a guy damn marble make no mistake Oh, I'm sorry. That's right. You're him. Kimper sharp as a munchable. I'm sorry sharp as a type of unhappy holidays. Well, it's not a happy holiday. It's the day of a tournament when the Lord was posted with tone for our sins That when you change the tone around the fact machine. I sure hope Greg Reed is just got an early start on it for anybody's supposed to be a Toning for their sins. He's wearing a two tone to maybe that's why Mo was non tomorrow either It's gonna take him two day to a two days to a tone for his son. I'm a little bit retired Retired Now he's too much of a prick to do that man's your phones now. No, I'll do a squeamless today. I'm in a mood for I got a bug up my ass I'm right good mood today. I am. I don't know what it is, but I'm just in a really a chipper mood Remember two for Jones? No now one on nice move there by the brave's choking him gang That should be a poll question who made larger bigger choking gagging sounds roar or the brave's this weekend You like that pulse gun? I'm out the band that I like that who made bigger gurgling choking sounds was it the Atlanta Braves or See that's in very bad taste and it's for all in the jords that it give me and pardon I've usually I have like a little bit of humanity somebody has some horrible nasty thing I happen like Dan Snyder to kids 25 years old. He's dead hockey player. Hoop Well, he's a dead guy. I see you see by tiger what here's the pull the first pull for today We got pulls up the ass Pull number one at one age to birthday stopping a happy birthday now. This is just your opinion See cuz on in November fifth I'll be 61 and somebody says to me happy birthday I'm gonna slap on the side of the face. I don't want to be a wish happy birthday There's nothing happy about it You could tell me what kind of stuff your friends wants so I could buy you that for your birthday Okay, we would kind of nifty present you could buy a sharper image. How about one of those iconic breeze things for about 500 bucks Sure, the moronic breeze. Yeah, and what a different day stopping happy birthday I'll kind of choices 25 and that I got about 35 and 40 45 50 55 60 65 70 and never For some sentimental slabs after oh, it's never too old to say happy birthday Yeah, like a slack them are a little bit too. Right after we finish off Problem it's after 10. I think you ought to be a you ought to ask the Lord for a forgiveness for your insensibility You're a cruelty or idiot. I'm not wait. But there's a kind of line nine Q. Am chronic line I'm so nervous The old calls the call. Oh yeah, Neil psychic performance baby. I'm batten a thousand Even little baby Ruth never beded like that. I do like a baby Ruth except in a punchball Or the pool. What's the other a butterfinger man? I haven't had one of those in a long time don't give me started with the food They got up I also have another I have a lasagna bug up my ass. I saw some TV spot here before yeah And the neighbors were all bringing the new the people just moved into the hood and they bring them all these gifts and somebody brought a big A thing of lasagna a pan and I looked and not a pan a glass. What do you call that? Caster oldish a big guy very good big casserole of lasagna. I looked at that I thought hmm that's in my blood sugar up to least 400 just looking at it 10 13 at 5 16 WQM on a great Monday. It's you. I'm kippered the Jews are all We got a teacher's workday because the kids are out of school Because we got to pacify the Jews because God forbid that we have kids go into school and we're out That's the way it's got to be politically correct. You don't piss off the Jews If you're underpaid and overworked and underappreciated how about this? How'd you like to get yourself a new high-paying computer career before the end of this year? You can All you have to do is get off your lasi and what even still sit on your lasi s but just reach for it in the phone too and make that one easy call to fast train 1 8 6 6 fast train they can have you train in certified before the end of the year you can be certified like Todd Drak He's sort of file the demand for computer professionals is growing like crazy So there's no better time than right now to get you a new high-paying career fast train offers job placement assistance Convenient the evening weekend skills on what six floor to locations and four right there in South Florida There is bound to be one near you adjust fingers Fast train offers financial assistance for people are qualified to so instead of being like something dangerous like an animal trainer Something like that pick up the phone and call fast training get you some a real high-paying computer job call 1 8 6 6 fast train with these people around those no excuses no mold to stay the dead and crappy job Working for peanuts check them up first on the web at fast train.com I get all the info you're looking for and then call them toll free at 1 8 6 6 fast train Sports radio 5 60 You a I just Larry King and they don't come any better than Neil Rogers I got a drive Seriously when I scratch my thick black as here big look with my comfort off my ass Looks like it's snowing. I mean, you know I got a dander problem like on my scalp Only I got it on my ass too. So I'm thinking what if I get some action with a broad? I need right maybe she gets old pukey on me on a kind of I got asked for late, right? So I asked my pharmacist when he recommends new ass and shoulders shampoo He told me get rid of tough skin diseases like saboreas the rise season. So I'm gonna want to forget right now anyway I've been using new ass and shoulders that are really worse well with her that way He keeps you burning on my thick fat ass and on my head too So get ass and shoulders and who knows maybe you'll get some ass? The game is good. I just made that up. I should be an appetite Do a Hass and shoulder shampoo rest? Who knows maybe you'll get some a pant 1018 at 5.60 WII and I was pretty exciting What we just ahead go under during the break will anba. Yeah, yup. Lookd doesn't have anything to do with me now driving unlikely But there you go. There's Greg again messing up the E出去 holidays Hey Bokpokp the Breك h you know we know we know all about it here's a um email From New Marlon organization to our close personal buddy Ray Perry What is red dude? We know it they he he he's a ticket guy. He's the ticket. They're taking man Their George is a sandwich a guy and this is the ticket guy Please be advised that we've sold out all three games in Miami for the National League championship series the cubs and the marlins Oh my god. What a shame Harry ain't still here to enjoy you know First time in 150 years that the goddamn cubs are in a postseason that they want a serious postseason And Harry's dead. Hey, deal Fuck you back at you Please provide any on air support you can to this message as always. We appreciate your help No problem Susan with a Florida Marlin organization even though we can't stand the Parish on David this Samson and Delilah Here's the let's get wild the playoff pushes on and Let's get wild the playoff run is on how about audio for running phony's out there. Let's go let's fix a man Cuz that one sound all right. Okay How about like Chris Moran would say a hot dog half aboard the a from running play wagon, huh? There's something like brain purged hot dog half aboard But look out for Roy Let's get wild a player. I guess I'll save that. I don't know for what what the Lizense posted prove. I don't know Now what tell did you ever get him the phone number? He was looking for their just now. Yes You did get him off my ass. Okay, by the way, Norma can't don't ever call me again Okay, let's say that something to do with me. Does that mean you want to call you? What does that mean you want him to call you? Calls me here Friday night, but I mean, but I've got all this other crap has nothing to do with me He says all of the game a lot of people said that you were mad at me and that I should call you I saw the first part of that is right And then just proceeds doing it this whole self a grandizing thing. You know see with you I'm sure you know that there are some people in this world. You know some of them everything is about them You know what I mean how much time you're gonna give me right you know what I'm saying Yeah, everything is about them the whole world exists For their convenience and based on them and their needs and their interest and what it's all about them So maybe I can help Norma make some marks for money. I don't know not interested and what age the birthday stopping I happy birthday 54 votes and look at his 25 votes for about 30 men now That's just because that's their favorite drop-in They still really mean that they mean that huh? Let's keep my phone is ringing see you know that if no, I can't That's your thing whistle until I'm gonna go get I can So the technician Was my a concierge I have a package Yeah, you were about your package and I worry about mine. Okay, they much I won't say just say me for the phone ring. I thought maybe it was Norma just still being an asshole just acting like normal always does At what age the birthday stopping having birthday about 30s got 28 never 10 all how sentimental isn't that lovely? But you know who are I'll vote in that? But your feed loaders that want a birthday gift every year. Yeah, well, I mean April 25 Well, what what are these numbers on here? What is that? 7 people said 40 five said 50 two said 60. I was one of those votes. That's a correct answer See in the reason that most of you luckily for you you can't answer that because you haven't got there Yeah trust me what I tell you when it 60 is not a pleasant number anymore I'm going to get to that for you're no far huh? But 30s about right that's when the chicks don't Give her crap about you anymore 35 71 and nobody said 65 or 55 I would have think 65 we get to numbers because that's when you're officially a senior citizen Boy Unless you're in Florida you have to be like 95 they get to be a senior citizen By the way my mother's gonna be getting her 15 year renewal for her driver's license to the male pretty soon I bet and all of her neighbors as well Is that pathetic or what what So you know this are rusting you notice how that kind of calm down now because we got the big California election tomorrow Yeah, but it'll uh it inquires is there's much more where that came from lots more from hills with a new from Lots more coming Anyway 22 past 10 at 5 60 WQM we got no ball games today. We got a pristine schedule except for the fact that we only got go in basically working to save me We have any other Jews that had oh a capples working night of that but that's after sundown That's not your own keeper anymore. So you so I can't give him too many Brian points Because it was from sundown last night till sundown two night. I'm like a man. It's a two. There's a good Jewish boy Humanity for our clock. We got Kim Bo Kamper for Hank who's been professionally Jewish today Ricky William show from the a cleaver South beats seven eight with Dan LaBastard on there Her cool hotline from Tony Rome is at eight. Any K-10 safely long after sundown and Joe and Mark overnight That a democracy hasn't bird worked this morning Don't know Huh Mike XT worked working is working really yeah, well, that's heard for the Jews that aren't Fony that don't celebrate all this foolishness and that don't use it as an excuse to take the day off I should have taken the day off that I wouldn't have had here Greg and there a Pup pup pup ppipi and I'll get out of my life Greg okay doing the same thing again in the middle of my show that he always does You know every that's really the only times I hear from is when he's like having an interest break down WQA and hello Yeah, I help it speaking Meal yes, yes, I You were talking about the ionic reserve pure potassium system. Yeah, I Right, yeah, yes, I work for a company that makes a device to clean the air throughout the entire house Appearance of your Appearance of your five Is this an ozone thing that puts that stench into the room nothing else Just put that a small amount of ozone that you don't even think that Yeah, okay, good luck. All right I see here's a guy wants to use my shoulder pedal some crap. Oh, yeah, because I mentioned the oh the I think which I'm not gonna get it because everybody tells me don't get it the ionic breeze. It's very overpriced right I'd rather get to finish the breeze myself in the ionic breeze they had some expert on over one of the talking head shows over the weekend Talking about air purification. Yeah, a lot of line was just get you a nice good. Hepa filter something rather And it'll happen does it happen out and hepa out? Maybe we can have about Roy see don't even have a plan that is because I got it, you know, and it just fits in sooner later because Roy Foster's work for the station Being out along in a cool zage But sooner later somebody else named Roy comes along could be Roy Orbison all of his been dead to one We're gonna be very Rogers also did too long, but now it's Roy Which what the hell is his name? I don't even know his name anymore. I worry horn right Roy fits in a tiger's mouth That's bad dragged him off like a rag doll and then some of the audience thought it was a part of the show God people are so stupid Drag him off stage like a rag doll and the people thought it was a part of the show. Oh, and that great look at a Hey, nice going there right Oh, he's almost dead if they promoted that up front out of flown out there for it. Yeah, you probably would have paid extra to see her Heartless bastard. I have a heart for the time. First of all, you're meeting this morning to discuss charges against Atlanta Thrasher's hockey player Danny heatley after his teammate Dan Snyder died last night from injuries in that high-speed car crash last week Heatley was from Calgary now faces an upgraded charge of vehicular homicide first degree Which carries a prison sentence of three to 15 years Snyder outbound myra Ontario never began consciousness the 25-year-old center died in hospital from massive brain injuries Police had heatley 22 was driving his Ferrari at about 80 miles an hour on a narrow two-lane road last Monday night When he lost control spun off the road and smashed into a brick and rot iron fence not good The car was ripped in half that it was a pastor was ejected from the vehicle He leap broke his job injured his knee in a crash Let me say it again. He faces an upgraded charge of vehicular homicide first degree which could carry a prison sentence of three to 15 years Punk Drunk punk not into drunk punks, you know just the that when I know very little sympathy I do have some of the for Bro, yeah Even though like you said yeah, it's a true point people like like the snake canlers It's just a matter of time with most of the elephant You see the news all the time you know they can go along for a year or two years even like maybe a whole bunch of years How many years did this guy do that act in Vegas? Well, I mean it must be in the story here like 17 years something like that is No, not a 13 years because I saw the guy his manager but it says here No combining magic tricks with Tiger's done's horn and sick-free fishbocker have performed as a duo on the Las Vegas script for nearly 30 years it says here that amazing So we got Roy and we got That nice when that consider it we needed to go see we knew we had the two drop-ins We have a tiger now the tiger's tigers by the way avoided the worst record in history of baseball See that ties in too Because I want it last day 27 past 10 let's all get whipped up now. What was it? Where we supposed to see again? I I'll call you in the board. No, no, no, let's get wild a playoff pushes on okay? That's here it about your running phony fans all 150 million of it just climbing over each other all of a sudden They found money the same people who couldn't find buckstering of regular seen oh This is a big event softboard is a big like Scott said it's the worst sports town anywhere in the world Magnumistic about and he is a Tension on you mortgage shoppers out there is this new copy. I can't believe it. Oh my god. Let's hear it for tied drag Tension on you mortgage shoppers the following message could save you tens of thousands of dollars interest Oh, it's not new interest rates for home loans are shooting up dramatically But there's still an interest rate available. It's just 1.95% That's right confidential group toll free at 1-800-940 It's true the economy's changing so if you've been thinking about refinancing your home or if you might move up to a better real estate investment confidential group 1-800-940 land with 1.95% you'll get a hundred thousand dollar loan with payments of only 368 bucks a month a $200,000 loan for only $736 a month Call financial group now gets yourself the low 1.95% interest rate even praying and looking and hoping for But you better hurry cuz interest rates are climbing In 1.95% financing with financial group. I call that toll free number one easy call 1-800-940 L-E-N-V there were an equal housing lender credit restrictions apply rates. I'm good change monthly 5.19 APR My This is for video I know but man, I trust you are true. Neals not here today Instead the management of WQA app and all their infinite wisdom is proud to present And another goddamn sport show What would if they call my hundred-dollar friends for calling in today? Boom balls and day the hello Hey, what's up buddy? How's my hundred-dollar friend? Okay, what's going on? What about sport? Yeah, not much in this town, man Yeah Bobbie new Today, well, that's that's good my hundred-dollar friend Hey, you want to feel like a man like a sports man. Yeah, sports kind of guy. Sure. All right You ready? Yeah, I'm ready. I'll start okay. Okay. Here we go Go I thought it was gonna say. I like the wee wee. I thought it was gonna say that. 1033 at 560 WQM on happy young kippur. That Greg Reed man, this guy's in, he could piss off the pope, you know what if the pope was like a lyrden enough to get pissed off? I don't think so though. What are we gonna say when the pope pushes off? Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, right. When he gets promoted to have the signs out. Packs on. Arnold, I'm plug. Here's the best article I think I'm ever gonna read on the ear in his dear My life. This is from the British Observer. Greg Polanst writes Arnold unplugged its asterlob feast at a nine billion dollars of the governor need to reselect it. This, I want you to listen very carefully now, you're gonna do it now. Yeah? Alright. This may be a given idea what this is really all about and where the hell he came from and why he's gonna win in spite of all these allegations and all this. His love child and they breast the grabbing and groping in the squeezing. Greg writes, this is not Greg Reed, Greg Polanst. It's not what Arnold Schwarzenegger did to the girls' decade back that you'd raise an eye according to a series of memorandas our office obtained today. It's his balance with the boys in a hotel room just two years ago. That's the real scandal. The wannabe governor has yet to deny that on May 17, 2001 at the peninsula hotel in Los Angeles, he had consensual political intercourse with Enron Chief in Kenneth Lee. Also, frolicing with Arnold and Ken was convicted, stocks would learn Mike Milkin. Now 34 pages of internal Enron memorandas have just come through this report as facts machine. Tell all about the trist between Maria's husband and the corporate con man. It turns out that Schwarzenegger knowingly joined a hush Russian counter as part of a campaign to sabotage a Davis-Vustamani plan to make Enron and other power pirates den ravaging California pay back the 9 billion dollars in illicit profits they carried off. Here's the story Arnold doesn't watch it here. The biggest single threat to Ken lay in the electricity lords is a private lawsuit filed last year under California's unique civil code provision 17,200, the unfair business practice is act. This litigation heading to Tronaw and Los Angeles would make the power companies return the 9 billion dollars they've built from California electricity and gas customers. It takes real co-holens to bring such a suit who's the plan of taking on a bandguys. Cruise-Vustamani lieutenant governor and reluctant leading Kennedy against Schwarzenegger. Now follow the action. One month after Cruise brings the suit Enron's lay cause an emergency secret meeting in Los Angeles of his political buck buddies including Arnold. They're planned to undercut Davis according to Enron Memos and solve the energy crisis that is make the Vustamani legal threat go away. How can that be done? Follow the trail with me. While Vustamani's kicking Enron's button court, the Davis administration is simultaneously demanding that George Bush's energy regulators order the 9 billion dollar refund. Don't hold your breath. Bush's federal energy regulatory commission is headed by a guy proposed by Canlay. But Bush's boys on a commission have a problem. The evidence against electricity Berins is rock solid. Frauders in reporting a sales transactions, megawatt laundering, fake power delivery scheduling and straight out conspiracy including meetings and hotel rooms. So the Bush commissioners cook up a terrific scheme, charge the companies with conspiracy but offer them behind closed doors, deals in which they have to pay only two cents on each dollar they filst. Problem. The slap on a risk refunds won't say unless the governor of California won't play along. Solution. Recall the governor. New problem. The guy most likely replaced Davis is not Mr. Musseladva, cruise boosted him on a even a vigor threat to the power companies than Davis. Solution. Smyr Cruise because heaven forbid he took donations from engines instead of from Canlay. The pay off? Once Arnold is governor he blesses the sweetheart settlements with the power companies. When that happens, boosted him on his court cases are probably lost. There aren't many judges who will let a case go to trial to protect the state if that governor's already allowed the matter to be settled by regulatory agency. So think about this. The state of California is in the hole by eight billion dollars for the coming year. That's Trump changed next to the eight trillion dollars in deficit and surplus losses planned and incurred by George Bush. Nevertheless, the eight billion dollar deficit is the hanging rope California's right wing is using to lynch Governor Davis. Yet only Davis and boosted money are taking direct action again against to get back the nine billion dollars that was vacuum out of the state by inron, reliant, dynagy, Williams company and the other Texas bandits who squeezed the state by the bulbs. But if Arnold is selected, it's asked to la vista to the nine billion dollars when the electricity emperor's whistle Arnold comes to the peninsula hotel or the governor's mansion. The he man turns pussycat and curls up in their lap. I asked Mr. Mussel's PR people to come out of the new enron memos and his strange silence on boosted money suit on for or Davis's petition, but Arnold was too busy shaving off his hit Larry and mustache to respond. The enron memos it points out of the end of the story we're discovered by the foundation for taxpayer and consumer rights in Los Angeles. How do you like that, huh? Let's start putting a little bit different face and shape and picture this whole thing, huh? Yeah. That's what it's really all about. That's up now. Yeah. Oh, no, you're wrong. Arnold is everybody loves Arnold. He's just a great leader. He's very strong at education. He's very strong on you know, ungroping breast and elevated his. And then when he's asked about Peter Jennings and Tom Brokeh, if he's totally denied a no, but that's just not me. It's not me. He did it, but a one maybe he was like another body. You think that might have been it might have been out of body and experience. Maybe kind of like, roar. And not about expert. He, uh, tiger drag them off the stage and partly audience thought it was just part of the, yeah. I'll be dead. Five, six, seven, five, sixty pound, five, sixty, oh, in fact we got that story. I'll look at to that. Also McClentock calls on sports and they get a result if he charges prove to it's a little bit late now, Tom, because the election is tomorrow just like Arnold's a love child scandal and starting to this story, starting to like blossom a little bit. Remember blossom? Oh yeah. Sure. I sure do. They got any one before 11 at five, sixty, your Greg Reed, chronic station QAM. My life and low. This is for 20, five, sixty. You and who we have. To my every town. At five, six, oh. WQA. I thought half a board, baby. Isn't that the right line? Like I said, let's get wild to play off our shoes on. We sit and watch the TV, put the finger up there, put it. Whoa, why the snow, why the snow, what Christians do for fun? Beep, five, listen to corners. While fondly they're nuts, whoa, who why the snow, why the snow, what Christians do for fun? Most of why the pastly from the past can be. We're sailing back to back a roady and cheap. But holes in the pitch, he just did a daily produce. But just about all they're allowed to do. Why the snow, why the snow, why the snow, why the snow, why the snow, why the snow, why the snow, why the snow, why the snow, why the snow, why the snow, why the snow, why the snow, why the snow, why the snow, why the snow, why the snow, why the snow, why the snow, why the snow, why the snow, why the snow, why the snow, why the snow, why the snow, why the snow, why the snow, why the snow, why the snow, why the snow, why the snow, why the snow, why the snow, why the snow, why the snow, why the snow, why the snow, why the snow, why the snow, why the snow, why the snow, why the snow, why the snow, why the snow, why the snow, why the snow, why the snow, why the snow, why the snow, why the snow, why the snow, why the snow, why the snow, why the snow, why the snow, why and the snow, what 100% ice drops, because the rain raining from the swamp shows the snow, Eldrão we still find it. Live a board of contact and then you go God only smiles upon the morning as home Oh my God, look to the water You know I look to the water You know I look to the water You know I look to the water Do you know about shooting a abortion doctor? Post them come on a weekend 1043 at 560 WQ Am I just have another eye? Am I into our list? George. Okay for the second poll Who's the dumbest of them all? I have already prepared that poll Slice the lawn Arrows towards Nager Who's going to be the next governor of California My Tyson George W. Bush Dan Quail Gerald Ford I just added Greg Reed Because after finding out from Scotch's The moment ago What initiated his hysteria this morning I mean it's seriously This man is just He's tragic He's what he is And emotional cripple I wish I had that cat cart Chris I've got nothing to play with I mean the meowing one You know I'm thinking about it Yeah what's your call it? Oh no one It's not No it's not What's in the short cut you just have to find it out for about to the cold I see Well regardless of that I wish I had those meowing sounds What a pussy Greg Okay, butch up a little bit Wait you stop being such a pussy such an nervous And also stop exploring it up here It's a beautiful day today It's going to be like 56 Going to make it all the way to 68 And 70 is the end of the week's sunny No rain lovely No humidity It's like heaven in TO But he's got to explore his hysteria Fuck by the beat But I think I think that Greg Reed And Norm can't shoot you low Don't you think that's a great marriage Sure Or yeah Oh marriage made in purgatory They can like hang out at the sushi place all day Okay, oh, when Norm and don't call here no mo, okay I'm trying to get it right now I don't care what all your buddies tell you Oh yeah, people throw me your pissed off I mean I should call you Don't call here Ever again don't make to lose this number No You silly person you yourself are grandizing Faggot you Norma Go away I'm starting to think that certain people may even have a good point 1040 1045 At 560 WQM Why horn Roy Of the glissie Vegas do a sick read and Roy has been communicating with doctors and friends He now did you actually see the thing where was just that he moved his finger I'm like the guy that he was showing on How his finger moving or anything they just said so Oh He moved his middle finger And that was for the tiger I guess Like a last message like a parting shot Well I'm cool As the communicating with doctors and friends His manager told reporters last night two days after he was involved on stage But one of the tigers in his show Horn 59 remained in critical condition Which hasn't changed since the incident in Friday night Officials would not say whether he was on a ventilator Give any further details The doctors are cautiously optimistic about his condition Manager Bernie human set outside university medical center in Vegas He said he hopes Oh and then they had these big prayer videos Did you see that? Yeah, it was all the employees Yeah, they're praying to keep their job Please please get better So we can have a job there's like 200 people Right The accident happened Friday night about halfway through sick free day And bro Show with the MGM or I show tell Wait a minute At the MGM or I show tell is the Maragian MGM or tell I don't know I never heard that refer to that way before it anyway I'm going to get them arrived and casino on a Vegas group As the audience watched the seven year old white tiger named Montecor Now this was his first performance this tiger I should point out Are you aware that? No probably last I think How A seven year old white tiger named Montecor Lunge that Horn's neck and dragged him off stage Audience members said Horn looked like a rag doll And tiger's mouth Who members backstage Spread a fire extinguisher with a big cat To force him to release his grip Attracted through train to use in such an event Marage spoke to an Allen Feldman said Oh Horn's Oh and speaking of Allen Feldman and young kipper That's another reason why Montp. on tomorrow He's celebrating double barrel jump keeper for the brave's in for the holiday Mr. Mr. Braves fan Now let me ask you this guy who we supposed to be rooting for now Who's it? We rooting for the marlins who the cubs out of the sympathy vote Because the marlins already won the series six years ago We love the copies They just are best And same So Horn's suffered a little blood loss and fell I'm just ignoring you and Felvin said hotel employees by the whole blood drive next week and Or anything I show you what a bunch of phones we got in our building The lovely Miguel who was born in Chicago He comes in this morning first of all sucking around for the playoff tickets Which he ain't getting Not getting them and number two I say to him I'll who you rooting for But it be but it will you know he was going Okay, he didn't know whether to scream or appeal is banana The cubs got we have you now. Where the how did you find that? I was looking for this no All right The cubs started there. That's under the you know, I never I never look under the The was how come all the other hairy stuff is under hairy and that one happens to be he just did that to screw me up. You know Okay, yeah, that's how it was that's how the cart was written originally There is no doubt at all that one of the factors in Roy's current condition the fact that he's allowed was the fact that there was the availability of blood in this community Felvin said he lost a lot of blood which I can't imagine why since the tiger ripped aside of his neck open The shows asking cool how the candlelight vigil outside the hospital last night horn whose birthday was Friday. He was 59. I guess that's not a happy birthday huh Well, I mean that's our poll question that I never done I mean I wasn't doing it to be mean like you to be mean spirit and hostile on sympathetic How you're not that's it to the type of the animal right to the people you figure scrum. That's right. Well anybody named bro. I would agree. Can you think of anybody with that name that we like right code We see see what I'm saying right Rogers who else right foster. Oh, man was grabbing those dildos all over the place attacking screw in with them In fact, I wonder if he knew our mold. Now he was okay good old bro Can you help me out with us? Do you remember this is I don't want to digress here, but this story just came to my mind Roy Foster former jock ex-dolphin, which is why he was working a QM head to other business vener one of our sales holes for about five minutes And the rumor on the building with the he and screw and were really type well at least him anyway close Grant that's a better word in her case. I think type would be like Ancient history, but in any rate So the story around the building was that he was just there because you know, he was an ex-dolphin and he liked Like hung out with screw in literally so the bottom line is he comes to me one day now remember I had that little car incident just before I came to QM Yes Because the passion people were making me well I was normed can again being totally incompetence that I have it And FedEx made a checks will be there the next day every time I would had to drive down to the passion building down the street from where you're sitting right now You know where it is and pick up my check. I mean it was nice I was getting paid for seven months for doing nothing But the fact that I had to be there was bad because that was like you know Screw it around in Europe and all over the world those times enjoying spending my seven months pay for not working So maybe I'm a little bit ungrateful. Yeah Well, gee, you know the meals a little bit slow that's normal. That's my agent making excuses for the other side all the time You're you're a weakling norma you're a weak sister you're a twisted sister So anyway, I'm driving here one day and it was a slick road that that thing on the exit off the turnpike It's called the a Wayne-Haisage Memorial Logitore brains knocked out the by the turnpike and All of a sudden my beautiful core of echoes into a skid and spins around a couple of them but I've been Right just like that. That's exactly how it's time my hit my head my forehead under a rear Review mirror. It was pretty gruesome too to look it was gruesome more so than usual There were a lot of people thought I could never look over here and this will surprise So I had this big swelling on my forehead and I called up Dr. Mark with that time I thought was like a real doctor and then of course Come to fight out. He was just like he was playing that and he really wanted me to talk to her Yeah, this is my little dog used to say oh yeah him ever a doctor and Anyway, so he says oh yeah, but you know when you hit your forehead like that it swells up and It's nothing don't worry about it. Remember that? I know And like you could get a concussion that worry about you. I didn't even want to see me. I guess he was probably busy About him and Richard hang out lots of you and any rates. So I call you remember that I call you Well, I managed to drive my car which was like a mess my little fiberglass card I managed to drive it to somewhere there on 441 What was it? Which one was it? Hamkin wasn't it? I like to give them credit so long time ago six years I'd like to be nice to the people of the zoo who were nice to me Anyway, I slept by car, but then they came running out and they look like holy I mean that car looked like a guy damn look like almost that Ferrari from Danny Heatley It was in bad shape wasn't split in half, but damn next worst thing do it But it was that phone again wish to look to I was use on a phone Oh It's working today while it was working last night. I have no idea what it's good today But I mentioned bell sounds south. I like it. It's a little bit devil Do you know Do you know the one thing? I know why I told you We can't hear you Sound off like you have a So glad you slander them I'm didn't slander them Don't go get a dick into the tent It would mean just in general I'm stating facts they suck Oh great. I got a glander is making a statement of fact. It isn't true. He was going to get chips This is so unbelievable If I were to tell you now is in the middle of a good story there about the way where the accident in your confession Well, what was that leading into? You went to the doctor. You called me on the phone and know what you were at the temple No, but there was something at the end of that story. What was about What about that? We're changing gears right now. Okay? Changing gears based on my phone call just now Norma Kent is the world's biggest asshole. Okay, as a matter of fact. I'm inspired right now. He gives my phone number to an old boyfriend of both of ours by the way. I should point out. Yeah, I just Yeah, we go What about the brand new world's biggest ass? This is a brand new And it's a brand new The brand new I want to go to the world's My biggest ass Oh His name is Norma Kent. She's the new world's biggest asshole How he knows how money you're here. He doesn't try to do a radio show Right, but he's said to him where he gives the phone number Oh, well, I wanted to talk to the occurs when I picked up the phone and the person told me who it was This yeah Now he's not a bad guy. Little on the yeah, not a swishy guy with a fag It anyway uh it tells me who it was and I like could have dropped a phone on the floor like how in a world could you have gotten this phone number Only from Norma Kent. That's why So you know, I'm gonna do I'm gonna change my phone number. I just just made up my mind and normal I couldn't have it Norma you're an asshole. He's a player. Here's the guy supposed to be representing me. He's given my phone number For this guy who's calling me for some big fundraiser against president portion in the middle of my life Well, I'm doing a radio show You're kidding me. I'm not kidding you and Norma knows him on the air right now He's just doing us to be an ass to be a bitch to be a real bitch Hey Greg, let me tell you right now if you want to get somebody who's competent don't use normal Ken Don't pay that bastard a dime, okay To probably go out and buy some goddamn nasty weed Not even good stuff just nasty weed. You know I'm talking about yeah, I hate that crappy creepy Pock exactly He's been fudge cacking Fine 6 7 That's probably what he's been doing with it. Oh my god. What a oh? It's just I am almost speechless. You know how much it takes for me to be speechless. I just can't get over that Because how many people in the world have got this number here in Toronto? How many? Todd drag I got this for this queen of just called I didn't Didn't get the number from Todd wreck unless maybe Todd got something on the side that we in his wife and family don't know about I don't think so Now he got it from Norma Ken who's just being a real major but plague normal if you ever call here again Let me ask seriously no matter what it's about what the only sound you'll hear will be Immediately I'm putting my notice. I'm getting me a real agent. Okay. I'm I'm tired of a mess And I would like little league silly people who are professional Pusses okay Who run around the ball games pretending to be like 10 year trying to be go through a second child again But are goddamn Sandy so some blow up dolls or I'd have her leaves hanging out with probably got a pudge Rodriguez blow up down now. He's probably pulling his pudge Do I have a spot here or not because I'm lost yes No, she's not I'm lost because that phone call and see I knew my second powers told me a better Go grab that because it's gonna be something you're gonna want to grab it when of course years ago I already did grab that Pretty good 10 57 at 560 W to QM if you're looking to replace that terrible Carpeting in your home that's just about had it Let me tell you about something exciting laments are us through the easy low maintenance alternative to natural wood flooring Laminates are us as the best place to find laminated wood flooring from the top names in the universe peridore Peridore peridore peridore Wilson art unifluro and quits step and all of laments are us floorings installed by people who are reading other crap inside and out pergro certified installers Here's another good reason like I always tell you that you really ought to be calling these people and nobody else the prices at Laminates are us are so low that they'll probably Floria listen to this right now get to fall special for just 1495 bucks Just $195 gets you up to 295 square feet of Beautiful laminated wood flooring it is positively too good to be true, but it is Elaminatorous will match any legitimate written offer no obligation if you like to get a free and homestimate just make one easy call Tell them that old Neil pointed call lemon seruss 1 877 777 733 36 What to be simpler they make it so easy almost can't say no they give you a free carpet disposal feed furniture moving a 25 year warranty and Years and years of beautiful easy care Laminator would for it call him today. Laminates are us 1 877 777 733 36 Oh my cow Neil Rogers is right the cub start spark you want to know where the spark went I used to think sex life That's gonna fit somewhere in between kids work cleaning stress even if I wasn't the mood I was just too tired while that was before I heard about apple milk I tried it I had passion yeah passion Good I thought passion you could run but you can't hide Introducing apple milk the new non prescription one-stay live tablet make just for us This is how I really am I'm back to being me The free 30 days simple cycle call or go online today It's 1100 560 WCM happy Monday too I thought you can't say happy can we? Why a Solomon Monday because it's you him kipper man a song Maybe that wasn't thinking about that. I was supposed to be solemn And all these things right and Believe me I and you remember how about I told you in the beginning of show We're gonna do screen of seven such a great mood and then within the first hour here's Greg we come in your hyper ventilating But the puppy doing all of that What is that thing that you play that I insist that I don't have that the mobile hyper ventilating thing? What is that vibrating mode? It is yes, but is that under a separate thing or is that under the HD stuff? It's right that it's the first HD just press HD no you're wrong. I don't have that How can you not my first HD is all the crap you could unwrap all the slime all the time? Yeah, I don't have that. We'll have to send it up to you. Please and anyway Greg we did is doing that Then I get a phone call which ordinarily because it's the concierge is a package but I already got that call before So I figured I'll look at this because I know that this maniac see here's an example You kids out there smoke and a little bit of pot no problem on his show where all for it Even John Cretzians is when he retires he's gonna light up. I got that's three here somewhere because Canada is a pot loving play joint place But too much pot especially too much bad pot will rot your mind, okay? Too much bad pot causes your brain to rot, okay? They still have that paracquat pot Paracquat pot. There's spray in it right now. Can't you hear it? Yeah, normal spraying it You're a simple denorma you're an imbicil you're an idiot you're a disgrace to the human race How a little child I think a Marlins wins over a weekend put her over to get gemma speed Has this person call who I haven't spoken to in years who looks really good by the way at least you do But it's kind of boring and bed, but at any rate. I'm not using no name. So it's no problem sure Can I mention the fact his first name is Jim? That's okay. There's a lot of Jim's is he not a not that Jim? Okay? No Does he sound anything like that Jim? No hi This is Jim no wrong Jim. That's that's Randy's Jim you know Randy that's one with a multicolored penis McClint dot calls on sports negative charges prove to see I'm doing a squealist today But you know some not taking any calls Scott because I got a heavy agenda Plus we have all this other extraneous stuff going on which has nothing to do with his show I'm just sitting here mind of my business and T.O. look at it a beautiful sunny day And they still can't they because that's the main thing in South Florida They can't make you miserable being there they'll export it to you that's the one thing rest assured No matter where you go in the world if you can't be there to enjoy their misery with them they'll export it to you On my phone they'll send you a telegram They'll throw out a delcint you're got they've not been a bottle somewhere like in Lake Ontario Export it WQAM I deal yes, sir For this in the glam check it in all right I just wanted to end up anyone mention Jack McKean think and do this Joseph and Mary for the Mars wins this weekend Oh, no, are you sure you serious? Oh, no, he has direct quote was Jesus blessed Much rather eager to bat fight oh my god Oh, yeah, and then Right in the middle of the Jew holidays he starts popping the Jesus crap at us in that nice like I say let's go Cubs let's go cubs let's go cubs I think no fun glad you did thank you sir good old crossy Jack McKean was I just saying wonderful things about him last week And what a phenomenal record they had once he took over this 900 year old the fossil But now see any and it's not just him any of these athletes that bring up all the Oh the god lord say god if there was one has got maybe that's why the world is so messed up because assholes like Jack McKean think that the Lord's got a word about who's gonna win baseball games and blessing Pudge Rodriguez is bad Jesus Christ if you've been pudge packing is that your problem Jack? Yeah, Jack McKean is pudge packing I would have figured he'd be drinking Joe booze rum right that's what you think it'll fart like him What's he got to lose anyways hundred years old I'm for the cubs man. Let's go cubs Let's go the marlins already one and 97 okay. Let's spread it around a little bit about carries wood Let's let's do it for Harry carry forget about carry wood always you know Oh That game was words of spawning Neil Rogers and Hollywood Beach and one of those butt-floss bathing suits Know Hey Lexate lay off my good friend the dear drinking body By tuseman when I'm� fire for some Portis bunk Neil Rogers god What the hell does that thing that guys spoke of yourself Rogers where you had a minute of nice This is an honor of Harry, even over a rest in peace in the grave somewhere. All the religions would say, oh, he's up there in the sky now looking down. He's smiling on the cubs. When they say that? No. Actually, he's riding in the ground. McClentock calls on Sports and Agatha Resign of Turgis Proof. They really frost my ance about Jack McHen doing that. God's squad crap again. Throwing the Jesus card again. Yeah. Oh, I will say this. You notice, well, Scott would know because you wouldn't because you're not a baseball. But you don't watch any baseball, but I've known for years. Pudrod Riggas is one of them Catholics, one of them Hispanic Catholics. That every time he comes to the play and I think he doesn't be for every pitch. He crosses himself. He's for every pitch. I thought he sacrificed his life chicken. No, no, seriously. Have you ever noticed that? Yes, he does. Some of the guys they do when they first come up to the play, but in his case, just to make sure on every pitch, just to be like double safe. He crosses himself before every pitch. Pudrod Riggas. You're not to get caught. I know why Jesus can't hit a card ball. Yeah, that's right. Oh, which reminds me, what's the name of that bit? Jesus plays baseball. Is that the one that's called? Jesus, no, that's not what it's called. Boy, I'm telling you, you're really phone down on a job today. What? I called everyone so far. Jesus plays baseball. If that's the name of the bid, then it's not a my thing. And I know that I know I play this here. What is it called? I don't know. I'll find it. Ha ha ha ha ha. Now, Clintock, I've been trying four times to be disturbed, but I'm still so blown away about the fact that Norma Kennedy's giving out my phone number here in Toronto to people that I don't want to talk to. Okay. That's amazing. I think right there is like a criminal act, if you ask me, what it is at the very least, it's a betrayal of the client, agent privilege. You see what I'm saying? Don't call here, Norma. Okay. I will not speak to you. I will not speak to your boyfriends. Girlfriends, if you had any, would you don't? Go away. Oh, and you see the problem is it's your camera. So he's obviously not working today. So he's sitting there on his ass puffin' a win of a fat one. So he's more still than usual. That's the problem. So he's probably calling up everybody he knows and this phone will be ringing off the hook all day. Ascle, well, have a little time while it lasts because I think I'm changing the number. You moron. I've had such a run lately. Every time the phone rings, it's somebody I don't want to talk to. I'm starting to wish I'd hear from Rimmer. Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, you put that out there. Oh, yeah. Now, he's, see, I like the Rimmer as you're the one that hates him, George. I'm not a bit worried about anything all over. And you try to, you try to interfere with my relationships with people, which is just inappropriate. It's true. It's not. Rumors my close personal buddy. Have a great time. WQIN. New. Yes, sir. How you paly how you doing today? Okay. Hey, that bit about Norma and the ex-boyfriend reminded me of something that happened last week. I'm probably like Wednesday. I'm at the new beach in all over. And I'm laying out there with my thinking and I'm listening to you on my little radio, right? Yeah. Just hanging out there, getting a tan. You're hanging out, yeah. Yeah. And this old queen walks over to me, right? And she actually had a piercing down there. But anyways. Oh, she comes over to me. Probably was freaky Carlos from our reception desk. No, with way older than that, I see now one. Anyways, she comes over to me and she goes, does that mean Roger? That's his, yeah. He goes, oh my God, he's still on the air. It's of course he's still on the air. So he's like, wow, you're a young guy. How old are you? I told him I'm 22. He's like, wow, I didn't, you know, I didn't. I think young guys listen to him. I said, well, he's great. He's like, I didn't know he's still on the air. You know, I think, oh, yeah, it's awesome. And he said, that's really cool. So anyways, he couldn't look me in the eye for some reason. And he goes over to me, he goes, so you got a boyfriend. And I was like, all right, get the hell away, dude. Yeah, exactly. Anyways, um, this probably normal. Ah, probably. No, it wasn't. Number two. I thought that was funny. He was like, shocked that I listened to you. Ah, probably. Yeah. I wouldn't say it was like hysterical fold on it for laughing. But it was a moderately amusing. And what is it with these old guys getting the piercings down here, Neil? It was gross. Well, they got to get something. Oh, God, to hang or something. Anyways, um, number two, I'm thinking to go into Montreal and October. What do you think? I think have a great time. Yep. McClint.com's on Schwarzenegger. And I'll tell you that they got a great McDonald's. They're the street and free-tis, man. You'll love them. States editor, Tim McClint.com, I called him Arnold to withdraw. And see, I don't, the phone should be ringing off though, but the problem is, you know, everybody's pretending to be Jewish today. But a Marlins and a Cubs, the series coming up and then, uh, are we blessed in South Florida? Oh, yeah. God. Dolphins, when yesterday, even a Panthers won on the exhibition against Tampa Bay Saturday three to two, Scott got to go to see that. Thanks to some free-btickets we give him. Me and 17 other people in the pool. Him and about how many people were there? Not third man. Nobody was there. Well, that was because the baseball game was later. Was it afternoon? What was it? The four clock start? Yeah, one with on a clock start a game. And I'll tell you what really pisses me off and frost my ass is that up here, we got 75,000 different sports channels. We got sports that we got the TSM, a Zillion different ones. Air the score. But ESPN 2 ESPN 2 had the Marlin Giants game. So every one of the sports channels here had the Yankee twins game, which is a blowout, which is terminal. And I couldn't get to Marlin game. You only good part of it is the Yankee game in the early and then at that point, they all joined the ESPN 2 and we saw the end of the game, which is the most important part. And it was punch crossing himself and Jack McKin, praying and saying, Monash Tana, Hala, Haza, all that stuff. Hey, Jack, I got news for you. I'll catch you. I'm happy to be here for you. I'm happy to be here for you. I'm happy to be here for you. I'm happy to be here for you. I'm happy to be here for you. I'm happy to be here for you. I'm happy to be here for you. I'm happy to be here for you. Are we lucky on a boat? Please be in the building. I thought people had F to get to the line, so no one can captain this. If you know Baba, there will be force. Another thing I noticed we realtored. Bipesque is anti-p bravery. Run up the pit and let have all the worries you saw. Dear lord. So пожалуйста, the law of this fake plan of actions. And it's about life with a vision and consciousness. He raped it all 15 still would make no difference because it's Arnold and America's obsessed with celebrities man It's Arnold he's very strong in education Yeah, and one of these days he's gonna love to speak English That's the way that I read before man people should be swimming from that He's on our website. It's on the arangers.com if you want to read it again and see what your own eyes and say holy crap This is what it's really all about Didn't you think that was quite revelatory as they say it was and like you feel my phone rang and it turned out to be some punk a fag Stop giving out my number norm. I'm telling you that want the entire audience to go right now that my agent slash attorney is Given out my phone number to people that he knows I don't want to speak to right in the middle of my god Them radio show because he doesn't show up in the numbers. Okay, because he has no ratings. He has no show He has no life. He's got crap is what he's got So if you want to smoke some good crap go and see George because he's got the good stuff forget about norm. I wish yeah 11 13 at five 60 see too much. You're a comedy and what all I'm young boys That's the problem Too much bad way too much comedy with young boys affects your brain or used to be there used to be a brilliant mind and how to Deeteriorating it's the generating you degenerate Well, that's the one thing I do like about him. He's a degenerate Hey, let me tell you right now if your mattress is degenerated to the point where you can't get a good night sleeping your back is killing you Do the smart thing come I good friends at Donald mattress nobody can come close to their every day low prices 365 days a year don't get sucked in by those department of betting store phony sales for real Discom prices on the top models in the world from silly sorta temper pedic Simmons King Coral or Stearns in bananas foster Call 1 800 mattress. There's no nonsense no bait and switch know how's brands no falls promises and best of all You don't have to pay see somebody should know that on a hi it's a Greg instead of appreciating the fact that I'm working on you I'm capable today which I didn't have to I could have pulled me jukeard today But instead of that he comes in here, but I mean, but in the middle of the show It's like it's I saw gaslight guys. I saw it. Yeah, which Charles Boyy He was good actor Charles Boyy. There's a French nice voice no nonsense no bait and switch know how Sprans no falls promises and best of all when you call my good close personal friends at dialo mattress You don't have to pay any extra premium for great service Believe you me you never see anything like it in the world when you call dialo mattress 1 800 mattress You pick the day in time for delivery with an any two hour window seven days a week from 8 a.m. the 10 p.m You know the window that I wish Greg and normal both jump through together and you'll be sleep Unlike a baby the very first night. I want to the group maybe the best mattress You've ever had your ass on in your life. I've been sleeping on one for years And I'm still alive even this cranky old age with low prices same day delivery free set of removal is easy to see By dollar mattress is ranked the best in the world for customers satisfaction So please don't get sucked in by those mattress your arms or furniture Storans they can't even come close to mention what you get every single day from dialo mattress Call toll free right now this instant 1 800 mattress 1 800 mA TTRAS or check them out online at Macrist.com Radio 5 6 Be I can do the things Thinking about a big role of this man Only by the smell, if you tell where it's at Welcome Hey, go Hey, go Hey, go That's saying it's good to go To turn And you know how to make the ball get dry Like that cake to the shower now We'll leave the skin for a long time Woo! Hey, go Hey, go Hey, go Okay That's it, that's it 1120 at 5.60 I love the little echoed at the end of the river Oh, I love it Anyway, here's the fact that it says during Friday's game that we're doing interview with A-Rod That's Payrod View Mr In the expensive seats at the ballpark, ask him about Texas And sitting behind him next to David Cassidy Who's saying the National Anthem I understand Next to David Was the one and only Jeff Rimmer Come on, come on, come on, come on Says how about much of those tickets cost them I'll tell you The big because probably got them through Fox Sports You think they remember paid for tickets? No chance It says if he has the money for those tickets he can buy dinner next time Sure, hold your breath We'll let you know what else they are, okay Now the let's wrap up this first this preliminary pool And what age do a birthday stopping happy birthday And remember these nights were good Because I was thinking about it the other day November 5, I'll be 61, it's old man Really old, I'm ancient And it's not a happy birthday November 5 will not be happy No matter what happens No matter how much action I might get on that day Or whatever great meal or whatever happens And they could have made any difference It will not be happy day As the store flies And what age do birthday stopping a happy birthday And 102 votes for I see they don't really believe that They just wanted to hear me play I'm 30 man, I'm 30 man, I'm 30 man How many times should I play that? I'm 30 man 102 votes for that never 50 Isn't that sweet? Do you believe that? Nope, no 40, 31 31, see now I want to get the numbers 31 people said 40 is the age of which that's a good number 22 people said 25 Boy, you talk about people that are real If they're serious You got a real traumatic life ahead of you If you're bad age kind No really There are a lot of people who are in a punks Punks, they go, oh I'm 20 When I get to be 25 I'm done the end of the world Yeah, of course they will stay at the guys They'll stay at the guys, they'll stay at the Really ugly If they haven't already 17 people said 50 That's a good choice I like that 9 said 35 8 said 45 5 said 60 Which from my personal experience Is the correct answer When I was 50 I didn't feel old In fact, when I was 59 I didn't feel when my 60 If birthday came last year I said to myself Oh, right That's exactly what I said When I went to the bank It opened at check in a count here And he said, oh, you get a special senior Citizens discount Because I'm 60 Oh 70 Two people said 71 Since 65 And nobody said 55 Out of the 255 boats On our first pool Okay, let's get to the meat of the matter A second pool Since our audience is so pull intensive Especially on young kippur Everybody's Jewish Even as far as our Jew When we worked at the KAT Craig Warding and I And everybody also worked there We had a very nice reception This her name was Le Verne She was a dark, complex lady And on the Jewish holiday She was Jewish Maybe she was a philasha No, she was not really Jewish But on the Jewish way I mean, it was the Jewish station It was the Jewish station Which was much to the Constellation The Ven sales manager To the late Bob Allen Who was not a bad guy She went to Notre Dame And used to shoot baskets In his office all the time And this little make the lead Basket up on a wall And one of those little cotton basketballs Yeah Thank you's to shoot baskets all day Because he was from Notre Dame Oh, where they all call us The Jewish station And of course he was about one of the few boys in a whole place We had Well, then Russell She wasn't Jewish Remember when Russell from headline news Yes Didn't she retire Don't know She's she was nice Then was Verne That's what civil event told me She was very nice And a gemalt And I think he's dead If we can verify that I'll tell you really interesting story about gemalt money But I can't do it Okay, well, no, if he's still alive I can't tell you the story But if he's dead, what are they going to do? Who else? No, he had Mark Forster Remember Mark Forster's son called And one day he'd tell me he's still alive No Mark Forster boy He was popping more pills than rush But a good guy And it was mostly Jews there And Craig Worthing was he Jewish? No Surely Spelliver even when I named him was he Jewish? No, she was a pharbison We had Erf Schindler, there's another Jew But anyway, we got the reputation as being the Jew station Because we were on Miami Beach And all of our listeners were old old Jews Old, most of them dead by now So here's the second poll for today Well, we're done that all come from By the way, the Leafs baked Detroit's 42 last night The exhibition game at the Air Canada Center Well, I'm glad to hear Roberts with a big night He's still alive I'm going Gary Baby, okay, you old fart you The dumbest of them all sliced along Arnold Schwarzenegger Which you know, he'll get a lot of votes simply because of the timing of the whole thing Plus the fact he's a moron Hello Yeah, my Tyson George W. Bush will certainly get a lot of votes and deservedly So Dan Quail See the problem with Dan Quail in Gerald Ford is the time factor Yeah, you see what I said Because Quail was a pop-up bush's vice president That was like a long time ago Like 11 years ago that he got booted out And Greg Reed, I added on there As definitely, I think he's going to get my vote Dummies to the mall A man who could take who could win a lottery for 25 million And lose the ticket on a way to cash it in I just he's just a star crossed You know, what's that Ed McMan show star search Right, they ought to have one called star crossed And he will be he'd be the super star owner Because everything he, I don't know, he just can't handle success Got a deal with everything As you've seen, the audience has seen in herd odies many several years A few Five six seven, let's hear from all you cump fans out there Okay, cubbies are going to get some Jesus ass All you know, Sammy so sit as the same thing Yeah, he does Yeah, he does the same cross cross the thing Plus at least Padrera Riggas Who's a better all around ball player than Sammy so to At least Padrera Riggas doesn't do the thing with a heart Well, what do you call that thing that he does? That's totally below the cash in the numbers Oh, Sammy we're so tired of your stay like like I said let's go Marlins I really don't care. I'm not a baseball fan. I don't care. We'll watch some of it I will not watch any entire games because I'd rather cope than do that But I'll watch some of it And I must confess I watched some of the playoff stuff Yankees and twins that was boring yourself I didn't watch any of the cup braids game last night And that's why the cups won't I don't want to be the kiss of death Let's get wild the playoff run is on and let's get wild Look at how wild the audience is man. Look at what those phones are smokey Don't scream us any action No, two stinking calls live up and probably both cranks. Well, we know line nine is QAM crank line Hey, New Harrow you man. Okay, is this a real call? Yes, it is. Can't believe it. How'd you think all good? So far it's been mixed mixed bag Hey, I got a little bit of Gotham for you. Lack of the night. A little bit of Gotham for you. Yeah, I was listening on the radio last night And Matt Fudz mentioned you last night. Yeah, what she said Yeah, she's saying that she's talking about the whole Rush Limbathing Yeah, and you saying that ah, the snow roges out of Miami Ah, he's so angry and mean he's gonna end up dead But I live by himself and all man. He was brutal last night. Dude. I'll be damned. It was kind of funny. I thought laughing. Which I got taped to for it, but I'm sure that his international audience was really impressed Thanks for using my name on the ear, Miss Fudz. I can't express it with a lame agent like I got thanks for the spired for its sweetheart Miss Fudz, another one is you know, I just never see to be mazed at the people who are obsessed with me obsessed Not just interested or not just listen, but I'm talking about obsessed like and of course you know Miss Fudz is listening right now Just looking normal can't they're probably together they're probably doing it. Oh, yeah, no they're probably doing it. They're probably a dredge packin 1127 at 560 WQM. Hey, if you're one of those people, it's a comparative fudge Don't they have like low carb fudge it tilites? I think they do we had that on their sometime sure. I know they got those brownies They got the walnut brownies back in Trollkarm. They've got over a thousand low carb and sugar fee products at the lights So all you people on the low carb diets, whether it's acnes or scatkins or soundpeed style or sugarbusters or that bitch Suzanne summers whatever when you're on This is a story you'll love because they've got so many things that you can actually enjoy things with some taste things to keep you going things to snack on Like bagels and breads cheesecake's muffins brownies for all you browny hounds like Miss Fudge chocolates past the sauces chips and dips Soups ketchup's carbohydrate ice cream and what more I think the arresting probably has Miss Fudge coming apart like all the other right wingers to oh no not rush Oh, she was doing rush So did the light chocolate chip cookies carbohydrates candy coated chocolate covered peanuts Apple cinnamon granola by carp scent all of these things and so much more and don't forget to like so West Bokey can try anything I'm going to stir before you buy it to see if you'd be liking it and all the acnes bread products are on sale all day every day even young kippur You're open seven days a week from ten to ten if you find these lights on the northeast corner of glazed and 441 right next to Boston market Call them tool free if you like it 1 8 7 7 low carb that's hello WCA or be your on the way to look carb dot com if you really want to stock up on fantastic snack items for your low carb diet This is a place to find them all the lights are West Bokey or official atkins real set a retail center by the way doctor Bob watch out on that sidewall Oh This is Sports wedding We have We have We have We have We have We have We have We have We have We have We have We have We have We have We have We wouldn't be good We doesn't stop to we Maybe we're going to make a birthday We're in store, in the phone Let's get ready Dust green Styles Ball gin Vorgets Yeah But yesterday When a boy got a boy He just said No No I'm gonna say things all the things that I'm talking about But I'm gonna go and stay What a golden state I'm gonna say like, don't we say it? I'm gonna say it When you say that it's okay When you say that it's okay I would vote for real I would vote for real I would vote for real If we stand on the day If we stand on the day California, California, California, California, It's such a freaky state Mark the big day The last thing I was born here, you're election, we call election To recall No, we're not, that is the question Then of course, if we do recall Who's gonna replace gay Davis? Will it be Arnold? Do you think so? Yeah, we're gonna be Cruz, Mustafaate Will it be Gary Coleman? No! Will it be Arianna already dropped out? Do we know the name? And how about Mary Carrier? No, she's got big ones Yes, she got big plans And big ones for the state That's what for her Let's get wild to play out pushes on Look at the excitement, the enthusiasm, the hysteria From the South Koreans It's almost palpable isn't it? Okay, okay Okay, the new pull is up Who's the dumbest of the mall? George W. Bush 13, Mike Tyson 7, Greg Reed 5, excellent choice Arnold Zona got one Oh, Dan Quail's got one And sliced the low and zero four Don't have any And zero four for those who forget Who was never elected to anything He said 25 years of members of Congress for Mammishigan and never introduced one Bill in that time Couldn't walk in chew gum at the same time That was his claim to fame And then kept falling down a lot That was the other thing Remember that? And you're right Even recently like Yeah, as part of his act he just falls down a lot Oh, I need to use the way that I love it So that's our pull so far And I'm sure that we may have some others to add to it Or not as a case may be since it is young kipur But even to go ahead and head the day off WDQAM Yeah, just another of Notice of New Yorker You're just wishing Uncle Neil a good one on a young kipur And tell him what happened to his 20s. My aunt, you's actually one And a good day, guys What happened to my twins? Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah Oh I said was that the Yankees were going down Was I right? Yeah, but why care about the end of twins are like a girls team. It's a franchise like in this array In waiting and waiting to be eliminated My Yankees my Yankees that makes you like you said that I'm not just New York and have a wonderful Or whatever goes your holiday And there's that pathetic or what what is that have to do with anything? It's not Florida nothing nothing Nothing zippity do do. This is another problem too many freaking New Yorkers down there. That's the problem WCOM Q a m Pickle on my uncle mo Absolutely oh my god, back them five six seven oh five six you don't get so about a moment That's why's that a take the day off again tomorrow to heal up After his graves cooking up the answer with the weekend five six seven oh five six deep pound five six The only AT and T say I toward it is gonna be a stellar day. That's it. It's exciting George W's got 17 votes the poll is now starting to get some human recognition Only 34 votes so far who's the dumbest of the mall George W 17 by Tyson 10 Greg read five Arnold stole legal one in Dan Quilla how can Arnold only have one? Huh you think that they're afraid to vote for him because it would be embarrassing to have the dumbest of them all being governor California don't you think they would be embarrassing not I mean look what we got huh yeah the gemster WQAM One cool simple question. There was nobody at the camp again how many people will be at the Bruins game next Saturday night But third man there you go Okay, see just one here there again I want to see these lines start exploding man. We're doing screen list today just to honor what a great mood I'm in and because Scott does overwork and Underpaid especially the last part if you could George is indifferent to the whole thing because he's nauseated because we go Hello George is kind like a cup fan what no when you're not a sports fan or a baseball fan Maybe you're like you had that free trip to Chicago for about five minutes right right and then you I see go to a game ahead of your time Yeah stuff like that. Hello, get everybody You know whatever I'm the soft order. I always listen to the Roger Neal show on W I O D WQAM Okay good twisted yeah get WQAM WQAM hello Yes, sir. What I don't know why to call him has Kim okay? We don't talk about the spots because he spends a lot of on the Anis station so call the ax him, okay? My god WQAM hello Yes, sir. Hey, man. Hey, I wanted to This isn't anti semi-thera known kipper. You don't like the doctors last name go ahead sir Hey, I wanted to see if you had seen a movie with Johnny Depp and it Before night falls no I I ran into this thing the other day on the International Film Channel and it is very very bizarre before nice falls Yeah He plays listen to this one. He plays a Plan boy and gay prostitute and a Cuban prison really Yes, any smuggles. What's this one? He smuggles out a manuscript in his butt in this movie Back to It's actually that it's a film about a A human writer who is a homo Yeah, and he was a homo. Yeah, and actually it's got a lot of homo No, I'm looking at myself. I'm looking at up in my book before what? Before night falls it's about it's got three bones Speaking of homos. It's got three bones director Schnabel takes a quantum leap in skill in a second film after Basque yacht Right this time he's the tortured artist is the literally to a tortured Lake Cuban poet Ronaldo Arinas Who falls victim to castors repressing it's both his writings and his sexuality he's gay Arinas gets thrown into prison eventually gets released effort confessing his cramps and makes his escape as part of the 1980 Money elbow lift ironically freedom offers little solace about anis either in Miami or his last home in New York Spanish actor Barton is outstanding as the poet But only seems to be true to himself and pays a tragic price Yep, and I say what in Johnny plays two roles in the movie he plays the gate When boy and prostitute it any also plays the warden of the prison Yeah, so it is It is definitely a incredible role for him and I would I think probably the weirdest thing I've ever seen him do I'm picking that up today before night falls is Johnny running around naked this movie at all Oh, you know what there's a shot in the prison like yard where Right them They shoot there's a shot of his butt because of course eventually the butt is gonna be a key thing in the movie Oh, this is now this is 2000 this is only three years old a movie That's right and So there is there is kind of a shot of his butt, but I don't think it's in fun I think they actually what they did it is a copy. It's a stunt button Yeah, oh Sean Sean penis in his two Yeah, he's only got like a small cami although I sure will be keeps his clothes on I have you a part of him is actually he got nominated for an Oscar for this for his role and he is He's outstanding the number one pick it up today in the movie two before night falls and by the way I want to I want the happiness guy. I was the guy fully about happiness Thank you very much. It was outstanding nobody ever talks about that, but it's a hoot All right, well, have a good one and you two things get that dog sure gets his legs Oh Did we say that we did Before night falls name it a movie with Johnny dip and a bunch of spicks All name Martinez and Rodriguez and Gonzalez stuff like that What huh? Let's see how's that pull coming George W seems to be ahead of the pack 34 who's the dumbest of them all my tish in 18 Greg Reed seven Arnold Schwarzenegger Arnold started to climb slowly He's got four his busy groping around Then quail bank whales got a pair Our three now zero four's got one no votes for sliced the low and or Jessica Simpson You put that on there. Oh somebody facts it. Why did you do that? She's stupid She's his dumb as these guy. I mean we have to put some woman on her. Hopefully dumber really really better in person Yeah, and she got her hooks into my boy Nick so she can't be all at dumb What doesn't have anything to do it's all right do hate or like poison so let's keep her on there Okay, let's vote for Jessica pitch nasty bitch. What a waste what a waste that he's a busy exploring that the oh Smelly bitch and by the year thing in a different tune cuz you were right after she had been in a studio there Would you that summer couple years ago was it last year or something? I remember coming back and boy You were still emotionally Jessica she was a lot better in person yeah, and she's really a very nice person and man She let me sniff it again room Squeezing through she can't sing and she's stupid is she stupid? dumb yeah simple see this is a horrible Ripple this is a poll. We're not gonna put moan because you know let's give Mares number one a number two He's been called a lot of things but not stupid. Vedi is maybe but certainly not stupid right right I'm not just an oi, but not stupid right smelly and old but not stupid Stereotypical stupid checkered pants wearing and bad We're wearing but stupid now So we'll leave him off you're right 18th buses heal up from like his niece said there before but her uncle Moe is answer It's hey listen if your carpets are looking so bad that you know it really is an embarrassment to you Here's the answer for call my friends at rock concerts for over 20 years They've done not just a good job, but a spectacular job for me in my house no matter where I live They've done a beautiful job. They make our carpet carpet work just like Randy would know the same for you And now drive concepts off as you would chance to save 15% on your next carpet cleaning just call them toll free at 1-800-248-5071 and ask our friends at rock concepts to put you understand by list Then they'll call you next time they've got an opening in her schedule. It's the same idea is when you fly stand by if you're available One they've got an opening. They'll knock 15% off the price Don't forget they give you a written guaranteed price up front people they start to job They give you no BS. They do a stupidest job on your furniture on your drapery on your repository on your Carpets the whole deal whatever it is you need and like I said you can't be to Moe the stick column today And ask them to put you understand by list They might even have an opening for you that they you call like maybe today and they'll still give you a 15% off the price of that job Which you can't beat anywhere in the world called dry-con steps today tool free at 1-800- what is it again? Dry concepts is what I said 1-800-248-5071 1-800-248-5071 or look them up on a web if you like a dry concepts dot com Yeah That's We're fired now and you know a little differently We got All these so called Fans that come out here and say their companies that are supposed to be behind you ripping every Thing you do I'll tell you one thing. I hope we get Modern Just to stuff it up them 3,000 people and show up every day Because if they're the real Chicago Fans they can kiss my Write downtown and print it I like it when the guy stopped by For a homer Do you remember When you got that You can't tell the block really has smoke I need to have no I am just a fly from the guy stopped by for a homer for a homer I like guys who started only one is it stretches when they make a win Cause we kiss long from my homer from my homer Big one daddy's ticket in my hand. I gave you a homer and it all began You had the biggest one that ever did see it felt to the floor when you tried to be When you are in fear I can't help but more but it's so big that you just had to flaunt it You wet my whiffin with that big thing baby If we done my throat minutes for as deep crazy now I think about you and it makes me sad You went away never came back I gave you a homer and you wet back home I'm now a copian with the size of your home I felt even long when you gave me a beef now a little bit like Alex Hey Keaton when I'm in too I knew the two of things if he doesn't matter the size of your stick New kids on the block really have small I am the fly from the past I'm a for a homer For a homer Come on it's the Lunar 5 60 WM team manager good boys your boy from Solero High will be a longitude We got Kimba both camper. Thank god we got some ex-Jack Goyham To fill in for all the professionals user take it off today Kim will be on for Hank 4 to 7 Ricky William showed 7 with Danila Bansdard Looking some Ricky ass 8 to 10 it's a record hotline at Tony Romans 10 o'clock at steady cake Cause like I said the sun is down and he'll be safely out of his crypt and you are Mark Overnight Well, that the way it works right for all his cryptic comments 100 nine votes Who's the dumbest in the mall? None for sliced alone because he's smart. Okay, smile 0-4-1 Dan Quill 4 Jessica Simpson 5. How do you like that? So thanks whoever effects that in from Volca and Seconds the emotion I Realize you so stupid. I was got it Greg reads got a Greg reads tied with Arnold ever seen the two together same person same smuck My ties in 28 and George W. Bush 55 out of 109 quick votes on our pool Now let's find out who these people are rooting for okay Cubs Marlins or no interest. Okay. Let's let's run now. Let's take 4 500 calls between now and two. What do you say? Find me 5 670 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon to play off run is on let's get wild That's what they tell us to say over to Marlin office Let's get wild to play up pushes on go cups. I mean go uh see that if there's nothing about the Marlins in that you know Right Wouldn't you think like let's get wild with the Marlins or something? I mean these are two of the crappy Ascans ever heard my life. I don't want to get our good close friend what's your name upset over there Suzanne Suzanne racing She's racing to the phone right now probably to call him complain About the other comes slogan why do what's that go fish? I'll see everything is South Florida's the fish, you know the dolphins at a fish the Marlins at a fish pretty soon the Panthers will be fishing for like a new home And the cool Smith that's good for the poll and in the cool For our poll Oh, this is a good one the cheese head Tommy Thompson is good. Let's uh he made he made deputy look smart That's right he uh he the drink water out of a creek as long as our live I'll never forget that press conference the poor guy better way to guys still dead that Bob whatever his name was from the inquire Hmm from Lantana He drank water out of a creek. He was an outdoorsman. It's got nothing to do with and you know Anthrax he drank water out of a creek and the we don't know anything about all this Antrax right How do I ever catch the anthrax meal or yet? No how about Osama how about sada no how about Mullabula Omar no How about cock robin? Still know who killed how about this OJ find a real killers of Nicole and Ron yet? No, boy, boy. He's still gonna work to do so little time and so much work, you know W2QA and hello Yes, sir Adam is playing a causes nuclear fission right yeah fish on his W2QA and hello Meow that's that what we have here is a failure to be a have an IQ larger than my thumb yes, sir Meow there's any way you can possible that we can't listen to the Joe Rose song That's Joe Marlin he won out What song is that That's what base boys all about man, no Joe Rose, huh remember that song 1997. No, oh man Joe Rose had a song yeah Well, we're gonna dig it out. I'll put it like that. We'll dig him up with this song It won out What base boys all about that, Anna I'm right We can't find it will have you soon. How's that amigo? Okay, come down take two and call us in the morning We're actually gonna give you some and by the way speaking of a vineyard rigas He's got a big hard on five six seven. Oh five sixty pound fine. Oh, he says he wears his heart on his sleeve Is what we promise say Not that what did that that's Joe. He's at a one track mine. He's a jock. He's an s-jocco to fill out our showers without a naked guys WQA and hello WQA and hello Yes, sir We call Speaking Hey Look, we knew for you sir I'll open the glass. Oh god Nice and better. Oh yeah Right five six seven let's have say that cruising the national anthem at the first game at pp park on the Friday isn't Friday I hope let's see two damn wins the in Chicago. Yeah Friday. I don't want to get that wrong That would be bad since this is supposed to be your marlin station By the way Dave Edboring is still bad He is terminally he is so boring. It's embarrassing. I mean here they're in the playoffs. They won 20 games over a 500 other regular season They kicked the ass in a playoffs. They beat the giants And this guy still needs to get slapped on the side of the head to get any excitement out of boring. You're boring Dave Badherb see their greatest last minute side of head because that tingled pop off you know that Yeah, otherwise he might get excited WQAM Hey, new owner of the color color. I should be accused of can you about an Intimately she if you had the woman and you didn't want to talk about it. Yeah, right Dream on pal send us some whatever you're taking. WQAM hello They fall bloomed We love them marlin. Here's the south Florida excitement man. This is what it's all about 62,000 people on Friday 65,000 people on Saturday. They really care no, just something to do you know just hop on the old bad wagon hop aboard I've seen more enthusiasm this and a goddamn all you can eat buffet especially from fat rich 560 5050 let's go let's go marlin. Let's get with it you idiots out there WQAM hello First exciting thing to have it in this town since Ali on floated up on short. These people still can't get into it WQAM Yes, sir 560 560 Is it possible are we taking a baseball pole right now Oh my god Scott's right this is a bad sports fan. It is it's the worst WQAM sports central hello Yeah, okay, this how do you can weigh him hello? All right, thank you Joe there's a little dog Joe Rose. Is that a good come on let's Don't forget let's get wild the playoff pushes on and let's get wild the playoff run is on Now when you think they'd like set on one or both so lame to be using both of those I mean come up with something good Suzanne this is what they're paying you for she's in the promotions whatever her title is Good god almighty Somebody is paying this broad to be doing I was gonna say bitch that would have been bad to be putting stuff together Like that Brother people around death row for a steal unless the net Then whatever she's getting paid for this crap WQAM hello WQAM hello WB in the operators pissed off WQAM hello WQAM hello WQAM hello How big are you part? What do you want talking about What did I tell you I told you this was gonna be a banner din and Based on what I just felt it I knew it when I got under bed this morning I had also feeling that huh when you got out of bed you felt it I felt it I said to myself I mean that's what I thought and a two-letter was just like post nasal drip for my nose 567.0560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon length WD is got 74 who's the dumbest of them all my Tyson 35 Jessica Simpson 10 she's in third place Arnold's got nine she's ahead Arnold right now for dumb Greg reads got eight that's really saying something I's gone Jessica Then quail four and in a cool Smith got a pair Big and ugly 04's got one sliced the loans got one and Tommy Thompson your old cheese head he be heaven one I'll tell you where they have a big one a big gigantic blowout sale It's going on right now at hell of potty xgmc It continues this time living in Joe Prieto put everybody else under the table on top of it and behind it Here's the old-year number one save up to seven grand get the highest rebates of the year right now at hell of potty x plus get Deep deep way down to the your petal on these discounts and all remaining 2003 models including the u-con and the on-voi XL What's not to like the old-year number two gets zero percent financing from to five long Excituating years and listen to this at hell it right now as I speak you can lease a fully loaded 2004 grand pre g t for only 250 nine bucks a month or 36 month You get 12,000 miles here and out of pockety pillney 2500 bucks and as always how it's got the best selection in town A certified pre on car's process UVs You'd have to be certified to be shopping any place else and don't worry about your credit don't worry about a blemish You're too long away even if you want and what's new the first thing is still can probably still cut your deal at hell of potty xgmc It's the big 2003 blowout sale Let's go on right now and you'll find it 134.01 South Dixie highway that's you wish when across from the falls open every day seven days week For more info on these spectacitor unbeatable meal deals company. I'll deal hotline toll free Or maybe call normacandid home at this number call one triple eight five three four forty two eleven That's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven. I'll forget all meal deals Subject the credit approval see to folks at hell of four details at hell of potty xgmc Who are most definitely professional grade Sports radio high sixty Go miss the booth and I've been in there to the dwell to one an hour She's a perfect match Who likes the pleasure When she goes on You She's hanging like the straw me on right ankle just rancid snack Incultures rancid snack Imagine what you can catch From in coldness But Don't agree a Scratches with a brush She's a rollo And ill Marbuch will never get drug and call his rancid snack Hey culture's rancid snack A swirl of pool of crap And call to rancid snack She's Impuncing boys Now their place Walking with the bill or dough Burbly and decide if her buck in coldness rancid snack And call to rancid snack Go on to know what it can hatch And call to rancid snack I'm looking at misfly speak of that I'm looking at her girlfriend misdrages a website yeah, ABC news is Jennings prices Arnold LF time spaces anger first Schwarzenegger coverage It's set of him so on Although the big headline McLean that calls on Schwarzenegger resign charges prove it. He's all over the place All over the place this crumb again the scene first it was rush and our oil turns out to be a bigger pervert than we ever dreamed Arnold Schwarzenegger's love child scandal so says the inquire on line On the eve of the California governor to our recall election Arnold Schwarzenegger's embroiled in a love child scandal How do you like that? Oh my god according to an article in the London paper that Ali mail the Dilea mile a California woman Tammy Bay two-signat two-signants What's a fair two-signat oh has told Pels that Arnold's secretly father to send while he was already married to Maria Schreiber with at the missing chin Confunded by the inquire in front of her suburban home in Brea, California Probably right near the La Brea tar at Harpitz where she lives with her husband Tammy would only say I don't want to talk about this Tammy previously denied the claim to the British press and Arnold insisted Daily Mail stories not true, but An inside source told the inquire that Tammy and the iron on Arnold were very close to decade ago She was in her mid-20s when she and Arnold first met and struck up a friendship says the source She was a flight attendant aboard a private aircraft that Arnold frequently chartered While Arnold was married he was smitten by her bubbly personality. She was bubbling all over the place She was equally smitten by his celebrity status kind of sounds like that rubber plate pitch What that was her name? Bolly Bolly Bolly O. Martin can have a big seal for Bonnie Lee Bolly a Palatami said that only was there in a fair between Arnold and the and Tammy But that Tammy you know it's interesting there's a misprint here in this story Really it says there was an affair between Arnold and the Tammy So we got the Arnold and now we have the Tammy But that Tammy claimed that her son was fathered by Arnold when I contacted Tammy to ask about her pal's Allocation she denied or son is Arnold so but when I pulled her son's birth certificate I found the father's name was Blank You ready for that it was a link And even the woman herself admits that over to years many people have come editor on how much her son bears a physical resemblance to The Schwarzenegger Love Child claim is also been made by several other women in Tammy at the time according to the inside source A number of years ago rumors of artles affair with Tammy began to leech out publicly several people knew about their Women's and word was getting out By the late 90s Maria Schraver got wind of it and arranged for Tammy to lose her job Reporters when the Lee investigated love child story for London paper the Dilea mile and told the inquiry Despite Tammy's the Niles are researched this story for two months and I think it's right on or is the Brit say dead on But the inside source declared although Tammy dismisses the allegations that Arnold's the father of Rolda son She hasn't come forward yet with the DNA test to prove it isn't true until she does the verdict is out of whether California's Republican candidate for governor Father a love child And the creams are singing oh, I wish we had love child on you That's somewhere now, but should we do I bet you I got it, but Okay, let's find out comes Marlins what's your take cover? Let's go think excitement in town Nobody even for Elvis in this morning. Nobody's talking about the dolphins even though they be the girls team yesterday with a girls quarterback Nobody's haven't talked about that all the sportsers and we loved them Marlin, you know they're all whipped up with his funny friends. He and everybody knows it's true You can hear by what we're just going on here today. They all know it's true But it's something to do and it's so much true Who's the dumbest of them all? George W. Bush 87. There's nobody even close even my Tyson who's Those points 38 Jessica Simpson 16. Wow That's a little shocking isn't it? He's almost she's got almost double over the total a Greg Reid Arnold's sports nigger they each have nine And in the course of it six Dan Quill four zero four three sliced alo's got a pair and she said Tommy times someone that's because nobody has any idea They forgot how quickly they forget they don't know who that is Because the administration is so embarrassed by him that they put him in a closet somewhere in a broom closet Right All look at it definitely yes on a recall For all it's going down look at that Wednesday 52 Friday 47 Saturday 44. It's dropping like a rock That's a pull by the San Jose by night reader papers. Oh, they should run. These San Jose Mercury Journal. You see that That would say that they were likely to or probably would vote for the recall 41 percent pretty much said that they're against that Is a tightening up of things and there are many people who are arguing at a continues to tighten up the Schwarzenegger They're doing a Dillon and the Dillon the Schwarzenegger can't denies this never the last there has been a relentless pounding by the Democrats by the recall Continuing the ways the issue particularly is treatment of women in Schwarzenegger is Continuing to say miles that in fact it's time to talk about something else and it's really just part of a Like the issues is you're gonna start doing that is you're gonna tell us all his plans for getting rid of that budget deficit No, he's going to sweep He's going to sweep it in and he's going to Oh, and then what the best lines was either on the Peter Jennings in a broco interview He said he was gonna get specific with his responsibilities after the campaign was over and other was after they elect him Then he'll give you the answers to the question about all this crappy did you see that's a good way to do it It's like rush after rush retirees. He'll tell all his a ditto heads out there the truth about the pill popping allegations I've got how many thousands of these he was doing a year Yeah, WDQAM hello Martlyn's hotline, but we don't take too many voices. Sorry WDQAM hello Let's Martlyn's in go WDQAM hello Don't talk about normal like that place. He's very sensitive WQAM hello It doesn't matter between the mountains of the coast because it's the year the red stock Oh Hey, you better watch your peas and cues and aze if you catch my drip You still have some more work to go. Okay, before you start talking big the year to Redstock talk about a choking gagging Organization oh my yeah, you think the braves are a choke team You ain't heard nothing yet. Oh look at his leaf's lunch. What they'll say all about I'm ready to lose my lunch. Just think about this season Lisa tied Detroit one one exhibition this game on what was it? Saturday night and I forget which night. I can't keep them straight anyway in four two They won the right the ACC though night and five 18,800 people by the way Scott all many 18,800 well The Panthers had the 800 part Yeah, I was gonna say they had 18,000 more than the than the Panthers yeah because nobody cares about hockey in South Florida No, but he really cares about baseball, but they were sported out, you know They were all supported out from Friday and Saturday for those all those phony people Well, that's your an in Virginia says Arnold's a sexual predator and should be regarded as such by women voters you go girl right on sweetheart Who cares about the people in Virginia think, huh? It's like it's like asking our people what do you think? What do you think are they gonna vote in California? No, WQAM Yes, sir WQAM like you WQAM hello WQAM hello It's it must be even a convenience there's our close for young Kimberly oh, I got a paper jam George. Oh, oh talk Oh, we could talk about Dolls I'm here Gary's undercooked Amy the mind I said I fixed my paper jam real quick you idiot Don't be pit a piss it off Gary's son or man. He's a real plus it's young keeper. He's a real from Jew. You know that yeah, and I'm young keeper Got on this is Joe ball in the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil go When it's just been said I Over Oh, God, Romeo! Oh, God, Romeo! 16 at 5.60, W.K.A.M. Here's Bobby Newman from Cover Race Course. It was a little bit fractious inside the saddling enclosure. They're disc finishing getting the saddle on her now. Looks to think we ought to carry it. I wonder if Phil's working today. I think Phil's saltman's working to call it today. I'll go call. No, no, you don't have to call. I'm just kidding. Because I'm watching on the Erasing Channel right now. Yeah. And we actually have nine minutes to post. I'm at the 6th horse field, which is pretty embarrassing. And the three horses three to five. Let's do like an education. Let's punch our guts out. Where do I need your? Oh, not on your own, Kippard. That's bad. Wouldn't it be really evil if you're like Jewish and get caught with a track on your own Kippard? That's a good place to go. Go out to call her and punch your lungs out, okay? Just to show me how to participate in Amy's ridiculous organized religion. Uh, thinking that Popeye, the way don't look too good. No. He's on the way out. He said he's checking out. I'm just waiting. I don't know if he's just anything when the horses come out and track. Cause I think they're going to blow the show for a minute. And that's right. Run, run, how will they? They're going to blow the bugle post time for the first race of the car. But this is very exciting. It's a made in the special way. Would a person 25,000. You can get your bets in George. What are the six horse field? Which one do you pick? Of the purple one. No, there is no purple one. There's red. There's white. Okay. That's the one. That's the second choice. That's a good chance. He's seven to two. Scott picks. There's six now. White, blue, yellow, green, and black. Blue. Blue is the three. That's a three to one favorite. What's that? Oh. You're blowing it too hard, man. You're the wind. Are you going to call it or that? No, Phil Sautman will call it. Yeah, even if they're wiling, they're ready. Bring some on to the track for the staff to start. Phil Sautre is first half of the early daily double. The beginning of the rolling picks. Phil, you sound so Jewish in this race. They're on. Phil Sautman. You're going to get provided away. Oh, my God, Phil. Scott, four. He's a good guy. 11 Alagoreco, 13 stormy pleasure. 14 Jeb. Okay. You got George has the one who's four to one. I got the four now, which is five to one. And Scott's got the three four to five. Okay. That's what I feel. Wouldn't be something to one of the other ones comes in. Well, that's our luck. I'm going to get five bucks. And Scott's been. I heard him. Holy salary. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. Keep my IPO on here. I don't want to miss this. It's a set of leading first race of color. This is very exciting. And we have Phil Sautman working today on a Jew holiday. W to Q a M. Nobody there. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. See, only like less than 10% of our audiences Jewish. But on this particular holiday, it's, you know, everybody jumps on the bandwagon. Like I said before, even as far as his urge was shown his day. If the Opians or the Falacious, the Buddhists, all you kids out there put on your lashes, okay? It's the Jew holiday. W Q a M. Crankline line nine. Hello. W Q a M. Yeah, I have an hanging. Okay. And listen, I got a minute. I'm a Marlon bandwagon jumper from the front. Of course. But you got to make those last two games. Pretty exciting. You got to make that, can you? Absolutely. I mean, I'm on V of the 69 match. That was a World Series in 69. Yeah, screw the match. But you know, it's a, it's a, quite a thing for this 65,000 people to come to an event. This is an event town. Yeah, it is. I wish them all the best. You know, you know what that, what that really means when I say it's in a big event town. It means it's a bushley town. I don't know. I think they deal and they'll show up the rest of the town. They have no interest. I totally agree. I mean, you know, it's just, it's sad. And, but at least, at least I'm not talking building a stadium yet. Yeah. Let's nip it into bud, go Cubs. Anyway, I love that. I love that. I'll pitch a play with the, it comes mad. That takes me back to like, what was that? Me 80s when you used to go up there with the, the bomb. Did you just go to? Yeah. Murphy's bleaching. Yeah. I'm more capable. I'll see you today's man. How bad do you think of any, you're going to be, uh, gone for good now. I don't know. I don't know. He could go do three to 15 years. Uh, if he's then I look into good. Of course he didn't look good before this, but good luck to us. Okay, I have a great day, pal. You don't start with the hockey stuff. That'll be the end of us. Oh, do you got six minutes to fill off your park or we're not going to, we're not going to branch out. Cause if, you know, things get slow. Oh, did you see the story about frog eggs fall from the sky at a home in Berlin? Did you see that? No. Shades of Magnolia. Shades of Magnolia. God, do I love that movie? I don't, I don't know what that. I did to the, um, to the soundtrack. Yeah. Or it is. I love that. Sawer, I love the movie. I love everybody Amy Man. Well, it is so lonely, it's no longer that you ever did. Did you see there one or it might be a third of me? That could be a second. Can be as bad as one. It's the longest, no more than the most. I've got a long shot. I got nine to one. George is two to one. You got the second choice. I have to go to my odd's channel, which is like right. For, oh, like I said, I got no chance. I'm nine to one now. What just happened? I got a long shot. I got nine to one. George is two to one. You got the second choice. On the, uh, favorite four to five Scott, which, you know, that he's got about two dollars to show on the favorite. That's all he can, you're not a good. No, he's not a good. He's not a good. He's still at the show up there. Doing any risky business. Yes, there's still a bit in show it called or not a pop and oh, because thick fine Briggs a hard ass. Anyway, getting back to Berlin. This is not Berlin, uh, Germany. Berlin, Connecticut. I mean, you know, there was a Berlin, Connecticut. Did you? No, no, no. You do now. And a scene that sounds more biblical than plausible. Masses of amphibian eggs rain down on Primo de Agatas porch last month as the remnants of hurricane is available to the state. The agada. I'm so sorry. Baditaniana. At first, the agada thought the thumping noise he and his wife heard on the back Dick September 19 was hail, but when he went outside, look, the agada discovered a tiny gelatinous eggs with dark spots in the middle. Probably something to do with Robert Greeper. I couldn't even pick them up with a spatula. They were so sticky, did got to sit. Biologists from nearby Central Connecticut say universities say the eggs are likely from Frogs. See what I mean? What am I talking about? Uh, movie? Right? The Madonna movie? And because no frogs in Connecticut lay eggs this late in the years, scientists and natural, especially if they may have come up from North Carolina, another warm location on the Windsor, Isabelle. The agada brought a bowl of his mysterious find when he or by nature center after the town's annual town's animal control officer couldn't identify what had arrived in his yard. Nicholas Diaz, are there any like Americans? No, anybody named Smith besides Will? No. Uh, Nicholas Diaz, a naturalist and teacher at New Britain youth museum at Hungerford Park, took a look at Diaz Gada's bowl and told him it looked like amphibian eggs. It is quite possible to storm curate the eggs right up the coast and drop them here and then they could be said, if you had a strong wind and strong updraft, it could live something right up he said. Like that raining frog sting in Magnolia, which show, you know, there are people to dispute the historical accuracy, but they say it has happened and don't they say? What do they say? Who's they? People often bring animals and plants to the centerfront of an occasion. But Diaz got his eggs among the stranger things he's seen. It was hard to get my mind around the fact that these had traveled up from some some tropical area he'd be saying. Some of the eggs were brought to Central Connecticut City University for testing, but the origin could not be determined because whatever was inside them did live long enough to hatch. Said Ruth Roll and Shermo in these schools biology department, if it were to hatch, it would have been like a clone of Robert Greeper. Hatch days would allow scientists to identify the type of frog rather amphibian. The agada is keeping two small waterfield glass jars of the eggs to see if any of them will hatch. He said a few seem to have sprouted what looks like a tail. He said, I'm not sure if he's going to hatch. He said, I'm not sure if he's going to hatch. He said, I'm not sure if he's going to hatch. He said, I'm not sure if he's going to hatch. He said, I'm not sure if he's going to hatch. He said, I'm not sure if he's going to hatch. He said, I'm not sure if he's going to hatch. He said, I'm not sure if he's going to hatch. He said, I'm not sure if he's going to hatch. He said, I'm not sure if he's going to hatch. He said, I'm not sure if he's going to hatch. He said, I'm not sure if he's going to hatch. He said, I'm not sure if he's going to hatch. I'm going to have to be there. I see they're doing a spill it off your parking. Where's the culver race? You idiots? Huh? Oh, I see that there's simultaneous posttime. So for some reason, fill it off your parking. Press it and so we'll have to wait for the culver race. So we're going to do the break. Okay. How am I going to do this? Uh, tape it. How do I do that? If I tape it, you'd have to take me out of, uh, off the ear or shut you off as soon as you get into the break. Okay. That's good to come back on as soon as we come back. Good taken. All right. 25 past new to QM attention on mortgage offers. The following message can save you tens of thousands of dollars. Interest rates for home loans are shooting up dramatically. But there's still interest rate available. It's just 1.95% from financial group called 1-800-940-land. L-E-N-D. It is true. The economy is changing. So if you're even thinking about refinancing your home. If you want to move up to a better real estate investment, call our friends if an financial group tool free 1-800-940-land with 1.95% of these payments. If you have 100,000 low-neapillani 360-at-muk, a 200,000-at-lunapillani 3736 a month. So confidential group today and get that low-astonishing 1.95% interest rate given her as talk about. Call 1-800-940-L-E-N-D for financial group. There are an equal housing letter, credit restrictions apply, rates of due to change monthly 5.19-a-P-R. 5.19-a-L-K-O-M-E-N. Stocking. They come to the 16th poll. With the lead, it's Ms. Bluebird by 3. Many of the time is next and three more lengths to sexy stockings. Here's the wire. It's Ms. Bluebird goes, why are the wire? Who is it by 2 and a half? Any of the time takes the place. Sexiest stockings was third. What do we do at our watt? What I win? It's a six-horse field and three of us picks and we got half of the field. 21-at-colder, I had the fifth-of-a-L-Hover swimmers. I'm going to attend a one-shot. They bet my four-horse-doubt of 31. He came in a desperate staggering third and who was second. Choose a 10-to-one and you go to those gate to wire. Starts here with the Lacezman, a four-conditioner, a reliotribio junior aboard. I didn't like the truck. It was a penny at a time. She's been made for a long time. So when you see, wasn't going to get it there. Five, three, four. So Scott came in third. I-I-I, Scott came in second. I came in third and George, as usual, nowhere to be found. Our from Boca. Oh no! Not on the feedler. Welcome back to the Moha with a David or show on your mom, Lucas' station. Oh, we got a special guest during this today. Oh no! Not on the feedler again. That's cheap feedler yet, I'm scow. Go! And then ain't him either. Cast this? I'm even tighter dropping his date. But how is the ratings party? I don't want to talk about it. Why? I thought it was an old nude ratings party. Clarence told me everybody there was going to be in the nude. So I shows up naked and everybody ran out of there. Yeah, because she showed up naked. Now, he told me the way and the same thing. Oh, yeah, well. Oh, yeah. Here comes our special guest for real, right? Oh, what do you know? What do you say? And this is gotta be one of the premier radio shows on the air today. Well, you've got the thoughts and the bite. You really all guys are a panic, eh? What thoughts and bite? He's talking about real show, Moha. Let me tell you something. Watch out for that spoo shower. That guy there is gayer than limftre. Well, get loaded and hooting. Hey, there's no fraud to hooting here. This is a sports station. But in the top of your shirt. I don't know. I'm just up this town. What am I doing? No, I'm your tool bay. I suppose you want to make me know. Yeah. Everybody else wants me for their receptacle. Why not you? Here you go. No chance you'll pass me. I actually have an opportunity to get a smoking every day. I want you job. I job. I just had different kinds of ratings. I'll have you know I'm the king of the station. And you have the four. Four. What is the good? All he has got out of here. Hello, Mo. What's the meaning of this? Please, large fellas are here to escort you outside. What a good. Give me the case for the kingdom. I'm the king. My of course, Mo. You can always count on me. Yes. This car loaves and cam. Come on, Victor. Let's go. Let's put off. Drop that entire blue. Oh, man. I got one other thing before you go. What's the point? What's the point? What's the point? What's the point? There's a more way, fellas. What? Property to a 560 WCM. Six horse race. The opening race had covered. And we have three horses going and the out of his picture. Don't put your day job. Scott, that's my best advice. Okay. That's probably not a. Well, he, but he cashed his bet. I never done it. He bet two hours to show on a three horse. To probably get about 220 back to 40. That's right. Somebody fast is this. Eon, line thing. The wisdom of Jessica. To show her. A little house stupid. She has never realized she was so stupid. I had heard about some of these. Not all of them. Is this chicken. What I have? Is this fish? The situation Jessica asked her husband. Nick. To explain the flaky white meat inside of a can of chicken of the sea. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. The profound lesson Jessica is not afraid to ask questions that we've all pondered the time though granted most of us were in preschool when we were pondering them. But by doing so, she demonstrates that a true student of life knows that there are no stupid questions, only stupid pizza's plot of a plus. Oh, plot him a plus. I always thought it was plot him a plus. The situation Jessica reveals that while the duck-like stuff animals, she wins it in the museum park, maybe called a plot of post by most. To hurt little creatures, always sound like some obscure sesame street character. They profound lesson. The number of syllables of word has in no way an indicator of how serious a word it is, or whether it's a word it all. Padama Puss. Or just pad on her Puss. George tried it. Yeah, but her dad was here in the studio with her. What is all bunch of this crap? Not really worth reading. Or hey, she's a moron. Is what it is? She's a bimbo. She's one of the original bimbets Jessica Simpson. Blon and stupid. Kettico's hand in hand. Who's the dumbest of the mall George W. Bush 112? My Tyson 50. Jessica Simpson 23. I'm a girl. I'm a girl. And in the cool Smith 16 Arnold Schwarzenegger and Dan Querylley, you have 11. I don't think that these people are under estimating Arnold. You notice? Yeah. Just because he's going to be the next governor of California. They're under estimating the lengths of his stupidity to degree to which the literacy, the vacuousness. Greg Reed's god nine speaking of vacuous. He's a good pair. That's a good pair. That's a good pair. That's a good pair. That's a good pair. That's a good pair. That's a good pair. That's a good pair. That's a good pair. That's a good pair. That's a good pair. That's a good pair. That's a good pair. That's a good pair. That's a good pair. That's a good pair. That's a good pair. That's a good pair. That's a good pair. That's a good pair. That's a good pair. That's a good pair. That's a good pair. That's a good pair. That's a good pair. That's a good pair. That's a good pair. That's a good pair. Just checking. Just double checking. We got the big old before the game to where he was on this morning. That was pretty sad. I come in here. Open up the pot. Roll a big fat one. I mean, open up the pot. I'm looking at expecting me to hear more. At least guilty. And then I realized, oh, it's a juve. It's a young kipper. And who do I hear? I hear the big. And I shunner right off. But he's a good guy. But man, he's so bad on the ear. They know where to describe it. I'd rather hear the crow. At least he's funny. Right? Yeah, he is funny. I mean, oh, seriously. When's the last time? Who'd you rather hear? The crow or the big old? When's the last time you heard the big old say? Sweet. She's a mom prop problem. It's like that. I've never heard the big old one here. Or like, um, Hey, we're at Marim. Mani, Ramirez. I don't think I've heard it. We're at Marim. We're at Marim. Mani, Ramirez. Right. How about you and the me, but The me, but the ball. Okay, but. I can't even do good much. How. Man, I guarantee that the big old could never come close to that. How about you, but, and the me, but. I mean, the ball. Okay, but the big old red blowers in it. And my favorite severe, Rises. Ha ha ha ha. severe, Rises. It's one thing to have a limparist. But the half severe, Rises. Okay, they're all strawberry. There's a good one for our pull and shows money going all off the old nose, which is better than having to go up your income. Daryl, strawberry, excellent choice for our pull. Hills him up there. You watch. He's just a little stupid. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Marimus line. We're just killing some time until the big election in California tomorrow. That'll be the next hurdle that we have to hop over. Don't ask us why. Let's do some calls. WQA, and hello. Hey, Neil, how are you going? Okay, sir. What's his name? Crow. He's on that new. Why? Why? Yeah, he's on the OZ on the 85. Oh, yes. The aesthetic with deep clothes on there too. And they have the dolphin free game shows. I don't know how they meant finagle that time. The dolphin broadcast on there. What can I do that in Palm Beach? I don't know. I guess it's because it's not a bigger brush. Anyway. I like that one. I'm not going to care about Rush Limbaugh. Was that me like somebody from two years ago come back and told me, what your co-crushed up in and I get arrested. Did the same thing? If they had the proof, if they had the you on tape, and if they had the emails and things like that, you know. That's kind of lame. I mean, you know. What do you mean by that? I mean, I mean, I mean, I, if the guy's got a... Well, first of all, he's not going to get arrested. That's number one. There are no criminal charges going to be fraud against him. Number two, the main thing here is the hypocrisy. That's what everybody's all about. Oh, yeah, I totally agree with that. But just kind of fighting that all the things are on in our state. And that's they got to want to some guy who's drinking pills. Yeah, he's drinking pills. All right, later. And pop and booze. 560, 560, maybe the smoke in the old rope. He's smoking the old rope. He's doing the old rope. Pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon, wireless line. Now line 9 every time I look at it, I know. WQA in the home. See what I mean? All that one, one of the better ones we've ever had on line 9. WQA in the home. Oh, finally. Right. We're talking. Wow. You answered it. Well, what is it? Yeah, I got to the facts. I sent them and wanted to know about that about the Pope. No, no, no, no. What? Huh? You want to know about what? The facts that I sent Neil on the Pope and history on him. He'd be stunned to read that. And he also, I said another word about Ford. Did he say something about the fighting when I couldn't get in? Yeah. Henry Ford? No, President Ford. Are Gerald Ford? Yeah. Wait, so what? Don't say he was stupid? No, no, no. I'd say I could have walked in two gum at the same time. Well, that too. But I'd say I'm about the pedophile thing that it was written on him. Did he keep falling? Can the file things with Gerald Ford? Yeah. Yeah. Did you get the facts? There you go. You didn't get that facts, I sent. Have to be fashion man. No, I just said that about the two hours ago on the... Did you get that, George? You get this guys facts about Gerald Ford and the pedophile by priest? Oh, yeah. Are you guys got it? Did you get it? No. Holy. What was the smoke's right? It was at least... It was 650-09 years, where I passed it. 650-098. No, I think it's 650-093 as well. We've shared it down for a little while for repair. Okay, it was 93. On the guy that gave you the L.S. Smith picture's long time ago. Right. The fellow that went to high school there was Smith. I'll be damned. I haven't called him in the back. But here, hope you got better lips. Yeah, he was here all about a month ago. We got it. I know. Great plan. He is great. The Pope and Stevie Tyler. I'll take Stevie any damage, a better dresser. Anyways, we... we fasted that force. Will you please? Cause the times are wasted. 670-565-60 on the AT&T line 1240 on QAM. I'm here to support radio 560. QAM. Of the queen of so-flard and new ruggers should be in button in palace, but we'll keep him here. He's back. That's right. I guess good friend, good guy. Arnold Schwarzenegger. Yes, the colors from Grand Falls, Canada. Hello. I know that was wondering. Who should I don't? Satan. The devil. Satan is absolutely... Okay, my second question is, why are you running for governor? Why now? Every softender is a window of opportunities where Satan can return and bring heaven and hell together. And who are both of them for the next thousand years? Oh, I didn't know that. After I've won, it could be the return of Satan. Columbus, Ohio with Arnold Schwarzenegger. Hello. Hi Arnold. I was wondering. Can you stop? Okay, we're here. We'll go with together. See. See. Oh. Now you finished it. The hell with that part. It was very difficult. Yeah. I have no idea what she's talking about to be honest with you, because I know what I am. Stupid. The truth about Arnold Schwarzenegger. Thank you very much, Larry. The truth is he stupid. He's definitely taught us the 15 women outcome for 15. I guess the very short period of time. But the time we get through by the time they stare for in tomorrow could be... God, third man. But maybe not. And so no matter. Well, you know, that's an interesting point. You think there are more people considered about the Marlins in a Cubs series or whether Arnold wins in California, because it's not exactly close to Florida, but this has some like consequences, some significance, none of the above. I see. Robert B. Dundra, our preliminary polymer. Already got tomorrow's pulls up. I got pulls up the ass here, man. I've heard that. Who's the dumbest of them all is our pull under today on theorodr.com? Which by the way, don't be confused in theorodr.com with QAN.com. Maybe we don't have a link to each other. One is totally independent of the other. Okay. Right. I just mentioned that for those people who are supposed to be even looking at theorodr.com. I just mentioned that in passing. Who's the dumbest of them all? George W. Bush, 119. Mike Tyson 55. Jessica Simpson 24. She's dumb. And in the course, mid-16 Dan Quayle and Arnold Schwarzenegger each have a dozen. Ever seen them together? Same person. Greg Reed 10. Jose Consocco 6. Lys the loons got five. He's woven out of the loon. Joe Carrillo and 043 of peace. Marion Burry 2. Tommy Thompson at Cheesehead's got one. Martin Lawrence has one. Darrell Strawberry one. And nobody says well, Smith. Now, somebody who met him in person said that they thought that he was done more than dirt. Yeah, I don't know how dumb he is. But for he sure aggravates the crap out of me. Mm-hm. You know what are those people? I just cannot stand. Will Smith. He is arrogant. He's up noxious. He's talentless. Other than that, he's a hell of a guy. W. Q. A. M. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah, can I speak an ill? Speaking. Oh, Neil. Have you had a chance to get Alfred and his new book, Lys and Lying Lys? I have a right in the other room. I'm reading it. Oh, is that great? It is great. It is an eye opener of all eye opener. The lies that they're able to tell are unbelievable. Well, what's even more unbelievable is the suckers that are buying it all. That's what's really said. And the mainstream media that continues perpetuating it. Well, this is the whole thing, especially that that's Fox News Network. That's going to be the biggest joke of all in the air. Yeah. And the lies about the media being right wing, the left wing is just unbelievable. How they're able to get away with it. Did it. Unbelievable. Can we do right now, pal? I have a great day. Okay. Some are unbelievable. Because the public is, little like that. How about in our pool today? Who's done on this tomorrow? We should have put the American public. There you go. Oh, let's get that on there. It's not too late now. I second that. Oh, yeah. The American public, Eric. There you go. I hate to bounce all over here. Because he's done a phenomenal job, I think, on our website. I had a, most of the time, except that one day when it changed my stats page, and we really pissed me off big time. Don't do it again, Eric. Ever. Don't be doing that. Okay. It's like, you just can't do that. I'm just, I'm just double checking. I'm just checking up on him to make sure that we got the, oh, look at that. There's the dollar bill with it. I love it. Thank you whoever set that to is one of our regular people. One of our guys. Yeah. Whatever our regular guy contributors out there. There's the 11, 9, 11 bill. And there's George W. With that mustache that kind of like Hillary must have. I bet your Arnold, which he's had a few rows. And then he's still humped away and had poor a buddy. Whatever that dog. What's the name of his dog? Don't know. Looks like his buddy. Howard. Let's see. Arnold Schwarzenegger's Love Child Scanley. We got the new stories on air. Miller star fades in New York Times. Yes, she's a bitch saving the president from himself. I Richard Reeves. John Ashcroft, the Zelatwold's Vortious Future in his hands. After you, my dear elf Fons. U.S. years from cut and Iraq force. That's a fly opener. Report off or bleak outlook about Iraq well. Yeah, they've been lying to us. And then what concept? Uh-huh. About three billion gallons of oil. And it came to find out that even in their peak, it was like a two and a half billion. When it were like at the top of efficiency. The war on Alges, zero, the West has determined to suppress the independent Arab media by a woman who's husband got killed. On Newsweek says, several walking if it washington reporters contacted Wilson after the Novak column appeared. He says, including Chris Matthews from Hardball and others. Blair, New Iraq weapon claims were incorrect. There's a lot of good stuff. I didn't make a long stir. I don't know why I wish you a time with a whole thing. I'm theorragies dot com for those of you who are interested in something a little bit more cerebral than can I call Tommy a douchebag? She I think basically a lot of boys down to is that the radio show is generally for the morons. And the website is generally for people who really give a crap about what's going on a world. Quincy says, how about Bobby Brown? Oh, that's a good one. Ever seen Bobby Brown and Darrell's Donald strawberry together? That Donald strawberry. Never seen them together. And then it says, go Marlins, go Marlins, go Marlins, go. Absolutely. What it says from Quincy. Quincy's Bobby Brown, we put him on there. Yep. 560, 750, 60, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Marlus line getting tremendous enthusiasm elastic response to the big Marlin weekend. The victory over to Giants three straight winning the guy the in first run and the playoffs going to the NLCS against the cuffs start a Maranite in Chicago. It really feel. And Wiggly Pigley feel now. How come the opening games are in Chicago Scott because the cuffs won their division? Oh, that's right. The comes to the vision when it marlins were the wild card. I kept thinking of Marlins had a better record which they did. But that is not important thing because the cuffs did win the division very good. Excellent. Hey Scott, that one right. Oh, my god. I can't believe it. But you never know. WQM. Hello. Get it over with a cake. Okay. WQM. Hello. Hey Neil. I'm going to talk about the Marlins. A table blind comes back to call the winning that winning game. Yeah, I saw that. And it was Jo Angel doing the San Francisco local that he stopped the local. Tell us. He's doing. Of course they were doing the local on all of a sudden. Was he doing radio or TV out there? I think I don't know. That would have been interesting because those two guys that have the hit to each other when they left. They do. They probably didn't speak. They they they the last monster that they worked on a Marlin game. They weren't even speaking to each other. Right. Pressbox. I was watching the game on Friday with Rick, suck Cliff. And he kept saying how the Marlins bought the pen in 97. And you could say that about any team that wins. I mean, so what what do we have to write on the top? Stock Cliff is an idiot. All of the only good thing is that when he was speaking Tony Gwyn wasn't that was the only good thing. Tony Gwyn is such a fat musket. He's got the most bizarre on a set of the wood. Just get him out of the row. Okay. Just beat him with some tacos or something. Go on. There's another guy that's horse name is another Afro guy. I forget his name is another Reynolds. He does something game stirring the right. I don't know. Anyway. I don't know anyway. Harold Reynolds. Harold Reynolds? Yeah. He's terrible. Well, and you know what else is tell? Did he just send your hair to hurt him? Yeah. Oh my god. He sounds like he's from the hood. I was going to want to thought. Are you serious? I am just as. He looks like Captain I'm hurting him. I've heard him. I've heard you. You'll be on the journey. Mecha Lee games. He sounds like. I mean, I almost drove off the road. Listen, listen to these games. He's. Oh, well, for you. Don't go too. Don't go wrong. That's where we need to go for justice. Okay. I'll have a great day. Just calm down. Guys a little bit too worked up. You know what? Just a little. Just about the Florida attitude and say who gives a schmith. That's the attitude. Indiana priest with Florida criminal record. Strip your collar, father. Hammond and Indiana. A church stripped the northwest Indiana priest of his collar. Effie was arrested on charge of check for jury. Oh, I'll thank goodness this is a different kind of a skirt. Reverend Russell Leaming deposit a check it was personal account last month. Instead of one for the independent evangelical Catholic church, which was the intended payee. Said Bishop James Will Kowski. Leaming was convicted of theft in Gainesville, Florida 1982. Will Kowski said he wouldn't have ordained Leaming in 2001. Had he known the priest record. Right. Leaming attributed his defraking to it. This spewed he and Will Kowski have had. Over funds for a diocesan AIDS advocacy group. He said he would call the pastor rest in Florida. But believe the charges have been dropped. That was a long time ago. I try to put that behind me. And like somebody we know once said, It's probably getting pretty crowded back there. He told the poster be in a mirrorville for a story published yesterday. The independent evangelical Catholic church, which has 250 West members. Traces it through several faith traditions including Roman Catholic, Anglican and Orthodox. And if you notice the similarity between all the ancient religions that they all had a Saviour, they all had a virgin birthday, all had a crucifixion and all these things and a re-birth. All of this is above a mice. He's okay. Okay. So it's a question of which one school from which and who is the better salesman. And of course it's easy to make a good salesman when you make somebody not for the camera fuse. Like the Catholic church. Just a night just use that as an example. Oh, they never did that. Now we just made that up. Just the Jews made that up. You even. I'm going to make them an offer again. Exactly. 560560. You know, I got a bad blade. I wonder who is a gay blade. I got a bad blade. And I nicked myself in two spot shaving, which I very rarely do, but we all do once and a while. And they won't stop. I'm going to give you a mask. Yeah. Which two spots? Rectom. None of these cheap. I actually want like in a very strange place that you're going to throw it down. Yeah. And the cheek. Yeah. And the other one like the typical spot. Like right under your nostril. Oh, yeah. Yeah. And the president told me that when you have a like a boobo like that and your nostril makes it really cool. Painful when you inhale. You know what I mean? Yeah. You said, let's have a good rip start and time. You know what I said? You notice how that family seems to have such a substance abuse problem speaking a rush. Yeah. Everybody overlooks it. Everybody just seems to overlook the other way. The daughter is both had a little bit of a rage. And of course the jibs daughter has got a little bit of a rage problem. And it just seems to run in the family. And of course the jibs son towards pee, George pee. He's got like kind of a who's problem as well. And also a driving around in Wheatley's in your parking lot problem because his girlfriend dumped his ass. And the whole family seems to be like, functionally, uh, I don't know. Oh, I got a great. I you'll love the irony of this. This is one of my favorites. College station Texas. Oh, my, uh, five machines. The papers, Jambigan. Maybe it's not, maybe it's just an announcement. Channel 9. What is this all about? Channel 9 in Orlando. Well, I'll get to that. Let me just start with this. College station Texas. The George Bush presidential library foundation announced yesterday that US Senator Ted Kennedy would receive the 2003 George Bush Award for Excellence in Public Service at a dinner ceremony. How did the Bush library center of the Texas A&M campus on November 7th? Is this great? How do you? Former president Bush will present the award to the Massachusetts Democrat who will join former Soviet leader, McIll Gorbachev and former German Chancellor Helmach Cole as Bush Award recipients. The award will be presented in the ceremony at the library center following a five hem address by the senator and brother out of Torium. Senator Kennedy has represented Massachusetts in the US Senate since he was first elected in 62. To vote for the seat vacated by his brother, President John Kennedy, since he's been reelected seven times and is now the second most senior member in the Senate throughout his career, Senator Kennedy has fought for issues that benefit the people of Massachusetts and nation, especially the effort to bring quality health care to every American. Now, this article, of course, didn't mention the fact that he just got through talking about George W. And the fact that he's a liar and a scumbag, etc. But unless I find this to be, you just juicy as hell at it. The George Bush Award for Excellence in Puebuk Service recognized an individual or group's dedication to public service at the local state national institutional international levels. The award on this course, President Bush's long service and commitment to Puebuk Service. And probably George Bush senior, George Herbert Walker, will say, you know what? I think you may have a point. If you're a little bit more, you can see that you're a little bit more. The federal Americans, whenever I decide to get married, and you can be sure it'll be joining the New Rogers Air One to two hour. Excuse me. Oh, right. Oh, yes, he should. What are the reasons why stop super-understanding? Why the proper time is no people? This summer when I take my vote, I wish you a happy day with me. Oh, oh. You know that if the price is no much lie, I'm going to have to set the floor up. Why the reason price? One o'clock in five, 60 WQH, our gigantic one and two hour happy Monday to you. And moderately happy young kipper. That's supposed to be happy. It's a day of a tommon. It's a solemn day in it. Okay. And Fox a hoist. solemn young to two. I love this facts by the way, and honor of young kipper. You're insane. It's a Tony Gwyn provides more brilliant insight into the game than anyone I've ever heard. What do your listening must be very limited if that's the case. Because Tony Gwyn sounds like I'm munchkin. Okay, just annoying. Even forget about how you can listen to the substance of what he's saying. He sounds like what's the jerk from the parterage family, then he's going to do Spag. God. Suck Cliff is great too. That's great. Oh, yeah. The Marlins did buy that to series. You can't say that about any but that guy is an unadulter-made look, great moron. You're not saying to God the callers are more an I love you, Neil. It's a little lovely, but I'm insane. Well, that's what the movie that's why the show is so popular. What is this stuff about this Orlando thing? Because it's so long. I don't have time to be here as long as it's probably for off the air. There's some stuff about there. There's some stuff about there. Yeah. What's the story of the comments and just a little bit more? About one. Fox has mentioned in there. Yeah. Well, I'll talk about it. I'll read it off here. And I'll make a determination. I'll take it to committee. Okay. All right. We have a committee, a staff meeting here with myself. Oh, Tiger and alligator found a New York apartment. We can't let the day go by without mentioning Mr. Is one of my favorites. A tiger. Oh, and don't start with that. Raw. See. He, he, he, your bad. He's still not doing too well, by the way. Ah. Oh, there's the pictures on CNN. Look at that. Along with a three-foot alligator. Gage talked about it from his hospital bed in Philadelphia. I will lie that this is my calling in life. Oh, no. I'm trying to create a god in the he and some that is well-lacked. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Why did I do it? Why did I have to hear that voice? You know what I mean? I'd rather hear Tony Gwyn. Oh, no. Tiger and alligator found a man hat in a apartment. We're sent to an Ohio Wildlife Preserve yesterday. While their owner recovered from bite wounds inflicted by the more than 400 pound cat. That's even bigger than the one of the attack. Raw. Police at Antoine Yates 31 were face reckless endangerment charges after it gets out of the hospital from when she just heard his voice and tilted out where he fled. He was listed in good condition where he fled. Uh-huh. A team of animal control officers, police and Bronx zoo workers removed animals from Yates' fifth floor apartment a Harlem housing project on Saturday. West, our trove, our top. Directive of the city's animal shelter said the tiger and orange and white Siberian vankled, mixed up and kept in the apartments since he was six weeks old. The 20-month-old tiger now weighs at least four hundred twenty five pounds almost as big as fat boy. He's huge, our trove said, and the tiger too. The tiger went in the five foot long alligator, both in good condition were first taken to a local shelter, then to a long island animal sanctuary, then to a Ohio. And I guarantee either one of them had a much higher IQ than Mr. Yates. Clearly this tiger should not have been in any place in New York City outside of a zoo mayor, Michael Bloomberg told reporters yesterday. And then we just heard he was, they wanted to have a garden of eaten. This is what he was trying to do. But you're getting all the animals. Maybe because like Noah's arcan there, a couple of our Geraz kangaroos, right? Was he going to eat him? A 30-use day camera to monitor the animals in the apartment before shooting them with tranquilizer darts. Yeah, the garden of eaten and of course they yesterday tried to eat him. So if they're right in, then what's the complaining about? On earth's great Davis. What with it? Your outplay. I don't know. And of course now this is a really easy one to fix because if it has tightened up the meat call as much as they're saying how over the weekend, it will be really easy to put the fix in on this. Not that they didn't take weeks and weeks. Here's the fact that says isn't it just amazing that those hiver-firt right wingers like Wershlem are always knocking those horrible trial lawyers. How come Robert Novak isn't speaking on the advice of council and Rush just hired Roy Black? That's a good point. They're always knocking the lawyers. But boy, when they need one, they go right to the Roy Black is where Black boy. Now just a part. Here's one that says what is the difference between burning bush and the burning bush. One is the ideal image, a miracle on earth. The other is the symbol of God. And on your own kipper yet it says man I'm going to hell on the hand basket. What does this mean? Is anybody know? No. I don't know. I think we want to know. Who's the dumbest of them all? Now you're going to be very impressed by the fact that the American public is moving up rapidly. We just put it on there a couple minutes ago. We have 325 votes, who's the dumbest of them all? Let's go from the bottom. None for Bobby Brown or Will Smith. How can Bobby Brown have no votes? Stip competition. Is that what it is? Sure. Got all mighty. Bobby Brown. Hey there people. I'm Bobby Brown. That's the thing I'm the cutest boy. I want to play that. I'm going to play that. I just want to load those things. It's like when you take the first mouthful of fish food, you can't stop eating it. Bobby Brown or Will Smith don't have any. Tommy Thompson and Martin Lawrence 1, Mary and Mary 2, Gerald Ford and Joe Carrillo 3. Slice the low and Darrell Strawberry 5, but it'd make a good pair. They have a good time in there on the inside. Jose Consocco 7. Greg Reeds got 10. A man who just continues astonishing a public. Bucket are keeping that job. Arnold Schwarzenegger 13. Danny Quill 14. The American public 17. Oh, let's hear it for the American public. Oh, and in a cold 21 Jessica Simpson 27. My Tyson 65 and George W. Bush in the leak. Alicca Vizona 133 votes. Way out there in front. W to Q. I am. Yes sir. The 560. Uh, 560 W to Q. A. M. Yes. That's us. Speak in the ill. Speaking. The ill Rogers. That's me. That's my name. Oh, this is the word. I got to make for you Paul. Yeah. How about locally. Alex Sonnellis. No. He just, I don't know. He's annoying, but I wouldn't say he's dumb. Would you? He's the he's dangerous and he's crooked and he's put out of his. I'm not comparing people on this list. No. I mean, Joe Carroyo, he's like that. You know, he's going to teach canister it his wife. And his ex wife. Not too smart, Joe. I want to play that. I'll just play it the rest of the yard. Okay. I love that. There's something about that song too. My hero. Do you know anybody named Shurano Sharon? No. You know. Yeah. How maybe that was there was a Canadian involvement in there because maybe one time somebody asked a friend. What's your wife name? And it was a Canadian. Sharon. Uh, huh? I saw that. How do you put the A on the end of Sharon? What is this Shurano crab? You know, I'm going to throw it. I never heard of it. That was her name. The chick there thinking about. I understand that. But what kind of a name is that? That's made up. Made up. Is that like, uh, Shakira? Maybe I can Shakira now. Look at this. New poll shows Arnold's lead over what the body is zero. What is the main part about it? I'm frankly, I just turned on a bunch of us. That although any number of people might under normal circumstances reconsider their vote against our four Arnold Schwarzenegger and maybe turn against them. What is there's a real strong negative feeling about gray Davis in the state? So what it's going to come down to is a choice between the uncertainties about Arnold Schwarzenegger and all these accusations versus somebody that they are certain about they don't like a gray day. They hate him. See, this is the Democrats falling in. If they would have put up somebody, good. He said, Cruz Booster, Monty, you know, he's got the personality of a bullfrog. He looks like a bullfrog. He looks like a bullfrog, no, nice haircut. He looks like a Mexican bullfrog man like a beaner. Big fat like he's been eating too many beef burritos with beans. I don't think it's the beef that makes you fat. I'm sure that it's those beans. That's why there's so many fat Mexicans even under their slippers. They have no money, but they're fat a lot of them because they eat all that bad diet, right? See, all that bad bad dives. Like, you know, then, Antiochoma, they got on there right now. Those church shootings. Do you see that in Atlanta? Yeah. But it had recently been in an open, going to be a huge grab. What is a lot of bad crap going on? And a lot of fat people run around too, like a bad diet. I'm going to hit Lazani, that you talk me into it. What? Well, no, I don't know. You know how it goes during the show every now and then I'll see something on TV. I'm like everybody else in it. Who that looks really good? And he starts grinding on you and working away at you. And I'm like, for example, through Ant came on right now for, Nestle's third life scheme. I guarantee I'd say, hey, I'll see you tomorrow. It's okay. And I'd like to write a line here by convenience store. Get a big tub of it, you know? And if you need a high-mine, I'll see you tomorrow. Well, maybe I wouldn't. You never know, but at least I have a good time on a way out. Dan Snyder died in the hospital last night, 25-year-old Atlanta thrashers play a C for All things that that's funny. I mean, you think that the tiger's story in Vegas is funny. Which I can understand, right? Because you had to do with, you know, using and abusing animals and exploiting them for fun and profit for a long time for many years. This particular case, this was the car crash, and the kid that died was not the one who was intoxicated and or driving. He was a passenger. Yeah, that's unfortunate. I'm sure somehow. Right. And for me, I'll go, ah, blah, blah, blah, blah. You know, he's happy every time somebody else dies, I guess, because it's not him. You know what I mean? Sure. Who is? I think maybe he's got a point. I think both stories are funny. Fum, yeah, we call it a cause you're an asshole, and at least you admitted. You know, that was the first thing Scott said to me this morning when he came and he's I'm an asshole. Remember that? That's right. I'm going to get no argument on this. Uh, neck of the woods. Anyway, Bob Herbert has a good comedy or time thing. I'm going to read a few of these things because the calls today have been a little on a week's identity. Do you do the wrong vomiting? How can you say that? Now they've been entertaining. Right? Okay. No, then nuts have been a lot more entertaining than the serious sheriff. That guy before I'll just about put me into a coma. I don't even remember what he was talking about. They got into a fat. It was a bone. He was roaming. Bob Herbert writes, he may once have admired Hitler for whatever reasons, but I'm sure if he has Arnold Schwarzenegger when he admires most. The honest answer would be Arnold. Welcome to World of Undylued Narcissism. The man who's now the betting favorite to become next governor of the crazy state of California has spent a lifetime pure wedding in front of cameras and mirrors. Conflating his naval and every other part of his once buffed Bob. And article in the Times that the feeling like Kennedy had, you know, to speak to maybe 50,000 people at one time and having them cheer or like Hitler in the Newer and Berg Stadium. And have all those people scream at you and just being in total agreement with whatever you say. The anoration is the thing and the mad, mad world of Hollywood Startem. The undylued narcissist doesn't have to worry about what to say. The images everything. The words come in a script. It's a splendid system. The mind, understood by original thoughts, can remain focused on the most important matter which is always the self. Mr. Schwarzenegger's given a several striking examples of the danger inherent in a character speaking with other script. When a farmer asked him by California in the state, environmental protection agency when there's also a federal EPA, Mr. Schwarzenegger had lived this follows. What you just talked about is the waste overlapping agencies they caused the fortune. We have to strip that down and give it to some of those agencies. Oops. Arnold's handlers script read his wife and they have the name or quick to say he really didn't want to eliminate the state agency, Cal EPA. No, no, no. He definitely didn't want to abolish the agency, which just happened to have been founded by the coach Chairman of his campaign Pete Wilson, the former California governor. The man hasn't a clue. He's a real candidate, but he campaigns as if he's playing one on TV. In another unscripted moment, this one relating to his behavior with women the candidate said, I don't remember so many of the things that I was accused of having done. I believe him. For one thing, he's apparently been acting bursely or worse for several decades. If you reach out and touch as many people as Arnold's supposed to have touched, it would be impossible to remember the mall. Narcissism in its purest form is all consuming, at least little or no room for the consideration of others. Life is all about that special individual, me. In the court attributed to him in the book proposal, Mr. Schwarzenegger was unconstrued about the profound differences between a candidate and a Hitler, it was interested only in the wild applause, the unrestrained adulation and how he might get a taste of that for himself. Narcissism is about seduction manipulation and the quest for power and control. There's no better breeding ground for it than Hollywood, but even in Hollywood, Arnold is an extraordinary case. He just grants whatever he wants, in this case if he wins tomorrow, it'll be the governorship of the biggest state in the union. He can do this because the public allows him to do it. After all, he's a movie star, the Terminator. Why should anyone demand that he come up with some kind of program for a Schwarzenegger administration? We've even demonstrated a minimal understanding of the state's problems or how its government works. Mr. Schwarzenegger is a favorite in California because, incredibly, he's perceived as a strong leader by many voters. In reality, he seems little more than an aging, but still frisky goof artist, a fun-loving ego maniac with a winning smile and for a little understanding of what is appropriate behavior. But he's pred spectacularly strong leaders in one cartoonish movie after another, as scariest it seems for a lot of voters in California. That's the reason enough to hand in the reins of their government, right? Bob Herbert, who comes today's New York Times, that's called Bobby Boy. 114 at 5.60 WCWM. If you're a toss-in-turnin because your macro sucks, that's just because the world is going to hell in a hand basket. That's because our president is done more than sawdust, and the next governor, California, might be even done more. But because your macro sucks, it's had it. Even the best macro isn't the last forever. Here's the answer to your problems. Do your back and yourself a big favor by calling my friends a dollar mattress like I always do. They offer to lowest prices the best deals, not just at special times, but every day 365 days a year. For the lowest discount prices on the best day in the ceiling, sur'd a temper-peed eximutes. A King Coral insurance in Benanas Foster called 1-800-MAPRUS. No nonsense, no blatant switch, no house brands, no false promises, and best of all, you don't have to pay any premium for getting the best service in the world. And it's true that we do this and they show up on time when they tell you, whenever it's convenient for you, you picked it to our window for me to make it in the morning till 10 at night. Any day seven days a week and like I said, they'll be there, noon to two, one to three, two to four and set it away single day, sitting on your ass and praying that somebody shows up. I've been saving out of mattress for these people for years and look at me, I'm just a picture of good health. You ought to be doing the same. With low prices, same day delivery fee set up at某al, it's easy to see why dollar mattress is ranked number one in the world in customer satisfaction. Isn't that there, is that there slogan? Yes. I'm like the Marlins, the people of Dalmatra say. We're number one, dammit. Yeah, I'm a place safe dammit. Anyway, don't be fooled by those mattress, your rooms and furniture store ads don't get sucked in by that, because they can't come close to matching what you get every day from Dalmatra's column today. You'll be sleeping in comfort as soon as tonight, 1-800-MAPRUS, 1-800-MATT-RES, or online, it's mattress.com. Bye, and local, we're sports-win-U-56-U-A-M. Bitch. That's a movie. Don't lie. All the hard for. Don't go, don't go. Every time I see. Don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go. That's a pretty hard hit here, which. Don't go, don't go, don't go. I'm TV. Who cares, President, come. Repolicate muscle, this, and in our take, it's hideous. I don't know why. They're worth one, just go, but no need to hear. First rule to make for you. With President Trump's. You won't get a f***. All what I get to, you've got no control. And get to win all what it is. All the hard. Here you want this. Don't go, don't go. It's strumming stupid. Don't go, don't go, don't go. That is strumming rich kid. Don't go, don't go, don't go. Easy, man. Lumber than me. Please, President Trump. You're no care what it is. You got a man by the front cross. You're a Christian, right? No one does. You and I will help you. We've got a great leader here. With President Trump. Who's the youngest in the mall in President Trump's place? He's been away for 139 votes. Mike Tyson's 68. And the American public has moved it up rapidly. 36 having surpassed Jessica Simpson, like she was laying flat in a prone position. This is a good news. Good news. Yeah. What? Supreme Court overturns tobacco judgment. Excellent. You see, I've been Tom and screaming about this for years. Not that I'm a friend of big business and all these grave robbers, but the fact that I'm at a risk, anybody who's stupid enough to continue smoking and smoking and smoking and smoking. Uh, they know. It's right there when a guy they have pack a cigarette. How many years did they had to put that on there? About 30 man. Yeah. The Supreme Court today threw out an $80 million for the beginning cigarette maker Philip Morris. Call for Philip Morris, remember Johnny? No, no. Well, that's when advertising has cigarettes used to be legal on TV. And it was very entertaining. Call for Philip Morris. I think Johnny who did the Philip Morris boss was related to Tony Quinn, although some of them are later complicated. I think it's a true story. Now, what is this? Home of the Coco Cola? What does this mean? I don't know. Home of Coco Cola, low-smotor speedway, Nascar. What does this mean? What you just asked me? I don't have a risk church expelled over a game man. Rolling North Carolina before we get back to the Supreme Court. The Baptist Day convention in North Carolina is expelled. A Kabaris County of it's with two hours. Or is it Kabaris? Kabaris? County Church for accepting two game men as members in backpies. You, man. Oh my God. The action by the state's largest religious group represents the first time the convention is gone after a church for having openly game members. The 36, how a 3969 church convention, previous day kicked out the, this is making sense. It should say, remember. There is a number, I don't know. Exploring a church is mostly symbolic because the affiliation with the state convention national, so the Baptist convention is volunteer. While the basic, the bottom line is that we're the new scapegoats. Okay. Used to be the dark folks in there with somebody else, and now it's the Fags. So for a long time, for many, many years, because Fags aren't too popular. You're the mayor. Right. Oh, that's Robin Jones again. You just played. I know. The Supreme Court throughout an $80 million verdict today, and cigarette maker Philip Morris the verdict for the family of an oregon janitor who died 97 along cancer should be reviewed by lower courts to ensure it is not uncostitutually excessive justice is said. The court's action was encouraging for business, which hope a Supreme Court were earlier this year will lead to reductions in large punitive damage verdicts. It was the second victory for Philip Morris and Slegal battles with the family of Jesse D. Williams, who accused the company of concealing information about the dangers of smoking. William started smoking in the 50s when serving the Army in Korea, and he laid a smoke three packs of marlboro's today. He must have been a real man then. Right? A marlboro man. The marlboro man. Muttarata. That was an answer. Well, what's that guy to do with marlboro? That was an old dog food. That's it. Well, same thing. After a jury in 99 order of the company to pay the women's family 79 and a half many dollars in punitive damages to judge reduced the word a 32 million, a state appeals court re-instated the punitive damages of the word last year, 80 million. The Supreme Court ordered Oregon courts to review the judgment light of the ruling earlier this year that a jury went too far in ordering an insurance company to pay 145 million bucks over the way it handled payments from a car accident. Andrew Frye of Washington and Turnie for Philip Morris had told the court that like the state farm judgment the verdict against Philip Morris was out of line. Out of line. Robert Peck of Washington, one of the Williams lawyers said that by setting aside the judgment, the Supreme Court would be inviting everyone happy punitive damage defended the file appeals. And anyway, there you go. There's a little bit of good news all day out. Then they'll go through that probably still give him like 50 million. Let me say it again, boys and girls cigarette smoking will kill you. Okay, probably. Now you're sure. If you smoke cigarettes, you will die. How do you like that? Is there any debating that? If you smoke cigarettes, you'll die. If you don't smoke cigarettes, you won't die. You will die. So smoke em if you got him. I'll speak out of that what a great segue to this story. Now, Canada can understand by Prime Minister Jean Créchaine seems to be in such a hurry to push through a law decriminalizing murder to we need. Créchaine, 69, said interview published on Friday, that he might try to give, give Pada try once it's no longer a criminal offense, presumably after he retires in February. And boy, there really anxious for him to retire. Either the new law of pot uses but only pay a fine of cow what's small amounts. How much? How many ounces? How many ounces? How much is the fine? I don't know what his marijuana he said. I don't know what it. See, talks out of the side of his mouth so he said, I don't know what his marijuana. Perhaps I will try when it will longer be criminal. He's a literate. I tell him. I will have my money for my fine and enjoy the other hand. He said, well, he speaks their frog. You know, he said interview with a Brinepake free press. Over the objections of the US administration over the drug hysterical, including I'm sure. Rush, you know, Rushy, probably sniffing Rush right now, was on the air. Créchaine's government said he'd reduce the bill which would end criminal penalties for possession of 15 grand half an ounce or 15 to 30 joins to Merge Wini that remain illegal however to buy only tickets. What is it? Oh, but only tickets had be handed off, Miss Prinn. Some members of Créchaine's liberal party opposed the bill however was answered whether it passed in time for his retirement in February. They're smoking it all over the place. Nobody here here is okay. We got bigger fish to fry. More important things to worry about. Somebody smoking some goddamn stupid little joy to pin joy like Clarence Token Thomas. Who is the dumbest of them all is our poll question today? It's a good thing we had that one thanks for the five names. George W. Bush is about 143. How many votes we got so far? 302? George W143. My Tyson 68. He seems to be stuck on 68. The American public which came out of nowhere has got 43 and zooming up the list. Jessica Simpson 28 and the Colesmith 26 Dan Quail 14. Arnold's only got 13. What does that tell you? And that amazing? I don't think they get it. No, I don't think so. I know. Jesus is on. Yeah, good. Greg Reeds got 11. He should be doing better. Jose Conseco's got seven. Daryl or is that Donald strawberries got six? What's his name? Daryl. Slice the loan five. Joe Carroyo and Bobby Brown four. Yes, he is real name is Donald Strawberry, which is what he used to go. Daryl and the crap. Gerald Ford 3. Don't fall down, Jerry. Marion very Martin Lawrence and Will Smith feature him to. And Tommy Thompson, he'll cheesehead has won only because they still have no idea who they're letting. My high five. And more. This is for 205 60. You way is you way, M. Topping in the time machine. Oh, won't you come along and change? No, here's the golden vector from WQA. Right now. All right. My name is Blackham. My name is Blackham. My name is Melty. My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is Im Now My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is And I'm your name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is my name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name is My name I don't give a fuck, God sent me to stink the world up My aim is MINE IS MINE IS MINE IS MINE IS MINE IS MINE IS MINE I can beat you back and do your heart No matter what, I've a problem, I'll get you two out of lean 엔 eye and do myюсь I shont my face even sleep When my manace concluded my tongue wound the character Sl Schritt club, my head was holding He says My tail isurn deep My pattern's not a big cell But over to a dance that had a fucking agar She lifted a leg up and I knew she was a father Not enough to send him out alive, I was lied to I just narrowed out my mom got home gas and I knew I told her I'd grow up to be a famous rapper They were rapping about strange noises Made on the crap of her You know you would dirt when the women rush to leave You dropped a holder back but you mustn't even relieve her This guy at white castle, the Senate was pretty cool But I had to go, drop the kids off and boom My penis, my penis, my penis My penis, my penis My penis Back home My penis, my penis My penis, my penis My penis, my penis Can you imagine me one of your Mexican spanked her One, thirty, two, five, sixty, double, forty, forty, one Cruise, who's demonic? Oh, something stinks in California, I'll tell you that He has no chance I'm just telling you that right now The only question is, what are they going to like to vote for? They'll be called against, okay? Either they'll vote for, we call, and Arnold will win Or they'll vote again in great episodes Stay in there hanging out by his a thumb Because Arnold is a, here's the latest Arnold Schwarzenegger started a potential harass Malagations behind him today Is a new poll indicated, some voters were having second thoughts About recalling out of the great Davis The campaign is not losing momentum Schwarzenegger's spokesman Karen Henry told CBS is the early show A four day bus tour of the state that Schwarzenegger concluded in Sacramento on Sunday He'd run thousands of enthusiastic supporters Hey Arnold, Arnold, they're the terminator I'll be back I still have these stuff A poll of a thousand registered voters conducted by the L.M. Aguary Search for Night Ritter From Wednesday to Saturday, five of the percentage of people saying that The only vote to House Davis dropped from 52% on Wednesday To only 44% Saturday, the poll had an overall margin of error Three percentage points, the poll also showed Schwarzenegger's lead over Lieutenant Governor Cruz, Booster Monde, to replace Davis narrowing Slightly from earlier survey Today, the last full day of campaigning Schwarzenegger Plan campaign stops in San Jose, you know the way? Huntington, Veech and San Bernardino, Davis was scheduled Appearance Sacramento San Francisco in Los Angeles While Booster Monde planned appearances at Taco Bell He shifted to... What? Nothing? Is that like a being or comment you just made a comment? He's a silly person. The shift in support for the be called Not that Arnold is less silly. The shift in support would be called follow allegations from Fifteen women that Schwarzenegger have grouped in verbally harassed And during encounters, they didn't really sever these And recently is 2000. Here's the faith my favorite part Schwarzenegger was acknowledged and apologized for having Behaved badly toward women in the past. Planned the allegations on last minute dirty campaign tricks And said some of them are flatly untrue. He's not discussed Most of the allegations specifically. He wanted until after the campaign. Love it. I can get into all of the specifics and find out What is really going on. But right now I'm just really occupied With a campaign-y-tooled date line and B.C. yesterday. I want you to listen to that again. I can get into all of the specifics And find out what is really going on. But right now I'm just really I can't hide with the campaign-y-tooled date line. That is so it just It boggles my mind. He told ABC's this week I said it. It couldn't remember many details Connected allegations going back more than 15 years But said they could have been true. It doesn't make any sense to go through details here What is important is that I remember what was happening 20 Years ago, 15 years ago. But some of the things sound like me Which I was the first one to come out and say, you know, Some of these things could have happened. I want to apologize To the people if I offended anyone because that was not my intention He said, no one ever came to me in my life and said to me, I did anything. They said, I don't want you to do that. You went over the line Arnold. Of course, I guess you don't tell the terminator you went over the line Do you? No. No. So there's the latest here. And I kind of read that one again. I can't get in all the specifics and find out what is really going on. Right now I'm just occupied with the campaign-y-tooled. Man, it just I still can't believe it. I can't believe that there's like a serious discussion going on about this. Is if there's any is there any question? No, there's no more on. Does he have any experience? No. Any plan for any analogy? No. Anything. No. And that's why they like him. Because number one is not great. David's number two. He's the terminator. He's a celebrity's Arnold. Did you see the up the night that he announced it? Which was total shock because Jay Leigh-o-thed was going to see wasn't going to run. Right. And I think that whole thing was staged anyway. They knew ahead of time because this whole thing was cooked up beforehand. But at any rate, and the minute that he announced, did you see that the clip a couple months ago, you know, he was going to run any audience let out or shriek like it. It all just been told they won the lottery for 50 million bucks a piece. Oh, I don't know. Yeah. Crazy people. Mm-hmm. I'm here in Tia when he does one in the bull. It smells like crap. You know? When he drops a big load, he pitches it. Man, it stinks like Schmidt. But oh, he's a celebrity's in the movies. He's the terminator man. He's going to be a good leader for California. And like Ron Brownstein said, he's going to education. I mean, I heard him say that and I went to the NFL today or something. I just, I couldn't believe it. I couldn't believe that who was supposed to be a journalist for the L.A. Times. Well, I want to one hand is talking about holidays, allegations are true. They've been checked out and then on the other hand, well, he's strong in education and he's strong on his and yeah. Man. And that was supposed to feel sorry for Maria because, the pressure now, all these allegations, he's wilting under the pressure now. He's crumbly. Mm-hmm. Poor Maria. Enter $80 billion that the kid of these are probably siphoning off to her every goddamn year. Poor Maria. I wonder what Teddy thinks of all of us. You know, so he's been kind of mom on it. He's going to get them out here. He's going to stop and fire it up. Don't you think? Absolutely. He's probably down the street. No, no, no. Yeah, he's got that. But he is. Oh, here's some shocking news. The Beatles record company is unveiled the cover of a stripped down version of the bands album. Let it be, which is due to be released next month. You're going to buy it? No. No. Get it for free. Can I steal it? Yeah. Let it be naked. Features the original cover shop that has a negative in black and white mounted on a gray background. The idea being to strip the image back in the same way the music has been overhauled. Really artsy, Farsi. The new version of the album recorded a mid-acromony mainly in 1969, released the following year, takes the music nearer their desire to return to basics as expressed in the optimistic claim on the original sleeve, this is a new phase Beatles album. It strips away the orchestration and live-ish production work of Wall of Sound producer Phil Spectre, which had been criticized not the least by the album of Curtney. Phil Spectre, he shoot that prod? Yes. So they say, yes. My surp on McCartney. Let it be was recorded. The bridge is such a bunch of silly people. Sir Elton John and surp on McCartney. And Sir Du Spag and Daymedna. Right. Bitch. Let it be was recorded before the acclaimed final album. Abby Robo was released later due to disagreements. We led the band of splitting in 1970. The new version will be released November 17 and we'll have a right here on QAM by Hooker by Crook. A statement from a Cartney said if we'd have today's technology back then, it would sound like this because this is the noise made in the studio. It was all exactly as it was in the room. The right there now. That's interesting when we said that because this is the noise we made in the studio. Not the sound we made. Not the music we made. This is the noise we made. All the parts were in there by the way. It was part of the stage. Then he just looked like he farted a lot. Yeah, he did. Ringo star. He's not a musician. He's not entertaining. He's not interesting. He just looked like he farted a lot. And low. This is for 30. I see. 2. 2. And. Man, the child. I'm out. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I'm gonna take it guys. With a big squid head. I win all my fights. Except the ones that did. Yes, I'm the type of guy. It's how to make the things and show him that he's yours. And it's awesome. Really think. I'm the type of guy who always get the third. I show Carl Williams that the truth can really hurt. You're the type of guy that thinks that I'm a bomb. So I'd say you that you're us and you're in. I'm the type of guy. With my even and my bobbin. I only lost one fight. And the biggest man with robin. I'm the type of guy. To make the people laugh. And put them in down. You know, the men is in a hand. I'm the type of guy who makes the people stare. Just because I treat all. My catch and don't care. I'm the type of guy. And the public just attacked me. And if you don't believe it. When you had better ask me. I'm the type of guy. Let's put it to the show. I'm the type of guy. So I'll give it to my keepo butt. Yes, I'm the type of guy. Next fight. Come to my face. I'm gonna kick you in the ass. Quirk. I think I don't make the people look good. One, forty, four, six, he's all through the mad dog. Come up into a clock. And it's a jewel holiday. So no hang today. We got Kimba Boakamp or good Goys your boy. Beyond four to seven. Ricky, what do you show seven away? That the cleabilinter with Dan Lobastard will be doing a rim job. And then you got her, Koon Hotline to date. Eddie, after that. And the jewel mark overnight. Did we find out that Mark Eisenberg worked our last night? We did not find out. Well, why not? I hope you can hear those. Or there's nobody listens to it. Because nobody knows. Because nobody listens to it. 154 for George W. Bush, who's the dumbest of them all. But my Tyson, the reason I've played that is doing a very respectable second with 74. Not in the class with our commander and thief. But the 74 American public, we decided to put that on there and look at the way it zoomed in the third place. Then I would eat and I have a feeling it's going to pass my Tyson like he's in the prone position. Jessica Simpson, who probably spends a lot of time these days in that position 29. And in the cool 28, Arnold's only got 15. Arnold. He's a freaking genius. Dan Quill 14, Greg Reed 11, who's a Consocuit Derell's strawberry 7. Slice the lone six Bobby Brown 5. I've never played that I will. Joe Carroyo 4, Gerald Ford 3, Marion Dury, two Martin Lawrence 2, Will Smith's got a pair in Tommy Thompson. The old cheesehead who drinks water out of a creek. Or is the air to see if a creek in his neck. He's got a pair out of 424 votes. Not bad. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T of Arizona. We only got a few minutes left. Let's hear some real enthusiasm. Now for the Marlon Cubs series starting tomorrow at P.P. Park. Is it out there? Yeah. WQAM. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yes. I like to speak to Neil police. Speaking. Neil. Yes. I have a team with California. Go copy. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It comes. This is their first appearance in a playoff and a final round playoff game in 95 years. 95 years man. Don't you think that alone gives it we ought to be rooting for him? Oh, I see how many of you came out. They went to the championship series in 84. But they lost. No. Yeah. They lost San Diego. In the first round. There's only one round back then. Yeah. Well, I'm a Huckermall thing. It's the first 95 years. Are we supposed to believe you and this believe all the experts? They may vines out there? Okay. We've really Scott, don't we? No. WQM. Hello. Any other going? Okay. First of all, I'd like to give you credit on your second abilities. We're predicting the more than four. I didn't say that. I said they went three in a row. I didn't say I know whether it would be different. Well, he's part of it. I said in four. And they lost the first game. Everybody's like, oh, what are you talking about? You're like, well, I didn't say which three. Right. I was second of I want to know if you got the new listening ghost idea. No. You're going to get a kick out of it because the name of it is 33. I guess it's age or just called. I'm 30 man. I'm 30 man. How are we doing? Exactly. It's got some great songs on you. I want to look at that. I'm going to go up pick it up today. Yeah. Third of all, you probably got a kick out of this. I know you liked bowling for Columbine. Yeah. Michael Moore, September of 2004, great timing because of the election in November. It's bringing out a movie on 911 Weekend called Farron Heights 911. The description on IMDB is Michael Moore depicts the tragedy suffer by the American public 911 and how the Bush administration used it for their advantage and profit. Excellent. Excellent. Incredible. I can't wait for that. And in conclusion, the answer to your poems is on your dead colon. Ask the cameo videos later. See you. Luis Miguel CD and also before night falls with Johnny Depp and the Anxious Sean Pan. I've heard great reviews about that. Really? Yep. Before night falls, just the name of it alone now has got me like all worked up. Plus Defect and Johnny Depp. Now is Johnny a mighty colon in this or not? Who knows? Who got on? He might be a colon. He's playing a piano. 560, 560, pound 560. Let's go Marlins. Let's all away. Let's get wild. The playoff pushes on. Let's get wild. The playoff run is on. Those are two of the most bland. And I guess it fits right in with Dave and Boring to the parade. Or play by play. Boring. Boring Susan. It should be something like the name Marlins probably ought to be in there. Some are not even saying. Somewhere. Yeah. Let's get wild. Oh. Good. Golly. Let's just get drunk. That's what we say. Alright. WCWM. Hello. Yes sir. What is your stage please? Ah. Ah. To late. WCWM. Hello. Hey. The club question about the postseason series. Yes. They haven't won a postseason series since 1995. The 1984 there was no wild card. So they actually lost in the first round. They played the one series against the pod. I remember Wally won the first two games and they lost. Right. Okay. I just wasn't sure if there was any confused on that. Well, Scott's trying to show up next video. Thanks a lot, pal. I'm sorry. Even he found some amazing humor and ads. Scott. What a next for you. Yeah. I remember that very well. And it seems to me that Rick Sutcliffe lost the last game. I could be wrong. But it seems to was the manager in Jim Fry in 84. Yeah. And he left Sutcliffe in too long. And now he's over there. Motor mouth on his broadcast. And he's telecast. Bop-pop. And then there's Tony Glenn. I think he's in a homerod. He's out of great slaying. Oh, Tony shut up. Put a goddamn cork in it. And he actually, the last cubs pictured blow series was Greg Max in 89. Yeah. I remember that very well. Okay. Got bombed. Greg Maddox is, for all of his, I don't know, it's something I like Greg Maddox. But there's something about him. And he's one of those things he's like very, very good or he's very, very bad. Very bad. Yeah. Didn't he get bombed like in the first inning, they have that in a game they lost? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And any rate, Scott's really enthusiastic. I'm going to contend by the last thing. Yeah. But that he's really whipped up to a frenzy about this big series. All these people showed up there. Stop, get me fired up when I get him. Right. Everybody, the pissed off and fired up and ready for the baseball. Yeah. They are all big baseball. Yeah. They love the Marlotte. Yeah. We're going to build a new stadium with all Scott's mom. Yeah. I bet the local faces, faces, faces, faces. Three years old years. You and you. Bye. Hey there. People on Bob and Brown. A ricy on the cutest boy and down. My car is fast. My teeth are shiny. I tell all the girls they can kiss my honey. Right. Don't get right here. I'm at the famous school. I'm breathin' sharp. And I'm acting new. I got a cheerleader here once they help with my baby. Well, they do all the work. And maybe they'd love me. But all the god I am, they don't ever get free. I do not think I'm too extreme. But I'm a handsome son of a bitch. I'm going to get it through the job and be real rich. You and me. Women's whever they're young. They're game-free with all the cross and they're young. I tell you people, I want my rare and I'm fucking pissed. I'm a man of fame. I'm a man of fame. She made it ill, spitch them. All she tried to make is say, when she had the ball. And you guys, but she left. Who could crack as he still loved all. But now it's you to play. Oh god I am the American dream. But now I smell like fat. I'm a man of fame. And I'm a miserable son of a bitch. And I am a horror-a-layer. I don't know which. I want no one to run, you know what. So when we're went out and bought me a leisure suit. I'd jingle my chains, but I'm still kind of used. Got the job doing radio, come home. And none of the jacks can even tell I'm a whole lot. I'm a whole bunch living in a friend. So I'd drift it along as it has now. Here I can think about an hour on the tower of power. A woman's like this, so little gold, the child will go by. And the American dream. Where the sin will up my butt till it makes me squeaking. And I'll do anything to get my head. I'll leave with nights in thank your friend. Oh god I am so fantastic. Thanks to Granny, I'm a sexual stag to get my name in public round. Light me now. Oh, who the? And my name is Bob and Brown. Light me now. Oh, who the? And my name is Bob and Brown. Light me now. Who the? What did he say to the 5.60 WQAM? A moderately happy Monday. Don't overdo it though. It's young people are supposed to be a toning and responsible for you. Very solid. Are we soft? No we're celebrating. Marlins, cops, all the stuff right? Roy. And a big bro. You must be psychic. Guess what I have in my hand right now. I don't want to get thinking. No not that. Okay. Hundreds of 10 vigil for Malmades. There are boys. He'll decope a tacky in the cover. Don't think of that. I think of that. I've had an acrobat. The sick. Roy show the sick. Roy show her to loud. Commotion. And instantly something he'd gone badly wrong at the. Marrage. Minutes later. Protect. He watches. Prometics ruled out. A bloody. Roy. Pour on a stretcher. What many feared could happen. Finally did happen. To the Las Vegas icon during a sold out. Performance a tiger had mold. Roy. The first actor fired said. Pataki 42 of them. The show for 14 years. I still can't tell you how I feel about it. It was a nightmare. He said. Pataki was one of more than 200 people. Many of them show employees. They turned up or a candlelight. Visual last night at University Medical Center in Vegas. Where coal. A headliner. Roy. Corn is being treated. Horn 59. Separate severe. Wind was neck. When the 70 year old male named Montecor. Attack with a warning last night. Friday night. And in front of hundreds of people. Nobody was sure. Horowitz survived. But MDM officials find the delivered some good news. The visual. The good news is he might live all over what's unlikely. The bad news is as far as your jobs forget about it. That's what we say that. But that's the case. Those who attended the candlelight. Visual shouted. We love you. Roy. And held their candles in the direction of his hospital room. They described the people that work in the show as a tight knit family that have been rocked twice. First they almost lost horn. And other had lost their jobs. With the co-hatliner's future on certain MGM or arch official told the show's. The show's. The show's. The show's. The show's. The show's. The show's. The show's. The show's. The show's. The show's. The show's. The show's. The show's. The show's. The show's. The show's. The show's. The show's. The show's. The show's. The show's. The show's. The show's. The show's. The show's. The show's. The show's. The show's. The show. The show's. The show's. The show's. The show. And I'm excited. The show's. The show's.