I'm going to start with this, uh, before anything else got yesterday's poll which by the way we got freaked out and pulled big time, but I got it right down to a science, okay? You're not fooling us whoever was dicking with our poll got it down to a science. That's amazing. And it was exactly the right numbers on there. And I hate to break the news to you, but I was number three on there behind Phil and the molemeister. But look at to that. The white number sungean and I hate to break the blue. WQAM. Yeah, let's get all in Neil. Where are you going from? From mobile phone. Here's the mobile. Hello. I'm Neil. Okay, sir. My love you show. The friend of mine turned me hot to you a couple years ago. That's cool. But I wanted to say that a little when you're not going to be. Here he is. A guy who talks for a talk, but he knows it all. Yeah. If we ever played anything that elementary basketball with himself. It probably probably. He's probably. What do you know about it? What do you know about it? What do you know about it? What do you know about it? What do you know about it? What do you know about it? What do you know about it? You know what he's been working at for a minute. He's been working at. He's been working there every day. He's under a lot of pressure as kid. And then the hump boy that's bad. You don't watch. Yeah. Okay. Right here like a whole line of pure QM. Thank you. Well I wanted to get that. They're good happy call on their right away. He came back home. I can't hear it anyway. So what's up? Oh, he's not even on today. We got a marlins afternoon game. Wow. Oh. And it's said 10,000 in some for that game last night. night and I did a spy I think on TV there there was no 10,000 people. And announced crowd even in a paper it said in an announced crowd there was a smattering a couple here a few there. I just went to net and passing since every every activity in this town they paned the crowds big time. If you're very sensitive plug your ears or turn it off for like 30 seconds you don't want to hear this story and then be sure and turn back. When Iraqi mother in a van fired on by US soldiers says she saw her two young daughters decampitated in the incident that also saw her son and eight other members of her family killed. The children's father was also in the van said US soldiers fired on them as they fled toward the checkpoint because they thought a leaflet dropped by US helicopters told them to be safe and they believed that meant getting out of their village to Carbola. Bacot Hassan who lost his daughter's age two and five and three-year-old son is parents to older brothers their wives and two nieces ages 12 and 15 in the incident said US soldiers and earlier checkpoint had waved them through. As the approached another checkpoint 40-kilometer south of Carbola they waved again at the American soldiers we were thinking these Americans want us to be safe Hassan said to an army translator and a mobile army surgical hospital set up at a vast army support camp near Najef. The soldiers didn't wave back they fired. I saw the heads of my two little girls come off Hassan's heavily pregnant wife LaMia 36 said numly. She repeated herself in a flat even voice, my girls I watched their heads come off their bodies my son is dead. US officials originally gave the death toll from the incident is seven but reporters at the scene placed at a ten and for Bacot Hassan the terrible toll was he lovin members of his family his father died at the army hospital later. I just mentioned that in passing okay for the asshole and anybody also called guilty this morning well you know it's you know there are anti-military between nine and one it's not politically correct to be for the troops war for the troops were for like human life on a show okay we're everybody coming back safe by the way Jessica's okay which is what a work at one zooming up yesterday Jessica Simpson Jessica whatever name is Lynch I'm never gonna watch channel four news again I will never ever that's a promise I know I've said it before but I'm done with you people a channel for your crazy people. Mm-hmm not only are they like in a feeding frenzy if we want to know what's happening with the war space and we see press that bush while there you go there's the john sick and thawler we got all the talking news said we got the national network news we don't need to have the local news cast pretending they have their old little war of the middle and you see that yeah oh my god it's more the angel or ray comes on who's probably the silliest person who's ever been on here anywhere in the history of the human race and she does the Jessica piece and she come across Jessica's the plane was landing in Germany which they all were just foaming at the mouth well there there's like her foot or there's like somebody part we can't really see her she's on the ester there but there she is and then after they finish with that she comes out and does about a 60 second puff piece in which she said everything but you go girl I mean every about how um uh brave she was and about how what a role model she it was it was not a news story it was a commentary we're not seeing news anymore in america we're seeing running commentaries in fact even this operation Iraqi freedom what what the hell is that? Operation Iraqi freedom what a wonderful glorious way to call an invasion operation Iraqi freedom freedom by a liberation by a elimination the four previous crusades were also a to liberate the holy land from the high sea yeah the crusades don't use that word again a president doesn't have pissed off bad news by the way right off the bad before we get to our poll and the real results which you won't see on the website somebody's dead and you know you realize how appropriate this is that fits right in so legend and when star has died the US born star known for his war and the contact in 25 miles hits is talked to a god of a heart attack star look for many years in the UK and how to disobey the middle and his manager legal alien calcid Susie quattro is known star since she was a teenager in detour at leather she said he was the best there was nobody better on stage and he was the nicest man you could ever wish to meet star was born Charles Hatcher in Nashville Tennessee and formed his first group the future tones in 57 recording one single before his three-year army draft he was offered a solo deal in 65 his biggest success where it came with his outspoken single war number one hit in 1970 in the US and number three in the UK star is continued to be a life-havoured at soul weekenders he performed a pair of shows in stouted our Germany over the weekend how do you like that Edwin star is dead and what was us for that you're not sped news hate to start with that story about the end of the woman watching their two girls have it her head blown off and all of us the 11 family members dead oh no you're wrong you're absolutely wrong you should see the facts I got this morning when I came in put a lot of busy people out there including the people creeping our pool giving me like a lecture about wow you know stick to your fart sounds and no try to tell us I'll do whatever it high want to do okay you jackasses out there I'm gonna sit here and give my opinion while it's still allowable which should borderline now the word things are going in this country right on the edge anyway here's the results he has today's pool of a real ones which broadcast has been most disappointing to you on a border rack it's a damn good thing I checked the numbers before I left the house this morning which I get up pretty early by the way all you feed for zebra's creepers out there you idiots here the real totals broadcast to most disappoint you on a war fill 100 277 more Howard David 207 Neil Rogers the real number should be 233 or 207 I'm sure well maybe a little less than that there were a hundred phony votes almost exactly between six and eight this morning coming in chunks in bunches I wonder where they came from Georgia Peter our net 166 Howard sperm 132 and then a real tight battle you win in the big uh brush limbo 97 in George Rodriguez 91 who only beat to by six votes David Bill O'Reilly 54 Dr. Laura 30 Randy Rhodes 24 and Mr. Ego Steve Kain only 17 and a reason that Randy and Mr. Ego got so few votes of course is because they have so few listeners sorry Randy but that's just the way it goes right hit well you don't have any listeners you're not gonna get too many votes anyway here's our first poll we're gonna win a two-up-prong poll today we got two prongs you ready? all right poll number one and this is based on you know yesterday we had many people we had quite a cocktail Tom's going about that noon to one hour on Wednesday I enjoyed yesterday's tremendous absolutely bad news is we got a Marlon game this afternoon even worse news is it doesn't start to want to clock the weekend that's bad hmm I get they start to have a bit like 11 sounds good to me let's play ball what do you say come on anyway here's the first poll what's your take on meals Wednesday noon to one comedy but tower four choices I don't know what else you listen to the choices maybe I'll let's something out don't think so I love it it's okay keep it it's week get rid of it or I hate it I think I covered all just in four short choices there from a disease from hard bark to Zeta right what's your take on meals Wednesday noon to one comedy but tower I love it it's okay keep it it's week get rid of it or I hate it I hate it I can't stand it it makes me want a barf so we'll get that one up right away won't we are because you know I fact that there are about six hours ago but I was sitting here watching these phony votes coming in chunks what is the story with these people do they really think I mean you know every now and it's important oh that's right I forget it's very scientific and it's very important so keep busy with it keeps you off the streets 12 minutes after nine and five sixty wqm if you ever thought of getting a wireless phone sure you have because just about everybody in your brother's gonna have one you know how valuable this to keep in touch with your business associates during the day as well as being connected with your family at all times well don't postpone it one more second get it done today just call wireless city a team mobile authorized dealer call him tool free one triple eight two two one and wireless city will deliver today to your home or business your new wireless phone ready to use wireless city a team of authorized dealer can offer you service plans perfect for you like there are new 39 99 plan with 600 whenever minutes and unlimited weekends call wireless city now tool free one triple eight two two one eighty eighty call today and get you the new small size no kia 33 ninety with vibrating call lyrton hands free just call eight eight eight two two one eighty eighty service agreement requires he printed materials a authorized representative at wireless city for limited and complete details wireless city a team mobile authorized dealer that number again is eight eight eight two two one eighty eighty fly and local your sports radio five sixty two a you a yeah while the most disgusting program I urge everyone to complain to this station here's the story of a matter racking who is talking weapons to blow up the world at a must at the ray and hotly doubles gas little boys and girls here's a story of a man named heart flicks who is busy just inspecting and he sights but the you and this could not find a weapon there were about a number of the orange cones that were no more than a hunch that's a dumb the final resolutions that's the way they all became the crazy bunch the crazy bunch the crazy bunch that's the way they all became the crazy bunch nine fifty we apologize but I guess maybe we had a little communications problem between me and Eric there on a first poll this morning either didn't get it or he lost or maybe he ate it but to look at that first one up there because I just acted to him again I guess today and we got to get up there right away I don't want to put any pressure on you if we got like ten seconds times up well no seriously because in order for us to get the second one which is one of those will build it during the show kind of polls about phrases and expressions that bug the crap out of you you get my drift anyway great cartoon in a heraldest morning which you'll see on our website today along with a lot of really great bedtime stories really good stuff today don't read that story again about the mother walks to her is on there but you don't want to read that huh please well this is war baby this is what happens it's got to see unlike what you see on television where it's glamorous and glorious just like the Jessica thing you know if we didn't see 55 hours on that on every channel yesterday we didn't see 55 seconds and I'm delighted for her and for her family it's set of and so on and although they say she's safe and sound now sound is an interesting term because she's got two broken legs a broken arm and a couple of bullholes in her body she's got to be okay but safe and sound I find to be a little bit of exaggeration number one and number two why are we hearing nothing about the eleven bodies that they found in the same hospital who appeared to be American soldiers right by our hearing anything about them I see so this continues to be a video game war on tv propaganda from all the news media who are just goose stepping in line and so yesterday's full I mean I looked on film and we's website for the first time in about a year and a half today and there he is with the the uncle Samoffitt on standing in front of a mirror and American flag you talk about a complete sellout are you sure I'm positive yeah is that the role of us in a media we're supposed to be cheerleaders at the very least okay just go back to being an entertainer when you're okay so okay just be an entertainer I mean I'm thinking back to those couple years we worked together I would be right there any period of time that I missed at that moment when he was like a uh did social commentary we would we would have beers we would sit on the picnic table in smoke and drink beer and and chat there was no hint of this of anything like where did this come from maybe he was sent to the clear channel and Dr. Nation no college maybe they cut him a check maybe they like tattooed him on the armor something a cheap channel I don't know what it's all about but but the the fact is that most of the media you're a kiss your radio okay I don't want to pat ourselves on a back here but you ought to kiss the radio that at least even if you don't agree at least there's still a variety of opinion available as opposed to just the company the government line and all this crap with these embedded reporters all this news uh all this propaganda passed off his news it anyway the editorial cartoon in the Harold by more and is great is usual it shows her although with that silly mustache and a big smile on his face holding up a little map of Iraq with a diagram and an exits as we are here and a boring abutnets as um heralder when you're not and with a stupified american soldier standing next to him and in the background it says fox news and it would originally say that we report you decide but they blacked out the ec and the uh second d in the side so it says we report you die as heraldor stands there tipping off the goods here we are you know it's checked the latest american true positions here's herald just like that bit we got you know let's check the let's turn on CNN oh let's check Fox news maybe heraldor beyond there so we can check the latest american true positions what an irony that is you know well there's screaming in the yelling about how unpaid triotic and what a traitor Peter our net is and here's heraldor given away uh the location many many interesting letters in a Harold today by the way some of which couple of which is support the war more or more don't for example flora live in in curled jables rights three march 28th letter writer is protesting the protest i've had them on the ear here wish to suspend our constitutional writer freedom of speech they seem to think that doing so is a display of patriotism true patriotism isn't restricting protest or speech flying the flag on car windows or changing the name of french toast to freedom toast true patriotism is being informed and consistent voter for those who haven't uh who have proven integrity and ability not because there are our ethnic groups sex color religion too many patriotic american seem to think that voting is an important anymore the letter writer seem to have forgotten that they live in america and informed american as the right to question the actions of our government and still can have compassionate support for our troops what a great letter by flora in the gables nice going flora also they've been in my misprings rights the opponents of protesting they find this hard to believe but the great majority of those who oppose the war also support the individual troops if not the government they've not the government that put them in harm's way and hope that they all come home safely to which we say amen on this program they would say perhaps those who would stifle the sent should reconsider what life would be without it specifically think about what life is like in tuba for those in opposition to the government gives you a different perspective on the sent doesn't it says they would mind me springs and there's a whole bunch of these letters for read some of them okay we got that pull up they're like i told the iraq is right on top of it carlos it's part of the fact that uh i don't know what to vote i just vote something just to get it going okay just so i can see what's on here it's on here it's up the poll on the noon to one okay eleven votes already i love it for it's okay keep it for i hated two and it's week here bit of a one so eight to three so far in favor they knew the one ones they are how do you like that i like it a lot it's uh big hit with one bullet five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighty and t and horizon wireless line board lots of crap today man lots and lots of stuff carlos is having her was break down with fifty thousand you know this village voice article you don't need to fast this to me okay it was on our website yesterday bushes voice America thank you very much but we already had it thank you god just read go to the arrages dot com i'm after the getting stuff off the village voice they obviously have the internet right you think so why don't you check the stories that we have on there so instead of wasting our time in paper you wouldn't bug me with stuff that we ever know about nobody have oh that's max of effort no god man it's unbelievable although here's one it's interesting from the Cincinnati post Robert Cunningham worked his whole life as a bus driver in skimpton saved try to buy house when he went house hunting he turned to pamela's sandford a self-described religious person who got much of a business via people she met at church to broker his mortgage sandford twenty nine of westwood helped Cunningham buy the house and crafted the ill she said would include the monthly payment on his van with his monthly mortgage payment Cunningham was ecstatic until his van was repossessed with on payment oh that's when sandford gave him documentation that was supposed to explain the other one company the Cunningham was making payments the documentation was as bogus as the mortgage loan sandford gave to ten victims struggling to obtain the mercant dream did you laugh when you gave them that piece of paper handled him county police court judge Melba Marsh asked sandford at her sentencing i need to send a message to the community that there's a line of trust line angry marsh told sandford yesterday you don't pray on people you don't victimize people so evidently she prays within a y and also within a y marsh dense sentence sanford a prison for six months the maximum sentence allowable nice call judge you can so i'm missing a button i'm so sick which is that they're primary hunting grounds for con artist i keep saying over and over again yeah well listen boy another one i'm goodie goodie two shoes religious assholes i'm sorry for being repetitious excuse me forty votes on her already on a new one comedy but sour good because we're gonna have this son there for a while right and then we'll get to the second pool what am i asking you right i know what the hell's right what's wrong what hey guilty son a pretty good this morning spite of the first guy who was ripping him in hands i mean he sounded squeaky like always happy he he he that you know something i was thinking the same thing and not only did he sound happy what i came in here this morning very early which i always do everybody in a building was happy exactly right he rubber was even in a good mood which is really something and there he building was happy yeah hi everybody was happy here yeah beat nobody was like looking down to hall you know god paranoid cuz i wasn't a boot up who he is just a creepy guy that mow mice your man just a creepy guy but a creepy hair piece and a creepy bag and creepy verico's veins and i would love to dance on his grave and a creepy crawly on his head forty votes on a pool already what's your take on it noon to one hour Wednesday's i love it twelve it's okay keep it 11 that's 23 got it it's week it rid of a tent i hate it seven so it's 23 17 it just like yesterday it's tight it's really tight it's tight here here's here's my amy hello hey now it's going on yes sir you're obviously against the wall but wouldn't you agree that's it sir sir sir sir let me give you a little lesson how to call a talk show don't ever say to anybody you're speaking to wouldn't you agree why don't you just ask me a question don't say wouldn't you agree is as if as if the purpose of the call is to try to get me to agree with you first of all as boring and secondly maybe i will and maybe i won't let's see what the question is i believe that this war is preventive maintenance yeah for further actions for actions yeah what does that mean actions like what i'm sure it's a fact why is that how many terrorist attacks have we had by a rack against this country or against the brits not thirty man yeah okay i can see there you go we have clown i know it's good because he couldn't even keep a straight face it's a joke but thirty man never get a little more into it next time okay sir five six seven yeah with a little enthusiasm but thirty man there you go pound five sixty only eighteen t and for eyes and line here's higher lea hello when is this what was this and he had a one of the one on the uh the pulphi yesterday i think you're doing a terrible job covering the war yeah i think you're devices uh all you do is cloud the you want to let me ask your question why do you listen to the program i don't listen to the program okay good five six seven oh five six if you know this of the program you're not allowed to call the show it's very simple i mean we'll talk to anybody but if you don't listen to the program you're allowed to call the show very well i'm talking the issue yeah stop talking the issue yeah so the rest of them crystal clear persoy for your five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a eighty in t and in this in which we know that was yesterday's pool the pool was on a website now it's another day okay sir the verdict is in fill Henry wins by landslide mohower David with the joke photo second and i'm a closer demo and spot of the hundred bogus votes that came in from god owner's wear for a bunch of dingled bats out there we got no another bear to do with their time then to freak the fool oh brother those are some of the most productive people in the world not just an our pool but any pool or a creep in a pool maybe or a creep in it for Jesus that's right creep in it for Jesus and the bush family now we're talking heavy duty oh sixty seven votes and i knew to one hour it's week get rid of a twenty three it's okay keep in seventeen i love it sixteen i hated eleven so i had those up let's see they like it the thirty three they hated thirty four wow you talk about that ten it's tight it's as tight as a which is rectum and of course you probably wonder how tight is it which is as and i would suggest you start watching passions and as tablet the shaltate twenty seven past nine and five sixty wqm we got to of course this is the marlins warm up today for four hours we got marlins on drag i'd deck at one o'clock then we got the marlins in the fillies again well i sure hope the marlins score a couple runs today would be nine i mean more than it would like a few and give up less than eight would be a good move in a right direction so if this is the marlins warm up are we talking small ball until the game started oh and y'all glad you mentioned that since we're gonna get to our stupid annoying phrases momentarily no listen to me if if got if teams that have a lot of home run hitters they call home run scoring lot of runs with hom runs long ball so the opposite that wouldn't be small ball it would be short ball get it now in this station of course when you got certain people would real squeaky voices i guess maybe short ball small balls would be appropriate you know that rhymes small and small ball oh oh oh and i hate to say it because i like the guy a lot of the boob was the first one i heard used at the other oh small ball oh and of course i love boob but but he's one of these guys who's out there doing rock and roll sports rock and roll play by play hey the marlins lean to the lot everybody you know that kind of stuff yeah they're gonna play small ball this year they're gonna scratch and claw their way to a lot of runs welcome live what that that's him he's a dog and i see i don't confuse i love boob shum he's a really good guy and lost a lot of weight i'm jealous of that he's a wonderful guy everybody here loves him but that that routine is that the rock and roll sports that just drives me up to wall he's a great play by play guy if he would can the the rock and roll he really is he's got a great future but i mean just just tone it down a little bit boob's to okay just a little bit less happy would be good okay barlins are behind 27 to yeah don't be so happy about it all right well we lost a whole other person what's not to be happy about it's true well the fact is you don't have to be in this building very often it's happy about that and so am i yeah 28 past nine at five sixty wqm are really energetic there is a man you know most smell of cancer can you smell it if you've been thinking about buying a new barbeque or any barbeque accessories you must do the right thing and go to barbeque's galore don't forget get ahead start of the barbeque in season with a perfect real accessories all of the guarantee lowest prices of course you'll do that at barbeque's galore barbeque's galore carries barbeque's in every price range from the top of lime commercial great stainless steel grill to the more portable rubber charcoal grill like the beautiful one i got for all your barbeque needs it the guarantee lowest prices don't forget this is the great place to barbeque's galore you'll find a implantation a university drive an fountain shopping center at that location call nine five four four two three fourteen hundred four two three fourteen hundred coral springs there at seventy four eighty five west sampled of the corner of sampled and rock island roads call nine five four seven five seven sixty six sixty eight nine five four seven five seven sixty six sixty eight four barbeque's galore who absolutely are the barbeque specialist my my and local this is forty five sixty two eight one i swear Mr. President if you will come on a center to center to go wouldn't be better to have the depth that's not a bad idea is a four hundred billion dollars for the lead maybe even for the Clinton library perfect leadership is about bad economics and can you believe women's right strong because we're stronger I are looking for one look let's give a personal one security education so security and that care what is he babbling about what happened to my law he's amazed at the long there well you look at it for the whole day the sales department ain't working anymore okay there busy trying to get screw-in up the most sold out we're trying they're trying to scrape screw-in off the floor at the stadium box okay they're trying to work on her box so and covers moving to Miami I told you this was a maggot magnet down here I was just got a heads up on his from Lynn Samuels check my email and thank goodness for that and culture is moving to south Florida if we don't have enough problems already Michael Jackson's coming here we got OGL ready we got even in the banana boat we got the Latin Grammy's coming in September yeah just inside for all the high and I'm gonna waste my time going back to that story in a paper again because wow you know the protesters are promising they're getting already you know like I said neurotic repetition that's what this town's all about just the same sad sorry as people do in the same sad story as crap and as far as that jackass who called from ily with his phony call who doesn't listen to the ledge who's obviously listening right now every time I say something that flies against the main stream that happens to be my real opinion but it just doesn't happen to go along with the main stream on divisive in other words we're all supposed to go step in the line support whatever the administration does support the mindless senseless unacceptable slaughter that's going on over there that's going to get a lot worse before it gets better by the way and sput a house there to back dead and we're just supposed to all say the same thing then what's the point why don't we all just do sing highland goose step up and down uh federal highway and the helicopter shows okay we fight that war in the firm and what's that is anybody want to give their opinion for when we're all supposed to have the same one but you're divisive just like when I didn't agree about little alienito you're divisive speaking to that they pay me to give my opinion here sure not to be a parent not to echo yours or else president yes today's daily hijacking will be a derigible all great you have the hijacking of the day let's say about 12 30 we'll have that for you and we covering it live welcome live right before tomorrow in game five six seven oh five sixty palm five sixty on a okay let me give you the other pool that we're going to start building now the second pool of the day we'll leave this one up for while although this one is uh tough what's your take on the heels when's the new one comedy but sir it's week get rid of it 46 it's okay keep a 34 I love a 32 I hate a 26 so the positive ones are 66 and the negative ones are 72 see how tight that is I told it's tight yeah well uh there it's they're undecided they're like on the fence now let's see I'll of course in this town I love it 33 I hate a 26 now that's pretty good that's pretty encouraging because this is a tower that hates just about everything including themselves you're a divisive you're a piece of crap I don't listen to your show but I feel like I'm compelled to call you to you know to spew my hate in your direction what a jackass what a schmuck anyway this is the second pool will be putting up and this will be the primary one for the day which will give you a little fodder for your fodder which of these phrases or expressions bugs you the most we got a list starting with six don't even go there oh when people say that that just it sends me right to the bull even though I may not want to really go there don't even go there small ball which we were talking about moments ago the new baseball thing for teams that don't hit a lot of home runs small ball goes yard another baseball for one guy hits home run goes yard oh Sammy goes yard and I go ballistic here we tell me here that he has issues he has issues I have tissues yeah over here the quarter and then of course one of everybody's absolute favorite like that might we do like it but I mean and you go girl though you go no you go girl first ladies first so those are the six we got so far and you can add to it whatever a phrase or expression that's commonly used especially in more contemporary times like these even for us old fogeys that's just bugle of an crap audio he has issues we're gonna put some of the new fangled ones on there like what and bad phrases or expressions yeah that's not bad and and bad in bed order embedded no just embedded sure because it says phrases or expressions and I and well embedded just a word well whatever the hell it is embedded don't know if they don't know by now they must be in bed here's a call from Miami hello yes sir I'll let you go to lighter direction if you don't mind so to speak a lighter direction my girlfriend is listening outside winder on the internet right now yeah I wonder to hear what you're gonna say so I have an idea what you're gonna say because you've said it before Luis Miguel and Ricky Martin she doesn't believe they've either one of them ever been with guys before she thinks they're okay that's where girlfriend sick a lw channel 9 and of course used to be great radio station the big eight but anyway what is it but she thinks that Luis Miguel and Ricky Martin have never been with a guy well let me ask you this am I supposed to know the answer to that but you used to talk about things when you knew since you've been out of closet 25 30 years you knew you know you knew about that I have well what do you mean I knew about that was it you were the first one to bring it up I don't know about that I suspect okay just like many other people suspect in fact we have a pretty good idea and based on rumor and you went to what's said are so on we believe that it's possible in fact in Ricky's case highly likely in fact on both of their case highly likely but let me ask you this what differences I make well I mean she ever gonna get intimate with either one of them has she ever met either one of them well so so what's wrong with that okay it's great but I said even though it's went to Vegas he loves them he went to Vegas it's the same thing so I see him and concert three times he's great he's got the best voice in the world of the world it says Luis Miguel's got the greatest voice in history one last thing you should add to all these phrases for the Latin people how about every time they go leacin that's how they started every that's how they started every phrase the victim they call you it's leacin leacin how do you agree I think they're saying leacin and what the heck you to come back have a great day pal and then my best wishes to your girlfriend a winsor back no see her at the winsor raceway with Marty Adler how you doing Marty there off and pacing anyway let's do a harness racing show so let's see now what is he's in no leacin that's not but how about a heads up okay heads up yeah I want to give me a heads up on another fact that your boss is a douchebag you know things like that five six seven oh we already know five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line hundred fifty people I'm I'm not really sure what we ought to take this other one down I don't think we're gonna make any progress you know me so it's tight what's your take on Eoswens they knew to one comedy but it's our hundred and fifty three votes already in jen jen jen hundred and sixty four like I said it's week get rid of it fifty eight it's okay keep it forty one I love it thirty seven I hate it twenty eight so the positive votes are 78 and the negative votes are 86 see what I'm talking about tight 86 to seventy eight in my book that's a form of a more icon from from Rochester New York that's considered pretty damn tight almost as tight as the lilac are at the Randy's been park well I tell you the weather in Toronto right now is really crappy you know that it's like seventy New York and there's a front and north of the lake it's like freezing it's like twenty eight's gonna be the time to run around the do I is my timing generally pretty good on the weather stuff man for next four five days it's gonna be like around zero Celsius like around thirty two thirty about thirty now is a matter of fact they've evolved on CFTO last night said what's it temperature gonna be the next four or five days in Toronto about thirty man and that's correct that is absolutely correct Dave so I did the right thing and here magnificent man it's beautiful what are you people so sour about huh what are you so sour about this is the time that you want it's supposed to be happy time right they like yesterday was magnificent today looks pretty good to me gonna be like in the low eighties not too hot not too cold like the porridge man just right yeah my children still have their heads on their shoulders oh sorry yeah that's right that's correct most of you people your kids still have their heads on their bodies they're in one piece and you didn't have 11 family members killed in the law or once oh but you know you don't survive support the military more than you assholes that want to put these guys over there these young people by the way not all that well trained these are a lot of these most of the hunks punks first time in combat lives being squandered lives being thrown away and it keeps continues being put into this hearts and flowers thing by MSNBC especially antsian and where we keep seeing the pictures on the billboard and here's John Smith from Wyoming oh you know like it's a human interest like this is all partisan kind of a soap opera it's not a soap opera when you get hit with a book you might have been man like Santino said in a godfather you know what I'm talking about what are you gonna do nice college boy yeah they want to get mixed up in the family business and now you want to go down a police captain one because he's locked you in a face a little bit huh what do you think this is the army where you shoot them a mile away you gotta get a close like this the thing you blow that brains all over your life side really suit come in ah you're taking a sparing person yeah oh here's Eddie who's always very negative and also as an egg of the facts why don't you add your list I change the station at noon choice well I mean if they hate it you know that that goes without saying okay we're not one this is another show where I sit here oh I like the guy in higher leo well I don't listen good but that's fine go away if you like to show or if you hate it enough that you can't turn it off that's fine you're invited listen regardless the price is right it's free but if you don't like it just go find something else to do go play part cheesy go play with yourself go play with your neighbors go play with your neighbors dog and I'm sorry I like dogs go play with your neighbors cat or something like that oh look at this here's a very very very interesting facts there's two interesting facts is let me do the break I got two fascinating facts is did we tease that sufficiently here's another one oh yeah my oxalong one of our good the facts friends he says another phrase weapons of mass destruction well I was thinking that but no I'm writing it down right now or WMD is there no known but weapons of mass destruction oh god thank you Mike 5670560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line but away screw in it still drunk under her desk back there in the sale department we checked this morning they try to scrape her ass off the floor we might have to call in bro to get the job done 19 till 10 at QAM on you dog lovers out there which I just mentioned only moments ago my second power skickin and again bark Avenue pet resort is the only all natural pet resort in the country and when you go away you don't want to handle your dogs over to a bunch of lunatics and have horrible things happen to me want to make sure they get the best of care bark Avenue pet resort is like sending your dogs to a day at the spa your pooch will socialize all day with pals and soft-matted players always out of the supervision of dog loving counselors too they're going to watch what's going on to make a long story short bark Avenue is a full service five star resort offering boarding and large-child sweets they offer daycare expert grooming on all breeds too when you see the place and you can see it online like I've checked it up you're going to be very impressed with the clemeness and the lack of smell of this 10,000 square foot luxury facility in fact I guarantee you when you look online you won't smell anything at bark Avenue keep looking at that picture you won't smell anything and of course if tiny was still alive he'd probably be hanging out there right now with a big smile on his posts by tiny see for yourself what bark Avenue is all about go online at barkappetresort.com that's AVE barkappetresort.com and take a virtual tour which you can always do when your pet is bored of there by the way to keep tabs on make sure that he's okay or her or them or take a wheel to a bark Avenue any Monday through Saturday there were 1400 South federal highway in Hollywood just the light north of Pemberc Road call bark Avenue 954 925 bark that's 954 925 bark for boarding grooming and they care and don't forget check out their website it's reanamazingplace barkappetresort.com for the bark Avenue pet resort it's one in a zillion and why why why why this is sport video right here in Waihäng Hawaii We'd like to see if lying we have any balls with his rep presents our team And we want our name off of the sign Yes, it is in very night and though we want to verify the dolphins have no ball God I like that, don't a shunna shunna shunna That poor hope will burn signs that we've got balls He, don't a shunna shunna Donna, what's out of my and so appalled he He, ha ha ha Ow, Danny, many lifeless hurricane fans We'll now be checking inside their pants Do I have to? Oh, and my flu. Take down that sign. They're lying. Don't think don't have any ball. That's why they slap each other's teeth. So both are my teeth. This is better than sex. 946 and 560 WQA and boy just had some great news George handed me a name in a number. You spoke to this person? Yes he called. Oh, that's great. Oh, right. Thank you David. He'll know who it is. And I'll be in touch. And of course if that thing works out. Bye bye. 25 votes. Then you won't have to worry about this divisive nasty voice on here anymore. If this thing works out, that I just was handed to me. Very exciting. I can't tell you anymore. 25 votes on a pool. What's in it? So tight, you couldn't put a curly little hair in between the two sides. Very unusual for our crowd. Usually it's like real heavy duty, you know. But not here. What's your take on meals? Once they knew to one comedy, it's our. It's week, get rid of it 70. It's okay. Keep it 54. I love it 47. I hate it 34. So if you add together the positive ones, it's 101. And the negative ones 104. Can you believe that? I thought there'd be a bigger margin in that. At least I've heard of that. Yeah. Lower it the other. Three votes separation. After 205 votes. So we'll leave that up there for a while while we compile a list of phrases and things and words that just drive you to distraction that's in you right to the old bull. I already got this. Thank you very much. Though somebody facts me this. It's on our website. Orragon law would jail war protesters is terrorists to give an idea of where what direction this country is headed to. We're headed in the right direction. About as far to the right as you can go, even until the. The Honda want to be involved. And orragon anti terrorism bill would jail street blocking protesters for at least 25 years. And a thinly failed effort to discourage anti war demonstrations critics say for at least 25 years. The bill is met strong opposition but lawmakers still expected to baton the definition of terrorism and the value of free speech before a vote for the orragon state senator judicious your recommendation is chairman Republican senator john minutes. Rothy proposed legislation. Do understand the stop. Don't send it bill 742 and identify as a terrorist as a person who plans to participate in an act that is intended by at least one of its participants to disrupt business transportation schools government or free assembly. The bills for you. Yeah. A ironic. The bills few public supporters say police need stronger laws to break up protest that are created havoc in cities like Portland where thousands of people have marched and demonstrated against war in Iraq since last fall. We need some additional tools to control protests that shut down the city said Lars Larsen, a conservative radio talk show host who is aggressively stumped for the bill. Of course a conservator is there any other kind. No. Maybe about two or three of us know. Wow. You people better wake up and sniff the pansies man. Sift the affidels before you start hearing the sound of those moose boots marching in the right on your street. Are you so divisive, Neil. Thank God for me. Here's poppin. Yeah. Good morning. How are you doing? I'm doing okay. I don't know if you noticed this the other day. I just haven't figured out because I had the time from Monday. Do you see that whole thing in business day about you channel? Yeah. Yeah. We talked about it. Okay. I wouldn't miss that. But they all know about 75 million radio stations and they're like orchestrating all of these so-called these funny pro-war rallies and manipulating their people I guess like Phil because he was a very good one. He's he indirectly works for Clue Channel. He own premier which he works for us. Yeah. But the thing that really gets me is I get time magazine delivered and they had a time seeing an poll and this is where really gets me with Americans. If there were only 500 peak casualties, people voted like 70 something percent. If there were a thousand of went down, if it went up to 5,000, it was a lot lower. But these people think that he was 500 lives as a workholder of this. And it just leaves you speechless. What does that say about that? It's interesting. Those 500 lives that they're willing to forfeit free and absolutely totally corrupt a car and invasion, not even a war for an invasion. As long as they're not their lives or somebody that's close to them or their children, they're willing to sacrifice it like it's small potatoes like it isn't for real. You know, again, like it's statistics on a page. I don't know this country. I don't know which direction it's at and in the open. But if you remember what I've always been through. I'm sure a country that doesn't place a great value on human life can never be a great country. Well, look at their doing with the compensation from people. Look at their trying to do with people. They've got their wrong arm cut off by the doctor. Mm-hmm. Yeah, give me about 50 bucks. I might be hired you to the board of the Canada. Okay, I'll see you. Let's see. Please play the gunshots. The gun, uh, show him. Oh, okay. Thanks. Okay, Dan. Why do we say that? Let's back coming up. It'll be on again. Over and over and over again. These damn gun shows. That shows you how desperate we are in this radio station in Scurran. Of course, maybe a state of a scraper ass off the floor. She, you know, take care of these things. And we get some more spots on the log. Seriously, go in there and get the program log for the rest of the day. I want to take a look at that. I want to see if it's as light as this. Here's the fact it says get with the program. We bomb their country. They, they rebuild it. I.E. use their moral money. No out of pocket for us. Oh, yeah, right. First, we'll bring their oral technology up to date. We'll just not a good shape. Then we'll ramp up production in there. We are to their real capacity, not to, but many, uh, can't even read this. Pretty good for companies like back. Tell other rich and well connected. Okay. There you go. Hopefully we'll be the next. Somebody's got a lot of oil. Would be good. I still say Saudi Arabia would be good. I might even support that. Okay. Let's take a look. Now you don't, don't leave. You can't just leave this in here. You grow. Well, that's right. We got the Marlon came on too. Which quite frankly, when you think about that. Oh, boy. A little bit more there, but not, uh, some trades and a little bit of this. A little bit of that. And I can get like I said, nothing. And you think that with a Marlon game on there'd be more like jammed in because that takes up so much of the day. Our sales department's on vacation by the way. If anybody wants to buy these spots. No, no, we don't, we don't have any left. DJ Valentine has more suggestions. Talk to the hand. To talk, shout, thing. A big of a pardon. When you don't want to talk to somebody. Talk to the hand? Yeah, you hold your hand up. Okay. How about word word word up? Word. Word. Whatever. And then a police now. Does it look like I care? No, it's not you. It's me. No. And no, you're trying to overspill milk. No, but one out of an eight minute and eight minutes. Talk to the hand. Is that the black hand? In Satyria? Huh? Let's go talk to the black hand in Satyria. It's the gliders. 229 votes on a first poll today. What's your take on the ones they knew to one comedy. But so this obviously is the big controversy in town. Make no mistake about there's Roland Colin Powell. So we total sell out. I go with the resolution. We have an office authority. Yeah, we have enough authority to do whatever it help we want. No, no one comedy, but since we get rid of it, 76. It's okay. Keep it 62. I love it 55. I hated 36. The positive ones come to 117. The negative ones come to 112. God. This is tighter than the 2000 election. Let's start checking the chads. Okay. And look at this. It's got six votes on here from Palm Beach County for Buchanan. Oh, and he had an honor yet. Yeah, put that on there, Eric. Why was still got this honor? I vote for Papu Cannon. Huh? He'll get a couple of votes. Any is up there in Palm Beach. Are you feeble silly people when you got them butterfly ballad? And both they said butterflies are free. There. And so was the election. They stole a while. Guess this been a lot of legal fees. I vote for Papu Cannon. Jews for Hitler. 5, 6, 7, O, that was something they must have really loved that. Jim Baker in that crowd. The irony there is just you can taste it in your tu-sh-t-t-t taste like moths of balls. Although in retrospect. Well, that's right. He said balls. Yes? What would you rather had him or this one? Oh, Papu Cannon any day. Plus he's pretty good on immigration. 5, 6, 7, O, 5, 60. Oh, 5, 6, I just have to start dating women. Here's, here's Bokeh. Hello. Boko. Yes, sir. Yeah. The phrase I have I hate the two reads. Okay. One is my solo, my ex. So I'll use it all the time. The whole nine sides. The whole nine yards. Okay. Yeah. How's that sound? That's okay. Okay. I love you, show. Thank you, sir. God bless America. Yeah. I'm a limo driver in the guest with me today. Thank goodness. I'm ever great day. You too. Drive it carefully. The whole nine yards. You got these. Because the freshers on you, man. As your whole, Paul is bedtimesters are on there. What is he laughing about? I give him about 600. Well, there's a lot of good stuff on there. Plus that more in cartoon from the Harold God. That's good. He has so damn good. There's her Wilder when the soldier. We report you die. Fox News. Hmm. All we can say to Fox News is. And when we do that, I keep. Yeah. So we got in. Coat them over to Miami and Michael Jackson. Then OJ Simpson. Maybe they can move into a big compound. Plus together. The PSA is about the cluster bombs because you heard about that one, right? I have one of our big times stories about the cluster bombs. That is correct. But he's showing the PSA. Who is flaming, colon? Oh. Oh. They're not creating a scutter. Why is the Iraqi people? Well, let me ask you something. Do you think the Iraqi people are watching colon, Paul right now? Oh, okay. Like the people in that van? Yeah. Under satellite dishes, probably. Or maybe they're watching on the internet. Five six, seven, five, sixty. pound five, sixty. On the AT&T and Verizon line. Oh, I vote for Padve cannons up there. No votes yet. He'll get some. Come on, Palm Beach. Get with it. Here's a call from Naples. Hello. Michael Morif. I get like you. No. Same crap again. He's got a wife by the way. Five six, seven. Oh, five, sixty. Five six. On the AT&T line. Here's Palm Beach. Hello. Oh, Neil. Yes, sir. I've been a while after a lot of fight and a highland park at the post of the Brandy. Okay. But anyway, it's far exhilarating praises. It's got to be, you know, repeated use of, you know. You know? Yeah. Okay. Bye. Thanks. Good call, you know. Now, how do we spell that? You're a posture for, you know, question mark, you know? You know? Which of these phrases or expressions bugs you the most? You want to just puke your guts out. Don't even go there. Small ball. Hey, it's 14 to two in the AT&T. Go's yard for hitting a home run. He has issues. Worse up. You'll go girl. Embedded. Heads up. Weapons of mass destruction. Talk to the hand. Word. The whole line yards or, you know? This is a hell of a place, you know? This place blows, you know? You know? You know? Let's go to a plan that you do know. We don't have to tell you about it. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line line 57. We got the Marlon pregame at one of Marlon's in the fillies again. 135, baby. It's going to be a real barn, birder out there at P.B. Park. Go on after the ball game today. Right? You got some pre tickets? Oh, you don't have any pre tickets? How about making Miguelito? What's the history? Is he going any big games yet? I don't know. He sucked out a whole bunch of tickets from those, uh, yeah, he did. He went, he just rifled through those tickets I had to land the parking passes. Yeah, the package there, weighed about 15 pounds, and when he got through it, weighed about an ounce. His package. Hey, guys, speaking to Miguel's package. If you guys out there can't get in, because you got that big, ugly ball spot. Well, I'll tell you, make sure you look so much older than you really are. Look at Book of Brian, especially with that chicken that now. He looks almost as old as Mo, like about 72 or three. I guarantee if he had some real hairy look a lot younger. I've heard him man. That's right. And you guys the same thing. Charles Alfie, or he's the guy to go to for real here, the natural hairline system. He's the only guy in the world that gives you a real looking hair as opposed to a bunch of straw on your head, as opposed to some farm, some barnyard animal that looks like it croaked on your head, and still keeps moving around from side to side. For over 25 years, Charlie's been helping the rich and the in-between and the eschlopers, because he gives you an affordable price, and because at no price in the universe, can you get a more natural look and head of hair? And if you mention he arranges, he'll not even another 200 bucks off, the regular price of his natural hairline system. You go in there? He gives you free consultation. They'll show you how you're going to look how much better when younger, and then you decide. And you have nothing loose, but the glowing shiny ball spot, because everybody gets Charlie's 30-day guarantee. If you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells and the hair too, Charlie gives you full refund. So what he got to lose beside that big, glaring open ball spot, call today and get your hair back from Chuck Alfie or he. No holes in the head, no a dead barnyard animals, 1-800-321-2413. 1-800-321-2413, or check their website, www.trialsalphiary.com. When you should be quiet and reserved, do people look at you funny when you're done speaking? Do you only open your mouth to change feet? Well then you may have what it takes to attend the Michael Moore School of Inappropriate Behavior. This lavandly oath can show you how to turn even the friendly is crowd into an unruly mob. You'll learn what not to say it any occasion, then say it anyway. For example, funeral. James never thought this day would come, huh? But talk him so long. He looks terrible. Hey, you're a wife? He's been cheating on you, you know? And it's all because of joy, push. Example two, your child's kindergarten graduation. This is where all the fun ends. It's over, kiddies, snow jobs. There's no future. Today you're in the sand box, tomorrow in the sand dunes of Iraq. And it's all because of joy, push. The Michael Moore School of Inappropriate Behavior can show you exactly how to make an Ask of yourself every time. Example three, wake watchers weigh in meeting. Well it looks like you didn't lose a single pound. But you have to do grease the door to get in here. What a load you are. Hey, get used to size 26, baby, because it's all you'll ever wear. I'm fat too. Hey, you know why? 40, and John's crush. Sign up now and receive a filthy Roger and me baseball cap. A wrinkled pizza stain, bowling for Columbine T-shirt, and a book of George Bush insults. Like this one. Why did you chip across the road? To buy my rack, because John's pushed all the dough. The Michael Moore School of Inappropriate Behavior. Sign up now. For that Ask of A Naples, by the way, we love Michael Moore on his show. He has a wife, you know? There you go, honey like that. Two minutes after 10 at 5.60, WQIM. Let's see, we got some good ones coming on a fast machine. Closure. Yeah. And the Hugo Girl should be Hugo Girlfriend. Let's get that right. Thank you. Closure. I need closure. How about closure mouth? Okay, you idiot. Closure. Trap. Closure. This is one of very well-cooked win. We agree. I think all this ever could be a winner. What's your take? Especially on this radio station. Oh. The callers who call a sports show. What's your take on a dolphin that the L.A.A.? What's your take on Ricky Williams here to do? What's your take on Ricky's boyfriend? You know, I'll call that crap. 24.7. 24.7. What about evil doers? Yeah. Just like one person that uses that a lot. That's what it says here. W says evil doers. Maybe he drinks it. Here's one from Bill and Mimey who says, Get a grip man. Don't have another stroke for Pete's sake. This war in the events around again. Are making you go nuts. What is he talking about? Do I seem like I'm going to have another stroke? No. I just got a little energy back. I'm feeling a lot better. I want to like a project a little bit here. You don't want to say it. Bill, don't get all bent out of shape. I don't have a problem. I think perhaps you should stay off the war news and also putting information and stick to humor and bits and other things. This war will never really to unduster. Oh, right. Right, Bill. Well, this is about as subtle as an elephant farting in your face. You know, right. It should stay off the war stuff. Just stick to the humor and farting. And keep on your liberal county pick a win. I've wore anti-bore stuff. No. No, thank you. Not having no stroke. I feel just fine. Thank you. And what not? Is there such an whatnot? I mean, I've heard it. Oh, and whatnot. I'm not reading it right. What not? That not there? No, I, you know, it's got its moments. But it's more translate well in print. You don't understand? Papya Cannon's got three votes. Oh, yeah. Just keep it light. Nails stick to the comedy bits. Stick to a few bars. Couple of belches. Who the hell are you? People kidding, huh? You think you're kidding anybody? This old Cout Bill? Oh, man. 307 votes. What's your, and in addition to which, how much are we talking about the war today? I thought we're talking about the expressions that could you aggravated about the comedy bits we play on Wednesday. Talk about the war for about 10 seconds. And then one article about the woman who saw her two girls heads blown off. So, ladies on the black off helicopter and again, they're also saying that does not appear to have been brought down by enemy fire. No, a lot of accidents and a lot of friendly fire. Seven more Americans are killed there. Well, that's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's an interesting thing. That one collar brought up that poll. In other words, if the casualties are 500 less, it's okay. And then we start getting a lot more nervous if it reaches a thousand. That would be a good poll question. How many Americans have to die or allied troops have to die? Or how many innocent people have to die since a lot of innocent, or an American's or Brits? How many innocent people have to die before you start losing your enthusiasm? Your appetite for the war or conflict. Barking up the wrong way. For operation Iraqi freedom. Try to listen sympathy for the Iraqi civilians is perpless. Oh, that's right, town. And we're in this country. Oh, here. Here's a couple of good ones. See what I'm saying? Yeah. Shall we put that on there? Sure. What are you certainly not for enthusiasm? Look at that guy. It's so weak. It's weak compared to the one I put on there. And then there's one that only mad dogs says, I, I know a lot of people say that. I, I know. That's a gangster thing. The gangster say it 247, girlfriend. Yeah, I know that. But I, I, I, no, come on. I, oh, he says it. Yeah, we'll start asking for you. Yeah, yeah. I, Carlos is your gangster. 247, especially when you go into those neighborhoods for the drug deals. Let's see, what's your take we got that one once you're taking? Like this one. Oh, yeah, Mike, we got what you take already. Mike with the long ox. It will impact us or it impacted us. Things don't impact. They have an impact on something. That's correct. But I don't think, yeah. Well, we get what you're saying in your right, but it's, it's a little weak, right? Week, it won't have much of an impact on our pool. It won't impact it. Not like what's your take. In fact, I think somebody's got some, that's impacted. Maybe that's what's probably the first. 122 votes, maybe it was Morris. The cat. What's your take on Neil's Wednesday, noon to one, comedy with star? It's week get rid of it, 95. I love it 82. It's okay. Keep it 82. I hated 58. And I vote for Papu Cannon five. I bet your pack gets a bunch of votes today, you know what? But third man. 32 votes 95 and 58 is 153. Got that, 53. And the other two is 164. So the positive votes, 164, 253. Wow. I'm sure something is a good thing. We put Papu Cannon on there because that's just, it's going to be just that. Let's get the judge, would they, I, you know, the one I looked up was looking at the chance to be a ballot. The walk at the judge with that bulging eye to look up at this thing. I can't wait. Yeah, he was great. He was everywhere in the world. They saw that the Palm Beach County judge with a bulging. He was good. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T. And Verizon, where the slime got a real battle. And it been tucked nose to nose side by each. On the noon to one pool. We'll have to shut it off at 11. I, I felt shut to your whole place down at 11. Oh, sounds good to me. You got, yeah, yeah, round puffed at he says that. Or was it, was it, what's his name? No, it was puffy. Yeah, puffy. To a old dirty bastard. I, and of course he was positive and he had the right answer. But turn the man. Here's a call from sunrise, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. I'll be in a couple of minutes. Okay, go ahead. Not for nothing. Not for nothing, okay. It's good. And my bad. Oh, yeah. Oh, George, oh. Oh, he says that and I hate that. I'm so glad he said it. Oh, I think I've been listening. Okay, thanks. Like I eat. You always say that. My bad. Oh, then it's so. That is so childish man. It's so juvenile. So silly. What was not eating? He says it's five every five minutes. Well, he does. He never talked to him. Well, what do you think? I'm a moron. I don't want to talk to him for what am I going to learn from him? I don't want to find out what is like under the overpass. He lives in the hotel from the beach. Yeah, he lives in the fountain blue. He lives in the bottom. And the beach on the beach. And also the most of each. We're supposed to feel safer and take up collections. And I'm writing him text so we can work on a weekend. Jesus Christy Pueblas in the living front. Oh, I got another one. How is the crib? Hmm. I mean, crib, yeah. But I've only ever heard run, vendington run Diaz. No, you're right. See, you're trying to educate me about what punks say to be cool. What do you think they got more punks than I do? I don't hang out with any punks. Okay. I'm sorry. I don't see any punks hanging it out. Not here anyway. No, seriously. I'm playing that. I don't care whether you like that or not. Now, what is it? What did I just say? How's the crib? Oh, God. How's by you? I like they're going to be having to find a for a New Orleans. Oh, we're going to buy you. Don't go there by the way. All you silly basketball people. It's a horrible place. You'll regret every second of it. I heard Zach this morning. Oh, we've got to go into Orleans. You're about to go. What's wrong with you, Zach? In addition, what you know, he would do up there. Drinking eat. Eat and drink. Yeah. Zach. We're talking about fat fat Zach who's on the edge. Who's always. Have you noticed how he's always sick by the way? Mm-hmm. Always sick. We're sitting in there today with the coffin. Pork can't mold. And I hope that nothing happens to Ken. He's in the bullpen with guy told Ken. I said, if he starts coffin, run out of here. He says he's got a sore throat. What was he doing in there? But he was certainly wasn't getting material ready for mo. Because mo has got this two-day vacation, which has already been on the schedule. So it was pre-planed. I heard he had to get his pieces dried out from the flood. Huh? What was bagged over spilled? He had to get his pieces dried cleaned. I wonder if Drought Concepts would do most hair pieces. Let's suck the dirt right out of this. Suck it right out. Fine. In fact, maybe they could do his vercos veins at the same time. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T. Man, he's a mess. He's a good one to be talking. I mean, I'm a fat old slob. I look like Kerala. I'm gross. But I admit it. But he fances himself like a real fashion play. Like a hot, like he's hot, you know? Yeah, he does. He really does. He thinks he's a good-looking man. Yeah, compared to the thusla. I've never seen the thusla. Compared to Ben Franklin. Compared to people who've been dead for like about 2,300 years. And in fact, let's check it out when you come right down to it. Ben might be in bomb pretty good. More or less like he's in bomb. Here's Kendall. Hello. Hey, Ken. I'm Neil. I get two things. I'll probably love your bit. And second, you don't have to keep it on the down low. Keep it on the down low. George, no? Yes. Carlos is not. I never heard that. I can't stand it. What does it mean? Don't tell nobody. Keep it on the down low. You made the list. Thank you. Keep it on the down low. Now who the hell are we kind of asshole says that? Punks. Let's say we don't. Keep it on the down low. Yeah. I. I. Ha ha ha. Now man, it's always been saying that long before it became fashionable. So goes to show you also. Farts no matter what kind of lingo we use eventually it'll make a comeback. You know. I. Ha ha ha. See I've been saying I eat. He's been saying that as long as I can never call back to the I would do this. I. Sports fans. In fact, that's to me the highlight of his show. Right. And start to put down by the way. He won't be on the day. I. I. I. Who got them. I'm a. I've got it again. Greg. You're doing it, baby. How many listeners we're going to have left after this baseball season's over. Oh, man. 5. 6. 705. 60. 352 votes on here. What's your take on heels. Wednesday noon to one comedy. But, sir, I vote for Pat. You can't. 10. You know what those are probably the same old Jews and Palm Beach devoted from two years ago. Where do my vote for Ralph Gore? It's right here where it says Pat. You can. Well, it looks a lot the same, don't it? Huh? Let's see. The annuna one hour. It's week here. We're at a hundred and three. I love it. 91. I love it. It's moving up. It's okay. Keep it 89. I hate it. 59. So what we got. 91. And 89 is 180. Right. So the positives are pulling away just a little bit. So maybe we'll do it like every other Wednesday or for half an hour or for every other minute. 10. 13. It's 5. 60. W. I'll tell you a place you can go for a little while. Go in there and just relax and have a feast at the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet. Our good friend Richard or whatever from Toronto. Emerald Coast has three soft locations for a real feast. And there are four pines. Start out with any or all of six different delicious soups like that want and soup. And your hot and sour. Been sampled dozens of succulent entrays. In fact, I would say there's at least not third man. And probably more than that. Dozens at Emerald Coast. Oriental Surf and Turf on a weekend's near Stiffstake made a word of the gourmet center. A sizzling Asian grill of featuring Tariahki steak and shrimp, chicken seafood, handcarp prime rib. Everything is fresh and crunchy and delicious. Nothing sits there and gets mushy like mung luck the other Chinese buffet. And also unlike the other joints, they don't use any crap. You won't walk out of the Emerald Coast with a headache ever because there's no MSG, no cornstarch and a cook only with cholesterol free oils. There are buffet features a full salad bar, a new sushi bar and fresh from cocktail too. And great news for is always. Emerald Coast famous lobster fest is back featuring lobster thermometers and lobster bisque. And they got that unbelievable dessert bar. Pace yourself. You know what I'm saying? Let's go in there for a couple of hours. Pace yourself and save room for the dessert bar. It's great pies and cakes. Pace the resized scum and all your favorite toppings. Fresh Ruth they even be having watermelon theorem will cost the perfect ending to a gigantic unbelievable pickup. Fat boys not allowed in by the way. Emerald Coast with three locations like I said they're in sunrise, Pine Island a 44th street. They're on Collins Avenue just north of 163rd in North Miami Beach. And at the end of section of Flamingo and Pembroke roads in Pembroke Pies, be sure and check out the new Oriental chicken salad too when you go for your feast at the Emerald Coast. They accept reservations. Take out delivery available to call 954-5723822. 954-5723822 why not take the whole gang this weekend for a memorable feast to the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet. We are sports radio five season. Do a yeah. God Neil. The middle eastern world will be exploded to dominate people killed with the gas that we sold him. First time a crescer nation and the only one that's going now more blood will be spilled to get that oil going. Forget about Korean. The nooks they're told to nanta. Right queen is really getting over and over and to our head. I'm dying on the head. The rag has some. Femmes of past destruction. 3,000 people killed. Our now forgotten. Let's exploit them instead. Hey there's oil to be content. Going after sundown too. Played Kato's summer. There's no longer mention of the name in law that's but no it seems good. 3,000 people killed. We've been concerned all. I'm being complacent. Believe in every word of this cartel administration. Black controls us by fear through media manipulation and the right queen is really getting over and over and to our heads. And I rag has some. Weapons of past destruction. The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying. We're all suspects now not see as property. I have nothing to hide. People's partners all are safe. I know media and cattle don't have any reserve agent. Now the provoked faddle and swirl the nihilization. Old machines must fall and have a virgin and stoke with no objection at all. Till the crap known how the falls and the right queen is really getting over and over and to our parade waspets. I rag has some. Femmes of past destruction. That's the point. 20 past 10 and 5, 60, W2L. Here's a fact that says. I'll be honest with you. I'll be honest with you. I've been saying hey bro for longer than you've been alive. I know. I'll tell you another one. Dude. Dude. Get that on. Dude not. Dude range. Not. Okay. Pretty interesting. Okay. So the list. I'm going to read the whole list because otherwise this is pretty interesting. Fact did you know they rescued Jessica Lynch. In fact it says the media found her fifth cousin in northwestern Canada asked him what he thought of the rescue. He was overwhelmed. We love you Jessica. Okay, but let's cut the crap. A little bit of overkill. I'm sorry. Uh. Now this is a good fact but we're not putting any of this down but it's cute. It says phrase live and local except when he doesn't Toronto when Hanks and Vegas when he SPN program is the unaccepted out of town bulgogi. Live. Welcome live. Baseball faces that have been banned during wartime twin killing for double play. Vombed. As in the Marlins pitching stand or showed and blast for a home run. Can't say these things. All you can say is up. Up and away. Maybe he's getting ready to do Superman. Dave Van Horney with the bad wood. Dave Van Boring with a real bad hair piece and the hot white to do Superman. He's going to do Superman. He's going to get it up and they're going to go away. Here's a fact from Henry who says he's just awful. By the way, don't forget Dave Van Boring will be on the set known with the bookstore. And it'll be Barland's baseball on Q and M. Yeah, we're going to go out and kick some Philly's ass. Come on, let's do it. Here's what it says. I don't dare call. What is it? BC. What does that mean? British Columbia because the last time you called me a punk and I don't know about me. Oh, you're a punk Henry. That was probably about nine years ago. Henry's a little sensitive. Okay. I chased him away. I called him a punk about. Yeah, years ago. And he probably still has. Anyway, it says, oh dog is in what's up dog. Yeah, dog. I love that dog. I do love dogs. But I don't look at expression and George is upset about that because he's is that all the time. Why? Nothing. People call it up with stuff we already have in the list. We're just relaxed. Why are you still uptight? Seriously. Are you going to get paid? Are you going to get paid? Are you going to get paid? Any more for getting aggrieved? No, many times. They've called with things that we've already got in our list. How many times they've called? About third man. And the most annoying of it all. It says, two words. It's two words. But man, does it suck to hear it? We don't have to put this one on there. But I do like this. President Bush. Oh, that just sends me right to the bull. That's Henry. You're okay. And our bull can not have fucking more. Clearly. Clearly. Man, that's okay. But does make the list. That's okay though. I don't want you to feel bad. Clearly is good. You're killing me in the Mickey Mouse voice. Well, little Michael, I just got a new Mickey and I. Is there a way to come up with a momentarily? And the funny part about this, whoever facts this to me must be psychic. Because the bit is based around it. You're killing me where he is. It's good. Thank you, Dennis. He also loves the comedy. But if you have a 92 votes on that poll, we'll leave that up there till 11 o'clock. And then we'll put on this new one, which we're building during the show now. What's your mindset? What's your mindset? This is for our good friend Alan, who's regular facts about Alan. You can't win every day. Get that. Yadiyadiyadiyadiy. Who knew you're saying yes? You want to put on Yadiyadiyadiyadiyadiy. Okay. He's scrolling YADI three times. Yadiyadiyadiyadiyadiy. Oh my god, this is going to be a long list. There's going to be a reading it upset. Good. I mean. And whatnot. Yeah, that's a good one. And whatnot. Not. No, that's not. That's different. Not. And whatnot. Okay. And whatnot. Only idiots say some of these things. And real intellectual likes me. I don't be saying five, six, seven, oh five, sixty pound five, sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Let me ask you what actually, what's your mindset? Whatever. What's your take? What's your take? Go for it. What's your take, girlfriend? You go, girlfriend. Angela Ray, she's the anti-Christ. Okay. I will never watch. And I'm going to stick with this one this time. This is a promise to myself. I will never watch Channel 4 local news again. I will watch Dan rather every night because I do love Dan rather than spread what some you idiots say. But I like Dan rather like CBS evening news. Yeah, but he's a liberal. Good. That's good. Maybe that's why I like Dan rather. At least we don't get that right when he's slammed. I don't think we get any slammed on CBS news. We just get the goddamn news. But Channel 4 news and that Angela Ray that's simply in crack. Don't you people at Channel 4 instead of the difference between a newscast and a goddamn pepper alley? No. No, I haven't. I wish you would have seen that. You just would have been in disbelief. I mean, she went on and on about Jessica and how proud we are and how we want a great role model she is and everybody else is so inspired. I guess you forgot about the 11 soldiers who didn't get out of that hospital. The bodies they found. And the seven who died in that blackhawk down in the helicopter. Yeah, but they weren't shocked. And the helicopter was, well, the story keeps changing. First of all, they said that the jet that was shot down by a Patriot Missile was friendly fire again. Now they're saying he rack you shot it down. They don't know. See, they don't want to say the Iraqis did anything. Right. None of our people. No. Wouldn't it make more sense to say that the Iraqis that the Republican Guard and the evil do the the pawns of Sodom are the ones who are killing our troops. Wouldn't it be a little bit more civilized? No. But isn't it kind of embarrassing to say that we keep killing ourselves and a British with friendly fire in it all of that's a dangerous we are. Oh. They say that and then they will fear you. Right. God. 404 hosts on air. 21 for Pat, 21 for Pat, you can. Nice gone, Pat. 21. I bet you're by no one he's got. About 30 man. It's weak that noon to one hour and Wednesday. Get rid of it 110. I love it. 109. It's okay. Keep it 102. And I hate it 62. So the negative are like a flailing 170 to negative and 200, 11 positive. It's moved ahead by like 28 and 39 votes. You know, I'm a wizard on math. I mean, if I knew any it's useless, you know. Because it's a direct. Because that's a track man. If I need to count it my winnings is the track. I would like to do it in the second course. I don't have any. Or like to my all my big profits in a market that I made. You know, but I don't have any. But you can track. Yeah. I just can't multiply. But 28. Yeah, that's right. Of course you can. Yeah. Looks on me. 28 past 10 at 5 60 WQAM. Happy Thursday to it. We got the Marlin game baby. Or just more many audience. I've heard that big Marlin game. Yeah. The Marlins and they filled it up your fillies who are really damn good team. By the way, and who kicked some Marlin ass eight to five. Hopefully tonight Monday and last night 8 to 2. A little bit of a poultry crowd last night. Be real interesting to see. Today's game televised. Love of the afternoon games. Don't get televised. Yes or you don't know. Well, let me look. Let me look in the Harold Sports section. And by the way, sports fans. Ray Whitney 52 assists. He's one of the league leaders in the assist with Columbus. I just mentioned that three assists last night. And Columbus the straight jackets. Now have 68 points. And your Florida Panther 68 points each with two games remaining. The Columbus has six more wins though than the Panthers. So it's a good chance that Columbus will finish a head and points to the Panthers. Which would make that draft pick deal in the beginning of the last year's draft. Really cave right in on the Panther organization again. Wow. As Doug McClayen may pull a ball over there as one more time. There's Clarence out there. And it looks so happy. And he might guess the beast is giving up on him. This is moved to more fertile ground. What does he, oh, he's going to lure. He's going to lure. Given some KY and show him the way out the door. Let's see. The marlins is a game on TV today. Do we know? Ah, Mr. Sports. You're such a pot, you know what? God. Clarence. He knows it's going to be on radio. That's all that matters. Oh yeah. And your guy there is really boring by the way. Dave Hennborning. He looks up to his name. He is Ponderous. Up, up and away. All it's on TV. You don't want to hear it on a radio. It's on TV. But what is that channel's 35 and 67? What is that, tax? Oh, I see. We'll start on what? What is wrong with the hero? No, they're much of idiots or what? Why do they just put on Pax TV? Because on my cable it's 16. Paxon. I guess in Dave County it's 35 and 30 something like that. So what is on TV soon? Have to listen to Dave and Boring. Who's the guy that does the TV now for tomorrow? I have no idea what his name is. Len Casper. Len Casper? He's a little weak too, you know? But he sure missed Joe Angel. You know what? Hey, it's going. Joe, you got out of this guy for a second town. You went to the world serious out there with a giant, nice going baby. A good guy, Joe Angel. In fact, you remember he made that comment. He didn't want to mention my name because he wanted to work again. But his last broadcast. You see what we want to take. Thank the talk show of posters and pundits. Remember that? What took a poll on Joe Angel? Yeah. After they unsehermoniously blew him out of here so they could make way for it. They would make way for Dave O'Brien, highly overrated generic Dave O'Brien. Dave O'Brien sounds like a weak boo-shombie. Hey, hi, everybody. It's a little unfair, didn't he? That real hat, you know? Don't give me wrong. I love boo, because he's a good guy with orange hair. But tell him not to be so goddamn happy when you give up 16 runs in two games. You shouldn't be so happy, okay? Tell him not to be quite so happy, okay? Boo just told it down a little bit. You'll be alright. You see, he smiles because he knows what I'm talking about. He knows exactly what I'm saying. That's why when he does a talk show, I mean, you can get away with that on a ball game, I guess, but doing a talk show. Nobody wants you a happy talk show, host. No, that's why we get these calls. That's why they call with his crap all the time. They want to make damn sure of it. We're happy, though. We got a real good thing going. We got no spots, square ants, delaying the prone, prone position back in a orifice. That must have been a real mess at the ballpark, isn't it? Not that we don't have enough problems with all the other teams. Now, she creates a problem with the marlins. You think the marlins would be glad that anybody would broadcast their stupid ass games. Okay? You think they'd kiss Greg Reeds asks to put that swivel on the ear. And then screw-and-goes over there. Just when we thought we had it all patched up and puts out a grotesque block in our skybox at the ballpark on Monday night. They had a pager husband and 15 perimeters to come to scrape harass off the floor. And she's still out of it. She's still back there crawling around with what's his name? Roy! 29 to 11 at 5.60. WQAM. Why does he want to put a show on for a cleanse? Put a smile on his face anyway. He looks a little bit depressed when he came in here. Maybe he must turn him down today. Here's some more great deals for you from Tom Lamin and Joe Prieto and Halipani XGMC. Listen carefully, put your ear and rear to the radio. Neal deal number one gets 0% financing for 60 months on every potty acro GMC in stock. Neal deal number two, duet, dos, svi. Get up to a $4,000 rebate on every new GMC in potty acro in stock. That is correct. You're hearing his new family. You heard right. Get up to a $4,000 rebate on every new car truck in stock right now at Halipaniac. And Neal deal number three, trace as in trace that call. If you're currently a GMS smart leased or smart by customer and rubbish heavy blazer and old's bravada or GMC Jimmy, buy your lease in Upanayak or GMC and get you an extra $1,000 off the price. Stop by Helen Test Drive the all new and powerful Paniak Grand Prix too. Halipaniak GMC, they're unbeatable. They've been around for over 35 years in the same great location. Making great deals and treating people right. You're at 134-01 South, Tixie Highway that's US-1 across from the falls open every day, seven days a week. For all info on these great deals called the Neal deal hotline, 1-3-8-5-3-4-42-11. That's 1-3-4-42-11. Don't forget all Neal deals submitted to quit an approval CD in the fortitails. Halipaniak GMC, who be professional grade. This is for 20 likes to give you a new year. Or a liver. Hello Michael, I'm your office. I'm your... Yes sir. What the hell? Go on that finish it! What the hell? Are you doing to me? Are you a builder, man? That's right. What did I do now sir? Hey, Glets Big Movie. Yeah, like, Hey Glets Big Pista Pink Poe. What an amazing success. We're so proud of the animation in that. The thing finished seven by sir. Seven did a much money. We spent on that runty little stuttering pig. Uh, like, $80-90 million. $93 million on pig win and open seven. It's gonna take me nine months to make my breaks and money back. But, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, so, the animation is just... All the animation is terrible. I don't know what you're talking about. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh my. Oh, yes sir. I got reed myself, I'm not all I just... Reed us! Get ready for it! Reed us, come in here! Get ready for it! Stop you, Gary Reed us! What's the hell you're doing? But in a training system, both are training system. Yeah, you know, a system of art, visual natural dreams, and just, you know, used to train all the different buzz water. I know what a training system is, Reed us! I don't need a training system in my office, for heaven's sake. I don't even have a water bottle! I snorkeled. Yes, sir. I'll buy the last. We got that. How did the Oscars go? Oh, funny you should ask, guys. Now that's my next topic. Was it an amazing time? What the hell? Go ahead, finish it. Are you doing this? Are you doing the main put me on stage with Jennifer Garner Bemalius? Well, we figured such she's on ABC. I don't know what, I figured I'd do it just for how all that it'd be fun. I figured I'd get a little action afterwards. You know what she says to me? I'm married. I can't do that. You're my boss. I don't want to go down that boat. I'm not a minute there's an explosion in my office. Reed us! Go, boss. Reed us as quick as I can! What the hell are you doing to me? That let's rule over. Femes stop blasting through my walls. I'm trying to have a phone conversation with my pubs president. Get away from me. Get away from me. We need to think like, oh come on. I'm a loser. Yes, sir. How about how? Are you doing a pario domain? But, but also how did it go with Jennifer? It did not, sir. I got nothing. Nothing. Nothing. You wouldn't even give me a hand. Well, so you are a married man. Ah, you know what? Just sound like mini. I went home. She said, oh I saw the unstage of Jennifer Garner Bemalius. I want to get my own ear. I said, I don't want a mirror mini. I just want to stop. Bring it back. Come on. Reminds. What are you doing? Come on. Get the crew off. Get your crew out of here. I'm here. Get the apartment. Are you doing the make? Twenty-three. Twenty-three to eleven and five sixty-one to QM. Here's what it says for your next pool. This is the major pool. You're a big pool. How about the umpteenth time? What are my all-time worst phrase it said? Umpteenth time? No. Thank you, Richard. I've heard that. Export. I've put you in Vegas. Still listening after all these years. Thank you, Richard. Don't feel bad because we didn't put your thing on the list. If I told you once it's the umpteenth time, I've told you. How about, yeah, this has got to be on there. Even though they're probably good confused with the other one, how about, what's that dog? And as opposed to just playing. Just blow this. It's just for that. The power of mo compelled it. And it just came back. 457 votes on there. Say one two by we can't let. Once a year we can't let. That's it. That's your quota. Piece of crap. What's your take on meals Wednesday, noon to one comedy, but it's our 457 votes. That's pretty heavy, doody. When we start there? About 930? Anyway, I love it 122. It's week at 122. It's okay. Keep it 117. I hate it 65. And I vote it for Papuaí Cannon. Look at that. Absolutely right. What we said. About 31. So let's see. The positive ones. I love it. And it's okay. It's 239. And the negative ones is 187. So 13 and 39 is like 52. Okay. We can get that off of there now. When you smile about that, never got to catch up. Unless they want to reap it again. Like the yesterday's pool. This morning. I sure loved it. Who that was this morning? Just really heavy, doody pouring in the anti-neal votes. See, I mean, we try to be fair on it. Show at least a little bit anyway, or at least pretend to be. And you know, put our ours, our us on there. Put our own names on there. We want to take a little shot. You don't like what we're saying about the board. Which we don't care. For more than 60 years, Marines have gone forth from campus, June to find our country's battles. So anyway, so that way it means we're going to continue with the number one hour one today. Maybe we'll do it like from 1222 to 1257. I. Huh? Or maybe like 121730. I apologize yesterday for getting out of here too soon, but the clock was screwed up. And we're still trying to figure out how that happened all by itself. Right. How does the clock go fast? Correct. It's not a fast. The one's the time. I've never tasted the story when I was a kid in Brighton and Rochester, New York in Brighton. And one day I come home from school. It's like, uh, remember, like it was yesterday. That's 100 years ago. And I'm in a kitchen with my mother. And the clock on the wall in the kitchen, the electric clock started going the wrong way. Ooh. See, you're looking at me. And art belt would love this too. Get it back on here for a while. The second hand started going counterclockwise. And then the minute hand was also going counterclockwise. It's as if we were in the time tunnel with James Deren. Yeah, exactly. The clock was moving back. Now I've heard of. I think they exist those self-adjusting. No. No. This is, uh, self-adjusting clock. This was like a $5 clock from all over here. You're thinking like the atomic clock that corrected self at the top of the hour. Yeah. Man. Oh, man. You must be dreaming. You must be off your rocker. Picker redecorate duck. I was watching a hands-on-a-clock. And we're moving backwards. About 30 minutes. Yeah. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. 60. See, you were fascinated by that. It's a true story. I don't know what I guess. I unplugged it and plugged it back in. And that was okay again. Huh? Strange. Oh, I never got to these facks. Huh? Jesus Christ. Phil Henry has been brainwashed by his wife. Who's a right-wing bitch, Allah, and courter. He should go back to smoking weed and dating black women. It says, there's an excellent facts. How do you like that? So Phil's wife is a right-wing bitch. And she's brainwashed him. And that's why all of a sudden he's taken on his ultra-right-wing persona, which totally flies in the face of everything we knew and, uh, loved. Are you sure? How do you like that? Here's the other facks. I forgot these. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. No. It says, man, if you don't like bushes ass like all these spikts in this town, I guess that makes you evil. This country has never been more divided and it will get worse. I'm a Vietnam veteran. Still have enough sense to see that this war is wrong. Keep it up Neil. Thank you, Mike. Love and kiss is Mike, out of the way. I'll tolerate you later. I'll tolerate you later. This phrase, f and sucks. What you're right about that, but we never heard of it. Uh, at the end of the day. Oh, yeah. You know who likes to say that? Who? Bill Tanner. What? Yeah, he at the end of the day. Therab's with. Gay. Fuley. At the end of the day. We got to put that on. Nah. Let's see. And that's also from Carolyn. Thank you, Carolyn. Got game. Isn't he's got a, he's got game? What? It's a sports term. I don't, I don't have a broad. I know my sports, Mr. I never heard of it. All right. I know my sports casting. I got your in-dam tea. I could have, I could have done circles around Mohour David. I'm, any, any play by play. I just want to mention that again because I would like to dance on his grave. Side by each. Honestly, what the hell is that? That's Canadian thing, eh? Side by each. You use that all the time. It's as a joke. Right. Well, because Frank Sulee, who's probably the best race collar in North America, least harness racing anyway. Frank Sulee, if that would bind in Mohawk and Toronto. Remember that I put the audio on from my digital table? Right. They were replaying the races from night before. Well, Frank Sulee will say occasionally he'll say that side by each. I don't know. It's a Canadian thing. It's funny. Instead of saying side by each. What's the other side by each? Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh, let's see. Juni says the phrase that bugs me the most is sorry about that. And have a nice day. They say that even when it's a nightmare. Who says sorry about that besides Maxwell's smart? Are you back in a time or retro that retro? Retro. You retread that retro mind state. He's back in the 50s with Book of Brian. Maxwell's smart. Now, thanks to you. I don't think so. Or God came. I don't know what the impact aside by each to me. I said that more sense than he got game. I don't know what that is. But small ball. Oh, I'd like to find who to however invented that piece of crap. Small ball. I had a friend who had a small ball. One. One. Well, he had two, but one of them was small. Oh, I had a friend once who had a large ball. Really? Yeah. One regular size of one in order. Open a kind of a kind of a kind of a kind of a procedure. I tried. Anyway, here's what it says. Good morning Neil. And George likes to share my phrases. Friendly fire. Oh, I like that. Very timely, by the way. Friendly fire. Are you keeping track all of these or what? By the way, some important stuff going on. That's enough, George. I'll present that to you, speaking in front of me. Oh, and somebody also attacks me about the her husband, the insistent that he never spoke with the military outfit on. Here it is. And we saw it, don't you remember? Sure. Last week George mentioned the situation. George addressed the troops dressed in fatigue. I saw that as well. When I told my husband, he said Bush would never do that because he never served in a military. Well, he supposedly served in a jacket with all of the insignia. Right. Patches. Did I misunderstand George or what? No. And she says George is right in your right, Betsy. Please keep up the articles. They're great. You're the only honest voice out there. We appreciate it. Thank you, Betsy. And you were right. Your husband's full of crap. Friendly fire. Oh, and my nigger. Yeah. Can we put that on there? Or my nigger dog. No. Oh, no. I'm just saying. My nigger. Okay. Can I actually- Oh, that's not a phrase. That's just robbing poppin' a base. That's just a literacy rob. Can I actually request it? It's a literacy. George says a lot of recon say that. They do? Yeah. They do. Why is that? I don't want to know. What is this? More terror attacks are imminent wake up America before it's too late. Please make copies of this flyer in the video. I'll pass it out email it to everybody. What the hell is this? Unless we take a stand and get the message out of it. It's that our government presidents behind these terror attacks. And you got to get it. Oh, well. Woo! Man. Good luck, Mr. You'll need it. Here's one. It says, please take the time to check. And it's got a website. Thank you. Developed by Lake Superior State University, containing words and phrases that they want banished from the English language. They take nominations and publish a yearly list of banned words and phrases. It's in line with the expression you're dealing with today. Most sucks in every major way is practical. Get them off the air and bring back default. Of course, what can we say about that, besides? Oh, right. P.S. One of my favorites is when an airplane is about to appear for landing. They make an announcement to the effect that we are about to make our initial landing. That's not what they say, Patrick. They say, we're making our initial approach into the Miami area. Initial Mayas. How many landings does a plane make? I've never heard them say that. So maybe they're just a stone, Patrick. They say we're making our initial approach. Which means you're starting to descend. Is what it means. I know my fly and man believe me. I've traveled a few flights in my time. And of course, when that starts, you're going to start pop in a little bit. Yeah. And you hope that they stay in the popped open position. I'm trying to figure out if my left ear is actually open or close. I think it's been closed for so long. I'm just used to it. You know what I mean? You don't chew gum as a rule to you. I'm making a part. I tried that. Doesn't work. I tried that. That's pretty good stuff though. What is it? What kind of good? Not try it in. Try it in. It's awful. It's when the EEX is. What is that stuff? Extra. Is that what it is? Of course, my problem is I chew the whole pack. Just like when I was a kid, you see good baseball cards. And they all had the real. The flat. Right. Slabs of gum. The bubble. They were like coated with white powdered sugar. I mean, just right nasty nasty. The cheapest gum. Heart is metal. Right. And you felt obligated because you were spending like a dime effect. Very reasonable card. You felt obligated to chew the gum. You shouldn't have been going to go throw it out. So you'd wind up with like a whole mouth full of it. This awful nasty. And you felt obligated because you were spending like a dime effect. Very reasonable card. You felt obligated to chew the gum. You shouldn't have been going to go throw it out. So you'd wind up with like a whole mouth full of it. This awful nasty. It would kind of like chewing on still cotton candy. All the way. Do like cotton candy. Do you have many years since I've had cotton candy? I'd share cotton to have some of them. Are they going to put a press release out when they actually have the assholes? No, they're just going to surprise you. Sneak up on you. How about shock and awe somebody says? Yeah. We all heard that this one time. And it was once too many. I guess the enemy. Him? Army Marine divisions. Are engaging the enemy. Yeah. Just keep saying it over and over again. Yeah. This is cute. It's about boasting how I'm Blair. What proof do you have the Iraq has weapons and weapons and weapons and weapons and weapons? You have to receive. By the way, Tony Blair says that it'll be the Iraqi people that are going to run their government once this conflict is over. He said there is no way that it ought to be Americans or British people. And of course, as you know, oh, and there isn't an entenese bedtime stories about the right wing general. The good friend of Bush and the Cheyga. The Orlando guy. Yeah. It's in one of the stories. I mean, that's not the specific story, but it's in there. We'd all have had time stories from Pillar to Post. The occupational governor. Yeah. The occupational dictator. I mean, whatever he's going to be. Yeah. Of our puppet Iraq. Well, it was in there. Okay. Whatever. Just don't start getting picky. When you've got 6,000 stories, how can I roll far like me, keep them straight and straighten it. My vocabulary anyways. I just cut the crap. Well, I have this friend of mine. If it's a friend, it's a friend of yours. You idiot. Not a friend of mine. That's another very interesting. Have you? No. George don't like that one. Don't take it personal. George don't like it. He's a hard ass. He's an old dog. The mad dog. The big dog. The little dog. The crazy dog. The dog pound. And that's a sports thing too. Besides being a punk thing. It's also, of course, a sports thing. All the macho guys. You know? Right. Every sports guy's got to be the dog. As opposed to, we only have one going to eat the dog. And that's the hammer. You don't want to say it? Now, I don't hang for about a hundred years and Quarcent is before. And it's not a knock. But I quite, I never, I never quite, frankly, thought of Hank as the hammer. You know what I mean? That's why I call him the humpar because that. It's a. Trave. But everybody else is a dog. Right. You know what I mean? In fact, if you ever heard our morning show. Anyway, here's the fact. This is, if you notice a recent directive from someone that I'll journalist now refer to homicide bombers in place of suicide bombers. Homicide bombers. Some, that started a few months ago because the, the president decided that that they should be called. Comrade. To shoot a shot bomber in the pipeline from the. The citizens of Iraq are coming in. What kind of people we have sent to liberate them. Ha ha ha ha ha. No. Yeah. Not the ones who blew the heads off those, uh, little girls. He's starting up again. Oh, I'm sorry. Not the ones who are dropping his gigantic bombs in the dropping bombs. I'm a turn to the awards and things like that. And it says, what about that journalistic term went missing as in a child disappears and reappears the child is declared as a went missing child. Kind of like really Wilson. Anybody seen her lately? No. She went missing. Oh, she went missing. Now that's, that's okay, but it's not. I mean, the list will be too lengthy if we have, uh, 50,000 money. But you keep working on it. All look at that, Eric's already got him a going on there. He's already building the list. Thank God we got the internet back. What are you looking at me like that for? What do you give me an evil do or look Carlos? Merrick. Oh, the phrase that brought a bugs me the most on this fact. Judy says, sorry. Oh, I already did this. Sorry, Judy. Don't want to embarrass you twice. Couple for the poll from John in port Saint loosely. Friendly fire got it. Uh, and I guess the two little girls heads qualifies collateral. Collateral damage. Oh, yeah. That's a good one man. That's a good one, John. Collateral damage. Remember what to make they said, but all those people he blew up, making his statement. Acceptable collateral damage. It says from John that was a talking head on CNN today. We'll take over the oil fields, but only until the war and reconstruction are paid for. We don't want to make a profit. It says, I guess he forgot to clear his statement with Halle Burton and with Dick Cheney and all the other Dixon and White House. Right. Oh, and the Ukraine, did you see that? Now they want in. There was a story on MSNBC. If they have no animals, pots than my pants about the Ukraine says they want in because they've got they want to get on the oil deals. They want to slice. They've got all these. Yeah, they want to get the oil deal going. Let's see. Dido dido dido dido dido dido dido dido dido dido dido dido dido dido dido dido dido dido dido dido dido dido dido dido dido dido dido hado. We don't associate with them. So thank you, but no thanks. Dido dido dido. For the list, awesome. We already got that. Got awesome. Oh, man. What an undertaking. As they say at Lithko. A couple more letters from the a herald this morning. From Christy, Markets since you just talked about Halle Burton. It says, on March 25th it was revealed that Halle Burton which Dick Cheney headed before becoming vice president was given the contract to work on the oil fields in Iraq. Have Americans become so brainwashed and political corruption doesn't matter? The people who believe this was about power money and oil are only having their beliefs confirmed. How many more arrogant violations of the public trust is going to take before everyone understands that they've been had? How many more is it going to take? About 30 man. Just Christy and in forlaterdale. Right on, Christy and I scones we'd are. Good letters, see. Maybe I had a little bit of impact after those three obnoxious letters about protesting the protesters. After I read those on to your last Friday, I want to take a little credit for that. Having a little bit of an impact. Probably not. I will take credit anyway. You go girl. Okay. 1058 at 5.60 WQAM. Each house, Erin's coming. We need again. If we don't want to go from the bush for tell the left us all this way. We both end up blind so cold. It was our doom. As the bombs dropped from the stars from far away. Maybe we should have paid attention a little bit more to the facts we chose to ignore. The price of capacity clung but I'm afraid that the none won't be going. We need again with our home that I've been. Civil rights will be restored once on a day. Come on, people. We need again. If we don't want to go from the bush for tell the left us all this way. We need again with our home that I've been. Civil rights will be restored once on a day. It's 11.02 or 5.60 WQAM. The house had dolphin. Marlon pregame show. What did the audience have before our pregame show? Except the marlins have balls. Here's a very good point. How can they keep the stars cases in Florida confidential? I saw that on the news yesterday and I thought to myself, why can't you tell us where these two people are? Everybody else like in Toronto. They tell you like it's Scarborough Hospital in New York, New York, New York, New Hospital in this neighborhood and where we're going to hell else. And every place else in the world about that apartment building in Hong Kong, where most of it broke out and the hotel. How come in Florida? Well, confidentiality. Of course the public wants to know what parts of the state these cases came out. It says a co-worker of mine is out sick with similar symptoms here. I don't want to get you nervous if a co-worker hears us out. I'd be real nervous if I were you. Not, not us. 97 to 98% survival rate by the way. The only people who died from SARS are people like mostly elderly. There's been one guy was 44 but mostly elderly people who've had other serious health problems. You follow what I'm saying. In fact, the survivor rate on SARS is much better than Pinnomonia. So don't get all panicky, okay? We got enough other things to get panicky about. The church, did you just start? Like that prison we just saw on there. I'm speaking. I'm fixing to do whatever. So Jack, I'm fixing to other term. I'm fixing to go and take a good dump. I'm fixing to call Gilbert back and bust his head. Good. I'm fixing to go and take the state's attorney there and just stick his foot up. Gilbert's ass. By the way, what's Gilbert's facts number? And he's lonely today, is that what you're telling me? Yeah. What's all this word I do with it? Where did I do with it? 305. I don't got it. You got it? I got it. You don't got it? Who's got it? 388. 305. 388. 325 to this time. 325 to this is a different number. Oh, let's give it again slowly then. 1. 305. I mean 388. 325 to. 325 to. The onus Gilbert calling into using of synodies on theophone. Jack asked, simple to retardo, misfit, scumbag. How long is it going to take? Well, this radio station. I mean, Clarence, we do him a big favor. He came in here and asked a little bit of a favor. We took care of it. And we do us a favor. Okay. Go get this guy and time. I'll put a guy there. Put some duct tape on his push. There you go. That's the next line. I do all your people want to go. What you're going to do with your leftover duct tape. The time reached what did he go out and buy with your viz queen. The poll is down again. What is he doing? What is this man doing? Our thing is working on his end. What is with Eric? Maybe he just means, I don't know what he's doing. Let me, uh, a bunch of us. Because I already voted. There were few of us maddening of what's starting on there. What were you into being a boy? Go, is he taking a dump or something? I don't know. See that? Again, just mentioned the name and he flew in the door. Hi, psychic powers. I'm going to go home and start my own psychic network. Screwed him as Leo Bich. Okay. Screwed him as clear. We'll get you a crystal ball. I got crystal balls. Go with your small ball. In fact, that's our new slogan here. QA and we got crystal balls, baby. And don't wish to lay laying too happy about it. Here's Pembroke Park, hello. How right. The one that annoys me the most is if you're going to talk to talk. You better walk the walk. And that one annoys me the most. Okay. Thank you. And don't forget if you're going to walk the walk, walk the plank. I mean, that's okay, but it's not. It doesn't make the list. I guess I better clarify. The pole is down. He puts in. Now, what is he trying to convey to me? What is he trying to say? Another way. The pole is down. In other words, he's still building it or he's got a problem. What's the story up there? I've got a message to you. You see I've got a problem with the lunch. You see I've got a problem with lunch again. That's the intermediate. This is lunch down. Let me be down his pants. Are you the three of you going to start again? Because I'm going to hear the one here. If you an Eric and Carlos start that damn three way. The rest starting at the same time. But you. What do you mean by that? I just asked a simple question. And we're trying to answer you. And you're just busting Eric's chops. I'm trying to answer you. Are you defending Eric? No. That will never happen. No. By the way, this article by Robert Fisk Wailing Children, The wounded the dead victims of the cluster bombs rang on Babylon. Wow. Can we add one more on there today? Carlos, why you're talking to the silly ass Eric up there? We got one more. And we got so many of them. But this one's too good to pass up. I Robert Fisk from the UK independent day. It's today's date. It says the wounds are vicious and deep. I can't wait to hold things too long. But I'll put it on the website. The wounds are vicious and deep. A rash of scarlet spots on the back and thighs and or face. The shards of Shrapnel from the cluster bombs buried in Intermore and the flesh. The words of the halat teaching hospital are proof that something illegal, something quite outside. Did you even convince him to occur to the villages around the city? Once known as Babylon. The wailing children, the young men with breast and leg wounds, the ten patients upon whom doctors had a perform brain surgery to remove metal from their heads. Talk of the days and nights when the explosives fell like grapes from the sky. Cluster bombs that Dr. Say and the debtor of the air raids around the Helmets, the hamlets of Nadir and Jiffel and whatever these other names shows that they are right. Were the American or British aircraft that charred these villages with one of the most lethal weapons of modern warfare, the 61 dead who passed through the Helmets hospital and Saturday night cannot tell us. Nor can they survivors who in many cases were sitting in their homes when the white canisters open high above their villains, spilling thousands of bomblets into the sky, exploding in air, suring through windows and doorways to burst indoors or bouncing off the roofs of the concrete, huts to blow up later in the roadways. And this is what Don Rumsfeld and the others are saying. The other way, those aren't food packages, those are bomba and they're not weapons of master's drug. Right. And they're certainly not in violation of these Geneva Convention. That's only barbarians do that stuff. So here you go, I'll be in a boy. There's another one. Pull his down by the mouseback up. Ha ha ha ha. Oh man. You haven't lived until you get in a amongst because there's more than, well, between. No, three of the amongst. Eric and George and Carlos. That trifectoman. You want to lose your mind and one easy lesson. They're not done to know with me. You were the one busted his chops. I remember I was making that list again the other day on the year about people never call me again. PD Lenny and Norm Kent. Eric. I let him out. Don't call me anymore. Unless it's like a major emergency like somebody stole your lunch. Let's see now I'm voting for if I can find it on here. What's your take? What's your take? And I can't find it. Can you find it? You know what I'm saying? What's the load on that's uh don't even go there. You go girlfriend. I wear the hell is it? God damn it and bedded heads up. Talk to the hand or her does. Don't get panicky and keep it light. Do a lot of fart sounds. Don't talk about the word about the president that way. Okay. 560560 palm 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. You know what's we didn't see anybody from the sales department today? Did we for our usual fat boy who's not permitted to hear any more? Time's record we don't want to see. Even our good friend Troy Donahue. I mean, trust, refer it. We didn't see. You know what I'm saying? Right. And wouldn't you be embarrassed to with a log like this? Not just on a show but to whole radio station. What maybe they're all trying to sell something? 560560 weapons of mass destruction is four. You mean like those cluster bombs? That's a good example. Yadiyadiyadiyadi three. Dude two. Oh, I just, I know you said all the time. Dude. Yeah, you do. Dude. Dude. Did. Close your two. What's your take is going to just this is up now. Okay. Can start voting now. And while I'm sure we'll add many, many more between now and one o'clock. Let's go back to the poll about that noon to one hour. Just to keep my balance. What do you say? Keep these bastards on their toes. That's the idea on a show. What's John Siggatholerson? Are we going to commercial? Oh yeah. Things can't be too bad. We're going to commercial. That's always a good sign. Right? The things aren't really too bad. Too many people aren't dying. Look. What happened there? The futures that Dow and Suring yesterday because the war's going so well. We're only like a few miles outside of Bag. It's in the bag, Dad. They were Republican guard or crumbling like all good Republicans doing it in. But. And of course we found Jessica. Yeah. Yeah. Did you hear that? No. They rescued Jessica. The first rescued prisoner since so W. W. How's she doing? She's sound and got around. Down and sound. By the pound. Dow is the futures were way up there. And I bet you that started out. I wasn't paying too much attention. It was up for a while. But now. Oh, no. By me way up. Right. But something happened here. The Dow is a party. Oh, she is. I'm going to be a party. You know, by the time I get the words out of my mouth, it's going to be the negative. See because I'm so negative. I would have just kept it off. Oh, that was up only two points. It's stable. It has the x up only 5.63. Oh, to like. Ah. Pretty soon. It's going to be in a red. We're going to have one of those Wall Street Red Alerts. Not a regular red Alerts. Just a Wall Street Red Alerts. As in your. Your whole life. I have a. All in there's Ted David. Trade plenty of economic day today. Our former friend Ted David with two first names. Who would as moderate meant to be a co-conspirator. And there's my flinzy. The city's going to take care of a Gilbert person. Okay. He said he's going to go over to his house with the two by four and stick it up Gilbert's ass. Which we pay a lot of money for that. Believe you me. Up 98. Batman. It's still in the red. Did well. There's how hope. Right. Keep your eye on that bouncing arrow there in the bottom of the screen. It's still in the red. Ah, damn it. Down 70. Turn it off. New year. The kiss of death. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Weapons of mass destruction's got nine votes. What's your take? You know what I'm saying? And yada yada yada. Have for our love this pool today. Don't I come up with some really good crap? You know? Anyone want to know why? Because I realize people don't want to sit in here. Participating all day every day. They don't want to get by. I am so sick and tired of this guy day and more coverage. You know? We've been 18 miles outside of Baghdad. It seems for a month now. Doesn't it seem like that? About 30. Yes. God. And the Republican guard are caving in and there's nothing left. And the leaders are talking of this one and they're talking of the military leaders, but not the political leaders. And they're thinking this and thinking that. And on and on it goes. I realize it's only a couple of weeks. But God Almighty. Feel like this thing has been going on for 50 years already. And especially with these great rationalizers out there who seen OE will hear no evil. They just look the other way. They got the blinders on. Think I want to those masks on like for SARS. Now it's good to have one of those on one of those surgical masks. It keeps the SARS away and also keeps the truth away. You have to be bothered by the truth. I was offensive stories and pictures of the capitated people in dead bodies and gruesome clouds. He blind folds in earplugs for that. So just keep in mind if we only lose 500 minutes. Okay. It's a bargain. It's a hell of a deal. And have to price. If we lose like a thousand, then we're going to start getting pretty nervous. You know, when ancient Rome, when they would invade and conquer, the soldiers would get a cut of the takers. Now did the, did they put the body count on the ear of the night on radio room? They would tack it up to a post. I see on, I don't know, did they put it on TV on? Oh, no, what is that? Oh, look at his airs getting really forked off. Now he's got a big red thing on here. The full is taken on. The pull is not over to the public. I, uh, it's seen that if it seems I don't react when you're saying right away. It's because I'm hearing the show about three minutes delayed. He's hearing the show three minutes delayed. He's hearing the show about three minutes delayed. He's hearing the show three minutes delayed delayed delayed delayed. Tom delay. Just don't get all porcupine out, Eric. I want to say for that. Not necessarily. He takes the just calm down. This, the website is great. You guys are doing a phenomenal job mostly, Carlos. But you guys are doing a great job on it. And seriously, we're proud now. As opposed to a few months ago when it was an embarrassment, I had a bunch of old crap on here. You know, like meals 10th anniversary on the era. Yeah, it was getting pretty nasty. Like Tommy, you know, don't say the effort Tommy. Don't say the effort. His mic is open. You scumbag. Hello, I'm drunk. He's wearing scruncht's t-shirt. That's it. How do you like that? Drunk and slot. Yeah, you know what? You ought to go back to sales and give that to her right now. Sleve it on her. Push. Hello, I'm drunk. Like it's a bullet. Well, what do you want? Why is he so work? We've been talking about this all week about the display that she put out over there. The in the QM box at the Marlins home opener on Monday night at this race. People are writing about this sports writers from coast to coast in Anchorage, Alaska. They're writing about screw and winning the town drunk. Put it on a performance. In fact, if the Marlins have put out a performance like that, they might have won the game on Monday or even last night. And academy award. Yeah, I go to the game if there was something like that going on. Yeah. We're sure you better take that surgical mask to keep the smell out. Okay, with her crawling around. Oh, god, have goggles. Talk about a maggot magnet. 567. 560. 556. 556. On the AT&T. And for what? See, in the audience, six I'm making a stuff off. They think I'm making it up. We got a sales manager back there, man. You wouldn't wish Heinrich Kimmer on her. She do them, though. What was time again all whipped up, Bob. I'm sure he forgot. Yeah. Happens to all those pothids. You know, hey, Norm, can't I totally don't call me at home anymore? Okay, you're on the list. Don't call me. Since I said that he calls me every day now, just to prove a point, I won't talk to any more. If I see Norman Kent on the thing, I won't take the call. I'm out of town. Oh, and guess who called me to go to dinner at the pizza loft last night. Remember? Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh. Oh. Oh. And I said you idiot. No, I'm trying to lose weight. I just had a stroke you. You shmuck. See, they're not telecasting lies to again. So he's done for the year. So he's really got a lot of time on his hands. Jeff Cohen called me later about something else. Oh, and he says thank you by the way, Jeff Cohen. For what? I can't say it on the, okay. Oh, really? Well, then you're welcome, Jeff. Yeah, he said thank you. So he owes you and me. Can I, I hooked him up with that brought from the jewelry store. But anyway, he got lucky, I guess. I can't say that on the, no, don't. But anyway, he called me about to something. And he mentioned I said where the rumors there for dinner. Oh, yeah. They were there for their free meals. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. I want to piece of luck. Poor Jeff. I want the whole audience to subsidize piece of luck. Factory spots come up in a few minutes. After heavy duty, I'll summer long because now he's got to feed the poor rumor family all summer. Yeah, I heard that they're coming in there like nine, ten times a week. How many times? Well, I guarantee. No, seriously, by the end of the month. But third man. Easy. By the end of the week. Over an over an over and over again. Oh, yeah, we had a great story to tell you, Jeff. Oh, and by the way, can we have some more that. Oh, my, my, my, my, my, my, my. Some more that child. They have hummus there. Nobody do have that lots of pizza. My job, my job, pick what? Everyone to my, so pick what? No, that's no. No, it's a long island, master. Pick what you get with it. You know, you're so narrow with it. It's a Mexico. To know, to know, my god, Mexico. Like, Titi Kakak. All the way. Did like that movie losing it. Did I tell you I got the, um, the DVD when I bought my DVD player Toronto, uh, Christine? No, you didn't. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Did you did? That's how you did that. Because John Stockwell's in that movie. Right. And Alexander Paul. Rupal. Paul in. Yeah. I love that movie. Christine, that's pretty neat movie. It's okay. It's I. Yeah. Right. No, on DVD. From the director of Girls Gone Wild. She is the wild, wild action. It's Amish Go and Wild. Joshua, you may observe my ankles. Oh, you are crazy, girl. Under my dress, I am wearing leather clothes. Have you gone wild? Well, wild. You can't. You can't. Amish Go and Wild. Check out my rap. You have a beautiful rock. May I touch it? Have you ever seen a nice, spicy rock? Is that girls gone wild over here? 21 past 11 at 5, 60 WQM. We're just smoking along here. Man, it's a great Thursday. Great day for the Irish. I think the afraidies river sees three days. It got such a great day for the Iraqis though. But lately they don't have too many of those great days. Here comes Miguel with his package. Now, if you talk to him by the way speaking of his package about putting together that thing for our, not in depth and in detail. Where you may be getting indeed. But we will. We are. Get in. Be about it. Probing. You know, you're a good buddy. Dave Jeff Heiz neighbor. My best close. He says it's in which I won't waste my time with the rest of. He says I know I promise not to call our facts anymore. Hey, what's stop? He won't stop. Can't stop. One last thing. I met George for the first time a couple of weeks ago. He's a nice guy. That award. Something that most listeners won't know until you meet him. He's just a good guy trying to make a living. What was it that sweet? I didn't know that you wouldn't. Jeff Heiz neighbor. Dave or that tight came out to the parents. Part of his children. He has children. This way is reproducing by the faxes. You wouldn't know it. But a chronic lunatic is he seems to be normal. Yeah, not that we don't know better. And when you made him, did he say hi, a power. Because if that's the case, maybe he lived next to him too long. He did say what's up dog. I think. Okay, how's that doing at pull? Which of these phrases or expressions bugs you the most? Weapons of mass destruction 16. You go girlfriend 12. What's your take? 10. You don't understand? 9. You're going to have six. You know, how come you know it's only got five? That should have a lot more than that, you know? Embedded. Yadiyada. They got five. Closure as enclosure big mouth for. Dude. I'll be honest with you. Was up. Collateral damage that you just got for. Three votes for was up dog. Don't even go there. I got three. And my bed. My bed should be doing better than just three votes. Somebody says my bed. I know I'm talking to a real jackass or real puts or real loser. Yeah, George says it all the time. Why is he pointing at me? Because he said he only says all of these things constantly. My bed. I have heard him say my bed. And of course you only say these things are castically. None of the rest of us do. What does that mean? Like side by each. Well, the point is I say all the stuff sarcastically. You know, you know, my bed. No, you don't. Yeah, that's part of my rep to all. I hear you say that all the time. How can you how you know? I've got to write that last time. Yeah. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T in Verizon. Wireless line. At least we assume it was your bed. Here's a lady in Cooper City. Hello. Hello. Lady in Cooper City is gone. Oh, my God. How do you like that? See, they just won't hang on. Like she's on the line. And I better get with it right away. Well, guess what? I'll get with you when I'm ready. It's a radio show. I'm not on your schedule. Maybe she had something real busy going on. Maybe fat boys knocking her door for lunch. Hi, Sally. Here's a call from homestead. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay. I got two suggestions for you, Paul. Yes, sir. Most definitely. And first time long time. First time long time. That's good to talk show, Lingo. Yeah, I hate that. Sorry. Okay. Thanks. Thank you. See you. I like you most definitely. But first time long time. Right. Right. Talk shows. Yeah. First time long time. First time. Come a long time. Well, I've a list of 75,000 phrases here, and you can just, you know, read your All your friends with these for our people who used to be your friends. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T. By the way, time is going to come back in once he gets that. Hello. I'm drunk. Teased your office. Go ahead and tell us how she liked it. He's going to slap that baby right on her. Hello. I'm screwing when it's. I'm drunk is a scunk. Okay. I'm just a nasty slut. Put not a grotesque act up here. Any. What are you holding your head about, huh? If she wants to go out in public like that representing this radio station, I bet you the people in this building are embarrassed and humiliated for her, huh? Of course, that was even before Monday. We're degraded by the fact that she's in this building. Just take a look at that picture over there, huh? Man. Oh, man. She looks like she would do a goddamn bedpost. She looks like I've never seen anything like that. Just take a look at the look on her post and look at the underage behind her. And they're all given her like, you know, like one of these behind her back. Oh, no, lady from Cooper City is still there. Hello. I didn't hang up. I don't know what happened. Something is probably the Gremlins in our phone again. Sorry. I just wanted to know if you heard the president. Oh, the people of Iraq, but he would let them put in a government of their choosing. Right. And I think he's going to go back and let us put within March. Who's he? Did now you're talking. That's a good idea. And yes, I think that lady was trying to think of Darren Dolphins who played first day. Right. So I didn't know if you ever figured that out. Yeah, we got that. But, of course, he was only here for about a half an hour and then he, uh, he quit. Wow, but he wasn't good looking guy. He sure was. And so is his wife and until she ditched his ass. All right. Thanks. Bye. Bye. What was her name again? Tracy what? Who? Darren Dolphins wife. They play boy or whatever. Whatever she was. She was a hooters girl. Tracy. Amber Lynn. Oh. Well, that was close. At something. Lorentta Lynn. You think there were sisters Amber Lynn Lorentta Lynn? I'll go check. 27 past 11 at five, 60 WQM. Tracy, uh, Lord. What about her? I'll tell you, speaking of Jeff Cohen and hot bades. George will tell you the story about what happened between him and Jeff five. I wasn't here that day. Right. In fact, that was on vacation that week when you can't bring in Jeff Cohen. When George was abusing the program or using this program, try to get laid. That's what that show was about all that week was you and Jeff Cohen trying to get laid. That's off. Make no mistake about it. Who's that? Who is that? That just knew a squeeze. It's a friend. Yeah. He said she squeezed it. Anyway, can I get back to the pizza loss? But is disgusting. People are going to get the wrong idea. The right idea about you. Hey, let's not go say needs your help. Okay. He needs you going in and eat a lot of food and pay for it. He's got a feed to guide the murmur family all summer long. All summer, all fall. They moved across the street just for only one reason in that new $2 million house of this. So they can get free meals at the pizza loss. When you be embarrassed to go buy a $2.5 million house and then go suck it around for free meals. If I was a murmur? No. Fasma, good. It's great. Hello. I'm Oude. And I'm Kusey. And we are the brothers who say. And we are in say. I'm doing it today. I'm doing it very good. I'm doing it very good today. I'm not feeling so good now. What's the matter? Look at Roger. What's Roger? Roger the cameraman. What's the cameraman doing here? Look where he's standing. Why are you standing there, Roger? He's standing on the right side. We told you don't stand on the right side. We got to double change. What do we do now? We got to put him on the list. Put him on the list. Don't you want to give him chemical bath? No, we give him the chemical bath last time. Ripper forms the legs. How's he going to hold the camera? Try to bite a car. Ripper forms the skin on the back. Okay, but that's down. Very good. How are you feeling? I'm feeling so good. I am jacked up. We are the brothers who say. And we are. It's saying. How do you feel? I feel so good. I got you feel better. I feel so much better. I don't feel so good. What happened? Look at Cindy. Oh Cindy. The producer. Cindy. What are you doing? Cindy's wearing a red dress again. Cindy. What do we say about the red dress? I'm wearing a red dress. No, I'm wearing a red dress. What are we doing now? We got to put her on the list. Okay. What do you want to do? Do you want to do a drag-to-wagon over? No, I did that last Wednesday. Well, you did a wagon over her last Wednesday. Yes. Do you want to drop her off or something? Hmm. The palace? What a palace got blown up. Oh. Yeah, we can bliver. Hey, what happens? I thought we just made, made, made. That's so lame. No, but you know what? The old standby is sometimes it works. All right. Put it on the list. Cindy, two o'clock. We are the brothers who sing. And we are the same. I feel good. I'm drawn happy. Wait, wait, wait. But not happy. You're not feeling good. I'm not happy. I saw your mood change. Right in front of me. Yeah, it took a turn for the worst. What happened all of a sudden? Willy. Willy. You're looking, Willy. Willy, what are you doing? He's wearing those gap cargo pants. Well, you're wearing the gap cargo pants. Willy, which are the one I'd like to gap cargo pants. It's so bad. He didn't make them look fat. Don't they look up in the makeshaw? You're stupid. You can't put it off. Willy, we told you a hundred times. What do you want to do? Put them on the list. Put them on the list. What do you want to do? I'm getting tired of telling them no more cargo pants. So I think we got to get rid of them. I think we got to take the legs off. The legs that way. You can't wear cargo pants. We are the brothers who sing. And we are the same. Twenty seven till noon at five, sixty. You're doubting everybody. You know, so we bond the crap out of those palaces again. We're his sons hang out. And they keep doing that every day. And he said, well, he just bond those palaces again. Yeah. What was that? He's getting ready. Look at the charts. Watch this toward move here. That's going outbound inbound. He's smoking with the village. We're literally whizzing over our head. He's going to get a good target. This is unbelievable. This is Bob Arnath who's embedded with the first Marine Expeditionary Force. I'm going to get behind this anthrac here. tremendous battle going over here. The main bridge up here. What word did he say? Anthrac. I would've sworn he said that. I would've sworn he said that. See, see what they've reduced this to a video game. There's no question about it. This isn't a real war. There's no real blood. People aren't really getting killed on any side. It's a video game. It's a made for TV movie. With these embedded assholes. Here's one that's got a bunch of Julio expert in Ostala Wago. No. Koma Staa. No. No. What is that all about? I poppy. That's what they're saying in Turkey. I poppy's. That's why we wanted to give him the 16 billion. Let's see. Some other phrases. Ola. No. Peace out. Peace out. Yeah. I hear it. Peace out. Okay. Peace. P-E-A-C-E. I hope that's how we're spawning it. Peace out. Every morning, mowers, this is peace out. Does he really? Mm-hmm. Be out. Huh? Be out. Let's rule. Oh, let's rule. That's one. Yeah. Let's rule. Thank you. Let's rule. Let's go. Kicks. What's that? Why is that? I don't know. It's not going to get it. Now we got that. Like the Budweiser commercials. Hey, did you break the news, dear? You better you don't understand. Listen more carefully. Okay. That's right. I'll keep it real. Oh, yeah. That's another one. Really? Bugs me. Oh, yeah. I just heard say that. Keep it real. Oh, speaking of keeping it real. I got in the elevator yesterday after my usual one o'clock. I'm unpleasant encounter with Miss Carlos out there with a freaky one. Put our reception desk with poodle. And I got an elevator any young man who works in a computer thing, not ours, but QAM. The website. He's in charge of the website. You know who that is? Is it named Josh, I believe? Oh, we have a Josh. Go ahead. Very friendly young man. What what are you not in your head? He's a good guy. He's a good guy. I just want to say that. I never met him before. He's a very good guy. He looks a little too normal to be working here. When you say, he's a normal. He likes to show. I guess he's very pleased to meet me. He ran off the elevator. Well, he's very happy. He knows. Yeah. I looked at him and I said, well. Anyway, I just thought I mentioned as as name Josh. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Go Josh. Oh, isn't horny. Oh, isn't horny. Is nothing wrong with the whole. We like whole. Don't we? Don't ho. Don't ho. Screw in. Word up. Word up. Didn't we put that on there? I mean, we put word. We put word. We put word. Word up. Oh, stop it. We're a huge audience. No. Nobody in this audience, nobody in this audience is word up. Okay. I mean, course, hopefully nobody in this audience says, any of these things do they? No, sure. I hope not. Oh, slamming. Chillin. Chillin. Yeah. Chillin. Some people have chillin. Several chillin. Some of them want. Crib. We got that. How's the crib? Fat. Ph.A.T. How do you say fat? Any a spell or the pH? Is that like saying fish food? We spawned with a pH. Tudat. Tudat? Okay. We record the shows on Tudat. Every day. No, it is ain't Tudat, I like hell. Like rig. Tudat. Carlos is okay, so Tudat. Okay, thanks, Carlos. And you already got to know Mickey Mouse, but just relax with Mickey, okay? What kind of a place to think this is? I'm kind of a Mickey Mouse outfit. We're got over here at QAM. Oh, I sure. Yeah, that's it. Here's what it says. I don't know if this qualifies for the pull by. I think this one just doesn't make sense. I was not the time to panic. And they ask, when is the appropriate time to panic? We're not putting that on there, but that's a good question. Yeah, now is not the time to panic. Well, let's, you know. We get to read alert. We'll be alert. The purple alert. The purple alert. I think maybe that's why I should start taking a lot of aspirin with my plan. Give my skin all purple again. So in case we have another purple alert, I can go out from the building and start screaming. The real deal. Huh? That's a stupid expression. Yeah. They like to use that in sports too, though. The real deal. Oh, yeah. He's the real deal. Yeah. Oh, you know, another one in sports. And we hear it on a station a lot. The complete package. The whole body's package. Is it holder complete? Complete. The complete package. Oh, brother. Another one of these stupid, stupid, idiot. Experts the nerd phrases. He's the complete package. He can run. He can hit. He can sneeze. He can fart. God. The complete package and the real deal. Oh, fat. Look out. It's the fat. Dying. 560, 050, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 80 and 10 and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's Weston. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you doing? Oh, kisser. Welcome back. Thank you. Hey, what's up? I'm home. I think the one that Bush is going to kick you is going to be a number four is ill-dure. Just put that on the list. Evil-dure, yeah. Or maybe blow up job. Yeah. And off of, hey, what was the one we hit? All those pines there fits from. Where do we get them? Yeah. Or maybe I get them or download them or something? Are we going to put some of those on the website? Well, what are you looking at? We can put them on there. My, sir. Yeah, we'll put them on. In fact, you know, that's a good idea. We'll put the Mickey Mouse bits on the website. Have you all put them on there? Okay, thanks. Thanks, honey. Carlos and the YouTube, Mr. Hot Shots, and he can't do it by himself. Well, he's trying. We got it. Although, is a sound for it done that spiffy new computer? Is one? Neal spiffy new computer. Well, that's right. You know something I'm glad you mentioned that. You're going to get me some for this. I could have put the CBC on the ear here. We're getting some real news. It's supposed to just prop again in these puff pieces. And Bob Arnold being chased by a lot of, uh, ferned away. One fire. But I don't think we have any audio coming out of this thing, do we? We do? Okay. We ought to... Here we go. Now, what could I try out that would tell me if we have audio? How about that video we got on there? I tried that didn't work yesterday. Have you done something since yesterday? That's going to make that work for it. I'm telling you right now it's not going to work. Pictures of the winner. No, that's not it. I don't want to see the Lifestyle's contest again. Okay, great. And I see you guys again. No, that's not what I want. You know, we got so much stuff on his website. My God. It's a busy place. And we got all the great cartoons on there. But it doesn't go to our website. It's some kind of a smuck or they don't have a computer. Go steal one. Under the cartoons should be the thing, right? Factoids. There's no one supposed to go. Altowids. Factoids. Altowids. Okay, there we is. Watch the video now in real time. Right? Okay. I'm clicking it on here. Open it up. Okay. Windows has the following information about this file type. This page will help you find software needed to go open your file. Cancel that. Point orders over here. You can't cancel it. There's no place to cancel it. You idiot. Play a needle on noise from Neil's noises. Okay, home page. Here we go. Sorry for the interruption folks. We're just trying to see if the car was really didn't get this thing straight now which I doubt. I don't think we got any audio. You actually listened audio from this thing. For crap. Lies man. He just lied. Okay, what are we going to play? To play MP3 files install one of the following players. Oh my god. Wave, wave files. Wave, wave files. Oh. Wave, wave file. Why? Instead of MP3's play, wave file. What are you talking about? I know idea what you're looking at. So I'm just looking at Neil's noises and it's got the best of Neil. We've got sounds. Yaddi, Yaddi, Yaddi. Type in a year and then press search. What you gave me something. With a show only goes to what a clock God. Damn, what is wrong with you? Jesus Christ in Joseph and Mary and Abraham in Sal and Michael Moore. I'm waiting over here. Do you want to wave him? Oh, what is he doing, Alec? He knows what he's doing. He knows what he's doing and so do I screw it around. Nothing. If it's this easy to hear a sound, here we go. What that was me. Literally. There you go. Play him backpipes. Okay, here we go. Click it. Yes. It's coming. Any second. You hear it? Kill that damn Ravi Shankar stuff. Here we go. You hear it? I did. Hey. You can have a very cut. Oh, what? It left us a pow-white open. That's always that pot. The computer, the audio coming from the computer has always been going. That's not true. I don't you remember all the stuff I played from, uh, you sound like a mutant now. I wanted to let it. Well, that's because the pot and my my my my my my kid shut off. I didn't do this. That is strange. That's me. That's me. Bag boy. It's not good. Not good. Don't you remember I played all the radio station stuff. It's how did great. All the old, uh, jingles and the old radio stuff. Let's blame Carlos. God, all like I said, our website needs a lot of work. What's up? What is it? It's a setting on the computer or something. I'm sure. So glad I wasted all that time. Sorry, folks. Apologize. It's a little beaner boy. He's done a lot of stress. Too many arguments with Eric. Jan and Joan and Missy, who the hell is Joan and Missy? Say that we're amazing about 10 million times a show. What what show is that? It's a show. I obviously don't watch. I need to do you. Joan and Missy. How about, oh, Joan rivers and her, uh, you Melissa Melissa. Yeah. Amazing. Well, we don't care about that. You're old meat Joan. Let's see a rapper's favorite term repeated over and over again. You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? It can be heard on the Ricky Lake or Jade Jenny Joan show. You don't say? Oh, you're the guy that I know you don't say? That's a rapper's favorite term. Okay. I, I guess. I don't know. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Well, how's it going so far? What's in these phrases or expressions? Bugs you the most. How is it going? Weapons of mass destruction 28. You go girlfriend, 26. The anxious opuses that all the time. She's the one I think going to edit that that crazy bitch that no talent Oprah. You know what I'm saying, 16. What's your take? 15 should be doing better than that. You know? Yeah, whatever. What's your take? Don't even go there. 12. My bad. And my nigga each have 11. Embedded. Yadiyada, each have nine. You know? You know, it's only got eight. Closer six. Was up dog five. Clateral damage five. Keep in mind by the way, that these are phrases that annoy all of us. So stop saying them. You know? Now what dog? Now see what did he do here? Eric, what did you do? Dog four was up four. Word four. I'll be honest with you four. Dude four in the rest of our small potatoes. That's how it's starting out with a couple hundred votes. Just getting going. Got it? I piece out. Oh, I got a really good. I just snort a little bit. A little bit. Anna Quinlan from a newsweek this week, not so safe back home. I'm a actually read this, you know? How terrible that women who face sexual assault as the price of war, too often expect to face it from their compatriots in peacetime. She says when the news broke that the rape of female cadets had become nearly as commonplace at the Air Force Academy as midterms or maneuvers, it came as a shock to most Americans accustomed to thinking of the service colleges as bastions of the very best. As for those who made you with sexual assault in the military and the role of women in the armed forces, the horrifying stories had an inevitable change of the same old, same old. And the administration reaction of distress and the determination to make things right had the set of both hyperbally and hypocrisy. These are there are surely soldiers who think that this moment would soldiers in the Iraqi desert and an internationally unpopular war being waged by the US may not be the best time to talk about the institutionalized prejudice in the nation's fighting forces, but it is exactly the right times as Anna. In times of peace the powers that be may conveniently forget how many women there are now on the battlefield, how hard they work and how well they perform, like Jessica. Right? Military leaders may forget that if the number of women willing to win list drops significantly, the ability women to defend itself will drop significantly too. And they may forget how terrible it is that women who must face sexual assault from the enemy as the price of war to often expect a face it from their compatriots in peacetime. As a Colonel in the Air Force whose daughter says she was attacked by a fellow cadet told in New York Times, she knew she could have been captured by an enemy, raped and pillaged in war, she did not expect to be raped and pillaged at the US Air Force Academy. In fact no soldiers that expect to be assaulted by another without significant consequences yet that's what's happened. Those who've always been hostile to female soldiers say that this is inevitable given the atmosphere of a spree with which women interfere given about that muchismo that's essential for train fighting forces. This is insulting to male soldiers. The suggestion is that there always one beer away from a sexual assault no more able to control their violent impulses than an attack dog. The truth is quite different. Sexual trauma has reached epidemic proportions for women in the military with numbers twice as high as in the civilian population according to a Department of Defense study because it can. The offense is not adequately investigated or punished and the authorities send down the word by the response in their non-response sit down and shut up. This is not only morally wrong, it'll inevitably weaken the country's fighting forces. If the word is out that is one young woman is suggested and institution like the academies of place where being sexually assaulted is taken for granted, women of intelligence and ambition will look elsewhere. The Pentagon is announced that the top officials of the Air Force Academy will be replaced and never to change the school's culture, but it's the broader military culture that needs to change where women are concerned. They know that there's already a khaki ceiling. The latter to the top jobs has to include combat positions. Women are still formally prohibited for most combat units. This although the lines between the plurments are so thin as to be super-amined permeable. What do I say? semi-permeable. Got it? Shoshana Johnson, now a prisoner of war, was sent to Iraq as a cook. That was the black co-young lead that we saw with the other prisoners. The group that lobbied for a change in the combat band made a fence advisory committee on women on the services has been weakened by the Bush administration, swayed by conservative critics who hallowed about its feminist agenda. Among the new female voices in the Pentagon is one former master sergeant who opposes women in combat because women enjoy being protected by men. She says that the skills needed for fighting artists survive to escape any veid, and clearly women don't have those as a rule. Actually, it sounds as if those are exactly the skills women have had to acquire defend off sexual abuse and harassment by their colleagues. Many of them have listened with bitterness when the president announced him to start of this war. Promise the Iraqi people they would be free from rape rooms. Given the fact that for some of them the rape rooms have been back in their own barracks. As their sisters did in deserts store many will return to the Middle East, having served in combat despite the band with an official wink and a nod. Maybe it's the same wink and a nod you get after you've been pinned down and penetrated by a fellow cadet. The one that says you have to go along to get along. If this is a nation that uses female soldiers to defend us, there's unwilling to defend them in turn, the numbers of ambitious women in the service made dwindle. That'll satisfy those who hanker for old traditional sex rules. It'll also mean a fighting force that has lost its very best prospects. Who could blame them? Sacrificing your life for your country is one thing, sacrificing your body for a bureaucratic convenience and anti-deluvian attitudes is something else. Anti-deluvian? To the one of those great words. Right. I was doing so well till we got to that. When you get to picture Anna Quinlan this week's newsweek. Pretty ugly picture. 560, 50560, pound-560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Here's my mebeech hello. Hey, how are you now? Hey, sir. I have you on for you. It's not really overused yet, but it's going to be. A norm burgous for losers. I've been your pardon? A norm burgous. You have an idea. You're talking about some smuck. We have no idea who he's talking about or what. He's doing a show for you. Somebody was back there for his boyfriend. I think he said norm burgous. Nuremberg is for losers. What does that mean? I don't know. That's kind of similar. What does that supposed to mean, sir? You understand the Gestapo keeps track of everywhere. Here's my emmy, hello. Yes, sir. I got news for you. See for the deas is getting out of prison. Who? You remember see for the deas? See for the deas? See for the deas? See for the deas? See for the deas? See for the deas? See for the deas? Am I supposed to be happy about that? Well, that's your brother. That's your brother. That's your brother. That's my buddy, Seesle's your dog. That's my dog. Yeah, he's my dog. Okay. I put the adrapes up over the windows. Okay. That's your home. Okay. Homeau. That's your homeau. I didn't even know he was in the Who's got. Did you? Cecil? You did? I forgot about him. Small potatoes. We'll play Seesle's little metin' honor with that momentarily. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and the Verizon Wireless Line. The weapons of match destruction has got 32 and you go girlfriend 31. And they're way ahead of the pack. What's your take is only got 17? So let me ask you. What's your take on that Marlon game you have to nut this afternoon? Mine's with all those clowns that call a tank in the destroy his show and turn it into a gambling show. Hank, what's your take on that dolphin the Patriots game this weekend? What do you think? I think I can cover the spray. I do think, you know, I'm in cut the crap. I've been telling Hank for years. You ought to put out a, you know, on a newsletter. And charge for it. You could do it right on the website. Hank's picks. Everybody else does it. Instead of letting those jackasses, those greedy selfish idiotic morons who bet on sports. Instead letting them just destroy his program for their own fun and hopefully profit, even though they probably lose their ass. See, that's one thing about people who are compulsive gambers. Almost all of them lose their ass, but they're always in denial. Always in denial. Ben used his hostages. I mean, these poor people who had gone through these days of terror, only be pulled back. What's most interesting, John, is that it's like moved out here along the road that I get what it changed. All the way along, just miles and miles and miles and miles of people happy. Roll out of my head. Come on, way, way, way, here they go, go, you, I say. Yeah, they're no more reeds or soldiers making them do this. There's no one driving amongst the streets. There's a real feeling here that they've gotten rid of the bad guys that is put Marines have gone into town. They've taken out the bad, the party members and that counts people have helped them. They said there's the bad party. He's a bad guy. They've taken them out. One by one arrested that made the person to support, and it is really like for what I'm saying to the court. Let's keep going. Let's bring them to the court. We're all in the court. We're all in the court. You're from what I'm saying. A true liberation movement. Liberation by elimination. It's an amazing moment. You're gonna say, you wanna say, come on, let's hear us. Now we're talking, Bob Arnand, un MSNBC says, says they love us now they bring us flowers they must like those cluster bombs huh maybe they'd like to pick can clusters better I do like those here's Miami hello hello yes sir hey you'll first of all like these uh congratulations I think you're one of the very few voices of descent that we've been having around yes sir and uh you've been doing tremendous job just a hand one one phrase that uh it seems observed to me it's operation you rake freedom yeah I'm not just that's awful that's just like plain uh like almost worth of a pinocchio I would say I mean how come we never cared about whether these people were free or not before how come we never cared when he was poisoning the curds with a gas we never cared about it then how come we never cared about the uh the uh Taliban until all of a sudden 9-11 we didn't care about what they did to the women or the men or anybody else and now it's operation Iraqi freedom you have to be a more on to believe that the purpose of this is to free the Iraqi people from oppression absolutely have to be an imbesulably ban especially when you know we put to them saying they're we right the weapons that's right I you know what it's the fact is you know you have the song a shame to be an American yes the fact is that we should have been ashamed of being American a long time ago for Vietnam for Panama for her native for a bunch of other places where we went and for the middle east right we deposed we deposed the Maccardi from the elected leaders we dictatorship that tortured people don't forget about chili while you're at it oh my goodness Argentina I want about a concept of support of design is Israel that too you know they they ran through over kids the other day I saw a video on TV some some children were demonstrating about for peace yeah but you gotta understand that Ariel Sharon and the people around this president are all cut out of the same cloth you can't get in there they're in bed together they're embedded together you know it's it's it's it's pretty sad that you know it's in this day and age it seems like we getting worse and then let's know forget about what's going on in this country you know like the black you say you know propaganda works extremely well because a lot of people are just like you know they they wake the flag in front of them well how about what you just heard from Bob Arneth there I mean you talk about propaganda that wasn't news reporting that was just a pepperally he just had on the round around the TV absolutely you know it's probably on that specially if you read a look at it it's all made by this made phrase like support our troops what they have that's the part of the mean you know I support our troops I want them back by a midnight I want everyone them back by our lives they sound a lot of them with their lives but I don't know that that's that's pretty realistic and I think you know we have a history you're going around and trying to squish people who cannot fight back and you know then we supposed to be accepted as liberators and people are actually surprised that someone is fighting for their country back down in it's not you remember the liberation of Poland and liberation of Czechoslovakia liberation of Austria same liberation of France you know we have to be extremely careful they try and absolutely they try to pass this picture act number two here and I think you know we're getting closer and closer to those kind of regimes and people just can't seem to understand it all we say well you can't have nothing to hide you shouldn't worry about it but I think it's very very clear to me that the bill of rights has been trashed and our constitution has been trashed just you know so that they can have their cake needed to it's really not clear I don't really think that we've been in a great danger of a terrorist attack I think I think that the government has an interest those caring people so that they can carry on with their agenda absolutely the plan of conquering the other agenda which was written by the was actually put in writing long before there was ever any nine eleven absolutely yeah oh come on the plan of Afghanistan was already in place way before night eleven yeah this war was way in place way before them I mean you know there is a counts of of the way they let this thing happen you know most I'd had informed you know the CIA and the president that this would have happened they just delivered it that happened they needed in excuse let's face it you know we got in the excuse are you gonna tell your people we're gonna go bomb the rest of the world okay got around right thank you close your we've already got closure on it but here's another one late breaking news how much as breaking news huh sure what I agree every time you turn on or the any break in news and then they got some crap on there for like five hours before fifty times by the way Jessica's okay they saved her is that breaking news Mike ox long hates butter being but a boom which you can we can thank you in your soprano show from bringing that back and Donnie Brasco which you still haven't seen oh you know something Donnie Brasco I'm trying to think that I see that DVD in my DVDs DVD so I see Johnny Depp and his DVDs I would like to but anyway I think I sure that I'm gonna pick it up when I go back to Toronto in about five minutes about a boom but I mean everybody's at SARS-3 up yet like I said in about five weeks when I go back don't you think we have a right to know where those SARS cases in Florida are wouldn't be of interest or the public you want information free to mark information you might mention my name the rice master Gary I'm proud you know Russian laden and I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soapnade from jewels and listening to the new okay I'm gonna use the hour oh I don't know what it is about on their wine little voices or their big nose is those goofy hats tiny little meckles I don't know they just rub me the wrong way and I shun the tissue lips and every speech I love regains it's in the nose Hillary hates jewels spewing hatred through the house busting deep holes months of all since in the news Hillary hates you got you must have a wonderful aura once he speaks I want a cry she could use a good rap by it's in the news Hillary hates you come on good five sixty wc I'm happy you have Thursday to hear for the poll it says yo yo yo let's rape mo ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha that will be part of the uh... modern lexicon very soon or two thing it's probably under eyes in it i haven't played that thing in so god damn long you know you should support it your own station well i don't want to say well hold it hold it what is one thing i don't understand well one thing has to do with another one you know you're here with a crap you're a big shot that's that you should have a way if the game you'll pay a little all you hear is another one man you're gonna love this one awards come out of my mouth okay w w j d what would j's this do yeah put down a whole thing what would j's do oh my god whoo what is that bug the crap out of me time and focuses f j's ha ha ha ha ha ha ha i don't think you do that time on the first date shan and hollywood says i think you enjoyed this good one by the guy who gives suggestions and i have a ten hour after you have two suggestions from not just phrases you said oh yeah there's another good one you're right i'll hang up and listen oh oh oh oh oh yeah there we go another one of those great talk show ones all hang up and listen maybe that's what he was suggesting i don't know just like how the sport holds and what a squeeze of our listening to last six and half seconds of themselves talking sports on a radio right tron it says it nauseates me more than the dolphins have to step up or take the game to the next level oh take it to the next level there's so many of these you know we can make this about a 400 part that we won't though anyone on a why too much work yeah like your friend there leavey friends it always it too much work is it uh is he lazy is it too much work yeah i'm lazy okay bitch that's why i get up at 5 30 tomorrow so i can come in and talk to the networks like that bitch miserable nasty mean hateful sounds like her yes but Randy Rose doesn't have a yeah and Randy Rose you can put her audience into a phone booth okay you know what i'm saying god at this moment in time how about this moment in time loo and freeport of a homie's hey loo and freeport of a homie's how you do on my friend loo and freeport how come this thing won't work for me you think there's any special reason playboys party jokes okay that's good no jokes please all Saudi Arabia well i don't believe any of the news that comes from there anyway but it's a good point to show you the kind of stuff that they're writing about us our good friends the Saudis their first English language daily the Arab news why didn't you hear this exclusive western journalists beaten and starred by americans this isn't a Saudi daily news two western journalists have arrived safely back in koi city after being arrested beaten up and defraved a food water in Iraq by members of the US army's military police Arab news has learned that looese Castro and victor silva both report is working for our team our tp portuguese television were helpful for days and there are equipment vehicle and video tapes confiscated and were then escorted out of Iraq by the hundred first Arab war division despite uh... uh... possessing the proper unilateral journalist accreditation issued by the coalition forces central command both journalists were detained there were deal at the hands of the americans is in stark contrast that we see by news they journalist and bagged at we yesterday in Jordan described as humane the treatment fans of the Iraqi interrogators despite suffering various indignities i've covered ten more than the past six years in angola Afghanistan's i-earnese team or i've been arrested three times in africa but never been subjected to such treatment or been physically beaten before castred and an exclusive interview with Arab news the americans call themselves liberators and freedom fighters but look what they've done to us yet according to him there he accredited i'd be with check that were given a clear to proceed suddenly for no reason situation change who ordered down on the ground by the soldiers they stepped on our hands and backs in handcuffed us we were put in our own car the soldiers used our satellite phones to call their families at home i've been to allow me to use my own phone to call my family but they refused when i protested they pushed me to the ground to kick me in the rips and legs after being held for four days there were transferred to the hundred and first airborne of it to be escorted out of Iraq castred told Arab news a lieutenant and charge of the military police told me my men are like dogs they're trained only to attack so please try to understand so there you go that's what they're reporting anyway with the believe it not in the Saudi Arabian Arab news do you believe it those are our allies right they wouldn't just closer our good close personal smart head friends they wouldn't put a bunch of propaganda in there five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a eighteen t and horizon wireless line here's a lady in Miami hello hello yes ma'am hi how are you good i have one step or a phrase that i hate to be honest with you i think we got that yeah oh you got it yes we do and what about friendly fire got it oh sorry i got the program late kind of late to no problem thanks do you okay i should read them again okay a lot of people tuned in late a lot of people were busy to run the things like a watching bob aren't it breathlessly given that blow by blow about how the i love us to bring us flowers and candy thing you know we're toilet paper it's where you live and where you sleep and just pick up guys are they love us now i thought they just hated us the other day and now they love us because we're liberating them i see which of these phrases of expressions bugs you the most that's our pull question ninety around you's dot com if you must be beginning of the show in the very beginning we asked about the uh one's day new to one hour the comedy vids are and there was a nippantuck who is very tight and then the uh people liked it pulled away right about thirty or forty votes at the end about thirty yeah i i wasn't like by a hundred votes it was about thirty man but it was enough to uh declare that will continue doing it as long as the audience likes it or as long as we feel like doing it which is probably more likely right is long as it kills a bit of i mean how come we're not entitled we're entitled an hour just to relax and enjoy and have a few yucks especially now with all this depressing stuff going on in the world what's wrong with having a few yucks that today don't even go there i'm sorry reading the list which of these phrase or expressions bugs you the most don't even go there small ball it must have been thinking about Greg and guilty goes yard when somebody hits a home run Sammy goes yard oh oh oh the pain you know where that came from yes p.n. those assholes on the s.p.n. and especially the braves on the s.p.n. the cop with some stupid asshole cliche right away every bra who wants to be one of the guys you know really much oh our real sports sniffer oh yes Sammy goes yard very goes yard you have time used to go in the yard sometimes in the house he has issues was up you go girlfriend embedded heads up weapons advanced destruction makes me want to sing that song talk to the hand the flayed hand my guideam must have popped mott mott mott mott mott mott mott mott mott mott mott mott mott mott mott mott song see can't say the french words anymore used to be able to but i have a french a frog girl block now frog block by the way the blogs are doing a good job the blogs like ryeed see he didn't know what blogs are what's a blog but none of your business Carlos knows code word the whole nine yards you know that gay bans are what's you know any ads gay bans are my ass see my ass you guys gay bans what's your take ask uh what's his name parents he'll tell you if it's gay bans it's funny how the beast turned him around so fast you know it right up against the wall what's your take 24 seven rolls closure close your all close your yapp close your fly not for nothing my bad what does that mean anyway what not for nothing i mean you hear people say that right i oh yeah all in a little bit ass also say nothing not free would you do it with square not for nothing would you go back there and take a sniff not for nothing my bad oh yeah how is the crib keep it on the down low you know what i'm saying hey bro i'll be honest with you dude not dog yadiyadiyadiyadiyadiy and whatnot awesome what's up dog friendly fire my naga collateral damage peace out if you got all these you follow in now to see who's not a nice peace out let's roll keep it real word up to that two that two that wasn't the the prime minister of Canada once upon a time here earlier two that real deal complete package breaking news what would Jesus do oh my god oh that just drives that whole group of people or the god squad man the Jesus Christers what would Jesus Christ do and i'll hang up and listen what an impressive list of fiax may huh that's pretty good 560 560 pound 560 so MSNBC is reporting they love us everything's coming up roses everything's great that's what five aren't it's and he would never lie to us would he? yes okay let's get a lot of calls in this last arc as we got that big marlin game and up the game coming one o'clock to preget what i'm what is that what kind of expression is that he rolled his eyes little beaner boy when i said the marlin games coming up just because you've got no free tickets to it just goes to Miguel Beach at to it marlins in a philly's in one thirty five from the state he might have to street their pp park if you're bored he got nothing to go to the ball game okay they're desperate to get some asses in the seats go over ball game i'm gonna really support them this you just because mow has been ragging on the ownership so bad you know i mean like with when we're in high ping only as sports teams i ragged on him but i didn't say oh whatever you do don't go to the games i did that one time for a panther game because uh it was a Brian Murray thing they were screwing the franchise up and everybody showed up so whatever i say do the opposite anyway so like i said don't throw to the marlin game and then we'll get like thirty thousand people it's on packs net by the way you know who else likes packs net Jesus Christ 567560 pound five sixty and that's because buddy but is a man of god who married an extriper here is bokeh hello bokeh yes sir how you doing you killed me earlier when you said the embedded assholes uh i was drinking coffee and I'm talking to all of my computers i'm fat you went and doubt you splurited it right out just like when mow drops his bag thank god you're on the radio man are you doing you doing yeah no seriously who are you doing Mickey Mouse five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 and that wasn't even the same guy was it now it was a different guy i'm been in a guy called nanya nanya business let's see John your Hollywood says oh yeah here's another good one it's the bomb oh yeah it's the bomb they're gonna rack these days it's the bomb i don't think he died now where to hell is my list it's the bomb what were those other two that we were asking about by the being no no take it to the next level anybody who says that yeah really you need to want to know serious just gone on your website to vote till Eric to change his spelling of eventem to that's a joke see venom is spelled with a tea because of this idiot i get it should i have to play that thing yeah oh it's on the voicemails right yeah female it's the pissed off fired up here it is here you go fabulous in wc and for five to six years and i've watched the morning show we've all been everything and um i have a problem i'm taking my kids to school and the thinking commercial for uh for the guy that curses nasty nasty things and there's no warning it just blurt out you know f*** you and and you can hear the bleep you can hear the f*** you know and you can hear the ventamin is voicing you know i don't have a chance to turn off my radio now i heard it you know i had a problem again the other day i can't explain that stuff to my kids oh yeah maybe you can explain the ventem okay where the wicked serpent five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty years when it says breaking news we got it we're happy okay what about about about a being about a boom but i don't okay okay let's see it's the bomb did we put that on there yes we did i think we're up to date poor we got about forty five thousand of these damn things in the meantime and s and bc says the war's going great they love us they never ever encountered such wonderful people because this is the liberation by elimination and speaking of elimination i bet you're in the desert there's a lot of that going on too don't you think we could at least have missed a ripple over there here's west palm beach hello yes sir oh you know what i turned i tuned in later this lady say they're one about uh to be honest with you yeah but you know what they're all thinking about instead of hanging up i was thinking you know the big oil uh one of the sports holes i don't like his show i really don't but i can't stand it about every minute or half minute it says well be honest with you well be honest with you well you know what that means i mean she's a liar it means uh anybody can't share say anybody is says to be honest with you that means they got a guilty complex and they lie a lot honest i agree with you the honest with you great says i love you just gonna say one thing i actually uh the the term i use is i like to sit back to somebody who can say that they're saying you mean up till now i'll tell you that i'm seeing your power crap right but the big guy the big girl i'm a sports show uh he's using it awful yeah he's awful good guy though he's a good guy that'll make you happy no he's a good guy's terrible straight now that's straight what up well yeah it's on the stop okay stop stop he's not he just stopped yeah yeah and then and then you know yesterday you were talking about to be honest with you telling me well no i know you were talking about hanging up on people and you're not a bad guy and people afraid to call because radio show yeah yeah i could you hang up but uh there's no five say well he wanted me to hang up on him i guess i guess he was trying to make a point i just want to keep him in line okay hung right up on his ass i'm not interested in this good guy stuff okay it's a radio show if i was a good guy in a radio then that would have like a point too no nobody wants to be a good guy in a radio it likes me to be a good guy off the air which i am i'm a wonderful guy just ask me to be honest with you yeah let's see here's what it says i have three that really bugged a crap on him he let's do lunch oh i hate that yeah let's do the people really still say that i think they uh oh what kind of asshole let's do lunch i thought that went out with nickers let's do lunch i'll tell you another one that nobody will agree with me on but it bugs me because there are people who say it like like hello like over at like a cool everything is cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool Jesus Christ i'm sure you have a kind of big thing in my Christ here we were they say it oh cool cool remember what you said it oh by it's gonna be at 85 today oh cool cool you dog just have a good dog cool phone tag oh yeah that's another good one and touch base huh i'm gonna want to touch base with you oh oh yeah but i like phone tag is better and i'm telling another one i'll tell you a speaking of phone tag i got a great one for you snail mail mmm mmm seriously oh i know that is one of the most stupid in other words if you don't email somebody you put like a letter in a box and you mail it like through the postal service now that snail mail oh god i wish i tell you that earlier in the show i'd have voted 100 times for that i hate that i hate it snail mail anyone know why because it's stupid it's not just annoying but it's it's downright stupid in fact if mocha be here today how much he degree with me it's stupid yeah see after we bonded the other day he and our getting pretty tight into smell it oh man he's fast as it is the single most overused and misused expression on the sport hole radio nationwide is the bottom line is you're free i don't know about the sports places but you hear it everywhere and the bottom line is bottom line okay the bottom line is got it you're right in the town be in a boy okay i just want to make sure because he you know he's sitting in there reading the funny papers and those dirty magazine you got invariably followed by some point which is neither fundamental nor are usually even relevant post and colors are equally guilty using expression fifty times an hour yeah rustic chronic and cocosis that okay i've heard mad dog use it about thirty man times in one hour what the bottom line oh he doesn't know what i'm just picking on him because he didn't hear today knew how about anything that comes out of dick by talismar baby oh he oh now i'm getting I'm starting to get upset that i started this you know water complete package of a moron love you Sergio yeah dick by tal dickie v he just makes me want to get and and you know something he's part of the whole six sport the how could anybody want to hear him unless there are sports and there unless there an idiot have you ever heard him i mean with the bits that we have making fun of him that's all yeah baby yeah baby it's round ball baby it's small ball so they also we're talking about they're right nobody like dickie v there ain't anybody in the face of the earth is annoying when i'm watching that it's the ball on tv one man is an you're yelling words about it's dickie v and when someone goes this line he starts screaming things on as a league screeching like a bad chief dickie v dickie v dickie v dickie v dickie v yeah dickie v dickie v dickie v dickie v yeah dickie v oh dickie v yeah dickie v yeah dickie v yeah dickie v yeah dickie v yeah dickie v yeah dickie v yeah dickie v yeah dickie v yeah dickie v yeah dickie v yeah dickie v yeah dickie v yeah dickie v yeah dickie v yeah dickie v yeah dickie v yeah dickie v yeah dickie v yeah dickie v yeah dickie v yeah dickie v yeah dickie v yeah dickie v yeah dickie v yeah dickie v yeah dickie v yeah dickie v yeah dickie v yeah dickie v yeah dickie v yeah dickie v yeah dickie v yeah dickie v yeah dickie v yeah dickie v yeah dickie v yeah dickie v yeah dickie v yeah dickie v yeah dickie v yeah dickie v yeah dickie v yeah dickie v yeah dickie v yeah dickie v yeah dickie v yeah dickie v yeah dickie v yeah dickie v yeah dickie v yeah yeah he's annoying all right not only is he annoying he's an asshole yeah you can say that too dickie v yeah baby and he never shuts up he just is it's the dickie v show is not a basketball game it's the dickie v show whoever's doing a playout play with him is incidental don't even really need to be there just to get a paycheck pay power a few people pay power a few coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story we take a good hard stiff look into start up he poured his heart out in song telling a woman that he didn't miss her even though he really did unfortunately the woman just didn't get it he was John wait looking back I guess I should have just told her the truth but I'm a songwriter damn it I had drawn to irony John wait was trying to make a statement by telling his then wife that he wasn't missing her hoping she would pick up on the ironic subtext sorry but I'm a face value kind of out John wait's long last love Judy zero irony what was a spouse to think I told him to go fucking self how could she miss it was so damn obvious I miss you said you been gone away I mean it's right there it's really saying I miss you by saying that I don't miss you I mean you get it right yes yes Mr. White I get it hold still now it's time for your shot it's poetry I was just a person like true feelings against the denial of those feelings as I see this will make it all better Mr. White John wait lives a quiet life in a private facility the location of which we are not at liberty to divulge however we can say that when in London make sure to visit lovely to a father's square oh yes that's not I feel better now can I go back to the bright blue room now John wait he ain't doing that at all get it that needs he really is doing that it's a big juicy something with look at show business tonight on inside the behind from 26 at five sixty come we got a big big Marla game Marla's in the fillets is they try to salvage one game of this embarrassing series after getting involved eight five and eight two and a first two games the staff known pre game at one game time one thirty five what else is on today clearance and the beast five to seven I know overlooked that sorry guys all clearance and the beast together you know this I have you noticed that wow first they were in a hallway together up against the wall now they're doing it together in the show too hurt when hotline at seven the big oh any the clock and I'll be honest with you uh... any k attend from uh... g a j on j mark overnight he I keep saying that he's a good guy and he sucks on here the big uh... awful and when he starts laughing at that spenglish baby talking as if i've been a board as at all the time to can help we mean by that can't be hoped how we're right how is it you can speak perfectly for like uh... fifty five minutes and then all of a sudden i don't know where you're left and that might be the baby talk it's like the year to she just can't be helped like the year to sh yeah it just it just busts out right cossill voice and speaker that here's a great fact is hemorrhage are embedded and you are and you are to your more young punks in this fact say that's fat and straight that's fat and straight okay i'll take the work for it well he's a country houses upon he certainly more in era he hangs out at the church people there's no more you you don't understand i mean be chained old people anymore or he lives is a high i know if he's in a condo on a beach and he's about the wire basket on wheels to go shopping do you steal it course also there's a pines pig dugmas road and peporka pines boulevard fat slob shooting radar thank you very much guys a pig before therefore pines dugmas road and peporka pines boulevard always are pigs in a their man shoot the radar or the disgrace who we got a war going on we got porka's right in traffic tickets which in these phrases or expressions bugs you the most we asked on the arogies dot come they were got a plethora really good stuff on your now including those great cartoons the more cartoon it is one of the all time best fox news in her although a match made in purgatory anyway weapons a match destruction that forty six people said that you go girl friend thirty seven don't even go there is tied with you know what i'm saying and with the what's your take twenty three what's your take do you remember that how well on that run on that was on a station everybody that call including on the show they start to uh let me what's your take on his war what's your take on the election what's your take on uh more hours wigg uh my nigger nineteen my bad eighteen George can't help him so his bad yati adi adi eleven was up dog ten you know ten and embedded ten everybody single digits i would have thought you know it would have a lot more folks than that by now at least about thirty man twelve thirty man at five sixty q i well it was it just happened to be just lucky not lucky the roger's the half hour away from that big marlin game any interest you could just get where the get what the program I might just go out to that ballgame this afternoon you know what are you laughing about we love the marlins they really low come on let's run with a marlin's okay you let's give my chance why you say that it's right up the road I of course I love my ticket to let me say you think I pay to go see a morning you think I go pay to go see a panter again I don't even go for free most of the time why bother yeah but you're wrong the uh work the youngsters in the organization uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh even guilty admitted in the hall to me this morning that uh ain't going to be better note next year or should have said that he wants juggs uh like I said guilty says Stanley cup for the panters next year some kind of cup i'm missing about ray wittney in the threesest last night for Columbus i'm mentioned that i's gone ray razor here's poppin oh hello yeah sir uh how are you uh how are you great i got i got a couple for you i don't care about whatever whatever whatever whatever yeah that's doing one of really kind of vice-mans and shocking law i think we got that don't we really we don't know if it's just one of the reasons nobody says it's the same with whatever somebody suggested that we didn't put it oh okay thanks uh you said whatever no but to be honest with you five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty eight hour landow alzagiri stop saying that big uh not but don't be saying to be honest with it because i think she were liar he knows here's Miami hello oh can't believe i've done that well i'm you got this i my bad five six seven oh five sixty here's Miami hello and they're not there anyway got to cut them off probably i cut them off too bad whatever here's west in hello hey you how are you doing okay sir good how about at the end of the day oh yeah yeah somebody mentioned that at the end of the day yeah it's a bill tenorism will put that on there for old abilly all right thanks thank you at the end of the day yeah i hate that expression that that's in the at the end of the day you don't want to use that expression like when uh back any early days when we first started working here and they were trying to dick me around my talent checks and they want to pay me and they were you know and tanner was well you know at the end of the day you'll get your money another is when they're good and ready you know how the beesleys are i find it most interesting and i'm using by the way that now normal can't find they got paid by this cheap ass off it and Greg Reed will eyes a lot i find it most amusing that now now they need that interesting that's interesting and fascinating is what i think i think it is most appropriate it is appropriate there you go Greg okay if i've told you once i've told you i've told you i've told you i've told you i've told you i've told you i've told you i've told you times don't be screwing people with their money okay pay the bills pay hello you look at this log today oh yeah holy cows this is like going out of business sale uh that'll take a full conversation this whole station like my lits April you know maybe this is the April Fool log this week that could be it all right or maybe there's still time to scrape her ass up off the chair owner 27 till 1 at 5 60 by the way our sales manager was drugs Monday night the tomorrow and game in our skybox she was drunk the whole town so talk of the town screw in joining us now in the line from spring train with Howard David Steve Goldie goes to him Tim Sputty Barker to monitor him he's talking about women what congratulations get alive and our time for language lesson of the day repeat after me uncalyosopredosis in biagra to the via to meet up comon political fail which means even if i OG dan biagra you'd still be a heinous bloke think about keep on i IP Oh, girl, my feet are hurting my head. That's enough, everyone. He's dead. Bad news. Kiss you, Mr. Biggie of the show. He was 61. That of a heart attack. Edwin Star. But why don't you play a war? Well, we did play a little Latin. Then they'll assume we're doing like an anti-war message, which we would be. And we did. Here's some. Pushing the envelope. That doesn't bother me. Does that bother you? Don't hear that much. And any more. Like an old NASA. How they hangin? Whatever. Oh, sorry. Oh, sorry. To be honest with you. Girlfriend. I thought we had a bit called How They Hangin. What does that call that? How's the jingin, maybe? How's it hangin? I don't know. No. I thought for sure we had what's had all in Johnville. I was just looking for it. How the hell are you? Oh, man. How could you? How was your hair like you? What is your hair like you? What is your hair like you? How's it hanging? How come it's not in here? That ought to be? It's not. I don't see it at all. I'm looking for it. Oh, you're bad. My bad. Let's see. See an end steam music. How would it do with that for it's not a sing? It's just nauseating. That of course Bob Arna. He is just so well organized. But close in. You hear all these stories about that? Yeah, you know something. This is just. Between between Angela Ray on channel four yesterday. And his performance today. I have never in my life heard anything. This is to get the pom-poms out. Let's have a parade. Everything is coming up roses. Let's get Steve Lawrence and Eady Gourmet out to sing it. And what could that be? What's not to like? So you thought World War II was a good war. Where everybody came together. They played by this time. We many of that will demonstrate that damage assessments from close to both. Lots and lots of weapons. After the war they thought they hit. We found that too. That is there. I thought just a little while ago when he first had him out about a half an hour ago. We were listening to the bullets flying over here. And it was like a battle going on. And it tank blew up. Right. I must have. But I guess that was just an isolated incident. Because according to him, you look up the road. There's nobody but a friendly people there with smiles. And they're thumbs up in the peace sign. Or that's right. Don't do the peace sign. Don't do the peace sign. Don't do the peace sign. Hopefully. You're not allowed to do the peace sign. Because that means you're a protester. Comey, think of 60s hippie. See, I think the marlins are going to play a long ball or a small ball today. Goofa. Yeah. Excellent. Marlins are playing goofball today. And we got it here for you. And you're goofball station QAM. Goofa. Speaking of Dave and boring in his bad bad hairpiece. Hey Dave, I never met you but God, you are boring on here. Up up. And the sad part of this, he's got a really good voice. You know, he got an excellent voice. But until he starts talking. Kind of like Moe. Moe's got a great voice too until he starts speaking. And once he starts talking, he's like, Enough to drive him nuts. The most overused expression last two years, imported from the English at the end of the day. Well, we just wrote that down. Thank you. It must be psychic or the other way around. Thank you. Facts is just pouring in here. Is the Bush administration using terrorism fears to shield government and business from public view, official secrets from other Jones. Well, I'll save that. You might actually put on the website tomorrow. How about excuse me, says Lenny, please say a word to two about the second page. Second page National March stopped the Warn Iraq's around the White House. Saturday April 12th. That's a week from the Saturday. Twelve noon in Washington, D.C. from across the US, bring the troops home now to which we say, Iraq. Yes. A and S. W. E. Are answer act now to stop the war and end racism. And it's a New York organization and they got a New York and Washington number. But you can check it out on the web. International answer.org. International answered.org. National March to stop the war week from Saturday April 12th. Okay, I stick that over there. We'll mention it again. Of course, the way it's looking now quite above our notes going to be all done by then. Right. We can bring everybody back. Safe and sound. Hopefully, sounder than Pro Jessica went like to broken legs of road. I'm at 30 holes in her. Gonna bring it back, please. Okay. Here's one. Go on argue with you by your opinion on this war. Good. Cause I'm not. I'm not interested in arguing with anybody. I'm here giving my opinion and I, you're not going to change my mind. I'd have a better chance of getting on a posing point of view expressed on a Riley's Spinson. But what the hell? You're showing the bottom firm balance exchange with the folks. It's about humor and political saturday. So why this fast? Good question from dear field Beach. It's about humor and political saturday and at this level. No one on radio does it better than you. Well, Lou, you are absolutely correct. Or there's not Lou, just his love. That's a Lou. This morning, George made another of his mindless comments and occurred events. Now while I've ordered him when you're not on the ear, it's next to impossible to do so when you're on the ear. Please understand. I'm not trying to criticize your show. I see. I understand that George is the price. I must pay if I'm going to be entertained by you. Here's a guy that likes you and dear field. It's a price well worth paying. I agree because the price is right. But the George is here and out. It's still cost you. Oh, nothing. Not a way if you entertain me even for me about current events in a way that nobody in local media can. Even prove my health. Thanks to you at a discovered balance for life in the last 47 pounds so far. Excellent. So what's not to like? What's the mindless comments since I get to it? Well, you were last see. He likes me. And right away, you're taking that out on this list. Who's on name by the way, but lost 47 pounds. So it want to be inaccurate. So when George expresses sympathy for the people of Iraq as you did this morning, I must remember that the gang we flex our experiences and normal response and sign of my good health. You may feel the people of Iraq are better off under the rules. I'm there in this fight to be free. I'm going to say that. Wait a minute. I'm not going to read the rest of it because when he says in this fight to be free, that's the end of my reading because it is not a fight for them to be free. It has nothing to do with them being free. That's not what this is all about. This is a guy that's been watching too much of this thing on here, which it says right now in front of me, the Iraqi freedom, you know, Operation Iraqi freedom. So I want to say about it. If you want to believe that, good luck to you. I hope you keep losing the weight. We love you. But you're naive. That's all. When did we ever say that? And like I've been saying, what do you said it's our cast of me, but what I've been saying, Eliminate liberation by elimination is correct. There are hundreds and hundreds of innocent people, including little children who've died. There are thousands who've been named across the country already in two weeks. Thousands who've been named and mutilated. This is not the way you go about liberating people. Oh, come on. Oh, I'm sorry. I should just shut up though. And then that's the reason Tony Blair, all of a sudden, got allowed mouth yesterday and said, no, it's not the US or the British that ought to be in their taken over. It better be the Iraqi people themselves. And in the meantime, we've been reading in these articles and putting on our website every day about how they already have their ducks in a row. They've already got their right wing general to take things over and run the country while they get their agenda going over there. Well, he's just going to supervise. I mean, how could anybody really believe that all of a sudden out of nowhere see they kept changing it? First it was about weapons advanced destruction. We couldn't find it. Okay. Now it's about regime change. Well, you can't just go over another country and change the leader. I'll just, so now it's about Operation Iraqi Freedom. We're going to liberate those poor oppressed Iraqi people. Well, if we're going to liberate all the poor oppressed people all over the world, we're going to be pretty goddamn busy. You weren't going to have two nickels to rub together anymore. Like I said, it's like the little old lady crossing the street and being dragged across the street by the boy scout doing his good deed for the day. And she says, damn it. Leave me alone. He says, how come I'm doing my good deed? And she says, I don't want to cross the street asshole. They didn't ask us to come there. They don't trust us. And spite of whatever Bob Arnett is saying this crappy peddle and they with his pom-pom. He must be on jungle juice. He must be, I've never heard anything like that. And when you combine that with the the Ra Ra rooting thing we had from my envy or whatever an image. What's your name? I forgot. Gates. And I know what that channel for who is the silly one. What I forgot our name. Angela Ray, sorry. I'll decide on that. My bad. I'll never watch their news again. If I want to watch a parade, I'll watch the Macy's parade. If I want to watch the cheerleading thing, I'll turn on the on the cable. I'll find cheerleading contest. From what I watched the news, I want to see a performance like that pitch put on their yesterday. And their whole five o'clock newscast was like that. There's a difference between news reporting and cheerleading. And sure we all want the US to win whatever there is to win. So we can get it over with fast and bring our troops home and not butcher up any more people. A lot of us are very suspicious of what this administration has planned for what's going to follow. And you'll notice the Brits also are Jack Strawberry quick to say yesterday. Guess what? We're not participating in Syria or Iran. Count us out. We don't think the US is either. But just in case they are, we don't think so. No way. Enough is enough. How about pardon our dust? That's a good expression. In fact, stores that are like, you know, that's a good intention. Or the airport, you always see that. Especially here airports always in the state of flux. Excuse me? Flockhole. And similar to the flux radio theater. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T of a rise in wireless line on a wild Thursday man. Feel like I had a wild hair up my back dough yesterday for some reason. I don't know what it is. 49 votes for weapons of mass destruction is the expression that bugs you the most. You go girlfriend 43. Uh, don't even go there 25. What's your take 25? You know what I'm saying? 24. My nigga 21. My bad 18. Embedded 13. I'll be honest with you 13. You know 12. Yadiyada 11. Was up dog 10. And closure 10. We need closure on this. Do we need closure on the warrior? Oh, air v. I mean, it's not as big now as it was for a while there. But for a couple of years, like everybody in the brother, oh, well, maybe this will help us get closure, you know? Now that we found Sean Rose body in 18 million pieces, you know, the family can get some closure. Yeah. And Gary condoms career can have some closure. How's Gary condo what doing by the way? What's the end of more? 13 to one at 560 WQAM. And now, now I found Sean Rose. What's all happened to be his cousin? Say he's a so-called. Hello, hello America. Like don't cry for me because I'm like hot and all. You'd think like a sloth and lace stinky dick. Tater like fatty would have a wife with like a pooch and like facial hair. But I'm like a total babe. Like when I graduated from like San Bernardino Votech, I was voted most likely to. And I did. Like even though I had to tell fatty, I was like a virgin. I'm like no strength to the back seat of a beer. Four of the favors, three of the arrows, six centuries, two reagles. And like one park Avenue, thank you very much. That was like my junior year. So like on our wedding night, I had to be all like, I'm nervous. Like are you sure we should? But I'm like a very good actress in all. So he like bought it totally. Whatever. Let me just tell you like our house you know. We have like 40 houses. But like the one without any windows is like so like off the hook. Like if you came here, which like you wouldn't because like no one ever comes here. But like if you did, you'd be like this house is so like off the hook. But like I still can't get Saturdays. Like put away his like velvet Elvis and like the picture of like the dogs playing poker and all. He's like still holding on to his like youth. And he like last week, I had to have like a female procedure. You know like done at like the guy now. And like Saturday was all like don't take your clothes off and whatnot. And I was all like, well how's he supposed to stay there? And he's all like, have you like an X-ray machine? And like that was just like, bring me up. And he's like, I don't care. Like the next thing I know, I hear like Al Jazeera TV. Like my guy know is gone. Oh, I like Bano. Tuttle. Crump if you want. We got that big Marlon game coming up. Everybody in the buildings excited about that. I bet you everybody builds out. Huh? Don't you think? Bills out of what the building? Oh, no forget five to seven. We got clearance in the beast together. I bet you're going to be doing a lot of work together from now on. Don't you think? Clarence in the beast, a match made in heaven. Well, neither one of them could get a girl. Beast has breasts. So maybe they just set one for, you know, whatever's available. Each other. Think outside the box. Yes. I agree that that's annoying, but I don't think it's, you know, I don't hear so much anymore. No. Plus in your case. Outside the box ain't where you want to be. No, it's exactly where I want to be. Pull me on highly as I shock and awe. Yeah. Why we forget about it. Already been there done that. Here's a time. And Hollywood chronic titles. Ripping for Boogna. Boogla's still out of wait. Okay, don't be riffing Boogna about thick and stay healthy. And I got to figure. He does have a figure. I want to figure a bell of a good. Like, do we sound safe? Yeah, he's bell shaped. Also, quite a lot of nails says eat more beagle asses. What kind of Hollywood does that just disgusting? Okay. Dwight Lawdner eats beagle ass. White beagles. What up, dog? Right. Adam says, and by the way, Adam, Kersner, we did not rip you one ear. They even though you wish we did. We said nice things about you. But now we take it all back. What were we talking about? We're talking about the little Brian Andrews, the butterfly. And also, we're flying. We're flying. We're about to end Stuart. What about him? I guess he didn't have a thing for Adam. Yeah, he did. He did. Don't know if you have, well, that's right. He did. He kept going over there for a don't know if you had time to read this on the year. Today, but found this pretty interesting. I've never heard this explanation before. Says Adam. Okay. What do we got? Adam, here's the other thing. When you stop, there are many reasons for your bushes single minded drive toward Baghdad. And other articles I've written for Yellow Times.org. I hinted that not so obvious reason for the driving against the rack is bushes war against Europe. In fact, I've not come to believe that's the primary reason for his Iraq of F-F-F-Afini. Whenever nation decides to go to war, there are plans made for who's going to win, who's going to lose. No one goes to war expecting to lose. But it isn't always the obvious target of the aggression. That's the real thrust behind the war. Sometimes it isn't a case of what you expect to win from a war, but rather a case of what you hope someone else loses. And it doesn't have to be your state of enemy, your hopeful sustained the losses. In this case, Bush's hope for a victim is the European economy. It's robust and likely to become much stronger and easily foreseeable future. Britain's entry in the EU is inevitable. Scandinavia will join sooner rather than later. Already even without those countries, there will be ten new member nations in May 2004, which will struggle GDP on the EU. But I'm going to put this on and on and on and on. I can't do whatever. Huh? I give it a shot. I just came into two ponderous. Forget about it. Well, in addition to which it's just a lot of wild speculation. Same up that crazy about speculation. Opinion is one thing for just speculation. And of course not. Thanks anyway, Adam, but it's just how many pages of this earlier. Jesus Christ, Adam, like I said. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line. Here's a call from Miami, hello. You need to have got one for you. All right. How about fair and balance? No, I liked that. You do. All spout out of here. What is it? I'm surprised it's not a world. It is now. Thank you. Thanks. What's wrong with that? Fair and balance. That's a joke. Especially as fox. Fair and balanced. Got it, Carlos? Get it. And get that sounds on that check. Too late. I'm sure that. I'm sure that. You can me. He ran to the check. 10 seconds after we got it in his damn little grubby hand. It would have been too late. And quit washing your balls in the sink. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's Pompino. Hello. Yeah, Pompino? Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. I've been holding it. I've been shifting it with one hand. Hold it with the other hand. Well, any of her. I got a couple for you. I opened it up with. It was on your last bit. Like. Like anyway. Like well, like, you know, like, you know, like what I'm saying. Yeah. Okay, that bothers me. Anyway, but I got another one. I work in the warehouse in the back. I got some of these hip hop guys that are back here. And I listen to a conversation. And I swear I heard this probably about 30 times. Really? No one will say it. What we got that? Yeah, we did this very big. No one will say it. Oh, my God. That's what I'm talking about 30 times. Okay. Okay. Have a great day. 560. 560 can be a little carried away. Well, sure on time. You know what I'm saying? Sure on time. One week should we get everybody in here. Don't we? In fact, that's talked to everybody just saying, You know, you know, Irish and learn when it used to be on WNWS. I never saw anything like in my life. Doing a talk show for old farts. You know, here's a guy that was like 90 talking to people over 100. And on a weekend, he would have like five calls hanging on with like three minutes to go in a show. And he'd do like a two minute commercial break. Come back in. It's a minute till the end of the show, right? Right. And so when he would do is he put him each on for like five seconds. I'm serious. It was his though because he saw the lights lit up. He felt compelled that he had to put each one on the air. That was light version. Or whose favorite expression was. And by the way, if we don't want to go to China and not right now, okay? And tell all those people in China, We like him a lot, but stay to hell there for a while till things get cooled out. No time for a story.