Her girlfriend, a police, had sexually abused her for nine years beginning when she was six. According to a police report, the girl said, Edwan Jean Jean. Abused her hundreds of times, sometimes had his office before an actor's school. He abused her in the office. The abuse had it in 2001 after the girl's mother confronted him. Jean Jean, G-E-A-N-J, 40-8-R-Zon Saturday as pastor of a manual literature was arrested the next day. He was being held on jail on 50 counts of capital sexual battery, 50 counts of sexual battery, and 100 counts of performing a loot act on a child under 16. Police said their investigation began for a church official called the state abuse outline. Lutheran church officials have been investigating allegations about Jean, on and off for months of the Reverend Gerard C. Michael Jr. President of the Florida Georgeett District of the Lutheran Church Missouri Sinod. And it goes on and on the usual crap, you know, there's an awful lot of this crap going on man. An awful lot of this crap going on and we had about a month or two of her belly whipped up about the travel listing priest. And now we move on to something else. Let's move on to Sammy Sousin, his cork bat, what do you say? Come on, let's do the whole show on that. Nobody cares. Which of these do you care about most were ask in the audience? We got 199 votes. In fact, I'll reach for about a bit to one more. We get 200, what do you think? Got it. You think one more, we get 200? I just refreshed it. Let's see if we got 200 yet. Probably not with my luck. I'll take it one thing. We're getting a lot of action on this website. Tell me a little bit, sorry. I want to see that picture. Two hundred and two votes, like I told you, George. Where are those muffins of mass destruction? God damn it, we want to know. You find them yet? No. Okay, keep looking. 94. When is Mo getting canned? 50. A lot of people are very concerned about that, including him. I'm sure. His George G. 20 will be telling you between one and two this afternoon. Will there really be Middle East peace 18? Is that for Real's Real Voice 10? I heard that one guy, the punk called him this morning. Do you hear that? Yeah, I did. He's get a little bit impatient with those stupid ass crime. It's always my voice, and I'm sick of answering that question. It just gets so gay after a while for Christ's sake. Exactly. Anyway, about 10 people are concerned, is that really his voice. Martha Stewart gets undied at eight people care most about that, and so far we still have one who cares most about Sammy's social uses of court bat, and it's on a front page of the Frick and news paper. It's on all of God damn news catches. If you go and put two slices of bread in your pop-up toaster, when they pop up one of them, I have a picture of Sammy with a bat on it. You think so? I know so. Here indeed. I'm Tonya. If you open a bottle of wine when a court comes out, that's probably part of the court that wasn't Sammy's bat. As the media once again tries to force feed the public, this is what you should be concerned about. As the American media once again, although I did see it, and you even had a little piece there from CNN this morning. Yeah, on the CBS, even the news last night, they're finally under enormous pressure. Start asking some of these very same questions. Like, Pat, you can't know what's asking them that article. I just read only moments ago. Where is it? Where is the beef, man? Where is the beef? Where is the meat? And meanwhile, here's Wolfowitz running around, same just right on the open. Well, last week he's talking about, well, you know, we just came up with this, it was politically convenient at the time to use that excuse to go in there. Weapon the mass destruction. And now he's saying, oh, it was all about oil. North Korea don't have anywhere. That's why we're not in there. But it's, it's, what was the expression he used? It's a sea of oil. Iraq swims on a sea of oil. Swimming on a sea of oil. Why, sure, I kept that story. Oh, I did. Well, it's on the site. Forget about this site. I'm never going to get on that website. You're all busy looking for a mole. It can't get on here. Oh, I do like this horse meat found in Salami in London. You see that? Uh huh. Well, there are a bunch of animals anyway. Let them eat their horse, note to self. Yeah. Watch out what you put in your mouth. I can't find it. I can't find that damn story. And I know I saved it because I wanted to read it again. The Wolfowitz story. I got all this stuff here about frogs. It's raining frogs. It's raining men. And I can't find a goddamn poll. Wolfowitz thing. I'll find it. Maybe I threw it in the Schmidt camp with some of that Todd Redkamp. That was good yesterday. I like that. Well, I threw it. I threw away. Maybe if I took a purple pill right now, it could help, right? I can't hurt. Well, not can't hurt. I think I just met Candidate. So I'll have to during the break. I'll have to. Oh, here it is. I knew it. I saw a gaslight. Don't sell it. Then we'll be talking in please. Wolfowitz Iraq wars about oil. I'm going to read it again a couple minutes. Also speaking in Hillary, which I just played that bit. The publisher of Hillary Clinton's memoir wanted people guessing about a revelations before publication, but those plans were spoiled yesterday. Some of the books most colorful details were splashed around the US media. How do you like that? Simon and Schuster paid $8 million. Freak and dollars for Clinton's inside. Look at eight tumultuous White House years. And planned the media blitz next money for its release. But that sounds good for lunch today. You know, blitzes? Hmm, with blueberry. Aha. And that's how good it does. It's better than bacon. Bacon's getting on me. I like bacon, but it's getting ponderous. You know, like those movie show at F and Ponderous. Anyway, it's as it gave no advance media copy salmon and Schuster because they wanted to like, you know, hold the thing back. But late Tuesday, those plans went awry. Where's that Don Ory who used to play for the Bruins? I think he plus spelled it the same way. Every Don Ory? No. Good looking guy. Uh, Tuesday, those plans went awry when the AP ran a story that quoted living history extensively, winning play across the country. All across the country. memories. Agony, she reveals bills be trialed in your post front page ready yesterday. Referred to the former president's affair with intern Monica Lewinsky. The AP story quotes Hillary is saying in the book that the former president lied to her about his affair for months. Find me admitting his dallyance days before was to testify before a grand jury. And after his nose grew next to three inches long. And it goes down about how wanted to ring his neck and yadiana. And where's the where's the beef in a story, huh? Where they're going to get ready to sue. They're getting ready to sue. Here we go. The leak of the book is sparked a potential legal battle sources posted these situations that salmon and Schuster by the way, the one thing in that movie. I mean, you know, the game show host. He was a character that you, you felt bad for him because he was dying. Right. Obviously, but I'm for far too many years like Bob Barker. But ladies and germs. Yeah. Like the little kids said. That's not even funny. Anyway, sources close to the situation said salmon and Schuster was seeking damages from the Associated Press and that time, which brought magazine excerpts rights may pull out of its deal. AP spokesman Jeff Sto said the agency hadn't broken the law to obtain the book through good old fashioned reporting. A source of time magazine said we're still examining our options. In other words, time may back up because now there's no revelations anywhere. There's no big smoking thing. See, salmon and Schuster declined common and he potential loss of when I confirm contents of the story. The book will be published on Monday and there are no copies be made available before then spokeswoman Victoria Myers said. Maybe this is all more part of a publicity thing. You know, because when they pay me $1 billion for it, you know, damn well. They got a cell as Indian copies. And they will. They will. I'll buy it. Beter boys going to go on by one on credit. Here's my any, hello. Neil, yes sir. You know, that guardian article with the swimming on the sea of oil. I have a right here. Yes. They took it down off their website. Why is that? Because, you know, they, they're subject to lawsuit over England. They don't have like a first amendment for the time. I know that right. Yeah. And so they took that down. They were a little bit worried that whether the source of that quote was 100% correct. So I bookmarked that so I could print that and send that to you. And I clicked on my bookmark this morning and it says that they removed the page. Well, it's very fortuitous. It must have been my second powers against very lucky that I kept it because I haven't my hand right now in a story too. Well, for the people who are looking for the original, there's a website called the information clearinghouse.org. And they've got an archive version of it. That's a great website, Neil, for these web. Don't we have that on our website from yesterday, Beter boy? Yeah, but we don't repeat the whole story. I'll find the link on there, but if the page down, I'll find it in information clearinghouse and I'll re-link it. Yeah, I see what you're saying is where we only have a link to the Egaardian stuff. So if they took it down, it won't be there, you're right. Well, just so you might want to keep this website in mind. Information clearinghouse archives a lot of these articles from CNN that get redacted and removed. Right. Go back to look for them. Like the CNN transcripts of Hans Blix and Albert is testimony had some 850 words. Exercise out of them. You didn't know that, don't you? You were reading some of those stories about how CNN edited their transcripts. Right. In some of those stories about how CNN edited their transcripts. I checked that often. Yeah, okay. Well, I just wanted to let you know that. Okay, thanks a lot. Pretty well. Thank you. And good news. See, I still haven't here. I got my copy. This may be worth something somebody you think so. No, I got him going to frame it. What are you laughing about? Oh, is my mic on? I have no doubts. I have no doubts if the story is true. And of course, the right one is right. You want to believe that because, well, no, he's been shooting off his mother last couple of weeks. Now, very, very, very easily. The neocons become very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very much. No, they stole the election and brought daylight and brought daylight right there in front of your post. We want in. Let us in. You know that whole routine. Oh, and speaking of that, I never got to a yesterday and it was on a website. And I know this one is still on her because it was on the Sunset on their two stupid changing it on their website. To slow and to stupid about the 2004 elections. Remember that story? Board of Boy? Huh? Yeah. About the respecting problems. There is something problems. What a surprise. What a novelty. Here it is. Election supervisors want to vote problems in 2004. Sarah Soda, Florida's election supervisors are warning that next year's elections could be played with problems just like in 2000 and last year. If they're forced into a tight schedule with new touchscreen voting machines. Wow. Holding elections in September October November is much more difficult with touchscreen voting machines than with a punch cards that were used before. Sarah Soda County supervisor, elections Kathy Detsid, this week is the supervisors given for their summer conference. Dentset or employees would have to program 1500 touchscreen machines individually for each election and will lead more time to produce absentee ballots. These same tasks will be even more difficult in the state's largest counties. They're going to be a great day and. Holding three elections, the primary, the primary run off in the general election in such a tight timeframe lead to another election fiasco said, Eon Sancho, the Lee Amcounties election supervisor in his front is by close associated Pancho Gonzalez. What was the Cisco kid? What was his sidekick? Pancho? I guess. Come on. Pancho Pansa. It was. It was Eon Sancho. The supervisors said they hope state legislators will consider the issue in two weeks when they hold a special session to deal with medical malpractice insurance rates. The house and Senate couldn't agree on election changes during the regular session. And it goes on and on. This was in the Sun Sentinel yesterday as a matter of fact, and it's a very disturbing depressing and very, uh, expected way to do it. We're supposed to be in five six months. You A.M. Bakal. Neil Rogers is right. The Cubs start. I said it wanted to be having something. Don't want to be left with nothing. I said it wanted to be having something. Don't want to be left with nothing. It's hard to get over. Okay. Sit on to another. Yeah. It's not being the deal. Yeah. I'm a lawyer. Oh, yeah. I'm spending days and we'll go on. Find out everything that I've found. I'm a lawyer. I'm a lawyer. I'm a lawyer. I'm a lawyer. I'm a lawyer. I'm a lawyer. I'm a lawyer. I'm a lawyer. I'm a lawyer. I'm a lawyer. I'm a lawyer. I'm a lawyer. I'm a lawyer. I'm a lawyer. I'm a lawyer. I'm a lawyer. I'm a lawyer. I'm a lawyer. I'm a lawyer. I'm a lawyer. I'm a lawyer. I'm a lawyer. I'm a lawyer. I'm a lawyer. I'm a lawyer. I'm a lawyer. I'm a lawyer. I'm a lawyer. I'm a lawyer. I'm a lawyer. Frédiford is here, but the indifference isn't over. I think now the dean is president.至 think he's 음악 or he's not yar to stand. In fact, you saw y sab. been on as stress deixarn by May would. By me? Blanche? Before they go? I read that out again. Rewards? before they go,ança? The majority. Breast? Perke? Mekail? 449? Clearing the house. Where? Why? That is momentous speaking of that. Yes, you're a new and improved email I just set you something. Okay. Well, let me see if it's gonna work in our final statement. Huh big test. Okay I just clicked it This is did you Yahoo All right I like that the book end we could reverse that and put down the other guy Haha Oh We got the same body and the same lamb shape and now it's got my push. Oh Instead of mows it's kind of like interchangeable. They could have at least give you different panties We could have a whole line up of these and they're in fact That's the slimest my pupa because looked in long time as a matter of fact. Yeah. I'm saving that I'm not the deletent that baby 567.0560 pound five 60 on the AT and see we ought to stick that on there too Okay, then mobile. Yeah, you're picking on me. See, I'm laughing at it because I think it's a stare Good now he might be he might have all the way down to you know He's still a hard ass at least they looked as teeth in Now well, we can do something on echo by me. I Can gum with best of 27 27 votes on a pool which of these do care about most? Where are the weapons of mass destruction? 135 when is Mo getting can 64 is George G 30 Well there really be Middle East peace 27 is that for Real-Voice 13 Martha Stewart gets in died at 10 and Sammy So she uses a cork bat is making some real progress only six only six those those out there really ever crap about that So I would only the medium must be losing at least a little bit into what's at least over this audience because I've tried to teach him voice Way back starting with Elion That the media will just bomb barred you with a bunch of crap just like these Stacy and Scott Peterson crap or Lacy whatever hell or name or Stacy Lacy that was double worshipers, you know You're right That's when I thought all the time in fact that movie your ravenous or whatever that what's the name of that movie ravenous yeah, right like I said gribbinous That's what that's all about it's a bunch of savage cannibal they need a chicken on top of the door He did it yet how much you have he had a whole bunch of cash in a passport and died right here But he was just going off her little little side grid on his way to my just like OJ who had us Has Gordon 10 grand in cash in the Ford Bronco, but he didn't do it. Oh, Jay. You doing OJ? Uh-huh. It was a chlorinated pool that made his hair so blonde. Is that what I want? Yeah, the 20 set. Uh-huh Thomas Here's a call from Pembroke Park hello. Hey Mr. Rogers are you today pretty good Mr. Caller how you good good two questions one With all that's not finding these methods of math to draw Struggles everything doesn't it make you think that there may have been more to the September 11 thing that the government knew about Or I'm I'm positive there's more to 911 and we're there like none and we still aren't getting any more information about what it was either You're on this. Yeah, I like to report that they're holding up or or whatever right the 800 page report Yeah, yeah, and on a second note I pass you up a thing about a rocking chair Is that something you're interested in About a rockings here right why do I sound at all no no no. I sent you a A fact or I tax something over to to QAM To who got it relay to you about a rockings here right Saying what I mean between you and George I mean keep me in suspense. What was it about? Well, I I'm the one that made you that chair over that that then oh Oh, well listen have a great day and thanks again for that. That was very nice Why didn't you alert me? I was trying and listen listen you see I don't want to I wasn't such a good mood until that This guy made me a very nice thing now. He's ill and he called me a couple of times They made me a nice thing for my house Very beautifully finished in the whole deal. What would you call it? I look up not a cabinet chest a chest a chest In fact, you can look on at the website you'll be able to see in my big fat chest Not seriously and with it with the open it up from the top and it's got all kinds of stuff inside It's a beautiful thing and I thank him for numerous times and He's called on the year several times increasingly over the years to upper mind me That he's the guy who made that nice thing. You see what I'm saying? It finally reaches the point sir where I really I don't want you to take this to runway But I wish you wouldn't have made me to think in the first place because now Now he wants me to do something else to help him raise to do what they're spending a sponsor him for a seminar that teaches you Okay, but you have a very very profusely I'm very sincere when I said thank you very much I it's a beautiful thing. I got all kinds of crap. I loaded in there. It's great. No, but the answer is still no Why do why do people do that? Why do they do that? I don't know It's just bugs because it puts it puts you in an impossible position Because there's no way in the world. I'm gonna say yes, and if I say no then it makes me have to be hard And I'm I'm I'm appreciative of Bastard, you know like I did a nice thing for me, but that's it See what people say I did something nice for you. I don't want anything to be turned You know, I mean right, but that that's never the case never the case All my while say never, but almost never does anybody do anything nice for me and then somewhere along the line That call in a favor Like in looking to Godfather. Remember the people yeah, all the crap. Oh my favorite is My favorite God boner boy well, I mean nobody's perfect. Okay. He's working with the crappy equipment So again the answer is no why did you just leave me hanging there? That was bad The way he left me hanging there should have seen I was squirming we're looking at each other like we both Me with a guy. I don't want to because he's a nice guy I'll be a guy. Oh, he's a nice guy, but he's put me in a bad position I don't like being that a bad like Moan at picture. They're he's in a bad position both of you. He's in a vulnerable position Reckon exactly I noticed his his is a little higher in the ear than mine 5 6 7 0 5 60 I just you just ruled my day with that guy Yeah, you you could both of you. You can't put him on you killed me with that guy I don't know what you said that if you would have just jumped right in you would have could have said This is the guy that made you that thing and he you know then I would how was I supposed to know what he's talking about our rocking chair And addition what you never sent me that facts because you told me about and I said forget about it never sent me to facts Did you haught about it? I And what did I say no right that's exactly what I said no Here's Hollywood hello Good morning the I you do sure I Just a cooperating from a little bit of surgery here, so it's getting maybe opportunity to Distance with the irrelevant things in life such as work and Consulate right on the important things such as your show right now you're talking now you're getting your priority straightened out Well speaking of priorities. I wanted to also discuss something that I could never discuss anywhere on Your quote unquote sports station except for this location Specifically hockey right by the way, or he was a WREY Yeah, no anyway Wouldn't it be nice in a way to see I and I'm just pulled through this entire Yes, it would especially in life of the fact that the devil's make me sick and my stomach and like I said the other day John mad and number 11 for the devil's right Real pussy who didn't want to come here for the NHL awards in Toronto because he's afraid of SARS Anybody's that much of a pussy don't deserve to win anything He doesn't deserve his he doesn't deserve to have his name on a Stanley cup well I don't feel like to see stumpy Kind of you yeah Comist you really you do understand the least could have had stumpy Thomas back for a song for the third go-round would leave But they now you know why didn't let's bring back Doug Gilmore let him play about five minutes I think just about anybody could have had him this year after the Hawks let him go, but you know I'd like to see him kind of analogous to this year's rate board another words all those years of trying and toiling and Find a lot of difference so because any rate board went to a real contending team to a Specifically for the purpose of winning a Stanley cup which he did with crying out oh as opposed to stumpy Thomas was just trying to catch on somewhere after he was to turn loose And who the hell would have believed other than a capital? I guess that the anti-hemen at a chance to win a Stanley cup so we just out of the blue nice gone stumpy Well all the more reason all the more reason I'd like to see him get it because it was Considered an after thought I'm sure when he was sent to an online as opposed to a contender right? So that would be wonderful I'm squeezing hard for the next tonight. I think what yep me too and I think one of the things that's most satisfying is you mentioned the doubles play that Stomphying style and they're getting it thrown back in their face now right because they were there meeting a team that's equally patient To their own style of place, all right. I'll be keeping my fingers crossed and whatever else it takes Okay, I'm pulling for it. Thank you. I'll be checking in with you from time to time. Okay. Thanks. Take care 142 18 to noon at five 60 year rocking cheers station QAM I'm As rock see is the ball All I'm you got say I'm follow I'm three guys the different one nothing shall be stand of comic a once-in-a-dv You call a cave I am the president of the Honduras Miller Brighton tobacco company serving the universe with thogies and hoochies since 1998 I thought it might be a good time to come on here and let you know some of the do's and thoughts of our company I mean this a guy and a bit pretty much peace for itself. No, you know your favorite rules and regulations apply not a bright side of the business It's a little more sticky man apparently one of our customers had some troubles shooting issues with a purchasing made a few years ago Although the 90 day money back guarantee period and long past We would have worked with him on a trade-in Had he not decided to chop her up? I thought hey, this might be a good time to go over some of the rules of the mail order writing on number one And this had always been an unwritten rule, but obviously now we have to write it down Don't chop a mop man if something goes wrong with your white-fine mail Come get the factory one of our train service technicians will attempt to remedy the problem if we fail to correct the problem You know I eat she screens that you'll not stop and spanish or she's angles your neighbor or each way life's hot pocket We'll take her back man You just basically in handling rule number two Actually there's no other rules man you can pretty much do what you want just each day on the chop in I don't like to get into rules man, but I guess that's how I get into trouble in a first place You know any loser to heckle paper a white-true to mail is kind of a skinny person anyway But love Anthony and Lauren bright into back-al-comedy where our girls are all smoking coming shop But don't shop will change well and rate me. Okay good 747 you keep a crawl around on the floor like that and somebody's gonna get you see if you look at the two pictures the one you got of me there Yeah, and then one with his you'll notice that his tasty complexion matches rest of that body much better than mine Right, they should have blended better. Yeah. Well, we'll work on it anyway We got the correction. Thank you profusely the guy called a three or four calls back about the Guardian and the correction Because here it is. I got it off today's newspaper off their website correction Paul Wolfowitz Report which was posted on our website on June 4 under the heading wolf awards Iraq war was about oil Miss construed remarks made by the West deputy defense secretary Paul Wolfowitz making an appear that he had said that oil was the main reason for going to war in Iraq He did not say that he said the most important difference between North Korea and Iraq is that economically We just had no choice in Iraq that the country swims on a sea of oil The sense was that the West had no economic options by means of which to achieve its objectives Not that the economic value of the world motivated the war to be ported perid only on the website's not been removed Says the Guardian, but he still did say that the most important difference between North Korea and Iraq is that economically We just had no choice in Iraq the country swims in a sea of oil So you can interpret that however you want You know how I interpreted don't you know how I am a heart ass 560 pound 560 on a AT and T in Verizon line the ORAGES dot com where can see that nifty picture of mole waiting for his next attacker Which of these do you care about most we've got a bunch of nifty choices for a 360 votes already Where are the weapons of mass destruction? 166 of you people want to know where the FR they When is Mo getting can eighty two inquiry minds want to know about mole will there really be Middle East peace 39 George G 37 is that for else real voice 16 Martha Stewart gets in died at eleven I guess it was kind of anti climactic we knew it was coming we knew that was coming bitch and Sammy so say uses a cork bat only seven only seven of you really a care most about that heavy heavy duty Kind like a number of people at last night's Marlon's age game out seven All but it was 10,000 a ride Here's Miami online seven hello Yes, sir. It's pretty funny, but it might be sad at the same time You're the puppy cabins of the radio to a lot of people You if you really think about it. Yeah, it's pretty funny because I could see people with the song in their head And listen to you and that's doing those things they're doing you know taking the triple pill Yeah, well listen to I was the most of our corners of poppin lot of pills Yeah, you can get all the chronic things old people are for sure You know the tab in the radio it's great and another thing I wanted that another topic to your pull there Is the piece on top of most had civic cat or another species what is it? Okay, thanks so much. You want another topic to our pull Five six. Have a got a lot of open lines. You're all of a sudden you wanted to win on sure because we don't have a list of movies and movie stuff right or nothing to add to Right, you know, I see in this like this guy He's adding to our pull. We're not taking any more suggestions for today's pull. I think we covered a a fine wide gamut. Can we say that gamut? No damn it Of topics. They're for you to peruse and choose and lose and Maybe like for real Booze a little bit. We'll see one thing. I like about him. He doesn't be a city body He's he's a booze-hound who talks about it on your lot heroin chewing gum And probably a lot of died copter in the show Of course I drink a lot of die copter in the show too. No diet cocus for people in recovery I'm thinking cheese blinces a saffron on don't do it. Why you're too young? It's better neat nice cream. Yeah. Why not gonna tell you what I did yesterday? You get really Oh, you'd be real psychotic Oh, Jesus you'd be foaming at the mouth See, you know what I do This is a bad thing No, no listen to me and I think about it all the time But I never changed my pattern to behavior. I'll think about love the show is over I've eaten virtual another little bacon before the show which is with my blood sugar I just covered but other than that I eat nothing and then I'm thinking about going to lunch In fact right now. It's just coming up on noon and my body is thinking about lunch So I'll go and get lunch and then I'll know wait a lunch. I'll think but you know Maybe instead of going and actually having a meal I'll just get some crap and eat that because even after I have lunch I'm gonna eat crap anyway. See what I'm saying. Yeah, but I go to have lunch anyway Thinking no, well, this will fill me up and then I won't eat crap and I go and I have a nice lunch I'll do an acnes lunch like I did yesterday I said it had some nice soup I had a Canadian cheddar burger with no up the need to bun Did need to fries even my total season salad that bitch But she brought me a whole bunch of fries didn't touch one good and I should have been full. Well, that's a good That's the beginning of the story about 20 minutes later because I have like a routine I go get the newspapers. I get the sun and the star and I like to go with my lunch It's great. I enjoyed life is sweet until after lunch Cuz then I go to my convenience store to you know stock up on my caffeine free diet soda Right and while I'm in there They have that freezer case. You can't get to the soda without walking by the ice cream case You can't get poor in fact there are three ice cream cases and you have to waltz between them I should probably put blinders on right that's what I mean actually and I'm even mentioned yesterday about the briars A score ice cream and the fact that it only comes in half gallons Well, actually it's worse than that because it only comes in two liters, which a leader is a little more than a court Right, so I have so I have a gap Well, we would consider half a gallon a two liter is more than a half a gallon right right? That's all that comes in it doesn't come in pines. It doesn't come in courts like an elephant So I buy it Bryers score ice cream. I can't tell you how good it is and a bad And the bad part of it is is that it's available. I'm sure it nearby you. It's not like that. It's these turtle like I told you It sits around and so what I do is I put it in the microwave For about 58 seconds melt it up nice get my spoon and then of course you start eating around the edges of the container on the inside of the edges Because that's where it melts first when you pop it in microwave. Oh, yeah, I know that Huh same routine. I have to stick it in the microwave to how about the ice cream? Yeah, and that's where the good stuff is around the edges There are only ever on all the outside of your score stuff So I ate and I'm taking it to myself. Well, what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna eat about maybe a third of it And then I'll rush into the kitchen and put it under the hot water and Schmidt can it because what you put water on it? I'm not gonna eat unless you're an idiot. I Little more than a third No, I didn't eat all of it. I could have though. I could have see I'm one of the few I'm talking about for well being honest enough to talk about how he's into booze and pills and crap I'm in the sugar man and I could have eaten a whole two-liter container Not much of as a lot of people who's oh you couldn't nobody could do that surprise watching So I would say that there was that like about a pint and a half before I finally just ran into the kitchen Just because I realized that I was gonna eat the whole thing I mean why you're eating it? It's not like it's not that filling you know There's certain kinds of food like if you have a steak if you go to Ruth Christian you have a big steak A big steak is really filling you know right and you have a bunch of side with it, you know like All the good stuff like the broccoli with cheese Now all that good stuff and you have a bowl of soup before the meal or the fried the barbecue shrimp So you've eaten a big meal when you've eaten like that but ice cream isn't filling You're sitting there just happier than a pig and slap. I'm watching my TV whatever now I'm watching. I'm just a happy camper You're following this. Yeah, it's depressing. Well, I'm just telling you I don't have to tell you What do you mean it's depressing? So the prime trying to make you is why even bother with the lunch? You see what I'm saying? Yeah, just to take a vitamin and a bowl of ice cream Excellent Oh The New New Rogers died a vitamin bill and a bowl of ice cream. Sure at least you're getting all your essential You know vitamins and then it'll open your you know your co-cue tender whatever taken only a man and watch it down with a pint of briars Yeah, a leader two leaders take me to your two leader 1156 at 560 WCM your fat station. I'll see I can gain a few pounds now because we got your ice cream and out so we're still under the the over under We're still a little bit under under the under the fat cap Every radio station now has a fat cap QAM was under verge of being a little bit over Did they measure that in pounds or percentage of body fat both? But now the Josh treatment has been canned. I mean not invited to come back now We got a whole bunch of weight in there that we can stick on under the cap 1156 and find like the like the beast you've seen all the way down to his cap, haven't you? Are you calling him a fat head? Yeah, I'll fat head. He really he should be British the beast He should be a Brit he's one of those ex-wholegan looking guys Hey, by now you've been hearing about lamina's aroussin how lamina would flooring from lamina's aroussin the easy low maintenance Alternative to natural wood flooring lamina's aroussin the best place to find lamina needed wood flooring from Parador pergo Wilson art uniflor and quick step They got all the top names in the universe all installed by pergo and a certified installers Here's another reason why you'd call lamina's aroussin their prices will absolutely floor you right now You can get there some as special for just 1995 bucks That's right just 1995 bucks from the 382 square feet of beautiful lamina wood flooring It is absolutely unbelievable unbelievable and lamina's aroussin match any legitimate written offer to for a free and home As though with no obligation call lamina's aroussin toll free at 1 877 777 3336 What could be easier free carpet disposal free furniture moving a 25 year warranty and years and years of Beautiful easy care lamina wood flooring call lamina's aroussin a toll free one 877 777 3336 Beat that jader me I All right Okay Okay We're not meant to imply I was asking for this in return for the bench. Sign. What? That was Carlos and sensitive prick. I'm not being sensitive. Well, who wrote this? I think he just made the whole thing up. That was probably him doing a voice. I got a great little pull with an show. Remember that guy that you're doing a show with an a show? That's that old fart I love that guy. Oh, he was a panic. Probably dead now. We can only hope. Go you're doing a show with an a show. Yeah, what does that mean? If I cut that guy down a little bit like somebody, I was sticking the top ten reasons why we hate moe. Kind of a David Letterman list. I got to start his wig bites. By trying to get George fired, screw the bees. Try to get Neil canned. Maybe we'll get some other suggestions on there. The top ten reasons why we hate the moe man. The moe man. Bold crap. Who the hell are you? You're stuck anybody's ass wants you. No. That's what moths said. In fact moths said that when he went for that procedure, that you saved him a lot of trouble. That's what he told me this morning. One of the ten times he came in there. Yeah, he said you saved him a lot of aggravation. All the other stuff that usually you have to go through. I don't want to get to graphics right in the middle of lunch. Oh, god. Anyway, don't forget our hot couples contest, which is really creeping and crawling out. All I guess it always has the other two. We did start a little slow right. And then as we get toward the deadline, people get frantic and then they start taking pictures and whipping their clothes off and moving it out. Whatever they're doing. You haven't till Monday, June 16th. To email a picture of yourselves for our hot couples contest. Neil Rogers dot com. And then on Monday to 16th, the pictures will be up on the web. All the pictures we get. We don't pick and choose. All the ones we get for this contest will be up there. And then the listeners will have a week to choose their favorite and vote. And then on Monday, June 23rd, the couple with the most votes wins first prize. And then we got, well, we don't know. We still don't get a word on that from Fat Boy. We, uh, yeah, we're working on it. Oh. Oh, he's working on it. Oh, he's working on it. Home, you know. Yeah, right. Really difficult to call somebody and give some information on the phone. It's amazing how it's, he was able to call Beanerboy in an eruptimumage in time. So the middle of the show. And I think he was still in the hospital when he was doing that. Right. Anyway, first prize. It's your choice. Either a three day two night stay for two with a world of races. Resort and casino in a Bahamas with round trip airfare on Lake Erick. Or you can pick three day two night stay for two at hedonism two or three in Jamaica. All inclusive transfers, food, drink, activities entertainment, but no airfare. So a first prize will be your choice. And second prize will be whichever one you don't take. Third prize at the moment dinner for two at the pizza lock. And looks like there's going to be another prize as well. It should be a real good one. If that boy gets ever off his fat disgusting ass and puts down the goddamn Briar's score ice cream. So that's the hot couple's kind of. Let's give it a what we got so far about three or four. Four five six four five six. Well, we're getting there and said slow. Well, I tell you, I got to look one more time to win. To give me the inspiration to continue these next two hours. What? Just print it out. No, I'm not talking about most picture here. Forget about that. Not in lunchtime. I want to see those pictures of Aaron and Amy again. The winners of our second hot couple's contest. And keep in mind, they're both models, but there's nothing wrong with that. You can be in professional model. Sure. Because the other people say, well, we're up against them. Well, I don't think that. Oh, I know which picture you like. Oh, in fact, you know something. I hadn't noticed that because needless say, I was going to Aaron's pictures. We'll quick. The one, the second picture of Amy. Of course, is a little reminiscent there. The one of Mo. Now, she does look a little bit better than Mo. I will say this little less pasty. But very similar. Better, better do. I'm not going to be able to look at that better again. Better do what. Oh, and now that you've really blown up this one picture of Aaron, he makes Tom Cruise and Magnolia pale into what significance. Respect. He's got one of those gigantic salamis locked in his panel. He's in that one picture where he's got the the flannel shorts on. Who are you kiddin' Aaron? Okay. Well, maybe he's not kiddin'. Well, we'll find out one of these days. Somebody won. 560560 on the AT&T. And of course, there's Biner boy again. Wow, he says. Wow. I wonder which picture she was most impressed by. Here's Weston. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yes. Yes I am. How are you doing? Great. Okay. I want to talk to you about the first of all, I was actually shocked. I turned on the station. You actually got a hockey call. I mean, we're just about to crown a Stanley Cup champion. And you are the hockey authority done here. No one's calling you about hockey. Well, what do you mean by that? Well, nobody calls me about hockey ever anyway, even if the Panthers are playing. So why should that be? There's no interest. Don't you understand? And unlike the other people on the station, who I don't try to push something that nobody cares about. In other words, nobody cares about the Marlins. So I'm not going to say to talk about baseball all day. And the same thing with hockey. There's all there's very little interest in South Florida. I've discovered a hard way over these last 10, 11 years since we had a franchise. Yeah. And you know, the interesting thing about it is, I would say. In addition, in addition, in addition, which this series is so coma-inducing that whatever is there wasn't a first place, you know, to subtract about 80%. But I think even you might admit that the last game, you know, which nothing nothing too great goal we used going in the third period. Now, that's how I kind of go in. Now, not my kind of game. You know, I don't want to let my watch in soccer, scoreless games. I'm not going to do that. Right. I think most people don't want to see a game. They want to see action. They want to see five to four. Right. They want to see a lot of great goals. They want to see them in, you know, if there are a lot of shots in this great goal, 10, 2 in average, right? Right. You're right. Yeah. Like, like, at the first two games in Jersey and a high-med, it's a game shot in each game. Yeah. I mean, they're lucky to be even being this series. Exactly. I mean, but, but. I still say that greasy goal bro, dual-life in there when he lost his stick to sandwich Ozil and try to think that was the turning point. I want to talk to you about saying the so is going to get him the second, but. I mean, if we get as boring as it might be, if we get a seventh game that goes to over time, and it's one one or nothing, nothing. That's pretty exciting. It is. It is. The next goal is going to win the cup. Go ahead. Pretty exciting for red cappin because it's all a lot of it. It's all a few. No, seriously. We have time. We had a seventh game go to over time because the Buffalo. Yeah, Buffalo and Buffalo. The Troy, I think, was game six. That wasn't game seven. Have a lot about what about Buffalo and Dallas and that greasy goal by Brad Hall. I think that was game six. Oh, that was whatever. It's been a long time, but you know, but you're right. You know, so you try to dress it up in the fact of the matter, as you can't, you know, you can't put any lipstick on this pig. It's just, it's gross. It should be because when hockey, I came down here. I really felt people go to the games and really just, but call not just panther fans, but hockey fans. They're not. They're not. They're not. By far, they don't be a sport, but they're not. They don't care. No, they don't. They're not watching the NBA finals with it. You can't compare that to hockey. That is just, it's nothing. It's free ballets about the seven foot tall free slam agenda into the basket. There's no, there's no skill in that. Exactly. Now, sand this ozone. Uh, uh, uh, been following him since the Minnesota series. He is an offensive threat. He got the game winner against Dallas. Yeah. He got, of course, he got the fortune and goal, which, which may go down in the history is the most famous goal. What? He does not even make an effort to get back on defense. They're in the Minnesota series. One game I think they had four breakaways and, uh, like, or, or four, I'll tell you one thing. I'll take him over. Phil, how's the relief. So everywhere, if you leave uniform again. Okay. Tell me of other old stiffer runs. Oh, those, those lunches are pretty good. I mean, he comes in. He doesn't even pretend to give it. And then when he goes back, I mean, you know, No, it's not. It's not his bag, you know, just not his bag. Yeah, not playing defense. Okay. This is not enough, but go to go. Yeah. The other thing just wanted to let you know, uh, I, uh, Georgia probably interested in this, uh, there was a movie called, uh, one. Right. One. What? One, one, one, one, one at the time in America. Right. With Robert De Niro and that was the, uh, acting debut of, uh, Jennifer Connelly. No, okay. Labyrinth. I, always before that. I once you've got teenagers, so I don't know. I've already wasn't once upon a time. Okay. Um, I, well, I love once upon a time in America, but that confusing ending. You know, George Camhalla. Have a great day, pal. I don't know what the dunker. I wasn't confused about that. No, that wasn't that wasn't there were a lot of things left hanging there. Besides the zits that the James Woods was popping all over the place. There were a lot of things left hanging. Like noodles hanging noodle noodles was hanging. He was busy hanging salami. Was that horse salami? Just like Aaron there in those pictures. Looks like he's packing salami. Oh, it's bigger than that London horse made salami story. Now let me forget about that. First, me found in Salami. I'll get to it. And what's this fact? Forget about it. What is this? I talked to you, the guy from Utica. I overnighted your board game. Forget about it. The boss of board games. It sort of a mafia monopoly. You can gamble in Vegas, New Atlantic City. Who's all your money to IRS get whacked? A whole lot of product we're solving around the Forget about it. The thing. We also own the fights. They, the rights to paramount pictures. Mob ties. Thanks Andy. That's the guy from Utica. Utica club. You see. Never been in Utica, had you. That call was right. And we were all wrong. I was wrong. About Jennifer Connelly. She was just a little child in one to paramount America. Told you. Brian Bloom too. What eyes? Why tell you? Brian Bloom had better eyes than Jennifer Connelly. Maybe not better boobs, but. Remember Brian Bloom? Nope. I do 12 13 at 5 60 W. How low can they go? No, not those. Now, what is it now? The financial group does the limbo rock under the lowest refinance rate going. Get those pictures of Aaron and the Amy off it. Or will you please? Sorry. I mean off the website. I'm just trying to like, I'll just put a thing. And what I'll do is I'll pull up the picture of Mo on all four is that'll come me down here. How low can they go? How about 1.95%. That's correct. Now you can refinance your home or buy a new home and get a super low 1.95% financing rate with the National Group. Call 1.809 for Oland and ask them all about their split into two. 1.809 for Oland. If you're even thinking about refinancing or buying real estate, call financial Group at 1.809 for Oland and talk about savings. Check out this. If you have a $100,000 loan, your payments are only a measly $360 a month. If you have a $200,000 loan, your payments are only a measly $736 a month. So call financial group 1.809 for Oland and get the low low rate you've been looking for. 1.95% interest rates are at all time low. So no way. Call Rat now. Hop on it and get that rate. 1.95% from financial group and you know that number to call by now. I hope 1.809 for Oland. That's 1.809 for O.L.E.N.D. The Renequil housing lender. Credit restrictions apply rates up to you to change monthly. 5.19 APR. 5.19 APR. 5.19 APR. 5.19 APR. 5.19 APR. 5.19 APR. 5.19 APR. This Sunday, all of the sopranos. So what, don't you know that? Well, mate. Just suck my f***. It's just as this. It comes the project. You'll take the lips. Over the gets. Total f***ing oop. You know mother f***ing. He's got a real f***ing attitude problem. Put your kickman a f***ing head. The words that come from all around your race. Put your shirt on. I'm getting it, Shelby. There's two things I'm good at. It's full of dense, a spot in good f***ing shops. I might not be able to wedge my own ass. You know that. You're born to this f***ing. I'm a babbling idiot. Can you just shut the f*** up about it? Stick it up your ass. I'm a touch I f***ing off. Get yourself under the vapor riser. You're stupid mother f***ing, you know that? You f***ing piece of f***ing shit. Oh, I am, please. Don't start with that name business. What the f*** is your problem? Or don't f***ing audience with the pope. I bet you're very good to your mother. F***ing, f***ing what? Yeah f***ing you. Do you f***ing want me some f***ing data? Get nothing but a... I'm ragged for the gills. Yeah, it's Christ. How you doing? No, Zing. Get your money, God. I can't eat. Dad, it's got cholesterol. Can I just get some macaroni and gravy? F***ing you f***ing you f***ing you f***ing me. I don't like that kind of talk. Everybody else want a mouth off? F***ing piece. I'm going to bokeh. From 19... Oh, that must have been Mowwright 3rd, Dianna. Ha ha ha. It sounded like him to me. Oh, speaking of the language, how do you like the language in Magnolia? Yeah, hard pressed to find a scene. Even with a little kids in it. Right. We're doing an F bomb here and then. Oh, it was all good up until. I don't want to hear about it. All right. Full of crap. You're absolutely full of crap. I mean, it's more like that already. He hasn't even seen it yet. Incredible. He's already decided to like it. I can't stop looking at these pictures of Amy and Aaron. You know? Well, we've got our own pictures of Amy over here. Do you really? Yeah, we do. Other ones? She hooked us up. No. Yeah. Are you serious? I am. Well, what about the other pictures of Aaron that you could be emailing me on my nice new, uh, email thing? No, no, he wasn't in playboy's lingerie issue. Well, why not? Ha ha ha ha. I guarantee you're one thing. You sure lot prettier than a lot of the people that were gay. Man. Yeah. Well, whatever. And Rika, you sent me this fast from a Rika who I think has been influenced by you badly and doing too much bad weed. Now, he does have one good idea here in the fact, you know, I see when people start giving me like a whole, uh, rundown of what I play this with a couple of parts in behind it. I'm kind of a feral saying, uh, you're a douchebag. I can't handle that in Rika and Charlotte. I'm a dodgering old man. Plus, I'm getting me a rock and share. Cause what I'm here. But he doesn't have a good suggestion. He says I heard you make the key chains with mode drop and similar to the mad dogs. What the possibilities of including some feral laughs into some drops. Not this time, but next year, right? We'll have a library. Yeah, besides we need to make the mo key chain wall. Well, like making his good. Well, but the memory will linger on even after he's long gone. Not that he's going anywhere. I know you run. He's locked in. He's got that core of regular is now five, eighties got Dennis and, uh, uh, what's his name? Redenance. I would see from Borosad and Mark the Gisband and Dennis and Steve and Mark the Gisband. Wow. Just unbelievable. So anyway, and we can't thank you very much, but, uh, I'm probably going to have to disappoint there and I wanted to. All right, little bit. But smoking big fat one for us anyway. Speaking of Aaron and that big fat one, five, six, seven, five, six, the pound five, six, the only AT&T in Verizon. Wireless line. How is the pull coming? Which had eased you care about most? See, I totally, this is a lot better than that other stupid women pull, you know, which, which bitch you liked the best? I'm not saying that they were all bitches. I wouldn't say Madeline all bright as a bitch would you? No. She's a nice lady. Or two. 493 of votes. Where are the weapons of mass destruction they care about most by far? 44.4% to 119. One and oh right now, where are they? Show it. Show us the money. Show us the something. Show us the blah blah blah. Una bomba grande. Okay. What is won? Get in can. 113. One and oh that. Is George gay? 57. Will there really be Middle East peace? 58. Is that for Real Voice? 23. I got the feds look informing. Martha Stewart gets indicted. 16. And Sammy so's the use of the court bat. A very embarrassing. Fotes. That was pretty good. Very good. Well, the reason is pretty good is because like I told you before this board is not. Also, when am I getting back to my luncheon, saga about the lunch and then eating a lot of crap? Go on, thicken if I have crap for lunch. Okay. If I go and get cheese blinces with blueberries, that will not only take care of my lunch, but it will take care of satisfying my sweet tooth. Do you see what I'm saying? Right. Will it work? I can't give it a shot. You have blinces for lunch and ice cream for dinner. Now I'm not having a more ice cream. I'm off. I'm probably even one ice cream. I eat so much guy. They might scream me. I got ice cream coming out of my ears. Right. Everyone. All the pores in my body. Van. I mean, what is wrong with me? I'm addicted to sugar. I'm so bad. I mean, so incredibly bad. Just call me Sarah. It's the Sarah Rogers show. I think I'm changing the name of the Sarah Gold Farms show. I'm changing that. That's good. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Go for get the QM van from now to the one is at Parker's side. At 7, 600 Southwest 87 Avenue Miami. Stop by to get your free Marlon tickets and eight against the age tonight. See, this is his promo is way, they're really bad. That Miguel of somebody's not taking care of them. I think they're reenact service and no more. Get your free Marlon's ace tickets to the night sky and courtesy of the real yellow pages from Bill South. And then one to two the staff knew that QM van will be at Sunshine Pools. Located Miami at 8727. Why do I want to promote Sunshine Pools? I don't know. When we already have our good friends at Atlantic Marseille, one of our fine sponsors. I'm not that crazy about doing that, you know. I mean, even though they promised these people all these free mentions, why do I want to be promoting for free since they're not paying me nothing on this show? Why do I want to be doing that? I don't know. You see what I'm saying? Yeah. I think it's a conflict of interest, Miguel. And I think we have a discussion about this. This is like what PD Lenny used to do all the time. Remember his famous tricks, hopefully is. Trying to give me to do like a three minute free spot for some Jackass account of his. That had nothing to do with me or this show. I think the remake may have a pointer to about Miguel. Here's a lady in Parkland, hello. Yes, ma'am. Hi, I'm calling you some beautiful park right now. I'm so sorry. I want my name is Charlotte and I'd like to tell you three things. First of all, I love you. Crazy about your chemistry show. Okay. Second thing. Last night, my husband is a crazy tag in the witty. We watched Rayqueam for a drink. And I was right. I couldn't feel a pretty sweet boy line after watching her. Really? I couldn't. And I asked for a drink. If you took a couple of greens, I would have liked to calm you down up to sleep. What would have calmed down? A couple of green pills. Okay. And my husband said it made him feel very distressed. And the other thing is. What do you mean he's distressing about what? It was very distressing. Oh, I see the movie was distressing. Yes, because of what happened to everybody. And tell me, what do you think happened to Sarah in the end? See, I told that to George. This is another movie that's not finished. And oh, no, my daughter was not finished. But we know what happened to her. She went into funny farm. I don't agree. I think we need to find out. And I think we need to find out of Eric Harry state that her arms weigh for any of after the immobile. Oh, that was bad. That was bad. You know, the thing of it is, did you see how indifferent to psychiatrists rise to her? But now, not just how about how about the diet doctor. He never even looked at her. Exactly. He looked at the chart and she's talking and he never looked at her. And they just kept scribble out the prescriptions for all these damn pills. It was sick, but it was very true. It's really life meal. Yeah. Okay, now here's the other thing, Neil. Do you think the shrub, our president, who the pot stole the election, you think that that moron can bring peace to the Middle East? Yeah, but I wouldn't want to single him out for that. First of all, keep in mind when his crew of Nazis first came into office. They said, oh, well, we're not going to make them a state Clinton. We may work. Not going to get involved in the Middle East. We're going to like put that way down on the burner. You know, we're going to back burner. And then, of course, after 9, 11, all of a sudden, he's the big peacemaker. You know, when I watch him and the awkward, you know, I remember watching Jimmy Carter with big and then this is dot. And you saw Clinton and there with the yes or air. I'm a fart and robbing. And now you watch this and you say, ah, this is, I don't know. I mean, I hope so because I'm sick and tired of the whole thing, you know. But both has shit for brains. Okay, and have a great day. That. I hit it, did you? We all did. Okay. I'm running into the get. He was going so well. I mean, she's right. She said the president's got Schmidt for brains. Okay. In fact, as far as I'm concerned, we're sitting, I think, a bit of improvement. Now, see, just what we're talking about the rocking chair guy. And now you send me this facts about people using me and using the show. Well, I'm working on a theme. Now, I'm making me a mid years resolution. Since it is June right in the middle of the year, I'm making a mid years resolution. I'm, I'm tired of being used, you know, when you get to be an old fart like me. There just isn't that much to use anymore. Thought I was so appropriate when that facts came across. Oh, brother. I mean, cut the crap already. What did Dave Slater cut the crap? This is a guy doesn't want to get the message. He ran once before. He wouldn't even put his name on the paper. He didn't acknowledge his existence. And he sends me this facts like I'm going to like put it over the top. Stop using me. Okay. I was delighted to help out against that penny sales tax a couple of years ago. I was really ecstatic. They were able to help accomplish something. That was the one time. And like Howard Beal said, I don't think we'll, like, the way, remember he was talking about saying the telegrams to the White House does not the sound ideal. He said, but I don't think it's ever going to happen again. And that's exactly how I feel. The idea that this show is going to make a difference. If somebody on a radio is going to change the world, forget about it. Okay. I'd much rather have people go out watching these great movies getting a little under payment we've been talking about. As opposed to thinking, I'm going to sit here in a change the world. Change our Florida. Make it a great place to live. 29 past noon already at 5. 60 WQM. Tom Layman in general sales manager Joel Prieta would helicopter Act. GMC are obsessed with this program. In fact, they need some help. I think they're obsessed with me with George with Bonerboy with the listeners with everybody even used to be Miguel Till today. And Hal had check out the area's biggest selection of 2003 GMC on voice. On voice, it sells you cons you connect sales and denalities. Nobody's got a bit of a selection anywhere then our friends at Hal had Pontiac. And they've also got a great selection of dependable. That's the operative word. That's the important thing. Dependable pre-owned cars, car's car's SUV's free to Peru's from. And if you're worried about going into a car lock because your credit is a little on a shaky side. And you know why I could shake and down. Have no fear because Hal had to always find a way to cut you with deal. So for the biggest and the best selection of GMC SUV's, those amazing Neil deals and lots more. CR friends at Hal had Pontiac GMC. 134. 134. One South Tixie Highway would have begun strong for over 35 years. That's US won across from the falls open every day, seven days a week. If you want more info call the Neil Deal Hotline and one triple eight. 534. 42 11. And when you do talk to the folks at Hal had be sure mentioned that Bob Eisenberg's A Real Puts. That's one triple eight. 534. 40. And I'd like to mention you heard about the Neil Deal because it will save you even more cash too. And Hal had Pontiac GMC who are telling you the absolute truth when they say, we are professional grades. 9. And low. This is 435. 6. 2. 8. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 9. 6. 5. 5. 10. 10. 10. 9. 8. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. It reminds me of the sign man. What does his name? That that was his name. What the sign man nobody had a name. I know You don't know what it is. He just wanted to guide. I put it all I had and But you do the one fucking about yeah, yeah, and then he started calling the show I mean we appreciate all the nice sign who is great at what he did But he was the worst car in the history of the human race. He made the guy with the eyes sound like Alfred Hitchcock I mean like Walter Crunker. It was bad And he was also in person even worse than he was on the phone. He's a I'm not saying he's a bad guy because he was a nice guy He did a nice stuff for us, but it just I don't know. I don't know how to describe it It's this kind of a clingon thing that happens in life You know what I mean touch the flush to where the flesh I don't want to let the flat don't want him touch in my flesh believe me There are plenty of people I'd like to touch in my flesh. He ain't want him here. And what's going on sweetheart? How the hanging? I'm not looking at that picture anymore. I got a show to do here. We got the mad dog at two Hank Goldberg from New York where the bell monster comes up Saturday How many horses are we in that race? We got about a few of our horses. No, it's seriously like four left. Oops that keeps scratching the horses out Which is great. I want to see funny side when the triple crown. Oh, I want to see him just kick ass Marlon's undecanced. It's 30 because we have a contract and we're required to carry those games 705 the A's and a Marlon's again in front of their usual six or seven thousand people any K Who's reading how come we don't have the hockey game on? Oh, that's right. We're contracted for the Marlon's Any K follows the baseball game. You can be danger. He's gonna be glued to the screen for the educks and the devil's game five from Jersey and Jo and Mark overnight two to five in the morning See stop and think about this with Mo with his new schedule of his The fact that way he has to get a three-pluck at a morning or thoroughbout. What are the chances that anytime in the near future He's gonna be watching like an NBA playoff game at night or a baseball game at night or any sporting event That's on in the evening. Oh See what I'm saying right the chances are none. I mean he might watch a little bit of it But generally speaking the big oh nothing maybe he'll take a nap and then maybe he'll get maybe right the message Haven't had any more reasons why are we hate Mo called and it's you know, this is the audience It's just it's so depressing to me. It's the one thing if we could just if we just have a transplant on the callers But that that's a story that goes back a long long time and they're gonna change five six seven Oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT and T and Verizon marvelous line don't forget about the horse meets alami please All right here's the call from Dallas again. Hello. Hello Yes, sir. Did I just speak to you yesterday? Yes, matter fact you did okay. We'll call me again sometime What are you laughing about Well, I'm not we don't do that on this show. I to me that the purpose of this show number one a way of of anything else entertainment That's what we're getting paid to do. We're not gonna change the world. We're not gonna save the world We're not gonna change the human nature We're not gonna make self-floor to paradise. This is an entertainment program And as somebody who's done this for about 500 years to me there is nothing worse and I mean nothing Then a guy who sits behind a microphone and talks to the same Pondrous people day after day it's boring It is boring and an alphariness to moe I'll say this then his predecessors in a morning they did the same thing They did exactly the same thing the worst team Joe and guilty and And yeah, I'm y'all gonna leave oh they did the same thing In fact they were the guys who invented Richie from Boris head and marked the jet span What's the point what's he use? It's the lazy way out the lazy and it's very terminal believe you me But I'm excited now that we got a new show we got two new shows we got for well on a video and we have the Mo Gueldi and Denisho now every morning So Denish contend you about how he has nothing against homosexuals but They can't see it's the gonna same place like how about in the adormatory Yeah, maybe we ought to have a head of a sexual dormitory and a homosexual dormitory Now make sure that the homo guys aren't sleeping with heterogies and the dikes with the hetero Right with the ladies as long as you're in can keep in mind these are calls on a sports show We got all these guys taken showers together. I just mentioned that in passing 567.0560 pound 560 on a AT and T line Here's for Latterdale, huh? Yes, yeah, sir first time caller. All right. Listen now. I want to make comment on socials Little problem with that court It looked at me. It was just like an athlete coming out of I are trying to gain a little support in little fast speed And that's all I see and I Don't think it was his home right what do you mean by that so if you're saying that he didn't intentionally You can make an excuse for that No, there is no excuse. I mean it's like Bobby Valentine said he got caught You know, but I think when you're saying that when you're sir what you're suggesting is ludicrous That's the case what if he breaks that bat which is it turns out he did and he's got 76 other bats that are court So what was the benefit You think it was an accident that That's time we didn't know that court was there I mean Sir, let me say again. He's got 76 other bats none of them had more court. How is that possible? No, it's not well, so there you go You said look to me like an athlete I mean let me ask you this sir seriously since nobody else cares about it Who really gives a crap when you come right down to it who cares? I You do why do you care? I love baseball. Oh, okay. Well call call a sports show I don't No, I'm just in it. No use for it. It's a waste of time they've destroyed it. They've buttuted once upon a time was a lot of fun I was big into it. It's it's over the for the parties over He loves baseball so therefore he's concerned he's one of those 10 people who's most concerned about the Sammy so says bat out of uh 1.8 percent join the other less than 2 percent of the human racer who care most about Sammy so's in his court bat To be the f***ing game exactly Most people care about where those weapons have matched destruction 241 they care about like the future of the guy Damn human race in the world and I were gonna keep spinning it around and I were gonna let a bunch of Nazis The other lesson again next year. That's what most people care about When is Moghin can now we're talking about something heavy duty 126 Is George gay 68 maybe a lot of guys out there are concerned maybe they like a date Will there ever really be Middle East P62 yeah a piece of halava a piece of baklava No, they only talk about what are they Who? falafel I'm sorry. That's what they and camel Is that for Elzreal voice 26 Martha Stewart gets in dieted 16 people are most concerned about that not too many And only 10 care most about Sarasana using the court fat oh The and the I mean you can send the idea that people want a sitting conjecture about that back and forth and on and on that even it makes my teeth They can makes me weak Makes me weak at the knees burn them at the stake a court stake of course So let me ask you you think the Yankees are with the penit next year not this year next year Same kind of crap man same so I think I'm you know I'm gonna do What speaking of being a crusade you're I'm gonna change something. I'm gonna make sports talk illegal You know the FCC just did this thing they keep making all these changes in broadcast regulations right? I think what we need to do is make sports talk illegal. Yeah, I Think it's detrimental to the mental health of America. I and I don't think it is I know it is John 1241 at 560 W. A. Brandy's used this year's having a big big celebration They're celebrating 25 years in business in South Florida same great location of Serving people well doing good things for you in your feet and they offer you a fantastic Unbeatable select of the top names of mental women choose the universe. They got them all rockports echoes Mufisto, Tibilin Clark's essay as floor shine on all the others that you know and love and they have a wide range of sizes at Brandies Men size 65th team women's five to 12 and wits from the very very narrow to the very big fat and wide and Of course the professional sales holes at Brandies will give you a personal individual service Take care of you and your feet make sure you get a perfect fit every time and with over 40,000 perish Shoes and stock in their gigantic 8,000 square foot mega store you can be damn sure you can bet George is life on it That exactly what you're looking for is in stuck way to dust off on your feet Brandy shoes a wonderful place to shop for shoes there are 12 90 North that are how we in pop at OV Chopin daily nine to nine Sunday stand to five and right now a great time to shop for fathers day at Brandies this weekend Spirium man a oh's early 48 90 and rockport world tours only 69 90 So stop by Brandy shoes in pop at a beach or visit him on a web at Brandies I see the website thing. I'm a little bit Because they keep changing this. I think a Toyota boy Keep changing on me every day like now. He's gotten a poster for you in it So try it a whole bunch of different ways it'll keep you off the street Brandies shoes.com Wither without whatever you want to stick in留言 Florida sucks Well, my naming is Gary condive. I'm evil include worldists be here Close a bankone of my interest and she might have just a sheer Oh I'm nervous in my body. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I сто. Although I used it. With the total weight. But anyway, up to night. I was the youngest, well three. So I just look on our website and then the Benier Boys put new stuff online. I'm not even telling you about it. Siam, anything to worry about that? Can you see that? Yeah. Oh, that is sensational. Man, he has tapped and set up a storm. Sammy Davis would be proud. And then a quote underneath the W. It says, Mark Twain, it's better to keep your mouth closed and let people think you're a fool than to open it and remove all doubt. And Mark Twain is usual was, That's a beautiful thing. That's a beautiful thing. Read above the whole list of bushes and that we have there. Second. And above the new cartoons. And above those grow test pictures of the butchered children in Iraq. And then of course, our bedtime stories. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 plenty of open lines because, I'm sure we don't want to talk to the same half of those people every day because it's ponderous. And if it means we've got to go back to begging for calls again, that's okay. I don't care. I got many, many years of practice doing that. But why? The guy from Dallas calls me the second day in a row. Are you ready for that? Like he's moving. That's a guy that was going to go to Amsterdam. Remember? Right. Have a good time, pal. Here's Volca. Hello. What up, Doc. Hey, how are you doing? All right. Hey, long time no talk to you. Listen, I just wanted to talk to you about this. First of all, let's let me get this out of the way. Let me get this out of my chest. Who gives the damn about semi-sodes? People are corking him. He's hitting the damn bottom. I don't care. I don't care. I don't think I should stick a corking his back though. His ass, if he asks me. I mean, who cares, man? No, man. Give me a break. Anyways, I always hear you talking to show about losing weight and all that stuff. When I even thought about when somebody hacking, how can I gain weight, Neil? I'm trying to gain a damn pound. And I'm spending a month eating. I can't get a damn thing. Yeah, I keep eating. Keep chewing on it. Fine. I have no time for people like that. Just like Boner boy. You know, eat some chocolate, man. It'll do it. Eat a bunch of chocolate and bacon. Uh, make you a hell of a brunch. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. That was one of them, by the way. We got, uh, and case you didn't know. 180 votes. Which of these do you care about most? And Sammy Zozi uses a cork bath. Only got 10. 1.7%. Nobody cares. The media cares. They're hyper ventilating. Anyone want to know what? See, somebody forgot to tell him that baseball is no longer America's the national pastime. It's kind of like like his pastime by. Nobody cares. Isn't it a small handful of people? It's like neurotic repetition. They just keep going and just keep watching. All the most of them don't go to the games. He just watched it if it's free on TV. Or they just call in talk shows like sports talk shows. I said, I'll talk about it because that's for free. Because, uh, you know, opinions are like assholes. Everybody's got one. Oh, I think Sammy knew all about it. And I think he probably hit the other 500 bats with a cork. Who gives a flying crap like I said before. You got a little league game now. Would it would all these Phantom teams and they're keeping the same statistics. Every statistic after expansion started and every sport should have a big Astorisc. You know, like they put the Astorisc after Roger Maris broke Bay Brutes record because it wasn't up. Was not 154 games was one sixty two. So they put the Astorisc next to it. Well, what they should do now is every record since expansion should have a big Astorisc and a record books as if anybody cares because it's all Phantom crap. It's all. It's all little league. You got guys that hit like 175 or major league baseball players. Too 20. Forget about it. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, you know. Yes, sir. How are you, sir? I'm great. I'm just thinking about what you're talking about getting up at 3 o'clock in the morning. I've been doing that for about 10 years. And I think it's really the best shift. It's because a lot of advantages. Yeah. Not if you're 68 years old, it's not. Well, I'm 62. Not too bad. I'll be damned. You know, the traffic you beat the traffic. You get off my way home now. You say a little nap and he asked if you're going to go to bed before 10, 10, 30, night. Get up to 3. Stop that. Wow. So another G. Sleep. Sleep. Split shift. Actually, I think you know, you need about 4, 5 hours sleep anyway. No way. Are you kidding me? I'm sure you're more or 5 hours sleep. I think so. You must be one of our rare breed maeral. Anybody can handle 4 if I'm not especially that age. I don't know on the weekends. They must be better than I know. I feel like hell. Really? Yeah. I'll give it a try. And I'll stay out till about 3.5. Okay. Okay. Thanks. Thanks, pal. By the way, bad news, Canadian dollars up to 74.60 cents. My American dollar is dropping. Like water through a sieve like frogs from the sky. And the euro is 118.5. Oh. That American dollar. I can't complain about it's value. When he works as generally speaking, don't have any. 5.670560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. I just get that nervous feeling and a bit of my stomach that the audience is on the verge of running out of material about everything on the verge. On the verge. No. I mean, like really, you know, the ultimate. They've been, they've been hovering for quite a while for years now. But I think they're right on the edge of going over that precipice. I think if they hold off to like about the 4th of July would be a real good. Yeah, that would be excellent. Not that I want to lead you holding the bag right. Right. Of course. What would be wrong with leading you holding the bag? Here's a call from Carl Springs, hello. Yeah. How you doing today? Okay, sir. The reason I'm calling is my day here on a news yesterday was the guy in California who was authorized to go pot for the state. Oh, you know something. I looked for that story on the internet. I'm glad you mentioned that the judge gave him one day in jail and let him out. Good. Well, this still shouldn't ever happen to the candle. Exactly. This is the guy that the jury was prevented from hearing. We had the story on months ago that the guy was growing pot for medical use legally under the law passed in California. It wasn't breaking any law. And they came in there and they rated the joint and arrested this guy. He could have gotten 60 years in jail because of the damn DEA. The federal DEA feds. And the judge said, this is ridiculous. He gave him the one day in jail already served in the tournament loose. True. Does everybody around the world complain about our government walking on him? They do the same thing here. You know, people don't open their eyes to just one more example. Okay. Thanks for reminding me. I forgot all about thank you. Because we had talked about that stir when it happened in the incredible outrage. Medical marijuana is legal under the Florida law and the feds. The, the, the, the, a narks coming there. Oh, you're growing a marijuana and you're going to, you're going to, and you're going to, and you know, try to put him away for 60 years. Travek pathetic. Does anybody care? No, no, to me, he is all worked up about Sammy Sosin. His cork bat. I think they had a stuff of cork in it, don't you? That's what I think. Much of fascist, crazy, maniacal, manipulative bastards. I guess if they keep most people tied up trying to stay out of jail and everything and trying to keep from all this other crap. Then they don't have time to, like, worry about asking questions about where's the weapons of mass destruction. And let's see that vote count again from 2000 and all these other things, you know? And how come all the veterans are losing their benefits and how come the poor people and the kids with the little, the families with little children kicking in any tax relief? These are the questions that people want to know, but in the meantime, we're worried about some guy that's going pot legally for medical purposes out there in California. Let's go through a whole big, so advanced and waste a lot of taxpayer money to try to put that guy's ass away. Because he's dangerous. He's a threat. Here's a call from Papano. Hello. Finally, I have two different things. One, I have something for your list on reasons we hate mo. Oh, good. That went over like a pregnant pole vault. He thinks he's really hot, the move away for the dolphins, but we all know he's really a debt fan. Okay, he's a jet fan. It's number six, okay? And the other doesn't tell you when you're saying you didn't feel satisfied when you're eating the ice cream when you're eating. Right. Carbs don't stay in your stomach and send the signals here brain to tell you you're full, but protein's due. That's why the steak makes you feel full. It's very good. That's why you can't eat only one fringles and you might have eaten the whole damn container full. Right, because carbs pass straight through to your intestine. They don't stay in the stomach. I think we find carbohydrates ought to be outlawed. It's a fire grade. Starting after I croak. But the protein state is I just in your stomach, which tells your brain you're satisfied and full. So you're better off eating the protein. Okay. All right. I just want to give you a drink. Sounds really easy to me. Thanks. Bye. Bye-bye. He's okay. Well, I shouldn't say that. When you're in town next, it's as easy as pie. Oh, sit. I'm going to bring my camcorder in. For what? And I'm going to tape you like preparing and then eating a bowl of ice cream and then added it into one of those montages like you see in recommend for a dream. The prepping could be a no ice cream when I'm there. Oh, good. I don't think. Then we could put it on the website. Why? Because you want to embarrass him. He really didn't degrade me on my own website. Yeah. Let's continue him burusing him or leading and degrading him all on our website. Not me. What's wrong with that? It's too easy. Yeah, you're right. That doesn't take much. You're right. Like I said, piece of cake. This is better than sex. Take. Find a way. And we're going to take another picture. Take off those checkered pants. Yeah. People are talking in the ones that are like lime green and the... They, uh, doctor, that performed the surgery on, uh, jacibus thumb. Didn't need the same doctor that performed the procedure on your two pay. I would have played the whole thing though. Oh, it's so cruel. And especially where guilty is like smirkling in the background. That's bad. Just like that. 1257 at 560 W to come. Just minutes away from our gigantic one to two hours. Oh, world famous. But I tell you, ten to two sure is help beats nine to one. Why do they do that to us for all those months? You bastards? You lunatics, Greg. Whoever else was responsible for that incentive madness. Let me tell you right now. Easy piece of shopping to do that doesn't require to leave your house. Just reach over and lift the thing off the receiver. Lift up your phone and call our good buddies at telematres. They're ranked number one in the world of customer satisfaction. And when you buy a mattress from these folks and you finish with a whole deal, you understand why. Just one easy call to 1-800 mattress and you won't believe how easy it is to pick out the perfect bed for you, depending on your back and how you like to sleep. Like upside down, vertical horizontal, whatever. The expert bed and consultants will guide you through the whole process because they really know bedding inside and out. Unlike when you go into a show where we talk to some Schmerell who stares you through the house brand because they told them to do it or maybe it discontinued setters of mismatchers from crap like that. Telematres doesn't have time for crap. They carry only the best, the top quality mattresses in the world. They got silly, sort of Simmons tempered pedic. No sales gimmicks, no false promises, no phony ads. They've got the high end beds too like CDs crowned you online. And the top models from every brand grow in all at low prices every day. And when you talk to the people at Telematres at 1-800 mattress, ask about their exchange policy. If you're not completely satisfied, they'll exchange it for you. No questions asked plus. Telematres give you a free set up. Pretty removal and you get to two to the date and time for delivery. That fits your schedule any to our window that's convenient for you. Nobody else does that. Telematres the easy and smart way to get you a great night sleep for months and years to come with one simple call to 1-800 mattress. 1-800-MATT-R-E-S or visit them on the web. Macros.com It's not just the one to two hour, it's a phenomenon. You love Shakira's tongue, can you hear the punty of your clothes? Well, I'm a little bit darker. That's the man who must tell me that it's the girl. And now you'll love her new album. Shakira's in other people's hits. It's bravier. Oh, how long? She already made music history by recording her first English language album. And now she's taking her art form to the next level. By re-recording songs that were already heads in English, only this time they're in English again. I'm not so bad. Give that to me. Give that to me. Give that to me. Shakira sings other people's hits. It's true, no. No. We can't have that more on my deep. Shakira sings other people's hits. I don't care if I'm afraid. I'm not afraid. I'm not afraid. I'm really, really like Shakira's CD. Laundry service. Then you really, really, really like her new CD. Shakira sings other people's hits. No, the name was an espagnola in this document. Much as crashes. 103 HR, gigantic one to two, our boy. It's so much better being back on 10 to two. You know what? And also, if I want somebody to, they've got a real show. I hope your car gets stolen. Okay, thanks. Anyway, here's the story. I just printed that from the LA Times. The Guru of Gange gets a day in jail. We're getting it with that. Now, the fact that you just sent me, see, it wasn't bad enough that, and the guy was a good guy. But he wanted to talk about hockey for half an hour in chase way to the whole audience. You know what's the fault on the, or falls call. Yeah, and the calls followed right after that. I mean, you just, you cannot go on a radio. I talk about things that you are interested in, that nobody else cares about. And expect to have anybody listening. We're in that a long time ago, but I will not do soon enough. Because here's this thing from the Cleveland plain dealer, a harness racing story. The Northfield Parks Battle of Lake Erie Saturday. It said, you should come down for this. I have a seat for you in my box. You number one fan and Cleveland. Well, thank you very much, pal. But no, I don't go to Cleveland. And especially if I want to see races, I can go to Woodbind. I can go to a Mohawk. I can go to Hell, like whatever. You know, I go to Betevi. I go to Hamburg to Buffalo, racially. Oh, don't say Hamburg. You get those crazy. Peter. People crazy again. They'll get them nuts. But don't let me forget about the horse meat and salami. Okay, hey. But anyway, no, I'll be for that. This is more important. I'm glad that that color reminded me of this. I mean, all the other crap is cocky ride that they worried about that bitch Martha Stewart and Sammy Stink and Soisa. This is about freedom, man. This is about the kind of country you people live in. And it seems to me that most people don't give a flying fig. That's the sad part. The guru of Gange gets a day in jail. A judge freeze activist has become a symbol and a clash with the federal government over California's medical marriage we need laws. Ed Rosenthall has the look of a high school biology teacher and the resume of a stoner. For years he's written passionately about marijuana for high times magazine. Authored books about pot and served as a high priest of the medical marijuana movement on Wednesday, meaning yesterday he added new chapter. The 59 year old Pont activist entered federal court in San Francisco facing years behind bars for cultivating more than a hundred marijuana plants for a barrier medical pot dispensary he walked out a free man. U.S. District Judge Charles Breyer, whom I say hello to ice cream by the. Brushed aside a plea from prosecutors for a six and a half year sentence declaring that Rosenthall should spend just one day in jail. He then waved the sentence for time already served after Rosenthall's arrest last year by drug agents from the notorious the unshared. The highest the the a. Prior to the extraordinary circumstances of the case including eight jurors who said after the trial that they would have acquitted Rosenthall had even lot of presented evidence that is pot plants were intended for medical use. They didn't let them tell the jury that his pot plants were for medical use. And you remember the stories back when this thing was going on that the jurors were filming at the moth they were matter than a wet hand. and that they would have reversed the conviction if they had known that the pot was intended for medical use since it was legal on their state law at the time. The judges decision was met by wild cheering and applause in the courtroom. Oh, oh, oh, right. I take responsibility for my actions that bring me here today. I took these actions because my conscious led me to help people who are suffering rose and all said, these laws are doomed. It brought an end-way topsy-turvy legal case that Thrust Rose and Tall in the National Spotlight. He became a symbol of the ongoing clash over California's medical marijuana laws and the uncompromising prohibitions of the federal freaking goddamn fascist government. That's what it is. The federal freaking fascist goddamn government. That's what it is. What they'll ever happen to states rights. What they'll ever happen to individual freedoms, huh? Oh, no, the DEA man just say the drugs took that wicked and just like the thing that Canada's having with the US, which they wanted to really decriminalize the marijuana laws here, and now they had a water-it-down and try to pacify those fascist and wash them in because let's face it. They're flexing their muscle now, man. Number one on the block to the USA, you're going to do it our way. Our way or the highway, the Hershey Highway, as Duffwood say. I don't know where they're going to go, but I don't know where they're going to go. Anyway, thanks again, Duffwood called me during the break. I said, be sure and thank Biner Boy for doing that prep work. You said, say me a lot of time in blood aggravation. No. A lot of that high-colonic crap. Don't know what you're talking about. Thank you, Sukena. 560, 560, pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. If you haven't seen the Mow picture on all foes on our website, please, it'll give you a chuckle, okay? Yeah, just the one. It'll give you several chuckles. Here's Miami, hello. Miami. Come home? Yes, sir. You know, I have a question for you. A president can only run for two years. But for two years? Two years? Two terms. Yeah. After you serve as the two, if another president takes over, can he run again? No. 560, and although you know, as Bob of the other day, was talking about that about he thinks that Loss should be changed. Not for him, although I think that would be great. But not for him, but just in general, I think he's right. Yeah. Although, let's make sure we don't change it retroactive for W. Oh. Can you even imagine? Look at all the open lines in that board, baby. Wow. They're really impressed about the red and tall thing in the medical marijuana. All the other stuff we're talking about. No, they don't care about that. They want to know about Sammy Sosis Bad. I'll guarantee you that on the sports shows yesterday, there were more Zillions of phone calls that will get the whole hour here right now. Oh, yeah. You're enthused about Sammy and the cork it that he stick it that he suck it that he lick it that he eat it. And we sit here like begging and pleading and like just prostating ourselves and I got prostrating. What's the word? Pustating. And it is not. Here. Here is Boca. Hello. Let's open a toy figure to the back. Oh, God. Here's a call from Jacksonville. Hello. Hello. Miami. Hello. Okay. Not now we're doing it. Now we know it's the one to two hour. Okay. Now we know it's back. We don't have anybody on the line. It's got the IQ larger than there's thumbnail. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I'm going back to bedtime stories. I think I'll get in. Oh, yeah. No, I'm serious. This business is sitting down wondering are they going to be in the mood to call us it's a list. I've told you this many months ago. This is what's happening. It's either got to be a list or one of those stupid sports things about Sammy's bat. That's it. And I'll say it again. If I'm on your talking sports in South Florida. I'm talking Brian greasy and Jay Feather. Not about the Sammy had crooked his bat. Last time I checked Sammy don't play for Eddie or South Florida team. Does he play for South Florida team? No. Who gives a crap? Okay. Sammy's thinking so sir. Oh, I love you. I love you. I love you. I'll let crap, you know. Just like Levi. My, I love you. I'll let Bologna. You know, he don't love many more. So I have an idea. Yeah, for a new list. Yes. And you know, there's so many responses we got on that too. That one, I say, the most of the jet fan that was number six, the top five, started to have been filled in. Yes. Which. Ask that said, no, just which. Oh. Which of these? Yeah. And they can just call something. What? We can do that every day. Which of these do you care about most is the poll today? And see we're not letting them add to we didn't let them build the list. So they like take a exception of that. Oh, well, we got nothing to say then. 631 votes. Where are the meppens of last destruction to an 82 of the 44.6% of votes? When's well getting can 137 is George gay 80. Will there really be Middle East peace 72? Is that really for else real voice 30? Martha Stewart gets in that at 18 and Sammy says he uses the cork bat only 11 people. 1.7% out of 636 just a handful. Give her crap about that and write to Lee so. Rightfully freaking so. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Hey, no, how you doing? Okay. Moment call for the second. Do you think that if they ever find which they will, but I think it'd be planet, but I'll think that if they find weapon to match destruction, it'll be the one that will plan it. I don't think we're going to find squad. But if the pressure really gets on, don't you think they're going to have that as a. No, not too late. Now if they were smart enough to that, they didn't already. Okay. But that's all I have. Okay. Thanks. Not going to find not not going to find squatsky. Number squatsky and crutch. Yeah. That was a bad show. Yeah. Probably the center one is five sixty WDQM is the audience is getting really can't tankers now man. I got no material. I got nothing. They got zero. They got zippity dude. Dazippity a started out is a pretty good day. And I saw those pictures of Aaron and Amy. I said, wow, this day can't be all bad. You know, and then we put the picture of mole on all fours on our way. See that that alone did anybody comment about that? Oh, now we know that everybody in this audience looked at it. Right. Right. The picture too. And the picture too. And was crap at our pants over it. And because we could even get through to our own website. It was so mobbed. Which has never happened before. We had more guy than traffic than the Palmetto with five thirty in the afternoon. Any comment? No. No. You. Oh man. Hey, how low can they go? Now the financial group does the limbo rock under the lowest refinancing rate you ever heard of in your life. That's right. It's true. Now you can refinance your homer by a new homer get a super low. One point ninety five percent financing with our friends at financial group. Be sure and tell them that Todd Regtordi you call 1 800 9 for Oland. That's 1 800 9 for O. L. E. N. D. If you're even thinking about refinancing or buying real estate, call financial group at 1 800 9 for Oland and talk about savings went and out. Check this out. If you have a $100,000 loan, your payments are only $368 a month. If you have your way $200,000 loan, your pay only $736 a month. So call financial group 1 800 9 for Oland to get the low low rate you're looking for 1.95% interest rates are at all time. Low so don't wait. Call now get you the rate that you've been praying and hoping in the squeezing for 1.95% from financial group. Call them today. Why you're thinking about it? 1 800 9 for Oland. There's no obligation. That's financial group at 1 800 9 for O. L. E. N. D. If you're an equal housing lender, credit restrictions apply rates up to the change monthly. 5.19 APR. This is sports when you buy something. Take on me best of earth that you ever seen. All right. Ask anybody in that neighborhood. Are you sure? It tell you this country where the country goes. Rustle man has some he want to sell and from my low way you can detect these men off school. So can't just walk, smoke, smoke, smoke. He like up his left hand, smoke. So can't just walk, smoke. So can't just walk, smoke. The gun's a few good. To prepare lots of earth in the gunning sack. Smoke at every day until your long-sale mark. With all the money that we have made, Jamaica doesn't need any foreign aid. American tourists come here and say, Got nothing like this in the US, they smoke. Smoke can't just smoke, smoke. They like up his left hand, smoke. They've been took home today, but they begin to profit, and smoke. Smoke can't just smoke, smoke. Or we're fine. They can't just be good. On the tell us on you are at our stop man. You like to smoke the giant stick whenever you can. Many people come here for miles or ramps. They're biting her for you by the ounce of your gun. A rascal man, say to her, How am I right? They can't just be good tonight, and then they smoke. Smoke can't just smoke, smoke. They like up his left hand, smoke. Smoke can't just smoke, smoke. Smoke can't just smoke, smoke. They're kind of just like, Oh, you can take the trash out of the trailer park, but you can't take the credit card crash out of America's motive. Something like that. One nineteen at five sixty W to QM, here's a lady in Miami, hello. Hi, me, how are you? Yes, man, okay. One time with their first time collar. All right. So I heard that you were railing on secure, so I said I got to get on the phone. Why? I heard you were not too thrilled with the secure singing dial. I love the shekira. I love the shekira. That was just a comedy bit. Okay, we'll see. I obviously missed it. Well, I have to say, Ben, forever. What does that mean? Dolphin, forever. What does that mean? What does that mean? Dolphin forever. Yeah, what does that mean? That means dolphin forever! I love the dolphin's man. It's the fifth of June. I don't care. Are the dolphins playing this week? No, I don't care. It's playing this week. I put this one to dolphin. She's a bit out of. Oh, brother. Five six seven. By the way, speaking of brand greasy, I just read the thing which I had avoided reading like the plague off the internet. He's an asshole. You know that? Brand greasy? This is a kid that got paid $12 million by Denver. He's a little bit more. Turned out to be a bus. He's an asshole. And now he's handling. His agent is training. While they're talking about the teams, and then the go-shesons are getting ugly with the dolphins. I tell him, bye bye. Bye bye sweetheart. Have a good time playing in Minnesota. They're going to hit your going to wind up, huh? They're about to. They're about to what? They're starting to say the dolphins are starting to say that they're talking to this one and talking to that. They're starting to say they're talking to Neil O'Donnell. Good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Just the mad dog had his stomach on yesterday. He was absolutely correct. I heard the beginning of his show. He had his stomach on it. Here's a chance his kid can come in here and try to resurrect his career. Playing the footsteps of where his daddy wanted to. Superboles. Or at least one and a half. And you know, and then where people would love to have him? No. Oh no. It's the agents got to play a hardball. And, uh, well, they're getting ready to just in China. It shouldn't be about money. He's got more money than the right. All of us will see if we live to be 400. But this is what it's been reduced to. And that's why all of us obsession with sports and a people who played. You can take most of them and stick them. Okay. You can stick them right in Sammy's back. And then take the bat and. Right. Because most of them are a bunch of mercenary. It's a certain national hockey. They were shown during a play offs earlier in a play offs. They're talking about, oh, well, you know, the fact they're going to have a lock out for at least one season. Not next season for the season the year after. And it will be no season. And it's not the most of the given. And they're talking about one of these overpaid. I forget which one. I don't want to say because I forget which one of the players. And he's saying, oh, well, how would you like to have somebody restrict the amount of money you can make? Oh, gee, I don't know if somebody want to pay me nine or ten many near to play a game. I guess I probably could live with that. So I'd find a way to scrape through. Especially if the public has to subsidize it. The public has to pay these ridiculous prices for it. And then they wanted to see I can't imagine why nobody's showing up. And the quality sucks that most of these guys are much a mercenary. And so they're mercenaries. They're horrors who sell themselves to the highest guy. They're in bitter, which is okay. But when a public's got a pay for it pay the freight. Then that's where we draw the line. That's where I draw it. tragic. Brian greasy wants this and Brian greasy wants that. And the talks are getting me. Scrow you a Brian. Okay. All-verrated. Highly overrated. Ugly beside. Really ugly. You know what I'm saying? No. He couldn't look Tom Brady's juxtap. You might like to. Here's Tabranier. Hello. Yes. I just finished up a crusade for the homeless. And. Robin Jones. Brian Reverend Jones. Who's all of a sudden moved to Tabranier. Good. Keep moving Reverend. Keep moving. See you in Alabama. Here's plantation. Hello. Yeah. That's a tough call to follow. Yeah. Yeah. Neil. Can you play for all face please? Here's West Palm Beach. Hello. Yes sir. Hello there Neil. Yeah. Speaking. Hi. Nice to hear you. You know you went through about three different subjects by the time I. That's okay. I'm going to call on him anyway. Just go right in. Yeah. If when you played that song, he was neat here in all those old voices. Phil Henry, Rick Riley, Hi Rick. Anyway, you know what? What did you decide about a dog? Are there your partner? Remember you were asking about a dog? Did I have a deadline? I'm going to decide about a dog. I don't know. I just can't listen every day. I didn't know. I haven't decided yet. I'm still mulling it over. I think the answer will be. No. I'm not getting no more dog. Well, you know what? When people were calling and talking about dogs, they were saying, well, you won't this dog is so smart. You want this dog or dog is so smart. Well, you know what? I don't really don't think we want smart dogs for smart pets. Not that hard. We don't have to find the cat box, but because some years ago I worked at Monkey Jungle, the monkeys are smart. And the smarter and animal is, the more destructive it's going to be. Yeah, that's that devious endangered's. That's true. Yeah, I mean, if any don't grab the glasses off your head. Although my men pin was very smart, but he was devious endangered his two. So that doesn't necessarily, it all depends on the individual. It's like people. Some of our devious endangered is like, more for example. Here's a fact that says from Richard, hey, Dick, thanks for the try, Dick evil. Don't know if you ever did a pull on favorite TV. So theme song. Oh, did we ever do shows on it? I got a policy. These behind me there over in the corner up to the ceiling. If not, you can probably get a good list going. How's this first start? Hawaii Fibre? That's all. Okay, thanks Richard. P.S. The mole picture is great. He really is a penis head. Now we're talking. Now there's a response to some. We can. So we'll get rid of the side about fighting your dog. I mean. I asked you one thing. Very cute. Killa crap. Something very important. Yeah. Paper or plastic. Well, to wipe I like paper. Try plastic. Be right back. You can worship off and use it again. Here's Val Harbor. Hello. And the old son. How you doing sir? Hey, the time you get a dog is the time you go back to answer them. Right. Uh-huh. About 30 man. How do you do it? You sure you want to take it anymore? These man. Oh yeah. See, this is what they have left. We need to know. Oh yeah. This is what you get after the. You reach a certain point in the show. Sometimes it's early. They think God was the last hour. It was our gigantic famous one. Now you know why it's a famous one to two hour. It's flaming. 26 after one at 5 60 W to QM. Are you bald? Are you flaming? Do call fast rain. They can't do nothing for you. If you have a sexual performance problem, Flaming you're not. They still can't help you. But if you're stuck in a really crappy, very embarrassing and ponders that end job, then our friends at fast rain with the people you want to be talking to right away. Because fast drink and have you fully trained already for a new high pain computer career in just four short months. That's full rhymes with mo. Call fast rain at 1 866 fast rain. They've got locations all over town. They're in Miami, Kendall, Fort Lauderdale, and Pembroke finds. So pick up the phone right now and say goodbye to your dead end job forever. Call 1 866 fast train. And don't forget fast train offers job placement assistance. Financial aid convenient evening weekend classes. You have no excuses. No mold to stay in the dead end job or can pursue some schmuck for a real puts for an asshole. You know a career is just a phone call and foreshort once away. So jump on that fast train and call fast train today at 1 866 fast train or check them out on the web if you're like at fast train.com. We're sports radio 566, you and you and you and you and you. The suck in already. Oh. Back there. Back there. Back there. Oh. Back there. Oh. Back there. The world is ours. That is little boy. Get anything you want. The statue is down. To dumb it's gone. And now every corner has a shabler run back deck. Most of them are dead back dead. Shop for a scene and hit back dead. Make that oil flow. We're getting that price and gas now low. We're giving him a taste of the vibrancy. We've been practising barrel in an apple's piece back dead. The corporate war is one back dead. We only can't be gone back dead. The world is ours and all. I'll have a bag of deep fried kiddie toes to go. Just like the Mascese and World War II. There was a whole lot of art for the brass to boost back dead. Grab everything you can back dead. Think of you doing that again back dead. Maybe one, two, one. And say, you know what the rattler's for. You want some water? Well now it's ours. We'll sell you a bottle for a nominal chart back dead. We've got the stock in deck, back dead. I ran this going to be next back dead. Now push his gun. That's little boy. Get to anything you want. I'll let you live boy. Get to anything you want. That's little boy. Get to anything you want. I'll get to anything you want. I'll get to that. I'll take out this much. We got this new email set of gun. I'll just go, I'll just go, I'll just go. Rumsfeld and the village people got. This is great. That's got to get on our website. Immediately with not sooner. It will be. Carlos is eating lunch right now. Give him a break. I like the way Rumsfeld's got his hand. I'm putting him there like he's done it all. I like that. A lot of guys going out all for slightly. It looks like it's the new thing. And we got another entry for our contest, which is good. We're still for the hot couples contest. We got the Darren and what's your name? Darren and Holly. Yes. Two pictures for the price of one. Well, you'll pick whichever one you want to stick on there. I know which one you want to stick. But that's great. So we're starting to make a little bit of progress. You don't, you know, it's going to take a while. What's going to take about two, three years? Right. To get back to the way we were. They attended to. Let's have the way we were. Let's sing that. Barbara's Christian. The way we were. Can't stand that cross-eyed bitch with her big nose. With her crappy attitude. Going to be in James Brolin is doing her nose. Because she's old and scanky. Look at my shoe. You think when he was younger, he never would have touched her. Yeah. James Brolin. He was a pretty good looking guy. What was he in? Movie. No, but here's what TV show was Ian James Brolin. I forgot. Come on. Are you serious? I do a lot of drugs. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, what time was that on? Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing Neil? Great. Yeah, I just called in the sea. I don't think or he gave it. You know, I think he's a, he's just a trifectual. He likes to try it. Yeah, he likes to try it all. Try anything. Oh, and also remember Neil. Remember this always remember. We, we, we, we rate most. Okay. Hmm. Well, he was still good after the first part there, you know. And then he tried to like go a little bit too far. He's got a big heart on. Maybe that's the problem. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Here's the poll today. Which of these do you care about most? Got a lot of votes. Somebody must be out there. 694 votes. And this is the second poll. Keep in mind. Remember the first one? Uh huh. That's, uh, which of these broads do you like? I mean, uh, something like that. Which of these do care about the most? We'll go from the bottom. Sammy Sosa uses a cork bat 13. 1.8% a very miniscule number of people care about that. Martha Stewart gets indicted only 20. We know it was coming and screw the rich anyway. We hate her. Is that for Al's real voice? 33. So now we're starting to get to the more important stuff. Well, there really be Middle East peace 81. Is George gay? 90. When is Mo gettin' Can? 151. Well, I'll tell you something. He really, he can hold his own, you know? And where are the weapons of mass destruction? 304% of this audience wants to know where the F are those weapons of mass-epping destruction. Where are they? Anybody know? No. We're working on them. Here's Jupiter. Hello. Yeah. Hey. I think we should send that North Carolina cop that found, uh, Rudolph, over to the mid-E. I'll just find the dog. Send him over to Iraq to look for some weapons, yeah. Oh, then welcome's poop. Well, maybe send him over to Israel. It can find area on other salami sandwich. Or maybe Dick Cheney to find Dick Cheney where he can find Dick, yeah. And I think the fix is in. I think since ABC is broadcast in the cup, the season. Yeah. The final. Then the sound doesn't kind of strange that, uh, that we got the ducks in the final two. Aren't they owned by the same company? Well, I don't want to drop any names because there's nothing worse than the name droper, but I was going to say. I snorke. Yeah. Yeah. I think I saw a set by the way. They've been trying to unload the ducks for a couple of years now, ABC and Disney. And now all of a sudden, I used to just opening up a big mouth about they're going to win in six. I snorke. Yeah. Is it that hot? Yeah. I think you're going to need seven. I don't think I'll win it, but, uh, I just think the little strange that, uh, the season that ducks make the people run to the end of that. They happen to be owned by the same space. There we go. Well, we'll check it out. We'll put, uh, we'll put Chilak on a case. Thanks. Thanks, Pally. How do we ever get an answer from Fat Boy about that question we had? No. He's on it though. The map he's on it. He's on it. Oh, yeah. You find a map of his fat boy's scroll on it. Probably with a goddamn sandwich in each hand. He makes my ice-beam story pillar when significance. He could probably polish your off two half gallons in one sitting. Well, he, I should, I should feel honored to be survived by so many gigantic blobs of, of fat. Because as many sugar problems as much of an existing as I've got, uh, at least that only like 600 pounds, okay? At least that I have to be taken out of the building with a crane. God. So what's the story with him? He's working out of the house, right? Which means what? It's his dream come true. He gets to stay in bed with a phone on his lap and his little ordinary eyes. And then the food brought in and the fat family keeps bringing him food like that. I was on her rattle. Who would I literally had to remove for, with a crane through the roof from his house. The 600 bond guy. Uh, though they're going to put a webcam in there so he can attend the, uh, conference meetings over here. The QAM sales meetings. And he's just going to pick that up. I keep it up, pal. How do you like that? Lame is used at screw-in head for the fact that the log is all screw up and then I don't know what's going on. What? Well, I don't blame the screw-in so much because they always like to spring this crap on her, you know? Nobody ever tells your son. That's probably because nobody wants to go back there, smell of her, you know? Here's Miramar, hello. They're coming with email, a tour. Miramar? Yes, sir. Question for you. I think it was on Tuesday you, uh, we talked about Paul Wolfwitz and, uh, I guess it was with a German newspaper. Right. I just read the, uh, it's correction on that from the Guardian. Yes, they, they said that they misinterpreted his comment in the, uh, Renek correction. Okay, that's why I never heard any more about it. I mean, on the news, sir. Well, yeah, because the guard, well, you wouldn't have heard it on the news anyway. You mean on the American news? I forget about that. You had to be kidding me. All right, because I'm waiting for the impeachment hearing for the game. Oh, you know, something sure this is the best fall I've had in a long time. I mean, seriously. And you know too, right? Right. To, in fact, Bob, Bob Graham said today that his comment was that if it come to find out that they, that they fudged it all about this weapons and mass destruction crap, that Bush is going to have to answer for it. Well, a lot of code for it. If you like the last impeachment hearing, wait to see this one. Well, I think we should have a poll sometime, maybe next week. If it's going to lose their job first, Tony Blair or, uh, let's hear his president. Tony Blair, George W Bush or Mohower David, I like that. Well, that would be pretty good. By the way, my wife and Mrs. Thaga, I'm living in Dianne by the Leafs. Well, mostly Dianne lately. You got it. And they try to talk spail of the comeback out of our retirement again for next year. Come back one more year and he said, no way. Yeah, I think we should bring back Tim Horde and what do you think Tim Horde and Carl Bruer be great. You got it. Tony and their pound of gold leaf soil. Thank you. See at the ACC. See right up here, which is hockey central Toronto and the world is some of you know. I'm sure, uh, their telling you that this is the worst crap they've ever seen. What's the game is turning into that? In fact, some of the comms are saying they should go to four on four hockey all the time. That's just overtime. And I say, yes, that sounds great. Open up the ice man, quit the clutching and the grabbing. Make it exciting. Let's have some seven to six games. Let's have some scoring. Even George, you don't care about hockey or sports. Even he likes to score once every couple of years. Hi, Paulie. Yeah. Uh. Uh. I guess he's comic relief. You know, he really is. When you got that sales department for people we've had back there over the years. He's he's comic relief. Exactly. The QAM curve. It's hard to dislike him for a long period of time. Well, he won't let you. Yeah, that's right. In fact, he's like one of the like a cat. You throw it against the wall. You shove it out the door and it keeps coming back. Like that some, uh, I totally, that's story. Right. I don't want to say it again because they'll get the pita people after night. That's a true story though. I was in summer school in Michigan State. And I'm in Abbott Hall, which was a girls door. I think they knew something. But at the summertime, they turned into a guys door. And anyway, so there's a little cat keeps showing up at my door. And I made the bad mistake the first day. I fed it something. I don't know. And I, and of course, it keeps coming back. And I would pick that thing up and I can't say it because I've said it before, but it's bad. I like even against the wall. Just get out of here. I'm trying to take a nap. And it just, it didn't phase it in the least. It would keep coming back and just, it loved me. Thank God, I guess that's my only pussy story at a pass along, you know? Peter. Oh, they'll be knocking on the door anytime, no those pita people. You did what to a cat? Well, shame on you. We're going to show you a thing or two. Yeah, in fact, I think it's the same cat that went up on my nose head. I believe. Hey, I'll tell you something good for it. That's all you made. I've got some right in the other room. I got some old homemade soft shells for my blood pressure. It's great stuff. And they've got the best olive oil in the world. Inside these little capsules. They're concentrated loaded with health benefits for you. All you made in your system every day can up-produce the risk of heart disease in high cholesterol. And there are 14 different oleomid formulas from which to choose. Each one combining pharmaceutical grade olive oil with vitamins and minerals and herbal to support specific health needs from your bones, your blood pressure to your immune system, and lots more. All you do is pick out the formulas that are right for you and what the areas you want to improve. And now there are three new oleomid formulas. One to help you sleep. One to help you control your weight and sell to you 10 for your heart. So pick some up that you'll find oleomid all over town. Pick some up at publics, records, Walgreens, Whole Food markets, Navarro, Zersonanos, or order oleomid online if you like it. Illuminumuracad.com. If you want information beyond what we just have been telling you, column toll free in 1-866 oleomid in Escalay, Business obligation. 1-866-65363. Don't forget for better health, start popping some oleomid in your foot like right away. Come on, my way. And look, this is 4-3-656. 2-8-8. And... I want much better pants when my career with a life. It's good, get out in one mo. You're not in a way in here. Hey, you want something to heat? But you got nothing. But I can pull something out of my ass. Samoa, I got it going. I'm starting to miss this. You're no kidding? Yeah, I'm going to be a hooker. I'm proud of my bubble. Thanks, ma'am. You sure you're awesome, right? Oh, I can tell you. Hey, what are you trying to do now? Oh, no, no, no, no, no. You're looking about. You just took a place to a playbook there. There's a description, you moron. Oh, no! We're going to come and deduct it. What the fuck? What the fuck? What's that through you? What the fuck? Look, my hair is roping as fuel. My darkest place is a mess. And my underwear smells like hot ballori. I'm not a hair, my favorite show is hot. Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! We got a loser. Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Move, join in this front-westie, and welcome to our party. We're going to be a loser. Ah! Ah! I mean, fuck me. I'd just like to say. That's a lovely dress you got on there, y'all. Oh, no way. Thank you. I am. Oh, hey, what's your free heart on this? I feel like running Thomas Creek. Hey, you! Look! I'm a naked man. You want to make me power? Hands on my mind. Oh, look! You want to make me power? Hands on my mind. Already! I'd bring my heart, and I can beat nowadays, but it somehow that heart is getting tired. Across the day! Why the deprived and cowardice, while still not fighting? Been with you... Nina! Your야? My man, are you wrong to keep up with you? As hell not a single man! You want to not be? Why are you hurting my husband? Is your phone you're blocking his face? Yes! You're a hateull to your husband, in and of like you won't, and that you won't hear in a single woman. Call me back, we're going to get a ride in this bucket, oh! The 사idenel in the rice. Mr. paraniv also. This by now you're doing. All this is terrible. I'm gonna kick his ass and then I'll steal his two pay. 148 and 560 WQAM. I wonder which was Greg and Duffer, when it was when was crying? Horsemeat found in Salami. Food standards, this is in London. Food standards off as you say they'll test Salami's after discovering consumers were unwittingly eating horsemeat. The food standards agency and independent food safety watchdog said it would test more than 100 Salamis. And other processed meats acting. After an informal survey earlier this year found out three of a 24-products tested contained horsemeat was enough and declared as an ingredient. Of the three products found contained horsemeat too came from Belgium and a third from Italy. Hmm. We don't know the, I wonder, in Rico Belydro that horse in the fourth race, the one from Italy? You know, in Rico Belydro? Huh? But we don't know yet the scale of the problem we want to fight out to the agency's head of food labeling Rosemary Ignit. Some people may prefer not to eat these products, even though food safety is not the issue when they're often traditional recipes. Food standards officers said they would also conduct test to find out if any products contained. Donkey Me. Oh God. Agnes said local councils across Britain would collect samples of meats including Pistramy and chorizo from Super Orchestra over the next few months. Oh, chorizo, you know, that's that Argentinian sausage, right? Just Spanish for sausage. Oh, I love that. I had the sum of that. I was one of the few good things I had in Amsterdam. One of the few good sausages. Chorizo, I never had that before. Ever have it? Oh yeah. Pretty good. Yeah. Pretty tasty. Pretty spicy. They give you like little, I don't know, because it's so spicy. Is that little tiny portions? There's different kinds. Like a little small weener. They said, here you go. Here's something you can relate to. We have a weener. I said, guess what? I'm not coming back. You assholes. I'll still believe. Stick it. The guy who called before he gave me the pull for a tomorrow. We haven't finished it yet, but who should lose his job first? I've got four choices already. George W. Bush, Tony Blair, Domarum's filter, Mohour David and we'll add some more on there. And that great? Excellent. I think that's a good pull. Something we ain't never done before. And speaking of be-fold, don't forget to go on our website today. Not only vote on the pull, but also take a look at that award winning picture of the show on all foes. It's a beautiful thing. What I tell you, Mohour practice makes perfect. Here's Voka, hello. Voka. Hello. Yes sir. Oh, I'm on 90 points. I'm on 90 points. Here you are. First of all, Markets Wellby, that's what James Bro and his on. He's even about 30 years ago. That was G.B. So. I call about there. You're investing the, uh, a potting in San Francisco. I just pity the book by the name Schroesor. Very small sir. Right. I'm like, uh, a little underground economy. Did you read that? What was that? It's about three sections. One section. The first section is about potting the pot walls and, uh, and Ed Rosen's, well, the aplurting some mentioned in there several times. It's a very current book. One of the cool things about it is the, uh, many of the men that come on to try to put a bubble away, uh, a couple years ago that were trying to expand their, for the stiff pot walls after their kids got busted. They even mentioned saying some people that are like Bob Barn up Bob Barbara, another one of the 10 words of the hammer. But his kid got busted every saying, we have to put these people who pedal equations to our children and jail forever. His kid, one of the kids got busted carrying 40 pounds of pot across the country. So this guy shows up as a progress can shows up in important the kids and kids get hit and the kids get hit and the kids get hit and the kids get hit and make them part of taking 3,000 pounds across. They ended up giving them only 2 years that they wouldn't give them that much, but the, uh, violators is, uh, they all three times by doing cocaine. And so Bob, if the progress wins in, uh, the sitting, cleaning, he'd be with the judge in the tears saying, he's such a, he's a good boy. He's a, he's a, he has a good party. He didn't really mean it could be a piece of the break. You know, he's a good free train. Yeah, well, that's the exact way, it shows the, you know, the progress the other book that's uh... these are both on the new york times uh... non-fiction bestseller list right now it's the the guy right for the guardian that uh... all man i think it is they start with a p into the number six of seven on the list he uh... he writes about the bush senior and how after bush senior got out of uh... obissel like the uh... uh... the the uh... uh... and the the bush family is gotten over the year as this guy is a uh... i think it's brought in the observer he's been in my driver's uh... uh... uh... the top ten uh... this week of the book review you'll see it uh... it's i think i think we'll have to drive in slips on my mind i get some to roll the bike i remember park as well there you go need to hold the river and we're in a time war pluck over the river i think it's okay i'll go up to love these two five thanks one fifty three five sixty wq a and and this is four three five sixty two uh... from the producers of the iMac war all wolf who said pro role presents bush nine eleven our fearless hero starting rather do well as color role they hit the towers at the unaclockless morning and no gifts as our glorious and fearless leader for life those bastards to the kids i'll reach home at another time is it a pain my face blue you're also time for me to leap into action boom boom stop right there you will do it you to a later glory as me and millions of now they're not all jump through a way to learn to those animals there was a brought to justice boom all the facts and every day tell carefully calculated to keep you of yours bush nine eleven our fearless hero only on show time one fifty seven five sixty wq a mad dog two to four here's a lady in sunrise hello meal yes man i have a good so let's see more half-man film for you okay called love lies are heavy seen at one no all this is it's very intense he becomes a helper he starts niffin gasoline after his wife passed away and it's just one of there's area and a hoffington in it it's just despair it's like wrecking him in that way oh brother yeah why but check it did you see me again yeah i did i like it you like it i like it i like it George the i like it he said he said there were too many loose ends no no i like the ending because i like it yeah it was it just the message of the movie is that a bunch of weird crap happens that's all or is that i mean i mean what's the point of going to each one of the nine different uh... story lines in like having a wrap them all up we we get the message and there's really nothing redeeming about it except you know sometimes life sucks right exactly and sometimes frogs fall out of the sky thanks okay no great thing anyway the poll today this was a pretty interesting show we were like all over the place i enjoyed this today immensely didn't you it was okay it was a little spastic on your and it was okay it was four hours it was four hours you were taking you were taking a couple minutes i thought it was just fine i read the uh... brand greasy story out of the heroly rewritten which i don't want to talk about it because it's a sports thing but money is the issue which is very sad the compensation package you see that boner boy well not this story but i know that was the bone of contention was the uh... just nauseating you know kid that could all that money who's got marginal talent at the best get another chance right there in his uh... escrowia scrabrine 750 votes on a pool which of these new care about most where the weapons of mass destruction three hundred and thirty forty four percent where the hell are they we want to know mole oh speaking that when his mo get in can hundred fifty six one and oh is your jade ninety six where the uh... will there really be middle east peace ninety three is that perils real voice thirty seven martha steward gets indicted twenty two and it pleases me more than i can begin to tell you in last place the least amount of interest by far fourteen people 1.8 percent give a flying crap about whether set me to use the cork bat or not.