Well, so listen now you're picking on that guy. He has some interesting points about Mo. 5 6 7 0 5 you got that down Carlos. Four Carlos he came in late today because he had to pick up his illegally enough you. What the raft come in. Yeah, it was going to deport him. Oh, he actually took him back down to the raft to long drive to the keys, you know. And the other doing a little white water racking this weekend. And so he comes in like just before 9 o'clock and we got even in bedtime stores on there, where it's probably aren't even on there yet. I would imagine are they half of them are and the other the rest of them will be up at about 30 seconds. Yeah, let me take a look. I don't see any of them. And I see all the old stuff from my yesterday. We fresh in there. They're just relax. Have just looked at it and bust your balls a little bit okay for the finding. This is the only guy like we totally to wash his balls in the sink at the QAM. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T for rising line. We've got double barrels today. Man, we got like. Who could a price of one? One thing you can say about this show whether they like it or hate it. The price continues to be right. Nice checking the back yesterday. By the way, here's pepper pines. Hello. Timber pines. Yes, sir. Two things. Mo comment, but first for your poll. Feelings by Morris. That's the group when they came to my mind. The winner. That could be the winner right there. That was a more sour. More sour. Oh my god. That's one of somebody else to say that. That's one. Everybody like, like, mocks. Did you know, it's just a grotesque. They killed it. Yeah, they've put you to it. And I wasn't that good in the first place. Also, the most comment is the problem with him is he thinks he's the ultimate authority on everything. That's awful. And the way he talks down to the audiences, what you're saying? Exactly. Thank you, sir. You're welcome. I think he had his thumb on it. Don't you? He's a little bit kind of sending. You know, I'm saying a little bit kind of sending. Maybe you're out of light. Now just a little bit not be quite so goddamn mad dog. Mad dog. Come out of everything. If you go my drift. Okay. Feelings by Morris Albert. Why I look at this. I've got a long time on our and plus to get there. I was born that came to my mind. But wow, that's going to give Debbie Boone. And you let up my life a real round. And now this is one we will put this on our level. Okay. Because we were already battered. Mo pretty good. Oh, breaded and battered. Hey, listen, while let me say this, Mo, you can't. You can't point it. I only wish that the other people on a radio station would talk about me and about this show as much as we talk about him. Okay. Believe me. Once in a great while, I mean, thank those fairly regular. In fact, Hank, even talked about the the city's pool. We did last week. Remember that the one day. Yeah. And the mad dog, he picked up on the the one about the hot looking chicks. And he said, oh, Grace Kelly, two, two pristine looking for me. You know, what is that all about? I don't know. Is there such a thing? I don't know. Yeah, he likes to slump. I mean, Britney's a slump, but she's pristine looking. Yeah. So you don't have to be like sludgy looking, but I guess if anybody likes red or fun brown, I mean, what is there's another reason he might not like Grace Kelly. And what's that? I'm a homo. I know not Hank didn't say that mad dog. Oh, I'm sorry. Jesus, oh, you're fucking out. I'm walking out. I'm walking out ladies and gentlemen. I'm leaving. What are you trying to do here today? You're just just, uh, I'm talking about him. Like you said, brain and all. No, I said, Hank picked up the pool. We did on the cities. I know the great, the most overrated city. Oh, we don't have a drop of managed saying that. Well, we have something. We are must. We haven't saying everything else. We haven't said every other guy did. And I hear it as women. Oh, like naked guy. There you go. That's managed to do. That's not to the real one. It's Scotty Maggi. Yeah. And I'm and it's so to speak. And then I want to bang in the butt. See, that could be construed when we was talking about the old woman. Anyway, 20. The past 10. I mean, we got everything. We got 75 million of these in here. No matter what it is, we even got Joe Rose. If you want to get carried away. I like the we we see. 28 past 10 at five 60 QM. If you spent the whole year last year avoiding mirrors, because you don't want to see that big gross, ugly ballspot. Make this deer that you get your hair back. And we're talking about great looking here. Look on a QM website. Take a look at Mo on his anniversary. Oh, my god. You're just crap your pants. But the answer is not the somehow she's looking here. Peace. Not some dead animal on your top of your head. Not holes drilled in your head. Not dangerous pills that make you sick and don't grow one follicle back. But Charles Alfie is natural hairline system. That's why Charlie's been around so long. Because he always uses the latest technology. And he produces sensational results for those who need a lot. Or just a little bit more here with the most amazing natural hairline available. And that's what it's all about. We see natural hairline because it looks like the hair is really grown out of your scalp. Instead of some grow testily straw that somebody laid on your head like a straw Charlie's been doing it for the famous and the not so famous for 25 years because his system is affordable. And if you mention the arages when you call him not an extra 200 bucks off the already low price. Charlie also services and repairs all kinds of hair systems while you wait for only 25 or 30 bucks. You have nothing lose but that ball spot because Charlie has that 30 day guarantee. If you were to hear for 30 days and don't love the way it looks and feels and smells. If you're not getting laid at least 5 10 15 20 times a day. Charlie give you a full refund. Call him toll free tell that Neil Tordidik call 1 800 321 24 13. 1 800 321 24 13 or log onto their website at Charles Alphayary.com. Holy cow, Aaron's coming. My vagina really gets my panties and a watt. Mops, snuggles into his king's eyes bed with warm milk and cookies and interviews some of howling was hottest young celebrity. And no, this is Michael Jackson in bed with an Oscar nominee who was currently starring as the voice of Mulberry and Disney's new animated adventure the general book too. Please welcome my special guest in my bed. Hail your eyes man. Do we have to do this in your bed? It's in this it's very charming. I let my children sleep with Barry Gib. Oh, so tell me, Harry, to Osmere. How was it working with loveable bear below? He's not real Michael. He's a cartoon voice by John Goodman. Hey, look what I could do with this. You never know who's gonna be sleeping in Michael's bed. I'm here with my next guest. No go love in my bed. It's a big TV star. The child who plays simple, it's a son and in my TV blue. Hello child who plays simple, it's a son and in my TV blue. By my eye. Would you like to play a game child who plays simple, it's a son and in my TV blue? Sure. Put put on this mask. I'm giving so much fun. Me and my children play this game with Barry Gib all the time. Oh, put the mask on. I play fire around. Touch this one time. Oh, oh. So grab some warm milk and cookies and join Waccoghacko for some late night TV like you've never seen before. I'm just kidding with Michael Jackson. Weaknight Sunfawks. Huge conventional bomb to be tested today. Guess where. I give up on eggland Air Force Base in Florida. Oh. Oh. Air Force Officials more and Florida Panhandle residents of test and a gigantic explosion. So if you're a big bomb, you'll know that the world isn't coming to win and we don't think. How do you like that? Thanks, sense. They're going to drop it on Florida. Up in a pan out of which we should be making fun of that because probably we got people listening who got kids going to F.S. and you. Yeah. When you think you think and maybe we have like relatives have can folks up there. All the maybe we got some people have can folks up there. Got a lot of money and they're thinking. Oh, right. Oh, yeah. Five six seven. Oh five sixty. Huh. Five sixty on a year. Look at that. There it is right on the CNN. Four Walton Beach. A rumor there for Space just needs to press the cola. Can quite frantically. This is one of two weapons between noon and five by the way. It's a guy who's specifically for use in Iraq. They'd like to try out some new things if they can make it work. This one looks like it's going to be first in line. If they can make it work and if there's like a little if there are a few miles, there goes the state capital. 390 votes on a poll is a more Howard David is first anniversary on a QM morning show. How do you rate his performance and we've only got another 24 minutes for this one. The level change is the pool. 390 votes a stellar turnout. A disaster the worst 144 36.9 percent. Keeps coming down though, you notice? Yeah. Who's more Howard David at 108? Week I rarely listen 89. Okay, I do listen 37 and outstanding and it is mild like test-to-field queens and it's changing I'm stalling out 12. So 36.9 percent say the ZAC to the worst outstanding 12 3 percent. Here's a call from Hallendale. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes sir man. Hi. I have one for your for your poll. I will always love you by Whitney Houston. Yeah. Okay. All right, I never saw the movie because I hated the song so much. I don't play me. Thank you. All right. Thank you. I will always love you by Whitney Houston. I think I know that song. Yeah. I do. I'm not going to sing it. Come on. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon I do know that song. I'm thinking about little slow on songs like that that I've tried to get out of my mind. In fact, I'm hoping next time if I have another one as little strokes I'm going to spot where those songs are all hiding. Oh, wouldn't that be nice if you could selectively go over this? Just pick a spot, you know? Yeah. Memories about certain radio people that you've worked for, places that you've been, people are working in a morning on your station. Sorry, Mo. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. How do you go? Okay. I got a couple for the poll. You can pick which one is the worst. The do I think is the tie. Key Largo by Birdie Higgins. Do you remember that one? No. No. We had it all. Just like Boogie and the call. Oh, oh. Yeah, you're right. Oh, God. And the night Chicago died, which I haven't had. That's good. That was overplayed to the point of nausea. Absolutely. So he didn't want to let us do this whole thing. Thanks a lot. You're the man, right? Okay. Well, let's put them both on it. Who's that five that I Chicago died? Paper, paper, lace. Beat you. Move to that. That's so tie. But the way to tie. And the board goes back. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T. And see that we got that baseball game within and so no mad dog today. Well, he's got a tough schedule. You know what I'm saying? I just got an air mad dog. He's probably with his lawyers today. It made a file I'm massive lawsuit. Here's a lady in Cooper City. Hello. Hi, I'm Gomeo. How are you? Great. How you doing? I'm doing good. I got a song that just could make your toes curl. Paul Anke is having my baby. Oh, God. Oh, my God. I'm not standing choice. I'm not to make you want to have an abortion. Yes, man. I've got almost got off of song. It doesn't win. I could not tell you what other song was. I can prevent that. Thank you, sweetheart. Thank you, sweetheart. I love you. And I have a great day. You too. Bye. Bye. This is as close as we can come. Oh, if you would have let it go. I could have hit the post. You hit it. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T. Paul Anke's Canadian by the way. Did you know that? Did not. He's a vile. I think Lebanese are Syrian. I think Lebanese descent. But from Canada, they had his biography on the other day too. I shut her right off. Does he have an H and his name somewhere? Is it just an ANK? Paul Hanker? Yeah. Here's both. Hello. How are you doing? I'm coming. Okay, sir. Two things. Nomination for worse song has to be celebrated here by cool in the gang. Every damn wedding since 1978 is flat dead song. I'm surprised we haven't gotten to a very glitter yet. It's celebration has to be the worst. And I believe it or not, I'm Mr. Rose and those guys. Those guys will fund the listen to now. I listen to actually NPR rather than Mow. That's how we played Mow is. Oh my God. Wow. You ain't kidding. I only listen. I voted rarely listen because I have to get some sports out of it. But just on Mow's marriage alone. Sorry, buddy. Okay, thanks for the bad news. Alright. Like I said, thanks for the good news. 409 votes. Can you believe that? Yeah. Wow. Our shocker from the old Cocker, who's hanging around some sports. Guys locked. We're trying to grab the Reigns knockers. Okay. Ah. Now we're good. Yeah, I see that sound. It's nice to be. Not only is it used that every guy that's sporting event to the pub where you want to just puke your guts on. It just goes strangle a guy that's doing the sound. It's that sour. Oh, it's just an awful, awful thing. It's a horrible. Oh, you're wrong. Me. Let's a lot of fun. Hey, hey, hey. Right. How did people ever enjoy a sporting event when all this can drive bull crap? You know, because the sporting event was a lot better by then. Fear. Yeah, without 14 beers. 10 41 at 5.60 W to QM. Another year has come and gone and you folks still haven't done the right thing. Well, this year's start making yourself smart like me. Over 20 years, I've been using the best in the business to clean my carpets and make them look just like brand new. You ought to be doing the same thing starting like right now. Do your spring house cleaning with our friends at Drive Concepts because they're the only service in the universe that dry clean your carpets. It's exclusive pattern method. It sucks out even the deepest or way way down there in the five is your carpeting, which leaves them looking and spelling 11 fresh, just like brand new. And they're trying a couple of hours and you'll walk around the house and say, I just cannot believe. If you never used to be for you, so I can't believe how great my carpets look. Many of you did use them in the past like I've done. Every time they leave you just shake your head in the basement at how stupid as they do for you. They leave your carpets who are free, vibrant and colourful and softer than touch as well. So when it's time to clean your carpets, you're a poultry and leather furniture, those expensive area runs, these are the people who every time will do a stupidious job for it, a guaranteed written price that they give you before they start the work. If you have problems with pet orders or mildew orders caused by water damage, no problem no way if they're magic thing and dry concepts will make them look and smell this like brand new. To do this up a favorite try these folks once, you'd never dream of calling anybody else. Dry concepts call them toll free at 1-800-248-5071-248-5071 or log out of their website at www.dryconcepts.com. Don't forget, when you used dry concepts clean today, you can entertain tonight. My local, we're sports radio 560-US, UAEM. On baby, comply with these cities most people are unaware that they have 7-10 pounds of compressed human waste packed in their bowel or tube. FVC's hard pack in your bowel is right now. Pounds and pounds of greasy, filthy, dung, tightly packed snugly inside your body. Your intestines are lined with grease, mucus, undi tested beef fat, hair, oil, and a cheesy substance known as skin problem. Until now there was nothing that could be done, introducing be clean, an all-natural supplement that will within three days have you defecating your stale sour musty tar-like ropes of manure making you feel lighter and healthier than you have in years. All this toll-free number now for a free video and see for yourself an actual patient. Let loose his slippery, repugged it wall of bowel sludge in the comfort of your own home. Call today. 1046-56-256. I'm going to wait until noon for that one. Yeah, I was thinking that's a good lead up to lunchtime for all our dining people out there. We got so many fat people. Let's play that every day between like 11 and noon. Right before a lunchtime. You know, it's amazing because Mo did say this morning, he has no detractors outside the radio station only when he walks through that door. When he walks through that or that's when all the problems go all the negativity. But outside, he don't have any detractors. I guess he ain't talking to the same people that I'm hearing from, but anyway, or that you're talking to or anybody else. How's the rain doing? 440 votes look at that and 36.8% say it is zaster. The worst they've ever heard in their lives. A mitigated disaster. Nice going, Greg. Here's a call for Minneapolis, hello. Good morning on Columbia. Yes, yes, I call. Thanks for having me back. To put on the poll. Okay. How about afternoon delight by the starlight on vocal band? Very good choice. Yes. The captain to Neil, bit a great one called Muscratt Love, which will really make you nauseous. And I think Henry grows to think it's on the bottle of water dog, call Shannon and I'll pray you'll put you to sleep, making nauseous, don't bring up any lunch, which you haven't had tough time with. It's true. Sharon by Henry grows. Yeah. Shannon. Yeah, I don't remember her there. He sings about a dog that's gotten lost out to see and he's kind and well and then complain about the event. Yeah, it'll get up. And you'll regret it. Have a listening to it. Did you get up so to speak? Okay, thanks. All right. See ya. Shannon, what was the other one? Justin and Delight starlight vocal band. Plus crap. Well, I'm not writing these down anymore. Justin and I like, I'll buy a captain in the Schlemiel. Yeah. 567. 560. Pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. That was up 9.73 points. And as they're up 3.44, they're still both in the crapper. And I was well on the 7600 and as they're under 1,300. They still suck big lemons. Merchant airlines just over two bucks a share. Oh my god. Water buy some stock? No. Come on. How lots of shithorish. Here's a call from Bokeh. Hello. Bokeh. Yes sir. Hi. You look at your favorite song that you hate the most. Yeah. You'll be up on a cup by the frondage. Oh yeah, right. Oh my god. How can I forget that? Yeah. Yeah, because I'm out of town. I'm listening to magic. Hey, it was great to talk to you. It was just the everyday. I should have reminded you. I'm going to point some reason on the radio. Thanks a trillion. Thanks, Leo. Bye. Same good and Alzheimer's now. I forgot to build me a buttercup by the foundations. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh, nauseating. The most annoying song of all time. And of course you didn't thank the radio stations. The one-dimensional stations for making songs even more annoying than they really are. There was a lot of these songs. If you just heard them a few times, you can just not just another song. You know, take it or leave it. Like blue velvet by Bob Vienten. I can leave it. Blue velvet. Of course nobody plays that anymore. Thank god. Find a wheel and it goes round. Huh? Pretty annoying. Perry, come on. Perry, freaking, come on. Who is living up there in Boko? Far and the. I'm going to go round. It goes round. It goes round. What is he good for a dead guy? Yeah, get rid of him. Oh, poor dead babies. He must be really lonely. Oh. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 50, 60. On the AT&T line. Here's Boko. Hello. Boko. Yes sir. Hello, you. How you doing? I can't go until 4 o'clock. So I'd like to say something about go Howard. And that is shot. And then I. Oh, is he done? Where the hell was he? What line was he on? I don't know. Well, whatever whatever it is too late now. See when he has a tape like that, I got a real. A real itchy finger man. Kind of like the doots. I have an itchy finger. He's still in my need. I got him back. Oh, he is on my need? Okay, well, excuse me very much sir, but I like to be quick, you know. Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, I can't. I can't go until 4 o'clock. So my boat or boat Howard is. Yeah. Yeah. And the most annoying song that I think of is by Bobbie McFerraner that don't worry. Be happy. We got to thank you very much sir. Thank you. And try to keep your lunch down. Oh, my gosh. That's what I have to make you want to go down and blow up the whole island. Yeah. And if I wanted to test those, I shouldn't say that. That's fair. We got a lot of listeners over there in the islands, but they are going to be dropping a gigantic bomb. Yeah. And it will not be a test. Do you want to put a real thing? Yeah. I think a little bit of a hummus. Payback is a bitch. Yeah. That's right. Ripping off all the Americans treating us like crap. Taking all of our harder and money and just jowging the crap of the American public. Just because we live in the end of the thought state where we can't have gambling the way we like. But you're a little bit honest, but I said earlier, punishments worse than death. Yeah. That was excellent. That was almost not quite. But it was almost as good as angst. And trust. 560560. 560. We're getting to the end on this first poll here. And I'm thinking maybe we ought to start doing this every day. Do you like kind of a programming oriented topical? Do you understand? Yeah. Like a current kind of a thing. Like who do we despise today the most kind of a poll? And then like build on the other one. Right. And this seems to be in spite of the poll we took last week. When they said they hated this like poison. At least it'll let us to take phenomenal response. That's all we care about. We don't care if listeners are like plucking their eyeballs out with their fingers. We don't care about that. Do we know? We want to make it like nice and easy. We want to do a cop out like that bit says. It's a cop out. It's you know, we're too lazy to do the other stuff. Isn't that what it is? Well it'd be nice if we got some real calls that said something. Right. So what's the point? What's the point of beating our heads against the brick-fricot wall? Try to change the world which we're not going to do. Or we're talking to a bunch of people that don't want that in the first place. They could listen to Randy. She's going to say the world. There you go. Or they listen to the largest. He's going to make up a bunch of right wing crap. We're not interested. Oh, look at this. Oh, look at this. Mow is doing such a nice job here toward the end. As he's cutting it down under 37% now. 36.6% saying it is after the worst. He started out like almost 40% and he's brought that number down to a very disrespectful 36.6% out of 453 votes. You realize that we're going to come close. So not going to do it by 11. We're going to come close to five of our votes in two hours. And then in our 40 minutes. Aren't you shocked? Yeah. And I'm amazed at the power of Moa. If he could get numbers as big as this, we'd really have something going on in station. Impressive. I want to got seven minutes to go on the Moa pool. So you better get with it. Okay. And he or I'll choose.com. Hop on it. Here's a call from beautiful West Palm Beach, though. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. How are you? Great. Long time listener first time caller. I'm a Julio from West Palm. All right. I just got to tell you that Moa Howard David is fucked. Really? Yeah. We need to bring back beef. I think. No, no, no, no, no. If a lot of rumors about that, you know. Like the manual, no, we say that they just crack out the, get the checkbook out and make a nice check. Yeah, there you go. And for your song, Paul, I just think that anything by Michael Paul makes me vomit. Yeah, somebody said that earlier. There must be a song. All right. I better. Hello. This pick one of his. Let me just pick one out. Okay, your phone's cracking up. Thanks a lot. All right. Love you and George played off each other. Thank you. All right. You say, let's go. We play with each other. Well, I think anybody knew. I'm doing that. See, what am I looking for? Michael Bowlton. Charlie, make you a few. Like they did. We played a pick. Oh, yes. So many. I know. What was the one that he ripped off? I'm sorry. What was one of the ones that he ripped off? Sitting on the back of the bay? No. I was out to you. I was number one. Oh, that's how many be yours. When I'm back in my feet again, love is a wonderful thing. When a man loves a woman, stole that from Percy Slay. I never gave him credit either. Time, love, and tenonist love is a watch to that. George out of my mind. He stole everybody. Go the distance. I will go the business. Without you, I think is the king of all. Okay. And we're number one for three weeks. And he played it so many times on the coast. On the coast. Caterwalling. Caterwalling. Kind of like, what's your name? Whitney. Maybe like Whitney on passions. So you still haven't seen, uh, what's the name of it? She got six votes. Sheridan from passions. She got six votes. And she's still getting chased all around hospital. Well, finally yesterday at the end of the show, which they'll see today. Miguel grabs the white hair nurse, but I have a feeling he was chasing, uh, Beth all around a hospital. And he caught up to some of white herders. But I think when we any has this amazed look on his face, his shot. That's going to be some old bag. It will not be Beth. Make no mistake about that. That'd be too easy. 560. Here's Wolfowitz. The war would be the liberator. Rack is what he said. Right. We're so concerned about those poor, rocky people are living under repression under this terrible Tyrant. We're going to liberate them from life. Right. We're going to liberate them from all that reading all that is stale air. Mm-hmm. They're going to liberate all the people in Cuba and Iran and North Korea and in Sudan and Libya and Syria and Egypt and Saudi Arabia and all these other grotesic places. Where people, you know, the amazing thing is Stalin who killed millions of his own people who had the biggest arsenal of nuclear weapons to anybody in the world besides us. Mm-hmm. And somehow we managed the cold war, you know, that went out for years and years. Somehow we managed to stale our lives. We didn't have to fight any war. We didn't have to like challenge him to like show down. And when we didn't have to show it on finally, you know, it was after Stalin. We had to show it on with the Ruskies. It was like, uh, Kennedy, you know, blank them in the iron they turned back. Right. Other than that, we didn't have any wars over any of it. And so if it's got to be weapons of mass destruction, I hate to break the news. Yeah. 911 is just an excuse for this bullcraft, okay? Okay. Our rack doesn't represent any threat to us whatsoever. None. Look at my count my fingers. I'm holding up a big. Oh, okay. A big war was just like a... Black dumb ass. What? Isn't it ironic that the evil Ruskies are the voice of reason right now? Yeah, isn't that something? Of course they like the oil trade they got with the rat. So that's the side of the fore. So does the other one oil. So does the other that like the oil trade that he's going to get? Are you picking on W again? Yeah. Good. 1057 at 560 WQA. I'm Hannah. I want to tell you about a fantastic place. You can go and forget about all these problems. Man, the high price against the impending war. All of these negative things the way they caught a market is in a crapper. Just go to the Emerald Coast. I guarantee you have a big meal there. We've spent a lot of time in the crapper because you're probably eaten up for five people. But the food is delicious. The prices right. They've got three different locations for you. They're in sunrise north on the beach. They're in the north location in Pemberg Pine. Start out your feast with any or all of six different delicious soups like a wanton soup. And then sampled dozens and dozens of delicious on trays. They have Oriental Surf and Surf on a weekend. And New York Stiffstag made a warning their gourmet set of a sizzling Asian grill featuring Kariaki steak shrimp chicken seafood handcar. Primer. The Emerald Coast promotes healthy living. Two lot of Chinese restaurants who walk out with the pounding headache. Emerald Coast you'll just walk out with a big satisfied smile on your post because they use no MSG, no cornstarchs and they cook everything with only cholesterol free oils. There's a faith features a full salad bar, a new sushi bar first from cocktail. And don't forget Emerald Coast famous lobster fest is back as I speak featuring lobster Terminers and lobster bisc. One requirement being a big healthy appetite and save room for dessert. They've got a great dessert bar featuring pies and cakes, pastries ice cream and Laudio favorite toppings and fresh fruit. The perfect ending were real pig out. You'll find Emerald Coast in sunrise on the corner of Pine Island of 44th Street just out the corner. Collins Avenue just north of 160 to north Miami Beach and at the end of 6th of the 19th of November, Croats in Pembroke Pines. The accept reservations take out delivery available to call the Emerald Coast for more than 9.54, 5.723822, 9.545723822 for an unforgettable feast. It's always the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet. My life and love. Sixth is 4.356. You may have. I'm getting proud. I don't find it too personal to share with you that I'm taking maximum prosthetic really formula. If I could just convince one of you to take it then it'll be well worth it. I'm National Talk Show host George Bell of shortest shore and I have a prostate the size of my fist. If you're like me, you make frequent trips to the bathroom. You have hesitancy and a baseball size rock up your patuity that quite frankly makes it hard to sit down. Well now there's hope. Maximum prostate relief formula was developed by World Rebound Dr. Pilesky. And if you order two bottles of maximum prostate relief formula, he'll send you two bottles of his libido med dysformula. Free. That's FRE. With the two combined all natural medications you'll shrink one end while enlarging the other. What a deal huh? Call the toll free number today. And be sure to listen to short to short tonight where my guest will be Earl C. Hogan, who will talk about life on Mars and how he believes visitors from other planets, and a robot anal canals to learn more about prostate health. Call today. Back to them. 11.03.05.06.20.00. 484 votes. We can't read them close to five learned. Didn't we? Well we could leave it on there until as we close out the first pool of the day. On all pool Tuesday. Come on. Let's go. I'm trying to refresh you. What do we have for me? Six. It's more Howard David. It's first anniversary of the QM morning show today. We wish him well a sea of departure. How do you rate his performance? A disaster, the worst, 187% say the worst. Who's more how are dividend? 137 of you say that, 28.1%. Week, I rarely listen to 112, 23%. Okay, I listen, 42, 8.6% and out-eping standing, 15, 3%. So you put those two really positive ones on there. And you got 11.6%, which is kind of like, not all that enthusiastic, you know what I'm saying? Oh, I speak of not enthusiastic. Look at the, uh, ready arrows on the market now. Oh, no, that's gotta be mistaken. That was down 23 and the next, down 2, as the chicken ox continued rambling on and carrying out a bunch of cram. Like, Paul Wolfowitz. So they finally got his ass off in early on. Harris is on the top, tells us about Kirby, uh, puck it. This could probably change one more time, you right? Let's see how close we get to 500. Before we take it off at our Eric, let's not do anything hasty. 486 and now it's, uh, now it's what you got. 87. I'm proud to change it and won't it won't to refresh? You can do it. All I have is my clock. I don't have it here. I guess he's already done it. Okay, so now we get to the important part of the alert is 37.2% out of the, uh, worst. Well, 497, oh, we definitely are going to do it. I mean, what the hell, I might as well, right? Right? Might as well get up to a nice even 500 of votes. We got 497 on there right now. We can go to the next break. I like five more minutes. It's okay. Just, I know I should calm down. But it is exciting to see it's good over to 500 mark and considerably less than two hours. Not as fun as watching your old dollar turnover. No, you're right. That is thrilling. Here's for a lot of day. Hello. And yeah, especially when it's in six digits. Yes, sir. That I don't have the song without you mentioned, but how about Dr. Shane? Oh, yes. Dr. Hunky Shane? Yeah, he is, uh, him and the song. The worst and the singer is too. Right. God bless America. Thank you, sir. Dr. Shane, way Newton. Just this one time. And why is it so slow now? I think you're like overloading it. They're all trying to get in the right line. I don't know. Oh, 507. That's why. Oh, go. 507. Wow. Moe Howard David a disaster. The worst 189 and 37.2% this is the final total. Who's Moe Howard David in 142? Week. I really listen 117. Okay. I listen 42. 8.2% and outstanding outfing standing 17 3.3. See, there's last three. 11.5, which leaves 88.5, right? Percent. Okay. Okay. That's it, Eric. Let's get that off of there because it's kind of embarrassing if you ask me. Uh-huh. Wow. Pretty weak, Moe. You got a lot of work ahead of you because Greg is pretty. In fact, the last time Greg threw anybody out of the bus and print like that. It was the first team. Mm-hmm. You don't understand? Oh my god. I don't want to get him nervous or anything like that. That was the year and a half ago we threw them out of the bus before you knew it. They were like, right off the door. I absolutely want to puke. I don't blame you. By the way, Deepo, all is forgiving Greg wants you back, bad. Here's West Palm Beach, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Okay. One for the pull. You know what the problem with Deepo was? He was like, You can kill her. Go ahead, sir. I'm sorry. I'm going to call out a song. Yes. Now what was that song? It'd be like, you could love, ah, ah, who did that? I don't even know what to say. That's not, that was the name of it. Was it? No, it was called the pinnacle a lot of song. Oh really? It'll come to me who did it. That one other nasty was torn between two lovers. But uh, yeah, that's pretty weak. Okay, thank you. Anyway, Rooka, get your tongue out billboards. You guys have a few, how can you all junction with two gas stations afford like 30 of them along the turn of the night? Cal Pastries. Exactly. And what's our more clear channel billboards? The Clarechannel written on it. Well, that's because they own them. They own the company that owns the billboards. So it's the right price. Okay. Thanks. Thank you. Pinker Colotta song. Let's see. Uh, you know what it's really called? Rooka Holds? Yeah, that's it. Escape. Escape. Is that who done it? Rooka Holds. Who told you that? Carlos. The internet. Uh, see that's no fair. That's that would be like me looking up in the book. Which I'm doing right now. Escape. Uh, uh, Escapade Janet Jackson. Uh, uh, Escape. They ping a Colotta song by Rooka Holds. And his brother Shalak. Yeah, that's a, it's a nasty little song. It's annoying aggravating. And those are the kind of songs that they play. Oh, I said another one just came to me. Uh-huh. Oh, get the, how many we're going to have on here? Like about 500? About 30 man. Haha. Uh. Your, you'll agree with me when I tell you this and I can't believe we've been going this far without having this one on the list. Mongo, Jerry. Oh, summertime in the summertime. I think we did much worse on the y'all on the list. But it belongs on there. You don't think that's one of the all-time most annoying songs. Yeah, and talk about playing an into the freaking ground man from the time The sun comes out which inforters all year round. Jesus! Oh! Now what is that? It's a... It's a parody. What is that called? In the summertime. It is, yeah. I don't know even the way he had that. There. That's because it came in. The foundation gets warm. In the summertime? We were here. That's why I never knew that we had him first place. In the summertime. When the weather is high, you can hit the beat. See some acid and thigh. In the summertime. When we get my women, you got women on your body. Oh my god, thank the Lord. I never knew we had that. Not that it would have played it. Stuff that I put our heads together. I think we came up with one. You put your heads together. I don't want to know about it. Come on, I lean. Oh! Oh! That, I mean, I... I don't want to go to the voting court. I almost fell over here. That was what that's my first. That's she here. Midnight rum runners. Right. Well, you have a don't you remember when we did the one hit wonders? Yeah. And they liked that side. Well, what do they know? In fact, you know something I think during the break, I might be able to find that. I have it up, believe. Isn't that disgusting? Don't you remember when I was in waste at all that money on that garbage? We did the one hit wonders. Wait, it's you'll be pleased to know. I still have all that one hit wonder stuff around here somewhere. And my one of my drawers. I got it in my drawers. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Maybe that's the song. What is that? The phone? Hold me. You were education can. Oh, no, that's a hack. That was great. Ronald Hold listening to Ronald Hold music. And we're saying, what is that song? It was pretty annoying to us. Okay, whoever the asshole was to put us on hold. Shame on you. Shame on you. Now what's the one that you would up came up with? Come on, I lean. Oh, Dexie's midnight runners. Don't let me forget to find that. We'll play at least 20 30 seconds of it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Now what does that mean? Help no pull. What does that mean? Oh, you haven't a fact, can I know? You haven't a fact, didn't the update the end? I'm going to email you hold this. I've typed it all up for me. No, you can't do that. Why not? We have to get started now. You have a clown. That's what we're talking about. You see the little, uh, the little, uh, the little finger. It's done. Let's get with it. He's going to have to do this. See, this should be like instantaneous. As soon as the mole one disappears, but I'm being, you know what I'm saying? But you guys keep holding back on Eric because you want to make him look bad. Yeah. Is that what it's all about? Sure. Now if I should just hold the pole, why don't you just fetch up? You want to make him look bad. Like some kind of a clown. Even though he did get the book up there, Michael Moore's book. Carlisthen. I did such a great reading. What? Carlisthen. That. They how they did. I sent it to the picture. Right. And, but he still had to put it on there. No, damn it. It was me. No, it was not you. It was, uh, it was Eric. It's right there. Stupid white men with a big picture and a whole song that ants Michael Moore, Yati Adi Adi, which I did a magnificent job at a publicist. They were reading from that book and nobody gave a flying crap, which is why we're not going to do any more of that. That was some heavy duty stuff, man. It was first 15 pages plus the introduction. That was heavy duty crap. That people should have been pissed off and fired up about, but, uh, literally, you know, they don't give a flying crap. And that's why, uh, you know, that's why Florida was the perfect place to steal. I like that it was all set up. He had his brothers, the governor. He had a bunch of rumbling idiots, a bunch of stupid old people who wouldn't know up from down, voting for Pat, you can. Oh, I. And what more do you need? 1113, like poker Brian says, why do you think they call it Florent Da? Huh? I love that line. What's that bit in? What's that? A couple of times. 1113 is 560WQM. We got that big ball game coming up. We're not going to tell you what time though. It's way it's a long ways off. Way way down the road. Uh, just relax. If you have $2,000 more on a credit card, if so listen to this carefully, debricated consumer counseling will help you. It'll cost you nothing. That's right. It'll cost you not a penny. Debricated is a non-profit company. They'll contact the company's UL Money 2 and they'll cut your payments in half. Call 1-800-4-Node Death. That's 1-800-4 and letters N-O-D-E-B-T. Debricated will help you cut your interest rate, eliminate late fees, and save your credit and will cost you not a, not a cent. The bank pays debricated you pay nothing. So if you're tired of battling credit card debt, call debricated at 1-800-4-Node Death. Call and find out how debricated can help you. You've got nothing to lose. If you've had it with credit card debt, high interest rates and late fees, call debricated consumer counseling and they'll handle all from there. Call right now. Want $100-4-Node Death, and don't forget to cost you nothing. To smoke a tom time. Got music life is gonna slow hell. When You've come to confine my debt. I can't you tell I can see my new agent in three damn days Been to the nub on cocaine and whiskey Cause I've lowered myself to this to blame me Lord of this last another year I'll be amazed I'm trying to stay away Since there are many I have faith I just can't look at you while I'm trying Sing this song I hate to be out of place But I can't stand your face I just can't look at you while I'm trying Sing this song Can I have to live with you as well Looking at you, let me say you look like hell What ever you've been snorting, no more driving just just in line If you've gotten waiting a long time Just sing this song with you better think twice Smells like you have a shower in three damn lines Can we put this thing in the way? Only one is to get paid I just can't look at you while I'm trying Sing this song with you better think twice You heard I'm married to a nice piece of A When she married you was she awake Please she don't look like two peas on her Breath and board like you Can I don't care what you say? Can I let a thing go up to head? Stick it that shenanigans don't you rotate? I hope you hold me someday I hope you die today I just wanted to say I want another region Call me on the phone I just wanted to say I want another region To tell me I'm the phone But it's your long and powdery, you know I sure was Almost as powdery as they are but it gave me time to find some interesting things I did not find DECI's a midday runner I must have placed it but Where did that come from? Where did it come from? Where did it come from? It's 11.20 and I still have no message on my machine I think I'm going to take you away before you know I know I'll probably fill up next week And guess what else I found? Alright Thank you Thank you You know it took me years to figure out that that's a white guy Yeah Well don't know reason you know who a lot of these people are When you see those best of the 70s and best of the 80s Those CD compilation things they have on TV Those infertals That's why some of those are neat and spite of what some people are there When we did the pull on that about 500 years ago And it also has I forget exactly which channel it is because it's on the digital cable The VH1 rock classics or something like that Where they play all that fossil rock people you never remembered existed Hmm It's hidden miss Let's go Let's go On speaking of the training japan A is here's the 411 on JLo's phone sex with Ben This is in the globe Yeah Much too long to meet Ditto with the right now so to speak But boy this is more of this punch a crap It's like you believe us yet No Do you believe that we're really doing it? No You think we're going to really get married and we're like maybe going to at least get naked? No, I don't think so I think Matt would get really upset 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line Look at that the new pull is up the most annoying song about time is was Boy we got a lot of money already I better cast my vote if you put your vote in area No, no, yeah I'm looking I'm sticking with old Debbie Boone man I'm sticking with it even though there's a lot of really good choices on here Did we put rock and roll part two with the Gary Glitter? We did? Yeah, so I wrote it down Carlos didn't write it down Carlos again once again Just can't keep it up he just he doesn't have it yet You guys haven't met you they get so I mean For the first time we were talking about one and the early voting with three votes including mine Debbie Boone You light up my life man Oh God They must have played that 55,000 times Here we go We're over and over and over In fact, you know what category I put that in that's right next to the wind beneath my wings It's been a really syrupy depressing Oh just awful thing I made you want to either blow somebody's brains out or commit sausages When you agree? Sure Oh, I think you mentioned that I'll stick with my original pick Which was when beneath my wings There you go Here's the lady in sunrise hello Good morning, Neil Where is he? You are work waiting for him you tell me this I am But did you hear that reference that mall made to you about living up there in your igloo? He says you're in your igloo well Just now I was nice and toasty in here today and by the way Friday at tomorrow and Friday it's going to be 40 and Saturday 50 So good listen to that We're going to this the mother of all bombs the M.O.A.B. It's going to be tested here in Florida So I think you're pretty wise up in your igloo up there I had that on before it's going to be in the panhandle right Yeah Between noon and five they're going to be dropping the big one Who are lucky to stay in your igloo? Mm-hmm If I could move I would too So I think this isn't such a paradise place Well when you can't go any place else I guess maybe it is maybe that's where he's coming from Right When you've been bounced out of just about every place else Love you Neil you take care now Have a great day Bye bye Five six seven oh five sixty I cannot find to come on island by this is midnight runners And I know I went out and bought it It's here somewhere I'll get around with it In fact let's bring back the one hit wonders No, that's just a joke I mean as long as I'm here and I got these 85 billion CDs I went out and spent all that money on because I have no audio capabilities on here And I can't steal I mean the borrow all the music off of a winnicks Like a lot of you people are doing you're not fooling us Carlos You people aren't fooling of us Download all that music hour after hour day after day after day Sting those royals from those poor and poverty musicians Look at Debbie Boons, she's got 10 votes George Yeah Mcerrain has got six Ebony and I read about the Cartoon Stevie I wonder who the hell did that song He's got three Well it's the early going If you missed the first pull on, oh well I can say was Wow In fact you know you can look at those numbers and you can analyze them and you can turn them upside down The message is always the same when you look at a pull like that mo Don't fire out Yeah that's the message I get out of there when you agree Yes you were because you're a backstabber Yeah Now what was your exact quote he said about George this morning Carlos I don't know the exact quote but something about him breaking a Oh he don't know his reaction He's right He's right He's right He's right George was going to be able to stick it in Oh no he was talking about something else That's him Since he keeps getting raped, I've raped it all the time you know Cool be If that's the case, more probably not too far 26 after 11 all he probably would like to act at those episodes last summer When those evil emails and at phone call I got from Greg and we could always Relay all of that stuff if we wanted to but we sure don't doing Oh no because that was just too depressing Well wait for some anniversary show like most first year on the air Oh you mean like today? Hey if you're still having a hang about buying a mattress over the phone Because you want to see it and feel it look at it first Forget about that I bought many mattresses from our friends at Dalamacros Over a million people have done it and hundreds more are doing it every week Because they've discovered the smart way that buying a mattress The old fashioned way is stupid That's right Not the smart way to do it because you get ripped off You're helping to pay for somebody's big overhead Your choices are limited and their delivery of policy and most joints is a joke Just call 1-800 mattress in a TTRAS right now You'll have a great night sleep as soon as tonight from Dalamacros And they've got the best mattresses in the world And they got exactly the size and style in stock that you want Ready for immediate delivery Seely, cert as Simmons King Corley got them Dalamacros is right number one a customer satisfaction They've got more repeat referral customers than anybody in the business Because they know how to treat their customers right Once you buy a mattress and Dalamacros just like me You'd never go back to a show again And don't forget when you do buy a mattress They take away that crappy old nasty vetting And set up your brand new beautiful one for free That's correct Dalamacros takes away the old vetting and sets up your brand new one for free So make that call right now They'll be knocking on the door any time when it's convenient for you And you'll enjoy a great night sleep damn soon for a long time to come 1-800 mattress 1-800-MATT-RES Be sure to tell me that fat boy told you to call Dalamacros I bet the local M6 is 56 years The ring is all yours I'm not a QA That's so beautiful Dalamacros, Algo, Algo, all right, you have never heard of or seen Or you'll figure nominations will be vice-president Who's the sunbrow? I've been watching you coming back Locker rain on Dalamacros And if I could have your silence I would like this demonstration for you The Algo version of the locker rain And not like the D-R-C-R-C I'm not gonna let you go I'm gonna let you go Locker rain I'm gonna let you go Locker rain Locker rain Would you like to see it again? Say no, moochah, poochah, poochah Say no, moochah, Emosio Emosio Emosio Emosio, Emosio And your alarm goes off in the morning Locker rain And one of your children reaches for cereal and fruit Locker rain Locker rain Locker rain Locker rain Locker rain Locker rain Locker rain It's a good job When it's 7.32 to 5.60 WC We've got Barland Baseball coming up And that's a way down the road Man, it's hours away And it's... Sure But the noise song of all time on your rungies.com It's our second poll of the day The first one was a tribute to Mohawar David It's been turned out to be well on his behalf But we gave it our best shot You know what I'm saying? Give it our best shot You let up my life By Debbie Boone has 15 votes in Eurely Goin Macarena by Los Del Rio has got 11 The wind beneath my wings has got beneath my thing But midler 5 Evident ivory, publicardian Stevie Wonder 3 I don't know why we didn't put the other one on there too Which weren't publicardian... They say Michael Jackson won't say... They say... That's annoying You know what? Are you kidding me? Oh boy, that's red-edible Man How am I supposed to live without you? Michael Bolton has got three Born in USA Bruce Springsteen who couldn't see his weight of a paper sack If he held a gun it was head 3 And then we just got smattering You know reenited ring my bell Muscad love kept in tenil Dockishan Now what's the interesting spelling on Dockishan We don't know D-A-N-K-E Would be good, okay? I know that guy And Shane I think is SCHO-Weyander Where was Shane use bell over But the Dock at D-O-N-K-E A is... Let's not be quite that alert Unless we want to be In the summertime, Mungo Jerry's got a pair You know, pre-me flowers, Neil and Boba too We are the world, USA for Africa Wasn't that money going to the people in Afghanistan? Yeah Celebration cool in the gang too After known delight starland vocal band A Kylie and Wang is got a pair The Carthor Park don't worry be happy Bobby McFear and that's what friends are for The On Warwick and Elton John All the one that's seen a well in John on here Feeling more a sailbert I got with two first names I will always love you with me, Houston Shannon by Henry Gross Build me a buttercup in the year tonight Haven't my baby escaped the Pina Colossal They've ever went down to Georgia Key Largo The night Chicago died You've lost 11 feelings there Way to heaven La Bamba God bless America by Kate Smith She's still dead Louis Louis Purple pill slash hills By D12 Yes That's a name of his group now That's not his group That's a group that's a group that he was collaborating with That he was in amongst I see Was that before he met Who? Whatever this so wrapper guys that just knew video Also part of B12 Oh God give me a break Free us from M&M I do like M&M's though Carma Camillion by Culture Club my sure owner Onchay and Melody come on I'll lean Did I leave anything off? Cause I'm reading the list of what we got on there so far I think we got them all away Looks right to me Why don't Huh? I don't see oh there she's got with two boats We might be able to need a ward Good old Anita Ward man How come I don't have that bell This one? It's a calendar I don't know What are you ringing it from? The 360 Oh, he's in Belpham There you know what? It's not in there I don't know I'll be goddamn five six seven five Six seven five sixty Pound five sixty on the AT&T And Verizon Marvellous Line There's a lady in What is it? They just did a data transfer This one to the other one When they sent that one up there They did Isn't you what is yours under? Price Bell Oh wow okay So how am I supposed to know that? Just supposed to know all these My supposed to be some kind of a psychic Read something up here What all the time? Yeah Here's one that says prick Really? I think it just popped up by itself So this big I don't have no prize bell Are you looking on your sound effects? Just the layout And the else that? No Wow Not the DCS in the year 360 Oh I don't have time for that Far and around with that Okay we don't have time for that Here's a lady in the warm tone If I looked it up to you the show would be until midnight Lady and summarize though Nio Yes man Oh my name is Oh Oh Oh man Oh Oh Give it up Okay Oh thanks What is that? Susan Vega What's the name of that thing? She's right over here So they're right in it What is it? Something dying Or I'll look at somebody's diner Susan Vega Yeah Susan Vega Are you sure? Yeah That's the name of the artist Alright let me let me look it up We'll make me feel I'm doing something productive There's somebody in there Alright I got killer filler music Susan Vega Tom's diner There it is Tom's diner I don't know Yeah she's right Yeah And what about I'll tell you another one Along the same vein Ha ha ha ha Ha ha And I go hello Oh my god Yeah That was There was this key Now what's the real name of that song? Mm-hmm Mm-hmm Ha ha ha Just ages and eggs right? Five six seven five six What is the name of that? I'm serious It's called I You not Does that look Campbell soup? Mm-hmm Good Huh? Right by the crash test dummies Are you sure you're Oh no I want to see this in print I'm alright I can actually, okay in print I don't see it You don't stalling it right Ha ha ha ha Evidently I'm looking with an HM No no And that just that ends Oh just MM There's that M&M crap again going down M&M And you know what there it is Mm-hmm you're right I'm stalling you Mm-hmm As opposed to the M&M Got the goes, you you you you you you Right Damn it Five six seven Five sixty pound five sixty On the AT&T in Verizon Wireless line The world's coming to an end boys and girls But we're having a good time on the show We don't give a crap We're oblivious Here's moral gavels Hello Well Yes sir How are you today Great Good I don't know how anyone could even Contest The swan fuelings There's been nothing I'm more salbert Yeah, I think it's definitely in the top five I'm a half to be I mean I wouldn't you know my initial choice But someone beat me to it But I'll go in at the second runner Since fuelings is lost the board now Or on the board How about Mandy by Barry Maddoel Good one I love that You actually like it You know I mean I love that as a choice I don't mean I love the song Because I'm for that matter Anything by Maddoel Talk to me a take Yeah, but that that's a good one Have you ever another Serapy a piece of crap Excellent, thank you You like a man See a Mandy Dan Dan Dan Yeah, he's a very man who's extraordinarily annoying I'm not sure we do not like very man low or what in the Houston for that matter or Bobby Brown Nope Although we do like Frank Zappas Bobby Brown but not the same guy Right Five six seven five sixty Patma How do you know Maybe this Maybe did too much too many drugs with Frank that could have been a problem Twenty one till noon at five sixty WQ and we got the no mad dog today because it had Marlon exhibitionist game Boy, that's a bad move Greg that's a bad move Hank over after the baseball game which good luck to him because he'll really need it You end baseball, hurt cones and USF What are they called you? I see so many years since I did the hurt cone baseball You university is softwood is it the balls Carls is on the phone and Maybe he wouldn't know you think he would know you should know this University of South Florida Bushments or something Anyway, that's six six What is it? Six fifty Eddie K after the UN baseball game into unmarked the dirty boys overnight And I guess there's a last two In the building that Mo could like reach out and say is there anybody I can align my I don't know She was really kind of almost desperately throwing me a Kind of a piece bone or something You notice that this morning? Is that what that was? I think so it smelled like a bone he was throwing something I didn't know if it was smell like an old bone But then I can do the trick Mo it's way too late for that you're like for sign on Greta on this show We hate you like poison so I think he's like grass being especially after the Doreen blow up at the rail last week Uh, Jo and Marky may probably try to go back to them and based on what you told me when I was down there I don't think it's gonna work Nineteenth till noon at five sixty QM audio homeowners out there there are a few things worse in life Then go out of the backyard to take a nice relaxing swim And you look at that once beautiful pool and realizing it's a mess It's stained it's dirty it might be cracking Well, don't look at that mess anymore just say no mole ugly pool even the copy to put in no mole You know that? Yep, just say no mole ugly pool and call our good friends at Atlantic Marseille These guys aren't just pool guys who want to clean service out of a pickup truck like some slippers We've seen not to mention a by name There were real construction company who uses full time employees Not subcontractors is just came up a banana boat Atlantic Marseille specializes in the most incredible innovation at the pool business diamond bright Atlantic Marseille's been pouring it on for 12 years Their license to ensure professionals they even train other companies internationally How to do diamond bright right and they'll give you the same price to give to the contractors Call them if you're in North Miami, Browder Palm Beach, Atlantic Marseille Through the largest installers of diamond bright anywhere in town Though Kim Riteune give you a free estimate they also perform pool and neck renovations Custom lighting pool heating and exotic water features to for the best job you ever be seen call Atlantic Marseille toll free 1-800-558-8883 That's 1-800-558-8883 Diamond bright do it right because diamond bright is a pool's best friend We're supposed to be in 5-6 years You A M And beat that jader me We're going to be in the middle of the day We're going to be in the middle of the day We're going to be in the middle of the day We're going to be in the middle of the day We're going to be in the middle of the day We're going to be in the middle of the day We're going to be in the middle of the day We're going to be in the middle of the day We're going to be in the middle of the day We're going to be in the middle of the day We're going to be in the middle of the day We're going to be in the middle of the day We're going to be in the middle of the day We're going to be in the middle of the day But no one wants to see world more three heads I know, we're going to be a little Georgie She left a little Georgie We ought to stay home We're going to be in the middle of the day We're going to be in the middle of the day Before he's in our man Be sure to count to ten Before he blow the crap out of your rack Please listen to the he went up in Georgie You're going up in Georgie Went up in Georgie I'm 47 and 5.6. We've got a little follow-up I almost forgot about this trip Better not do that. Got a little bit of good news in date County The show will go on Ready for that? Good But day after wanting the plug pulled on a popular downtown concert Mayor Mani Diaz of Miami City yesterday He has satisfied that promoters agreed to beef up security And band the sale of pacifiers and lollipops Hold for it at the 4-hour festival That'd be like selling cough drops Promoters of the ultra-electronic music festival schedule From March 22nd in Bayfront Park The great-to-pay double police presence and install double fences After the mayor's stress concerns about reports of rampant drug use It last year's concert Promoters also said they would ban the sale of perfinalia popular among ecstasy users Such as baby pacifiers Lollipops Are you ready for that? I'm getting ill I absolutely want a puke Oh my god It's that lollipop Why don't you have little boy? The lollipop The cause the ecstasy is right And the glow sticks And popsicles that supposedly enhance the drug experience Want a lollipop little boy? In case they missed it the first time The conflict began over the weekend after DSNN A news release saying it would ask the board of Bayfront Park management trust Not to wish you were licensed to the festival And by the way you people all you have Shmata heads there in the convenience store As you better get those popsicles out of there I think 5-10 for saw knows At least it said it was the first time the mayor spoke so publicly against an issue But in Monday's board meeting Promoters said that would take measures to reduce drug use And today long music festival Which June early 30,000 fans last year The as of also attended the meeting Said he's happy promoters agreed with the added safety measures And said he would not try to cancel the popular or concert This is all about children and miners He said after the meeting As he rushed home to make sure that his kid wasn't putting up anything larger than 20s All right Next one mayor many day What are they going to do without those pacifiers They might have to suck Or what that's right Mavada cream cycle No, no or even worse how about a fudge cycle Here's Palm Beach, hello Palm Beach Palm Beach, hello Yes sir Yeah, good afternoon And back to you I got a great one for you Thai yellow ribbon Oh excellent How could we have forgotten that Tony Orlando who makes me want to gag just to condost Think about mustache And on Right Thank you sir That's for me And I do want to wish you a happy anniversary You've given a lot of years of enjoyment and pleasure to my little home Okay, thank you Goodbye See there wish you me happy anniversary on most anniversary What is that say? Good Huh, sorry Mow They like me they hate you But there's plenty of hate me but at least they listen Anyway, what do you just say Thai yellow ribbon you got to add down at it That's certainly going to get a lot of a Thai yellow ribbon Overplayed And not just Ricky Tinky kind of a sound Oh Tony and then at goody two shoesy Tony Orlando and Don He's another one on inside to be behind you know With his born again crap and all of his problems and all of his prevails And his hypocrisy etc Full of crap is what I'm trying to say We don't like you Tony Orlando or Don All we haven't met Don yet 567 Here's a call from Washington DC We know who this is It's Carlos's boyfriend Yes sir Hi, how are you? Okay Good Most annoying song of all time Celine Dion seen to Titanic Oh yeah, what's that was the name of that? I can't remember the name of it But I mean I heart will go on I love will go on something will go on We'll find it I'm on By puking will go on okay Celine Dion anything my herd makes the list Anyway Michael more I just actually finishes book on some book I enjoyed your reading yesterday After four best chapter in a book kill whitey Yeah, I don't know if you've read that for but probably one of the best lines in the books is the ever American Americans have been on the lowest Run the economic letters since the day they were beaten and dragged here and changed Which is a truth So I'll put good book and go ahead your promote it Yeah, it's a great book and it's on our website Thanks a lot of me go Amen Bye Now what is it called my heart of the long-stadadi? Ha ha ha ha What is it? Either my life it might not be in my life Look it might not be in my life Yeah, it'll be there It will How about did I dick in New Age girl? I bigger pardon Did I dick? Dion in the Belmont Celine Dion my word is my heart beat now I'm beauty in the beast When I fall in love the power of love Oh my heart will go on the theme from Titanic Oh That's got to go on here immediately She's got so many others that could make it like the power of love That was number one for four weeks because you loved me was number one for six weeks Which makes me just gag It's all coming back to me now all by myself which you ought to be I'm your angel with our Kelly Ha ha And my heart will go on was number one for two minutes It would only put one Celine Dion one I think that one definitely Serapy right up there with wind beneath my wings Got it got it The love theme from the Titanic And two bad she was not in the ship along with Leo The earth's tell Leo they tried to butcher him up in these new movies that he's in Yet does it work and not for me doesn't because I see the previous these movies Now look and I say you know what that's Leo and I immediately changed another channel immediately I'm not sooner it's still Leo no matter what they do the mustache the what are is still Leo How cool in me five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon line here South Miami hello Yes, you're how you doing all right. I don't want to fight no more Every something that's wrong makes my ears want to believe make you want to send a bat to I turn or so you can finish this Okay, oh, yeah, one more thing how the stuff flows nuts. Okay, thank What's he trying to say You got it? No You don't have itiner I a team to find no more Tina to assure come on let's get with it now You just I don't know what you're today. The little office feed I think today Save an up all the energy for next week when he's gonna be doing the show solo you and Carlos that should be Put a treat for the audience especially that George tape sky be sure and tape all the shows nice week when George is on sir Then instead of having to be a encumbered by my annoying crap here We did you can just listen to your own George tapes to make some like a winner sure sounds like a great idea We got a battle going on baby you light up my life in Debbie boon 29 macarina Los Del Rio 28 and feelings by Morris Albert's moving up fast with 11 win beneath my wings bet midler 10 And don't worry be happy about it for a line ring my bells got eight and haven't my baby Paul anchor with the cankers got seven and also have any And every with seven I still think that the The other with more annoying the one with the say say say no with Michael Jackson say say say say oh 567 05 60 pound 560 on the 18 and 10 Verizon line on the Marlin pregame warm-up show Anybody ready for some exhibition baseball Here's pepper pines hello Yeah, I know what's up. How you doing sir? I'm pretty good today. Look forward to that exhibition game Right Jack's Terry Jack's I think I have that here Absolute top five you're in teen all right, Neil thanks, amigo Good day Season's in the son Terry Jack. There's so many of them you know it So many annoying nasty songs and all you radio people you just you just destroyed us You just ruined our brains what little we had left by playing these damn things over and over and over again just unconscionable You'll be a putter cup probably in tune too well and maybe maybe other people are just as unfortunate design every time I punch up magic and there It is over. Oh, so that's your problem right there Punching up magic right well, we like Rick Shaw with her magic, but we would like to punch out the PD Bob cunning hammer Whatever's name is Bob hassle off whatever that guy's name is some of us don't dare make that mistake. Oh Well, what what what what what what what what what? What are you gonna have on your dial really when you come down to it and PR? No, I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about for music That's what I'm saying man for music. We must go to Don Vito For music we must go to that slot in the middle of the dash that's called a CD deck. There you go 1806 votes at macarina has forged into first place. Oh See them in the forge tonight. Los Delrio. Do you think they're akin to a Vanessa Delrio? Maybe I'll touch boy. She's real old me girl. What I guarantee is she's not any older than Peter North and He's still squirting it squirt. You're a South-Ele way nasty to in all directions Vanessa Delrio. Yeah Yeah, but she'd be one of your people I'd rather Carl's like sir Carl's from she's a beiner kind of peridose I'm saying she's one of Carlos's people Four minutes still He's not full of me anybody that takes lettuce in the spare time. You know that one of your people Yeah, I'm gonna still know to QM. Can I do this spy? Tom Laman is gonna get all bet out of shape. You're nearly as a very good friend of ours, but he not too funny you Tom Laman and Joe Prieto at Hall of Pontiac GMC are proud to announce another kneel. The city of heavy George deals they're all kneel deals got that It's another March madness sale. Let's go on right now kneel deal number one pick any new GMC or Pontiac in stock like the 33 miles per gallon vibe prices lowest 13,998 Get zero percent financing for up to 60 months. You heard me right? Zero percent for up to 60 months kneel deal number two choose any new vehicle in stock and get yourself up to a $3,000 rebate. That's correct. Get yourself up to a $3,000 rebate on any new vehicle in stock and hell it. Hell it's also got great kneel deals waiting for you. Maybe a couple of George deals on news car's truck's SUVs And if you have the guys in town just are shocked when you walk out of there a lot because you're quite it may be imperfect And not good enough for them. Guess what? It's good enough for our friends at Hall of Pontiac. They'll get you a deal Right now. Don't forget it's another set of great kneel deals at Hall of Pontiac 13411 South Thixie Highway that's on US one right across from the falls the same prestigious location They've been making great deals for over 35 years open every day seven days a week for more info called the kneel deal hotline tool free One triple eight five three four forty two eleven that's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven and by the way Tantlement and you'll create or like the more worst team a lot There's no yeah, I didn't know that don't forget all the other is accepted credit approval see dealer for details Hamlet Pontiac GMC we are professional grace You weigh yeah Well, how it a David the only thing funny other rape of it is that bike smokers both a one hour In light of Francis blatant this regard for all things American this radio station Invite you to join us in the boy cut of the following people places and things French fries Francis mustard French poodles French toast mister French Prince kissing now mandatory French knots French He from Greece chicken French has chicken court on blue French dressing pujou bouvier's vehicles Pong stelle medalline video summt fuerzapa Comic 53 Chanel Catherine d'Indeed  surprise Park du Chaud qu'O Sto Custon from Indian kiss, Pietier du BSudje Pres nuclei designals the womanpectt Joseph Torvart uncle mine su Writing a French connection our  Mister Jumpal bulktaj  CAI Corn on rossus for list language immersion programs, jolly and facial belief system, Florial, clinic, Lucerc, and Circus Ola. Thank you. You're welcome. 12.02.5.60. WQA, and it's our big noon to one hour, at least part of it. Marlin, baseball game, that exhibition game with the, who is it? I thought you were going to promote that. Red Sox in the, oh, in the distant future, I wait on the road. Anyway, here's some facts as it just came in. I can't believe nobody's called or facts anything from the group smash mouth for your poll. Once song in particular, I get some votes is all star. It's an commercial that they play a hell out of an echoes. Hey, now you're in all star yet. We've seen an 80 minute time. Thank you, Danny. See you right here. We're going to get that on there. Yes. Yes, Carlos. All star smash mouth. He's over there typing. He can't reach the microphone. I don't expect it here from them. Just I'm just, I'm just, I'm just, I'm just, to give him time, but I have absorb into his nimble mind. Okay. He was not in that you hear it. Yeah, I heard it. Here's this code duck. I don't know. Whatever. I mean, it was a novel. I mean, what do we put all the other ones on there? Like running bare people. People who eat right. Yeah. They're in had a good one. Who let the dogs out? I mean. Oh, yeah. We're having to you heard that song. And when haven't you heard it? Most of that song was about her. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that should be on her. Who left the dogs out by the Baja boys. I remember that. I remember the video, but I was a stupid video and even stupid or song. And even stupider than that was the reaction. Of course, of the sports nerds, you know, who love to those who, who, you know, oh my God, we were playing it on a station. Oh, geez. Enough to make it gag. Who, who, who, who, who, oh, brother the pain is so great. Anyway, 12 girls I loved before. Who do you have the greasy and Willie Nelson? What are you saying? To all the girls I loved before. Yeah, it's there anyway. Like a version by Madonna. I don't think so. And it says any songs with lyrics all night long. Wasn't all night long by free? All right now. All right now. Yeah, I see. I was just to get the lyrics wrong. And I had sung it is called All Right Now. I used to think it was all night long. I don't know why. Listen to that song. Sometimes you'll see it. Yeah. Lion or Richie did all night long. But I know the song by free all right now. And I'm going to listen to Nathan. I'm saying. Sure. And as usual, he's not paying. He's got his own agenda. He's got that own Milton's spickle of Legend. This is interesting speaking of his own agenda. Bors says, clap me or no EU speech. What do you say that? I think the answer will be. No. Nine. NAY. George Borsepold out of a speech to the European Parliament when M. P.s. wouldn't guarantee a standing ovation. Senior White House officials had the president would only go to Strasbourg. He would talk about a rack if he had a staged managed welcome. A source posted in the negotiation said last night, President Bush agreed to a speech that insisted he get a standing ovation like if they stayed in the union address. His people also insisted there would be no protest or heckling. I believe it would be a crucial speech for M. P.s. to make in light of the opposition of the war here but unless he only gets a adulation in phrase and will never happen. M. P.s. Every appearance in the US is staged managed with audiences full of supporters. It was hoped he would speak after a welcome Warsaw, P.s. to NATO and prognostic. However, but as we fuse all the speech to EU leaders face the face of scenes of key factor in the split between the US and UK coalition and the rest of Europe. How do you like that, huh? G.S. Kronachron, who says, he says, I did get pissed off and fired up about the Michael Moore book control if the Democrats had any balls. They used the preamble for their campaign commercials. It's too bad more a session extremist, neither right because he's funny is hell and often right on. Right, Sean. It's true that M. P.s. B.B. goes on to say, yes, America's obsession with handguns is pathological. For example, I'm a bleeding heart, pink, o tree hugging liberal and I've got six of them and guns to and that's sad. That's very sad, Sean. One thing it's nice about here is that very, very, very few people have guns except the RCMP up here, eh? Here's his choices. Wonderful to know if I are a captain. And a emotional rescue by the Rolling Stones. You think either one of those qualified? No. No. Sorry, Sean, we love you, but the answer is no. Oh, yeah, here you go, Frank and for love. He also got one of the song that I don't mind the song the first six thousand times, but he's right. Oh, yeah, rain drops are falling on my freaking heads, his Frank and for Lodderdale. Yes, by BJ times. Oh, that's a roaring momma, is it? The hell? What was that? What was that? What was that car? Oh, is it? Got replaced. Don't blame me, it was the other spick. Oh, this one. This is what I meant to play. Yeah. Sorry, wrong button. I'm going to grab some of my freaking head by BJ Thomas. There are many others that recorded it, but he had the definitive version of you asked me. And as much as I do like BJ, I'd like BJ Thomas a lot, I like BJs. But man, hold the foot. What? BJs, hold the foot. No, just BJs in general. Here's one of the says from you, see if Kenny, great pool, sting don't stand so close to me. Yeah, we like sting, but we don't like that song. That's right. That's a good choice, you see, if Kenny. We could tell like, what? Put it on the pole by the police and stuff to do it. Almost thing was with the police. So I think I picked up by the police. He was with it. He was a lead singer. Okay, they'd be a lead. Okay, G.C. What I mean, Kenny? Oh, we got a real hard ass today. Like we really have to work out, getting it right. This is the same outfit that spells Donkey Chain with an EY, you know? You went piggy, Y, C, A, A, and Donkey Chain, you know? I got one of those at home. Do you really? Yeah, pull it all the time. Do you have it hooked up to your ass? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. We got a battle going on. Macarena. 38, most annoying song about time. You light up my life Debbie Boone. 31. This is great. I told you this would be a winner, die. You only problem being, how do I come up with a great exciting fun thing like this every goddamn day, huh? Good question. Oh my god. Probably being that we've done like 75,000 pulls already. We've done almost there. But we all, you know what I found in my drawers? I give up. This is good looking to your drawers. That's where the good stuff is. I found all that to one hit one stuff from last year. Oh, very good. Tons of it. Okay, tough choices, a factor between these two. We are family at Sly in the family stone. Isn't that or is that just a sledge? It's just a sledge. Why am I thinking it's Sly in family stone? Because it's family. Sly sleds like I said. They didn't have it. Why MC, are you ready? Somebody to fill those people? Well, that's the one. Why? Yeah, they like to do that to sporting events. Why I'm CA. Because there's a bunch of fags in the crowd. Always trying to pass the files. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Let's go to beautiful dear field beach, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yes, I've got two songs for you. A pair. Mariah County's hero. What you're really nauseating and the other is a Destiny's child survivor. Oh, yeah. Oh, man. I'm getting sick. I mean, they're both terrible, Neil. I mean, I'm both of them when I hear them. It immediately hits the button, go to another station. Yeah, and as soon as you hit the button, you think you're a survivor of hearing that song again. But chances are on you hit the button. You get a song that just just says or down in this bar. Exactly. Okay. Thank you, my friend. Have a good day. And you, too. Hero. And I wish I had that zero. I love that. But I don't have it. I need to play at your zero, the end-requating. And Destiny's child. I think we'll put Destiny's child, don't you? Yeah. And survivor. Yeah. Oh, they just make me wild. This needs child. You know what I'm saying? I just don't like that whole thing. I mean, talk about racism and reverse. That's what they represent to me. They are the most stereotypical. Of course, a lot of the rappers are too. I mean, just I don't get out and get that. But talk about creating a nasty, nasty way. I mean, they're walling a cuckoo. Yeah. They're annoying. In fact, if we wanted to pick the most annoying group, maybe that's a good one for you one day. The most annoying group in history, Destiny's child. Not just their music, but them. Just that whole bit of Destiny's child. You know, screw you guys, okay? You asshole's 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 6, 5 away. No package, George. No, no. I think they're going to come and get you rest. Here's Pinecres, tell him. Pinecres. Yeah, no. Yes, you mentioned, I'm a Bobby girl by that group Aqua. Aqua and Barbie girl, do you like that? Navalty song, yeah. Okay. Yeah, it was annoying. I thank you. It wasn't annoying, but it was a, they inflate that most of your neighborhood. In Europe, Aqua is very, very big. Now, he's right. Barbie girl by Aqua. I guess you could put that down. You want to put down Carlos? Probably not. Now, hey, put it down. And the song too, just put it down and I've figured as well. Here's who got it out. They're smoking with the water Nazi. All after them. Buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh. You too, you must have some kind of a hint first out there. I'll tell you. You're reme defined her. You ever talked to the fellas? Yeah, I don't feel this. Really? We're buds. Are you really? Well, she got to talk to somebody from the show, George won't speak to her. Why do you say that? And she wouldn't even look at the best part of me if you could find it. How do you get along fine me with the list? You want to water not see get along good huh when we run into each other very very cordial She's a real pleasant person, okay. I just stay away from that bitch She's a watch. She's a peach. But what does that mean? She's just fine The boxes to people who deserve it. How's that? I see well she's up not just to me. Well He got a point from on it's after noon at five sixty w come out What the how she and mode get along that would be the real insistent thing huh? They don't get along No, nothing reason to like for this I'm starting to like that philosophical a lot now. Oh, aki breakey heart by Billi Ray Cyrus Absolutely correct Warren and Voka And it says and then QM sports intensive mode. I'll we don't play this that much anymore because it's kind of embarrassing But yeah Up and tight song which is really a song that is a point Excellent job. We're not gonna put that on there, but we will put aki breakey heart by that obnoxious Billy Ray Cyrus do In fact, let's just put almost any country in western song on her, you know sure Fominus past noon at five sixty w QM the beast is looking for a date and the beast is looking to get Slim not necessarily that order but you think you ought to get slim first before it looks for a date I think that might be too late Right, so be about to do well. It's still alive. He will get slim in the box Anyway, the beast is losing weight the smart way on balance for life There's no cooking no shopping no cleaning no worries no counting calories no counting carbs No figuring anything out. No trying to figure that extra that very complicated zone diet Which it is very complex, but guess what they do all the figuring out for you All you have to do is fill out your little menu every week. They have two choices for each meal If we did that turn a program. I'd say each meal you get five meals a day three gourmet Meals two delicious snacks. They're all in your little black sack and they deliver it right to wherever you want Your house your work wherever you're gonna be by six o'clock every morning and in your sack is all the food You need for the whole day. We're not talking about teeny little perky type portions We're talking about plenty of good food to keep you satisfied all through the day delicious fresh goodies All kinds of omelets and crates and chicken dishes and beef and fish and all kinds of seafood It is delicious So eating three to five meals a day is what they all recommend to keep your glycemic levels constant to keep that weight pouring off And this is the way to do it balance for life. So if you want to lose that weight and look a lot better Get some these and look and close on and be allowed healthy as well Let balance for life healthy do it once and for all call nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine nine five four five six Eight thirty two twenty nine I guarantee once you put the first meal from them in your mouth You look better than to be still ready or check out their website if you like at balance for life.com You Go back to Canada you Everybody this is keep Jackson on special assignment following the freak show no one as tennis Rodman Then this is now playing in sescatune to sketch along to try and maintain his physical conditioning referee Don Winkle called a traveling violation against Rodman last night in a game against the Calgary donuts and All hell broke loose Well, I called foul and hope will be on his parents It started bait me over the head with his magic Johnson. I could have believed it. I thought he wasn't allowed to head but anymore Oh Nelly we'll keep you posted on the actions and ethics Rodman this is keep Jackson 115 60 W QA and here's a fact as a speak at a line or richy Try playing your once twice feet times a lady over and over again to the alkada guys They'll be talking in O time. Yep good point actually it's the commenter is featuring a line over to you. That's right Three times a lady the commenter is you got it. Carlos. I'm sure that a little peanut boy. He's got it. That's excellent choice I'll break him 5 6705 60 positive coming so far. We're glad you asked the most annoying song of all time I think this is a magnificent survey 257 votes already this is our second poll today Mo and the first one got Sacked he got that bad Macarena 45 most annoying song of all time you let up my life Debbie boon 35 and then after that It's like all the palpitatus Don't worry be happy about me for in 17 feelings more. Sober 15 ring my ability to ward 14 win beneath my thing That mid-ear 12 and haven't my baby by Paul Anca has a livin and The beat goes on so looks like a tourist race so far Greg from Georgia says how about smoke on a water that song effing sucks There you go deep purple smoke on a water Whatever No, I mean overplayed to death, but I mean that would be this for the wings is that's exactly right smoke on a water deep purple I like the purple, but that song too much Let's see between you and George working to take a hundred CDs get your favorites burned at a one single CD I'd say to your friends house as a computer. I mean working to get a best out from your own stuff as the audience would yeah Yeah, yeah, it's very simple Right, no forget about computer just go. I'd says working you get a hundred hundred CDs and get your favorites burned at a one single CD go out and buy you one of those CD burners That's all one of those double deck jobs like I got I've had that for a couple of years now at least I don't know if you can buy a computer anymore that doesn't have a CD burner built into it No, but you're you're not you say you're talking about something different. He's asking what let me read it again I was right off the bat Mr. Coff drop man Right off the bat it looks like saying you're saying work and he's still a bunch of songs from you No, no, no, you're not a monestanny made what he's saying is where can you take a hundred CDs and get your favorites burned on a one single CD and There was work and you get a best up from your own stuff any computer Yeah, you can copy your own CDs can you really yeah? I didn't know that sure how do you do that with and read? You think I can do that here sure No, you can easy CD creator if you have any kind of software. No, I can't well all right, then you don't have no audio I'm a computer don't you understand You can have audio on your computer. So another as I can I can do it, but I just can't hear it I gotta play the CDs and I see need that correct. That's just another file Don't let me hit him. I hit him anyway go ahead just just for all the time sake It's back in the head a couple times good 5670560 pound five 60 don't ever get about that ball game most forgetting about it here. Yeah, but I want to get the water Nazi upset your kids Personal buddy. I'll go to Gregory Here's four louder Dale. Oh Yeah, hey doing now pretty good sir good. I think I got a strong boy Okay What's the name Tony Basil Ricky you are so fine. Oh, I'm knowing as hell man. Oh Yes, sir. That would be on a list already you got it. All right. Thanks. Have a good day guys. Thank you. Oh, did you say donkish Hey Tony Basil and Ricky you're so fine. What's the name of it? I guess the pair is really Ricky. Oh We're doubted Ricky which was funny Macarena is pulling away boys and girls the old macarena not that they play that little bit too much if you get my drift About 50 million times an hour on every godday and stay to this personally in South Florida It was a hoochie kuchie a vegetalia like that, you know, talia Oh, she's the best here's Miami. Hello Yes, man about loving you the bird. Oh loving you loving like many ripper to me by many ripper to not the bird Okay, thanks She said it was for that I think she went where she's for the bird. I hear loving you many ripper And right, let's get that on there Carlos we're going to have a list of what six 700 songs on here. That's okay Eric and Hanlet He said Carlos is small potatoes that little beiner boys and he's the head-she's the big guy the big shot He can handle it. Yeah, I'm able to handle it too whatever the assignment is 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T Verizon line if you missed the early part of the show You missed a really good stuff today shame on you It was more how he David it's first anniversary on QM this morning and we asked how do you rate his performance? And I didn't make a copy of it because it's too embarrassing. I wanted like burn it to make sure that there were no No evidence left around. Hey, go up those check-in pants. I might help But the bottom line was a disaster the worst like 37% plus Remember that yeah, and outstanding was like 3.1% pretty wait performance there in the first year I think the audience is agreeing with what Greg said in very jackasses mouthpiece column last Friday and I mean Harold You know a great personal agent in mouthpiece and sandwich deliver in those brown paper bags. Who the jackass? Little Barry jackass see anybody in a business who like considers himself like a real human being They wouldn't waste their time talking to very jackass. It wouldn't speak to him This is the only person in the world that he returns his phone calls. You do know that don't you know? Yeah, two people George Beesley and Very jackass does it the only two in the world are return of calls Here's a call from Kendall. Hello. Good morning. Yes, sir. What a good evening. How about this? Did you run run run to do run run? Which one? There was the crystals was the original one and there was a Sean Cassidy Yeah Sean Cassidy Thank you Do run run you gotta make sure we spell I write that do run run. It's actually that do run run You got it and nobody wants to do run because we see them. How do you spell that I I Do run run by Sean Cassidy and I've shown SA you and is it? Reset whatever I got a look at up. Let's get some of the spelling right. Okay? I'll tell you one thing Alice ran tell boy was obsessed with Sean Cassidy Yeah, SA you went like I said well The do run run DA capital D O O Ron Ron. Oh my god. Are you gonna vomit when you hear this? June 4th, 1977 that week Mm-hmm on the Billboard charts. It was number one The crystals ought to get trombastic because they had the original song and the crystals were good on those great 60s groups early 60s Feel specter Oh, and speaking of Phil Specter you know I never told you oh my god Guess what else was on a weekend on the biography channel talk about depressing a two hour Brian Wilson on you remember the one at the on CBS on the beach boys right? This was just on Brian Wilson if you if you I gotta commend myself because I watched the entire thing in documents to a side didn't She bought the window I Mean you talk about morbid and depressing and puke inducing Good god almighty and Then Monday night which I mentioned they were Sunday I mentioned how horrible that thing was they can track Clinton dozing on 60 minutes. We've got a huge viewership But believe me most people will not be watching again. It was awful Then I forgot to mention what else was awful son in it even worse and more embarrassing Yeah, obviously you obviously didn't see it no Bird Ward oh oh oh and I'm West each looking over the age of 100 on a silly Batman thing I flipped up two hours. I watched one hour and I ran immediately the bed. What was the point of that? Other than the show us how old and horrendous they both looking especially bird ward Who spaces blown up like a chip monk. It was like a bad idea poorly executed. Oh And how come I mean with all their resources at CBS I realized was Navy C show originally But how come they couldn't use some of the same music and some of the same the visual effect and I mean just awful See how far to them while they were doing the like the flashback parts where they had the actors showing what was going on Right, okay, this is the interesting is shows what's going on behind the scenes and then yeah Like you said they cut back to them those oh and their antics Oh I guess that there were two messages there number one burden add of our both very very old and grotesque and number two They need to money bad real bad 26 past noon at five sixty I prefer the old the Batman robin okay four to five on adventure TV on my digital cable Where Robin has a kill boss is stuffed in his green tights every day and let me tell you speak to that size does matter guys That's what Robin always said and according to the Florida Department of Labor Labor computer professionals have really big Paychecks impressive big juicy fat According to the state of Florida computer careers are among the highest paid and still in highest demand the demand is never ending at Fast train can help you achieve that new high-pane computer career in just four short months before you know What you'll be making some serious bucks fast trains got locations in Kendall Miami for Lord of the Unpembert Pines And they got dating weekend schedule, so there's no excuse one more minute to stay in a crappy dead-in job working for peanuts Which a lot of people are allergic to anyway call fast train toll free one eight six fast train That's one eight six fast train they got full-time job placement and quantum teeth financing to call fast train one eight six fast train or check them out They wicked worldwide web and get yourself a big fat impressive paycheck to like all these other computer wizards except for Carlos call fast train one eight six six fast train My and low this is for 20 five six All right And that's why I think of yet a cheap B in ship season the jet and what did I tell you you don't talk to like say you can talk this is the beast I said shut up fat soul, but you're like a father to me. You don't talk to Lamont talking when I'm talking then you talk Okay, I mean come here. I want you to meet a friend of mine Mr. Guff Club This court sentences you do 20 years in ours What you in vote I had don't a tag of my mattress look like will be your bunkmates The names more holiday star is stage screen and terror dice, which or they go to me coffee You got so bad. Thank you But it's so hard real high. I'm gonna make you my wife Oh god But it'll be safe, anything And so to Yeah! The warden will see you now. Thanks. Well Mr. David. And then wanted to... Jack! Jack ordered. How can it help you? Well you see more than he is? But keep getting raped. Did it? To... Isn't that a shame? John looks into it right away. Thanks a wooden... It's about time! Somebody... It'll now drop your pair. I said drop your pair. This was odd. His face... favors no gum juice. No... No... Let's rape old, read your big shot. That's how we best the time awake in the geogale of ours. Gang rape is funny. 233-560-WQAM. So here's Oystinek aka Book of Brian says. Afternoon delay. Didn't we already have that? Yes. All folk music? Shame on you. They're like a lot of folk music. The attack had 40 in 1974 Dan Vogelberg, all songs played in Albertsons and everything on the clear channel playlists. That's Oystinek. For what it's worth? Here's somebody who's trapped in Boca. It says I hope you're doing well. I have a pair of four and these are excellent. In fact, all of ones coming in on the fact is are outstanding. Margarita Vill. Oh, and you know what else that he does? They really drives me up the wall? What's that? Do you mean Buffett? Yeah. Cheeseburger and Paradise. Mm-hmm. See, I shouldn't be saying that. You shouldn't be knocking Margarita Vill in cheeseburger. Because that's kind of a soft Florida yah. Who's that? You know? So like I said, put them both on there. Margarita Vill and cheeseburger and Paradise by Jimmy Buffett. Man, he makes me gag. Can't owe it to when the Prince's diversion? Yep. Elton John. Got it? Got it. And then it goes on to say from trapped in Boca. Margarita Vill is just a worth. I don't think we'll see the second anniversary. Also, I'm going to thank you for bringing a Michael Moore book to my attention. Going out to buy it today. Oh, right. There you go. Somebody trapped in Boca's go out to buy the Michael Moore book. Excellent choice. Alan and L.A. says, and he's absolutely correct. The most annoying song of all time. I mean, corrected this belongs on list. Dominique by the singing none. How could you miss this one? So they'll have a show. Many Alan. But now we didn't miss it. Got that on there? Carlos? Dominique by the singing none. You got it? Get it. Mac Arena 48. You let up my life 37. Don't worry, be happy 20. Have you got song for Moe? You know, don't worry, be happy. Feelings 18 and ring my bell by Anita Ward 18. I'm surprised she's doing that. Go, you know? Yeah. I mean, you sure we know that. I've heard it here by yeah. It was only an only because they played it so much. It wasn't really that bad of a song. It was an okay disco, you know, disco we kind of sung during it's era. But it just, they overdid it. They overdid it. God damn it. They overdid it. Like this Marlin baseball crap. You know, I'll game like every couple months would be okay. But we're overduing it. Here's North by me, be chill. Oh, no, no. Yes. No, no. I'd like to tell you that it's first of all the song, George of the World. Yeah, my it was a both of our, it's driving me nuts, Neil. That was great. And you know something that should be on there? Sure. Three dogs night. John, I do the world, he's right. That's three dog night had some, wow, that's right. They sucked actually. Didn't they? Well, they had some good songs. But they got played to that. Mama told me not to come. Yeah, that was a good song. In fact, you know something that was a perfect song for you, not too long ago. Uh-huh. Yeah. A year. That was a, that was a perfect. That was George's theme song. About a year and some months ago. But two right now. Anyway, three dog night. Let's just not slip over them. One is the lonely is never now. Right. That was also overdid. And we overdid that way. That way it's not their fault. Oh, look. Was it a need of words fault that they overplayed to my bell? No. So, easy to be hard. Eli's coming. Mama, mama told me not to come. You know, so all of their songs seem to have that same George Gord theme in them. Yeah. Celebrate out in the country. One man banned. Join the world with show we're putting it on there. It's annoying. Lyr. Oh, that's the, oh my god, that's even better than Lyr, Lyr by the castaways. That's the Gregory theme song. Oh my god. I love it. Just an old fashion. Love song. That's annoying. I'm not simply putting it on there, but that was annoying. Corny. Never been to Spain. Yeah. That was okay. Black and white. That was number one. Are you worth that? Nope. A Shambal. Shambal, I was a good song. All right. Show must go on. Right. Oh, I love the show must go on. Yeah, they had some good year right. I totally did. They had some good songs. That's three dog night. And it's not their fault that they played joy to the world. Until this comment until we had grief in the world. Just from that god damn song. Over and over grief tourists. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Pomp and O'Beech, hello. Hey Neil, good afternoon. Yes sir, when is to you sir? I've been in the out of the car. I don't know if anybody mentioned it, but it seems like anything and Murray. Oh, this. Draw. She had a song out there and everything. Oh, I know. I know. I know morning after. No, no, no, no. No, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no. It is a merrily rush. But who would? But Anne Murray. And what's that song? That's one moment. Well, I think so. No bird, I guess. Yeah, that's it. Excellent, Charlie. You got a man. Thanks. Snowbird. Isn't that the one? I think so. Maybe it's not. Let me look up Anne Murray. She's right after Arthur Murray. Canadian, ain't, isn't it? And she's a Canadian late late 18. In fact, on some of the channels here on our weekends when they're doing the and the informational stuff. It's the best of Ann Murray. It's only three cuts on it. But snowboard, Danny Song, you won't see me, you needed me. That was number one, you needed me. Bro, all the songs were going for Corny and Serapy, you know? But snowboard is snowboard is the song. And then it was Danny Song written by Kenny Login for a nephew of the movie. Much better by Kenny Login's snowboard, and Murray get it on there. Get that fish. I mean, yeah. She's married, you know, what a whole bunch of kids. Yeah, what's his wife's name? Jack. 560, 560, on the AT&T. And by the way, because we do have that ballgame color of a 1250 to more of my fishing game with the red sauce, which is no point in not mentioning it now because it's upon us. Instead of playing you be ill in a day, guess what I'm going to play instrumental up to the game? I don't know. Gary Glitter. Since it's on our list, huh? All right. Why to hell not? 21 till 1 at 560, WQAM. You see how hot's getting already like 90 plus just about every day. Just turning on a hot stove to cook dinner, turn you off. Maybe you should start grilling and throw out your barbecue need, chop at barbecue's galore. Barbecue's galores got the guaranteed lowest prices in town and this weekend, they get even lower because barbecue's galores holding their big annual spring sale. This Thursday Friday Saturday and Sunday only take advantage of humongous savings like 15% off on most barbecue's accessories at barbecue's galore. Save over 275 bucks on a 50-to-inch grand turbo stainless steel cart with rear rotisserie stainless grills and side burner and there's nothing like having a rear rotisserie. The price is unbeatable or how about saving on a Weber grill just great for tailgating. There's a barbecue for every price range and smokers and patio heaters and accessories and cookbooks and sauces. All of these things are on sale too. You get a humongous awesome sale prices, an eligible and friendly staff. They'll fit you with the right grill just for you. Top brands great service and the annual spring sale going on Friday through Sunday only at barbecue's galore. They're the barbecue specialists. Save 15% all week in long at barbecue's galore. You'll find them in plantation and coral springs. Call 1-800 grill up for information and exact store locations for barbecue's galore that's 1-800 grill up. Did he talk it or did he talk it? . videos not For a full-bit piece of cardboard, so I decided to shop around. To the square right, pick it out, something cheap, just for you. I found one for just a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow a bow, a bow, a bow, a bow, bow, a bow, a bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, one, bow, bow,ON, shoo! Now the future I'll or love on the rocks by the way. Now, songs sung blue. They played that 65,000 times an hour and a half. Annoying. In fact, he's annoying. Yeah. Somebody says, man, either by Hall of Notes. I don't know. Man, man, man, man. I don't know. Annoying? It's not as annoying as kiss on my list by Hall of Notes. How do you, what were did you just say? Kiss? Oh. Kiss. Kiss. I know the song. I know your kiss. I don't see your thing as I'm eyeless. Okay, you can put that on there. I'd like that song as a matter of fact. And they don't play that all that much. When's the last time you heard that? I don't know. 100 years ago. See, that's what I'm saying. It's a matter of fact. January is a oatmeal month and what better way to celebrate than with a good hot album is the greatest hits of Hall and oatmeal. You'll get songs like, it's a thick rule. It's a thick rule. It's a cool, instant, and some sugar. So you know it's not good. See, money, you can throw at your stapler. See, money is a haywall paper. You'll also get hits like you will have that lumpy feeling. She's gone for another bowl and band leader. That's the greatest hits of Hall and oatmeal. A hearty way to start your day. See, I know we fit that in there. All big trade for the Panthers, big trade, well, he stayed dumped off Valerie Buray. Stiff. I mean, always injured. Er, heard a guilty making excuses from his wife. He's in danger. He's always injured. He's perpetually injured. And we does play. Couldn't put the puck in a good ocean. OK. St. Louis blew his acquired forward Valerie Buray from the Florida Panthers today. St. Louis, the fansman Mike Van Rinn. I never heard of this guy. Van Rine, our buy-in. And if I never heard of him, I'm, you know, such a hockey me, even though I paint our attention to Western conference, he did what's much better. But I never heard of this guy. So I close to Shoya. The Panthers dumped off Valerie in his salary. Bye, Valerie. Don't let the direction he's in the way up. And of course he let us write my hood. Do you know that? No, I did not. Right out there, I think, uh, powered and, uh, hiatus right in that the neck of the woods right out by me. Well, maybe Georgia by your house. I what time we got to get out of here today? Can't believe that we're all done. Huh? Same bad time. Same bad channel. And I went off of my city pole there. It is all we got no problem at all here. So here's the deal. We got to solve the Marlins and Red Sox Exhibition game. Come on, I'll be on after the game. So keep tuning in and out and finding out when it goes to square one. In other words, check back with us later for something you might like like the Humper. And then we got you and baseball tonight is if this isn't enough and it he can't get a baseball game. So we got the most annoying song about time was macaroon of our low-spel Rio 51. You let up my live Debbie boom 38 is the macaroon is pulling away. Don't worry, baby. Bobbin is fair and 20, uh, be happy 20. That's it. Don't worry, baby. Yeah, probably. We just have my money. Don't worry, be happy. Bobbin is fair and 24. Feetings, more is Albert 21. Ring my ability to work night's team and have it my baby and win beneath your thing in Bentonville, or Tywin 15. Oh my god. So we're in a queue. Oh, we're going. Oh, right. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh.