Good morning, Neil. Times up. All right. Get that beast out of there. We're just pleased that's him and it, the disease is his own. His mommy calls the station to see that he's all right. Well, if you were that fed, you're mommy'd be calling every hour, probably. The beast that is day last night, sure that he's getting fed well. The beast that a day last night would have girly met on the internet. Yeah. And it says here the world's phasing to the identity, the prime catastrophe. Do you think the beast has diabetes? I'm your aunt of the girl hand, we had a hair, your arms that he's got. Aaaaaaah! Look at the ears. So you pulled a rug out from your bunny this morning. Pulled it right out from under his faddle, dying ass. Well, at least I'm not stupid. I realized who the breadwinner is. He didn't like this morning. There's a mole again to try to take retoolish shots at yours, truly. Well, what could have looked good as you for? Let him stand out from what a team comes out on the field. Nick and the bumma. And you just pulled a rug right out from underneath him. We wouldn't even have a facility of all of this. There are some moments in the history of this radio station. Believe me, we've had a lot. We wouldn't even have a tower if it wasn't for you. I'm the a cash cow. I know I'm the hammer in the afternoon. I'm a cash pig. You know I'm hanging out with your buddy, Eddie Kateday. Yeah, I heard that. And I wanted to admit that the only reason you're going is because it's a... It's a sponsored thing. Yeah, I got two women forcing me to go. And I think that they're having an affair. The only reason is go to Daniel Highlight is because it's a sponsored thing. And he's hoaring himself for the station. Which is good. How about you, yesterday? You were a real nice double man. I'm trying to avoid answering the question directly. I am going there. Nobody knows what he goes to Highlight with all the reasons. I'm just going for the gambling in this house. Oh, what he goes to Highlight. But he went into K that'll be half of the crowd. Speaking of you, when you last turned to you turned down an advertiser. I didn't think so. I was the last tie. I used to turn down a lot of men before the last season. Even now, if you're so at the leverage position, it's in I touched double and take them all. I'm not a pussy. Anything, man. Which doctors, Magnetic bracelets, Chuba Coppola Killers, what do you name it? Anything you need to do. I need to do ads for the people. I have a credibility when I checked it at the door. Did you know that you're the only studio in the building that has mics that work. Great reading these things. I didn't even let anyone else work in mind. You didn't hear yesterday all the crap we went through in here. They had six engineers on the ceiling here for hours yesterday. Have to get this place straight in there. I know. I heard you just doing the engineers. They sucked. Don't ever pay and believe anything George Corso tells you or Bob Vermouth from Naples. There are a couple of liars. So I didn't buy. See, but what about fix that he's in here catching? It's in his good. That's just funny. He's the only real engineer we got. I'm taking the other guy's stuff. The new guy's stuff. I'm taking with him to the bottom. A little girl. You know what is it? You know what is it? It's a real thing. He's just a silly person. Oh, you're a silly person. They'll always be a silly person. This is really sad. A fat silly person. Your buddy Bill Lindsay got a job. You see, big deal. Yeah, my buddy. I don't know. Paul Laws may have to return. That's my buddy. He's a big fan of the show. Paul Laws. I was going to go to the Panther Fest, but I'm going to be in Vegas. I think it's going to be now without we fucked a law and a law. You know, the NHL is done. They don't need laws. They're going to have him on the team anymore. What are they going to do next? You and they have no hockey. Same thing they'll do this. You know what it'll go. Same thing. Probably a nice day, Neil. See you, Scott. No, no, no. I didn't know you liked the movie and the rap is low. That's a man like me to do. And I liked men with... No, don't hit me with that war. Oh, what? Wow. Oh, cool cool. Now, did you paint the side of this thing like I asked you? Yeah, oh, Mike's like this for a whole radio. Just like he said, I dance the sign. Let me get a good look at you. Oh, I mean, I'm all right. I got a fan go in the sea. I can't go. I'm all right. I got a fan go over the sidewalk to see it. See that? Yeah. I have a good one. Yeah. Don't you get push mail, my boy. I have. Why? You. I have to get to the sea. Oh, wait. What is it? Oh, wait. I'm going to pull. I'm going to pull. I'm going to pull. I don't trick. Why I don't have any to do that. Oh! Oh! Well, at least we're on shore. Yeah. I'm not a fine mess that got me in too. Yeah. Let's see who dropped in here, Jan. Hey, fellas, Dylan. I'm Georgie. That's my uncle, sister, Jan. Howdy. And this here's my brother and my palm, aren't I? My name is after all the bushings. And honor the greatest president in this country ever had. George Washington, buzz. Well, it's really sweet here. You and you and I. You and you and I. Oh, see? Oh, my good Christian friend. I didn't just drop your Georgian get on your knees. You gave your a friend. Don't hate him, a boy. You sure sound funny, but I laughed nearly. Don't. Yeah. Yeah, fight down. I'll be you'll get me. Go ahead. Who's the brother? No. No. No. No. Yeah. You'll be fit like a woman in no time. Who's the brother? I got a sad gift. You get the shirt. I suppose you'll want me to steal now. And don't cheat how you got how you got that. Go now, put that on. Who's the brother? Who's the brother? Who's the brother? Who's the brother? 10-07-5-60 WKM-O, it's your son's laptop that are here today. Then yesterday, don't it? Yeah. Almost sounds good. Almost. Almost. Well, that's what goes. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. We had our engineers crawling on the ceiling. Anyways... Itís right. We've seen his crew doing that right. Guys bite my feet. Our program director was a good guy and paid day the rest of the time kind of mediocre because he's busy doing the beast. Would that silly you have uncrapp? Are you guys from UM ever gonna grow up? No, Jesus Christ almighty, what a joke. It's the heracles, it's the heracles, it's the codes, the codes man, we're doing it. Yeah, we're number one. Can you find the campus? No, there is no campus. Actually, there's no university when you come right down to it. It's all just a big scam. Twelve minutes after 10, by the way, Donna Shalaylow'd be pretty unhappy about that. Too bad bitch, we don't really care about Donna Shalaylow and by the way, we'll put whatever it's how we want on the billboards. How do you like that? Right? So he asked bitch. Twelve minutes after 10, at 5.60 WQA, if I sound like I'm in the surly mood it is because I'm here and I just see they like that though, they do like that. Oh, we like it when he's really pissed off. I'll believe me, you ought to be real happy now. Man is this place the end of the universe or what? Wow, it blows. Want a chance to win a free bear from the Vermont teddy bear company just sign up to be a preferred member. Find out more by calling this tool free number 1-800-829-Bear. That's BEAR or visit their website at Vermont teddy bear.com. If you need a creative gift to celebrate a birthday new baby or wish somebody well do something fun and memorable and send an authentic Vermont teddy bear. Vermont teddy bears are handmade. They can be personalized just for your loved one. They're right a perfect message on your card to add some gourmet carmels or do you say carmels? I always ask that because anybody who says carmels reallyports me off and make sure that it gets delivered on time or to their home or office. Every Vermont teddy bear is guaranteed for life so it'll be loved forever. Just call a friendly bear, castler, tool free 1-800-829-Bear. You can choose from over 100 great bears like the birthday suit bear or no baby bear with the name and birthday it on the bib. Over night and Saturday the deliveries guarantee call 1-800-829-Bear or shop online at Vermont teddy bear.com. Be sure and tell them that ancient Neo-Tority call 1-800-829-Bea-R. And look all this is for 20-560. Wait and wait, yeah. Lee Cow, Erin's coming. Well on the Christian man of God, she justice got dribbled over and viewed with the power to enforce the rule of law and when I spoke to God when I said that I should go. She's on the 10th of May on my son, 5,000. How does goes now on the chiseled room? And come on, Ms. Chiseled room. All night I banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked bank banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked bank banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked bank banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked bank banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked bank banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked bank banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked bank banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked bank banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked bank banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked bank banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked bank banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked bank banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked bank banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked bank banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked bank banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked bank banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked bank banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked bank banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked bank banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked bank banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked bank banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked bank banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked bank banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked middlebound banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked banked bank 28 after 10 at QM, but now you've been hearing me talk a lot about Lamanance Arrasan how Lamanate would floring from Lamanance Arrasan's the easy low maintenance alternative to a very expensive natural wood flooring. Lamanance Arrasan is the best place to find Lamanate and wood flooring from Peridore, Pergo Wilson Art Unifluorn Quickstep. They've got all the top names all installed by Pergo and certified installers like I just said. Here's another reason why I'd be calling Lamanance Arrasan. Their prices are so good, it'll probably floor you'll hit the floor just like Miguel. Right now you can get there some special for just 1995. That's right, just 1995 bucks gets you up to 380 square feet of beautiful Lamanate wood flooring which is positively, absolutely unrelatable. Lamanance Arrasan will match any legitimate written offer too. For a free and home estimate call Lamanance Arrasan toll free at 1-877-777-3336. What could it be easier? They give you free carpet disposal, free furniture, moving at 25-year warranty and years and years of beautiful easy care, Lamanate wood flooring. Call Lamanance Arrasan toll free today and tell that Christy Old hostel Neal told you to call 1-877-777-3336. Lamanance Arrasan toll free today and tell you to call 1-877-3336-3336-3336-3336-3336-3336-3336-3336-3336-3336-3336-3336-3336-3336-3336-3336-3336-3336-3336-3336-3336-3336-3336-3336-3336-3336-3336-3336-3336-3336-3336-3336-3336-3336-3336-3336-3336-3336-3336-3336-3336-3336-3336-3336-3336-3336-3336-3336-3336-3336-3336-3336-3336-3336-3336-3336-3336-3336-3336-3336-3336-3336-3336-3336-3336-3336-3336-33 That's where they'll stay. They're never in control. And when you say Miami, you're talking toilet holders. They're the Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins number. How many things in the week? 32. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. Don't bet on them. You'll always lose. They don't know how to tackle. They don't know how to block. Their coaches ought to tell them to put them day in their trucks. Then they would run much faster and even in defeat. When we go to the stadium, we'll see Miami. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins number. How many things in the week? 32. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. That's seen that hasn't got a clue. Miami has the Dolphins, but the Dolphins have no fans. Just 50,000 assholes sitting in the stands. They watch the game and all they do is mowing right-bend bitch. I wonder how Joe Robbie got to be so goddamn rich and there. The Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins number. How many things in the week? 32. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. I hear the crowd begin to boo. The Dolphins have faith-feetler that quarter backs it to run down the field and he will go up past over you. I'll never win a super bowl you shouldn't be surprised when he gets cut. That doesn't mean that he was circumcised in there. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins number. How many things in the week? 32. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. She calls his signals in Hebrew. The Dolphins have no defense in there. Offences at joke. Like George Bush eating pretzels. You know they're gonna joke. They'll always disappoint you when they're in a playoff race. With fewer points than Parkmarks on high-zingas. Luckily facing there. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins number. How many things in the week? 32. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. I am. Miami Dolphins. Now they're free. I'll bet you anything that would be retired guy on six. Any give up? Give up his soon paly. Bad timing. You're back. You're out of practice. Bad timing. 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Get in online six and you can say, Rick. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. And we might not get too many of these because there maybe there aren't that many. Like you were saying. Right. I'll tell you what inspired me about this. Well, you mentioned Wayne Chandler. I put him on there also. Well, add. Wayne Chandler was an ice guy. He was what was the character he played on the kidcho? Wayne Chandler and the Sunday Fines. Or he didn't play a character like Captain Kangaroo. There was a robot. But he was the host. Anyway, the reason that was inspired, I heard some promo or spot we were running this morning in between. Listen to Rickie, Rickie from Boise and Mark the Dispan. And the voice of Rick Weaver was on there. Have you heard that spot? Yes. Oh. And it reminded me of the plan of getting the blue, the blow, the blow, the blow, the place election. The greatest, of course, of all dolphin broadcasters make no mistake about it. The original, the best, Rick Weaver. He's funny right out of his jacks, right? Now you'll hear most say nothing like that. I mean, Moe's good to play by play. I mean, I'll fear and I'm sorry for always going out. He's the bad. No, he's not. Rick Weaver was 10 times better than Moe and just he had a flare. You know, he had something. A living icon. Well, when he was living. He was a living icon when he was living. That's correct. So I thought to myself, why have you not been so many people coming gone? And I thought this would be an interesting thing. A little change of pace. Who was your favorite soft-loader radio or TV personality who was now dead? Okay. But when we're carrying K. She died, although quite frankly, the news pleases me more than I could hear. Bill Carter, that's why I voted for. Of course, I was close personal friends with Bill, but he was, we had a great time. Great time on and off the Earth, especially at the track. Bill Carter, Mike Winnery, Rick Weaver, Big Wilson, Wayne Chandler, those are the only names that come to mind immediately, but there obviously are many, many, many over the years. And this are Ralph Rennick. Right. See there. You go. Let me write these down. Ralph Redneck. Good night and made a good news. Be yours. Remember that? Sure. Do you? I do as a child. I see. Good night. Made a good news. He was so stiff. You know, of course. That's bad. See this. Well, though we can make jokes about dead people because I've always told you. It's not a question of this respect. They don't care. They're dead. They're going to bond up with what I die. Please. Okay. Let me mark the date on the calendar. Miguel marked it in the calendar. We can have a party. Although Teddy and mine, you'll be upset. He likes you. Chris, he's a chronic. Why? I said thanks, Ted. Do you know who that is? He's a chronic factor. I see. Okay. He likes you. Always got plenty of bitches about. He's got all kinds of complaints. Too bad. Look at Teddy. We'll get you a facts in time. In time. As Linda Blair would say. Ralph Rennick and Bishop Seed the list is growing already. How much of the sort of, this has got some names for the list? So far we got my greenery with it. Now Rick Weaver was great. He wasn't he wasn't a nice person. He was a, I will say this. There were some similarities there with Mo. He smelled bad. His personal hygiene was horrible. And he was a pompous self-indulgent ass. I remember the call was one time we went to dinner with Rick and his wife. Yeah. And all he talked about was himself. The entire time. That's all he talked about was him. He talked about many of him remote with Rick Weaver. Yeah. Only ever a gentleman sat right next to him. Like I said, he was a pretty good guy. We come this far. We've heard of what we got now. Professional didn't talk down to anyone that I saw. I wonder where he is now. He is on clear straight right now. I hope he's having a good time. I wonder how did he get to the point where he was on the list? How did he get to the point where he was on the list? Oh, you remember that? Oh, yeah. How did his part on the list of sipping mud? Oh, brother. Now that was bad because his wife died. She was ill with cancer for a long time. She passed away. And he allowed the obligatory amount of time to pass and he moved off to Mississippi when he forced him to retire. And he came back to an house to us that he was getting more action in Mississippi than everyone he was alive. Who to felt it? Well, no. Especially in his case because he smelled so bad. Well, maybe it must have been the error smell. So bad. I can't really tell the difference. You know? I thought he smelled fine. Rick Weaver told Roger. Yeah. I didn't spend that time. I must have a round of Bill Caudies to tell me that Rick has smelled kind of funky. You know what I mean? Old people. Although I will say this, I never did see him pulled Dingo Buries out of his eyes in public. I never saw that. Yeah, do you hear? Or read just his package in public. He had a nice head of hair. Right. In fact, he was sure he was seen as a classy, a seaming guy. I'm not saying that he was classy, but he put on a good, you know. I'm sure he had the potential to be a prick. I just never saw it. He had a potential prick. Well, I know somebody else has got a potential prick. Absolutely. But that's another stir for another day. Don't be picking on him now just because for all through one of the bus this morning. Let's go and Scott. I'm Scott. So we'll add to that list. We'll just end. And I just want to say this before we do the break. You know, you people out there and it's my own fall for getting sucked in yesterday. Because I'm weak. Because I try to please the audience. I try to let them, you know. What do you guys want? You know. Bad mistake. This is not going to happen again today. It's not going to happen tomorrow. Of course tomorrow's Wednesday. Anyways, hump day. It's not going to happen Thursday. It's a good happen Friday. No chance. The one to two hour like I said, this is the week before Labor Day. There's still is nobody out there. So this business. Oh, that one to two hour with all the bits is terrible. And I asked. I did ask the question. And I got sucked in by just two or three people into taking calls and Believe you me by one. They had run out of material. By one minute past ten. They had run out of material. So don't try to suck us in again. Okay. It's one thing to suck us. But don't try to suck us in. Hey, Tricks. Must be golden in. Look at your nipples. And a pop and not like Bob or Bush's eyeballs. Tavis. Hi, Clarence. I'm going to be so hot. Are both these eight stake and photo. Please. Down. When she can. And the other cheese. Yeah. She. I've been wanting to thank you for decorating my apartment with all those posters of her game players. I was the least I could do after you gave me that Larry Coke and Bob on. I don't know. Oh, no. I never did your kitchen. All right. Everybody sit out and shut up. Welcome to the WQI M. Cooper Forum on sexual harassment. And issue of particular proportions. They believe me, breter. I ought to know. And now without any further ado, Do do. Are you the the the microphone to my close face and a friend? The illustraneous Mr. Greg Reed. What did he do ladies and gentlemen? This is Greg Reed, welcoming you to the WQI M. Corporate Forum on sexual harassment. And now, let me start off by saying that any employee Fredronization will be dealt with severely. And without any mercy. Yeah, unless of course it's myself. And why not? I own the place. And now, furthermore. Come on, baby. Just want me to be here. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. Claring. Mr. Reed stopped nibbling on the beast's arm. Will it be? I'm gonna be this little cut-able. And now look. And moles getting rink. Oh, yeah. Both of them are the word. I can't see this one in a hole. It is. You're a lot. You're a lot of animal. You're a whole so unclean. What is it for rapper? Get away from me. Stop it. Stop it. You're more scary. Stop it. Stop it. You know, if we don't get numb, I'm not stopping because of that. I'm looking because this light is not on here. Oh. So, for right, you can bitch all you want about the crappy equipment you got over there. But this piece of crap. Look at that. You got a bang on it and twist it in jamming in the button too. We got nothing but service in here. Let's get fix it in here to straighten this thing out because if we have to depend on George Corsair, it'll be 2525. We'll have to call up Zagran Evans to fix this place. That's how bad he is. To see the worst. Here are a couple more dead personalities for our poll today. Sonny Hirsch and Clare Mosher. Who? That's way before your time. And by time, too. He was a sports guy. I think I'm channel 7. They had sports back then. And maybe like on GBS. And I bet you can mold and members. Clare Mosher. Sonny Hirsch. How could we forget? So when we, well, look, if we put them all on there, what's the point of giving a pull out, right? That's true. How are we going to kill any good time with that? Good. Look at this. We already got 15 votes for Renuri and 15 for Mr. Weaver. Mr. Weaver, don't make mistakes. Big Wilson's 7. Wayne's Chandler, Forbes, Bill Codder, only 3. Where are all the other names supposed to be on there? Where is Ralph Renek? Where is Ann Bishop? Where is Sonny Hirsch and Clare Mosher? What do we need him? How about Ron Harrison? Huh. What are you looking off to decide? What does that mean? Ron Harrison sports guy. Okay. Don't you remember he kind of like had a little problem? Oh, that's right. Little gun problem. Who is brain sound? Ron Harrison. Ron was a good guy. He used to call a show all the time. That's right. Sure. That's him. He used to drive. He used to commute all the way from down in a keez. There's somewhere all the way up to this guy. Blossom. I can throw out of my head. Well, there you go. So this will make him a lot of memories. Most of them bad, but that's the way it is. We'll get him out of our system. We'll have like a re-gurgitation party. 560560 pound five 60 on the AT&T in Verizon line. WDQAM. Oh, I'm yes. Hi, can I get on? You're on right now. How are you doing? Good. Good. Good. I'm going out the west of my area. Who the hell is he? Guy who was? I'd bring him with the TV host of Midale Theatre. It was just to be on news to tell you. Big Wilson, dead. Anything. He's on our list. He's got seven votes. He said he said it to Piano with the owl thing on the piano. That's right. That's right. Now with the officer, radio officer. He was one of the great entertainers on WOD. Who's there with Larry King and Renery and Bill Colter? With the officer on cat radio by Ancients. Big Wilson, not that I know of. Okay. Now, cat radio station used to be off of Bay Road, correct? That is correct. That was an off of Bay Road. It was on. It was 759 Bay Road. 1759 Bay Road. That's right. Where the, uh, the three brothers, the get brothers that they're recording studio. I didn't do that. Did they? I think it was already cost street from there. I'll be there. I think it was 1701. Okay. That's what I thought. Thanks a lot. Okay. And right there. There you go. A little history that I mean. Talk about ancient history. 1759 Bay Road WKAT. Frank Casantine, Sidlevend, Sidvikid. Thanks, said. You can blame Sidlevend for me being here right now. I would all be him. Who might be the now? Craig Worthing, Jim Alton, Lynn Russell, Sunny Hirsch. Uh, Roshindler, Shirley Spellerberg. Mark Steinbaum. No. David Gravy Line. That's right. How much did it know? David Gravy Line did at your service. I mean, I should have also produced my show. Wouldn't put my costume. That's what you told. David Gravy Line. What it is fixed is that's the only engineer that we can count on. You're our great, uh, pink hope. I was going to say white hope, but you're like, so bizarre. No, but this, uh, this is screwed up. The mics which in here, like sometimes you hit it. And the light goes on and sometimes it doesn't go on, but your mic is still on. And you really don't know. It's kind of like Russian red, which have all the pots. It's probably not the good one to be playing Russian red, especially with the potty mop like me on here. And of course George, forget about. So, fix it says, have no fear because I'm here. I'll take care of it. Oh, how could we forget George, your slipman, you are slipman. Somebody faxes in a hole, Mr. Robby Young. Oh. Yeah. We're doomed. You're doomed, man. You are doomed. That's what Robby said. How about you? We have that misspelled in here too. Oh, no, there it is. Good people are shit. Damn bad. I have to not only have to be brought up by that bandit's family, but if I wanted to buy from time on your station, I couldn't. You don't have real people in September for it. You don't have it on your regular number. I would have to be a guest. I'm one of your top shows, or I think it's your A&M, the W-I-O-D. They won't even call me back and call me what the name of the show is. I won't on your station in 1954. I'm sort of proud of that guy, Miami. But by time, I influence people who buy time. If you're okay, get it together to be a better way to stay. If you were a common rein station or an EBS station, I think you could take a damn frequency. Which my grandmother's friend Chetty J put on the era in 1926? Oh, you're a random damn thing often, get out of the business. You people ought to be a ginger dog. My name is Rubbing Young. The top home number is a motel in Miami. From 13, you people ought to be ashamed. You shouldn't need to be running that facility. I used to be the boss of the damn thing, in 1926. I ran to damn thing, I ran to you. You are a terrible. You have no credit vote of the Nvidia. Now, if I were a bit before I get on the phone to Petson, you get on the phone to me. You can take that from a normal one, but if the sale goes through, but it will be because you're doing many hours. Well, I was really when he was still alive. How could we forgotten Rubbing Young? I'd say who else we haven't put on, you're going to be ashamed and embarrassed and humiliating. Oh, Alan Burke. Oh, Alan. I met him once. What does that have to do with it? Is this pull about you? No, but I like why would I remember Alan Burke? I used to listen to him because he was proud of it because he was a big name. Not what I was around. The Dean. Yeah, whatever. That's Mr. Burke to you, dummy. Talk radio back what you said. Do you still have that cart? Maybe. I'll play some... No, you don't have to play it any more. No! Look at that, you just found it. Don't be dick and around with it. We don't have a lot of time for this crap. That's messed up back to you, dummy. Ha ha ha ha! This is great. Of course anybody under the age of 100 don't remember these people, but you know what? Too bad, too stinking bad. You'll give you old, you'll be old and people like me and most of them too, and Hank. And everybody on this radio station. That's the only reason they're listening to for real because he's the only one we got under 90. Right, that's right. That's exactly right. He's the only guy we got under the age of 100. Well, that's what's in the man dog. I got news for him. No spring chicken. Mad dog was in here yesterday. We abandoned briefly. He was ecstatic to see me in the feeling was vice-versy. In fact, he's so ecstatic about doing this to the forething now. You have no idea. He just peed all over me. I had to change out of our four times. Is he on today? Let me take a look. Or do you never know because I see he's not on tomorrow because they got that long trip to Jacksonville, but I put ball game on through to New Orleans. Where would it have gone? New Orleans. We got the mad dog. Is on today in the studio. Then we got the great, why the, the secret. The secret weapon is fulfilling for the Humper. Here's the guy. He'll be on his four. Four to six thirty. You got your Marlins on deck at six thirty. Marlins at the Pirates a crucial. The Marlins backed into a tower to fill his last neck as Marlins had the night off and the fill his lost again, which the fillies are losing every day now. So they're time for the wildcard, which even George is very excited about that. Marlins at the Pirates at 705 tonight. Eddie K. follows that. He'll tell you all about his, then your high-lice scan with, uh, for real. And then you got you on Markle overnight two to five in the morning as the lead in for the mole man. Didn't see them all man this morning. Mr. I didn't. In fact, I drove real slow. Well, it was raining. That was a goal. I would drove in slow mode so I could see no mole. And he used to pitch in the, uh, for, for the match, and he had a really good, really good, really good. Who was your favorite sound photo ready or TV personality who was now dead? That's our pull question today. 64 votes. Mike winner a 23. Rick weaver 17. Big Wilson 13. Bill Carter six Wayne Chandler five. We're all these other names. How are we communicating these to him? I need to let's talk all the time. Oh, Jesus. He might have been off to the bathroom or something. Oh, yeah. We don't know where that could be. We like that. Oh my god. Imagine the gigantic dumpsy takes. God. The whole foundation of Disney World shakes when he takes a dump up there. So somebody facts as me all these names. I mean, I have no idea why. Uh, just about. Oh, but here's one. Lead you let. I totally forgot. See, I never would have thought about that. Neither would you lead you let. I really age had a little bit of a problem. Yeah, well, I mean, he did right. And you won't see him. What? Oh, that was bad. Oh, when you won't see him no more, okay? I see I'm on as list and Ricky Tiki Shaw. And look who else is on here who's still alive. Bill Tanner. What? He's on here. In fact, she's got kind of like a floating name on the list. He floats all over the place. She's real tight with the muff by the way. Miss Tanner. Russell, waste is on here too. I've never tell you about my dinner with the. Yeah. Oh. What a business boys and girls. Let me say it. Jerry Sullivan's on here too. Jerry, who stood in the studio that day. They weren't working that day. I don't think so. I stood at the right against the wall there where that picture that hut the bitches up there in a wall. Right there and just stared at him while watching the show on a day when I couldn't buy a call for lover money and I was playing music and getting all aggravated. He just kept standing there. And I remember going up front to Cheryl and saying, you know, Jerry's a good guy, but why the hell is that son of a bitch standing there? I'm like dying out of fine and having a brutal day. And he's standing there like observing the show, you know. Taking notes. I don't know if he's taking notes or not, but he was basically an asshole. He's a guy that looks his poor 20560. You way, yeah. I'm a asshole. Yeah. I'm a man. I'm a guy. I'm a guy. I'm a guy. I'm a guy. I'm a guy. I'm a guy. I'm a guy. I'm a guy. I'm a guy. I'm a guy. I'm a guy. I'm a guy. I'm a guy. I'm a guy. I'm a guy. I'm a guy. I'm a guy. I'm a guy. I'm a guy. I'm a guy. I'm a guy. I'm a guy. I'm a guy. I'm a guy. I'm a guy. I'm a guy. I'm a guy. I'm a guy. I'm a guy. I'm a guy. I'm a guy. I'm a guy. I'm a guy. I'm a guy. I'm a guy. I'm a guy. I'm a guy. I'm a guy. I'm a guy. I'm a guy. I'm a guy. I'm a guy. I'm a guy. I'm a guy. I'm a guy. I'm a guy. I'm a guy. I'm a guy. I'm a guy. I'm a guy. I'm a guy. I thought it was like a county agency or something. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I was a guy. I didn't say he would hurt him. The last night he was on was like on a Friday night. He took you and he died. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a good guy. He left here and went to Detroit. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He had a good idea. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He blew his brains out. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He was a guy. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. He touched this. The Middle Eastern World Will be exploded to dominate people with the gas that we sold him. First time a crusher nation and only one left going. The people who are now forgotten and exploited and stayed. They are going after a time to play Keto's summer. They are so long and mentioned. They have been loaded. But no one has seen the sound of the conflict. Believe in every word of this part. The Middle Eastern World Will be exploded. The Middle Eastern World Will be exploded. The Middle Eastern World Will be exploded. The Middle Eastern World Will be exploded. The Middle Eastern World Will be exploded. The Middle Eastern World Will be exploded. The Middle Eastern World The Loser Civil Rights Is the price that we're paying. We're all suspects now. Not the Ash Prop is safe. I have nothing to hide. Table talkers all are saying. I know Biddy and cattle don't have any reservations. Bought them for a boat. Fattle and World and I Ozee. Old Regents must fall. It has a virgin and stowed with no objection at all. Till the crackstone has a fall and the right wing is drilling it over and over until Offerate watchman. I rack cast up. Mepin the fastest rock shot. Only I rack cast up. Mepin the fastest rock shot. More interesting guys. is nominee for this Supreme Court. And you know, there's lots of people who's out there that they think just cause I smoke a little marijuana when I say cottage. And it wasn't as it would have. Here enjoy. Yeah, maybe sing our side, you're an order, maybe y'all. Then they don't think I'm fit to be on the Supreme Court. Yeah, I got it, Munchies. That's who this quick and get out of here. I want to teach our straight. When I'm top of you in the law, I don't just review the law. There y'all. I mean, talking. And I don't get to the east. And I don't get to the west. And I don't get why I look up Santerdale, Panos, best. I'll be talking. Let's go wear it one y'all. Announcing the show you've been waiting for, America. It's Tonya Heighting's ice cafe. Here's a linty gold medalist, Caterina Vitt. Yes, skating to the classics. Oh, nice split jump there. Where comes her takeoff? Into a double-land? Oh, she's down. She's an agony. Now it's Brian Batano, attempting a triple-sauke. Oh, he rarely got her. A perfectly executed triple-sion assault by Tonya Harding. See the precision team of Tonya Harding, kept Gullily in her bad guy bodyguard, wipe out Skater after Skater. Oh, now, Chris the avidooch. She's down. The ice. It's fun, Boba Hall family. Especially if we'll take Corioni or Gadi family. What are your tickets for Tonya Heighting's ice cafe? He's an rule cross-excepted. Tonight, on an all-new, touched by an uncle, Tommy gets a visit from Old Uncle Billy, fresh from a prison-work release program. Hey, Tommy, have you ever seen my impression of Dumbo di Elephant? Tonight, on an all-new, heartwarming episode of touched by an uncle. So, Tommy, do you like the watch Gladiator? Oh, yeah, I got that something. I'm making it in my glass. Yeah, you, I make it born. And I'm your nail glimpser. Yeah, I'm your nail glimpser. Yeah, I'm your nail glimpser. They seem so sweet to me. With their firm little cans, little boys need to be with me because I'm a damn glimpser. Yeah, I'm a nail glimpser. Yeah, I'm a nail glimpser. They live through them, kid. I'll give you candy. It'll ride. You can sit on my lap and I will. Let you drive, let you drive, let you drive. Yeah, you, shake your mouth in. When you wear your little pants, don't tell. All this little secret. Because I'm your nail glimpser. Yeah, I'm your nail glimpser. Yeah, I'm your nail glimpser. And when I shower, I'll invite you inside. And when I touch your little parts, I get high. I get high. I get high. Oh, yeah, I got that something. I'm a key in my glass. Yeah, you, I make it born. And I'm your nail glimpser. Yeah, I'm your nail glimpser. Yeah, I'm your nail glimpser. Yeah, I'm your nail glimpser. I didn't know you liked doing it in the rapids, no? That's a manly thing to do. And I liked men. With. Oh, don't hit me with that one. Oh, what? Wow. Oh, who could you? Now, did you paint the side of this thing like I asked you? No, I did. I did this before, but maybe I'll just like you said, I'll dance the side. Let me get a good look. Oh, I mean, I'm all right. I got a friend's over the sea. I can't help. I'm a friend's over the side, but I'll see you. That's it. Yeah, I'm a friend's over the sea. Oh, yeah, don't you could push me over, but I'm happy. Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? We're at least we're on shore. Yeah, the wood did this. And not a fine measure got me and hoof. Yeah, let's see who dropped in here, Jansk. Yeah, hey, fellas. No one. I'm Georgie. That's my uncle, sister, Jansk. Howdy. And this hurts my brother and my palm, aren't I? My name is Abarol, the bushings in honor of the greatest president in this country ever had. George Washington, buzz. Well, it's really sweet, you know what I mean? You ain't doing anywhere, sister. Oh, see? Oh, my good, twisted friend. Didn't you drop your jersey and get on your head? You're too dear, friend. But wait, I'm a boy. You sure sound funny, but I lack your way. Don't you? Yeah! Yeah, fight down. You get used to it, come on. No, no, no, no, no, no. Yeah, you'll be feeling like a woman in no time. I got it back here. You get the shirt. I suppose you want me to steal now, eh? Don't you have your gun, huh? You have not put that on. You're too good, you're too good. You're too good, you're too good. You're too good, you're too good. Connie, till 2 and 5, 60 of WC, we got the mad dog coming along at 2 o'clock. At 4, it's the secret ingredient. The secret weapon, Joseph Gackie, would not barely join you. Someone at her, Cune droppings. We got the 76 votes for Reneri, who was your favorite softwater radio or TV personality who was now date. Mike winner of 76, Rick we were 52, Sunnyhurst 39, Big Wilson 37. Got a surprising, huh? I was going to vote for Bello Big. Glenn the Bird Hill 36 and Bishop 35, Bill Carter 23, Ralph Redneck 18. Jack Cool 12, Roby Young 10, Allen Burke the D-9, Wayne Chandler 8. Dave Dixonate, everybody else kind of, small potato so far. If you're underpaid, if you're overworked and really under appreciated, how'd you like to get out of that crappy job and get yourself a real life a new hot pan career before the end of this year? Pick up the photo call Fast Train tool for you at 1, 86, fast train, be sure to tell the Todd Drec toward you to call. Fast train can have you trained in certified before years end. The demand for computer professionals continues to grow, so there's no better time than right now to get you a new hot pan job. Fast train offers job placement assistance can be a daily weekend schedules, and because now they got six locations all over town, there is bound to be a fast train convenient nearby you. Fast train offers financial assistance for people to qualify too, so call them today tool free you got nothing lose but a real crappy job in a desperate life. Call 1, 86, fast train. That's 1, 86, fast train is no excuse to stay, and I did end job another day. Check them out on the web if you like it fast train.com and then call them tool free and be sure to mention Todd Drec's name when you call 1, 86, fast train. Fast train Fast train hacer unit recording Fast trainして easiest train. Pass trains land nasty weather. Uses con With some sign It's full the turn black. Oh, that's terrible. I'm a big basketballer. Harble make the call, Eisner. What what what call said? Another honor. I went to pay for she's getting a little bush. Well, she's separated. There's some chemistry to her eyes there. She wants me to make you a just afraid to make the move on the big eye. But sir, with all due respect, you're you're a mouse. Hey, don't tell me I know I'm a mouse. I'm hot, though. She wants me. I can tell. Do you have my pin biser? Okay, okay, sir. I'll make the call. Hang on a minute. Venus! I'm going to think of that song remiss to not sing that song anymore. If he don't ask every egg. Happy song, boss. It doesn't make me happy. It makes me want to strangle you. Eisner? Yes, sir. I do want to tell you one good thing you're doing. Okay. I'll talk to you for a little bit. You're finally put this on the map about thing. Wait a go, Eisner. Well, sir, that's actually the fox network. Don't correct me, Eisner. Remus? What are you doing, Remus? Get in here, boss, and play with Simbo. Don't play the Simbo for him, I'm on the ball, Remus. Rex is written in the empty hand, boss. It's Disneyland Band Band, is terrible. That's right, they need me, boss. Don't play a Simbo again, Remus. Eisner? Yes, sir. What are we running? Well, sir, we've got the bachelor. Oh, that's right. That's still a bit fire-steam kid. Was that poor peaton grin? No, no, sir. It's a fire stone. I know. Yes, sir. Don't you correct me. What's his name? What's his name? Oh, firesteam. No, you went in, it's fire stone. You live alone, the neighbor, the bachelor? Oh, I'm having sex. What's this information I have to read about Peter Jennings? Oh, what about Peter? So he's doing a fine job. How is it going, Bob? Remus? I swear, I'm God. I will take your head between my white glove hands and flu shit. I'm gonna lose stress, boss. What's the man in Nick and Durham past, you? The Nick and Durham past, you don't smoke, Remus? And Raphit. Get out of here, you moron. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Well, Mr. Jennings is doing a fine job. Peter Jennings is terrible. He's French. Well, actually, sorry, it's Canadian. Uh, uh, uh, uh, I just want to tell you about correct me. What is Peter Jennings? Sir. He's French. No, you moron, he's Canadian. TCA, go find network. You don't even know what he does. Why don't I keep you around,izer? I don't know. Why,izer? I don't know. You are, say it. Killing me? No, and me. And get all of it, try to get me on that bachelor's shelf. Sir, you're married, mouse. Hey,izer. Yes? I don't want a marium. I don't want to date those 25 girls. I just want to stop them. Okay, read it. It puts the lotion in the basket. It makes it all up. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts them all together. It puts the lotion in the basket. When the eyeballs fall down, it runs the lotion in the basket that it has to do with the mouth. It puts the lotion in the basket. It's my diapeto gasket. It puts the lotion in the basket. He's rubbing down my blood. It puts the lotion in the basket. I have to try to eat my skin, so can't it? It works the lotion in the basket. I said, I said, I said, I said, I like to pass around this way. I said, I said, I said, I said, I like to pass around this way. I said, I want to look for luck. My name is Paparote. I'm a person in the basket. It takes it for my skin. It puts the large in the basket. I owe it by PPIT. It puts the large in the basket. How much does it throw? It puts the large in the basket. I've got my skin so many more necklaces. I'm home Springs to Palm Beach. She's filled every basement. We're together with the country. And now, get ready, Helen. I'm here. I'm here. I'm home Springs to Palm Beach. She's filled every basement. We're together with the country. And now, get ready, Helen. I'm here. I'm here. I love you. True. This Sunday, one afternoon only, another singing blue air on the record door. It is my blue. It is well-s. This white, really takes us. If I ever fall in love, I'll be up to noon in the basement. Work almost a melody, please. I'm going to give an hour down. Let's play some gas, but sing a long game. Thank you, Laura. Make a wish. I'm in love. Where to go? On the purple press, sing what we're in. No tears, Laura. What makes me so happy? I hear calling my calling. The whole night through. First time all of your heroic moments is safe. These men are almost responding to my thoughts, There you go. Better watch it again a few more times. Alright, give that. 1. 1. 1. 5. 60 WQM is you want to read a go and pick out how about trying the number one Asian buffet restaurant of the university air-mold coast Chinese buffet with three great locations for you. They're in sunrise, North Mammoth Beach and prestigious Pembroke Pines now. Start out with one or two or all six of their great soups, sampled dozens and zillions of succulent entourage like the earth strip. Made to order at the gourmet center, their sizzling Asian grill with grilled shrimp scampy style, jumbo scallops wrapped in bacon and the brand new seafood sain jok. Then try the new Dungeonous crab and ginger and scallions. Handcarp primer and the new Oriental chicken salad to it. Don't forget, you walk out of there with a big smile on your post and a full stomach never a headache because, at the airport, there's no crap. The MSG, no cornstarch, they cook only with cholesterol for your ears too. The buffet features a full salad bar sushi bar fresh from cocktail and if you have any room at the end which will be a miracle but if you do, they've got a full dessert station, featuring Pines and cakes, pastries, ice cream with all your favorite toppings, the perfect ending to a gigantic pickout. The most memorable coast you'll find in the summer is Pine Island of 44th Street. There aren't columns out of just north of 163 north Miami Beach and the intersex de fliming when Pembroke roads in Pembroke Pines. So take the old family or book your next business lunch and right now, all size parties are welcome. Let the folks in Emblem Coast do the Kung Fuori it's a fantastic feast. Take up the available two called 954, 57723822, 954, 57723822 for the world amazing, cold coast Chinese buffet. Take 4 plate. Ladies and gentlemen, the items for the necko. Alright, before we get started, what is that smell? That's my new color. It smells like onion dip. What is it? That's onion dip color. That explains it I guess. That's right. Next question. You know, those are all the speculation that you will all up please. You know, there was all that speculation that you weren't going to run. I know, I fool the whole world. What changed your mind? What mind? What changed your decision to run for governor? The seasons are easy to make when you're informed. What does that mean? It's onion dip color. No, I don't mean about the clone. I mean, what does that statement mean? Right. Next question. What is that? What do sacramental? I will pump up sacramental. What exactly are you going to do that? I'm going to pump it up. How? By pumping. This is a government. This isn't a gym. No, pumping. Speaking of pumping, there have been some allegations. If you have, uh... Oh, such a straight half of where you tread small report to man. Well there've been reports that you have straight in your mind. Tra... Tra... You straight? It's onion dip clon It's very nice. Thank you. I'm going to pump up Sacramento is the governor. I will be the best governor of California since you would Humphrey He was never the governor of California exactly It's 1, 2, 3 June No Goast 1, 2, 1, 4, 5, 11, 11, 11lle Liangndheh Liangndheh Haeng up right now What ever you calls and it could be a karaoke show 표 does brighten the takeogy? things we can't see all of our rights just with play today And we think of it just all the way But we don't know if you're gonna be the way But we don't know if it wasn't how we're you thinking of But we don't know if you're gonna be the way But we don't know if you're gonna be the way Go over it like I'll be a save by me But we think of it just all the way Car theft is on the rocks In America a car is stolen every 12 seconds What can you do to protect your car? An expensive car alarm system won't protect your car from being stolen The club won't protect the valuables inside your car But a big black guy named Ben can You do to wear from the car mother fucker For less than you'd pay for an expensive car alarm system And even less than you'd pay for the club You can get a big black guy named Ben to protect your automobile You to wear from the car mother fucker It's simple to use just leave the big black guy named Ben in your car Whenever you get out and he does the rest Whenever anyone gets within six feet of your car Ben simply gets out of the car And tells them you to wear from the car mother fucker Listen to these testimonials from people who use a fake black guy named Ben It's always nice to have someone to ride with Although he really doesn't say much You to wear from the car mother fucker That's about it I didn't get a big black guy named Ben to chat with I got him to protect my car This is the best investment I've ever made Many of it isn't that great There have been a lot of car stuff I can't tell you how many times I've heard You'd have wear from the car mother fucker Knowing that I've got a big black guy named Ben protecting my car Let's be sleep better at times Call now 1-800-1 big guy That's 1-800-1-B-I-G-U-I And instead of hearing this You'll hear this You didn't wear from the car mother fucker Bye bye bye I got none