G-DALF! I'm Zesty! W-U-A-M-R-S! W-U-Q-A-M-Boon-Cap! Starring honeypies, as such a Phil'sanner. Robert Reed has Colonel Grecry. Sheldon Leonard and Jeff the Boys, and Andy Dick, as Ivan Stump Lindsey. What's your problem, Wendy? I can get my headlights straight. W-What? Get out there on the grinder. Okay! W-What? I mean, just like... Stepnimbly on those heel-sister. S-P-T-L-O-P-I! What, hundred? S-P-T-O-P-I! What, hundred? Hey, buddy, look at how deep I'm the point. Any other deep-o-foo-hoo-hoo-hoo! I heard that private deep-o-oh. Oh, hi, hi, hi, hi. We've got the Colonel Rezofus on the double. Oh, hi, yes, lately. Reportin' his audit in Colonel Ree? Well, that is private. Thanks, sir. And now look at it. There's a mole in the company. Oh, sir. But yes. And I'd like to know that might be. Well, yeah. I think it's you, sir. Oh, no. No, no. Because they'll never know it's me. Oh, run away. Come on, hi. Stop the gig, I got the balls. You can't find it. You can't find it. I don't go when I've been told. I don't go when I've been told. I don't go when I've been told. I don't go when I've been told. I don't go when I've been told. Yeah, go, yeah, go, yeah, go. Yeah, go, yeah, go, yeah, go. Yeah, go, yeah, go, go, go, go. Yeah, go, yeah, go. I'll be... Go, be... I'll be... Go check with that squeaky voice, you 50. Now drop and give me 20 push-ups. Yes, right now. I'm just squeaky. Just squeaky. No, not that way. No. On top of Cairo. Oh! Yeah! No! No! No! Nobody wants to be. No, it's a bad race. No, no, no. Wow, tell me three, all week long, this clock is been a minute fast. And they must take a together room that I'm real anxious to get out of here, which is right about that. But all week long has been a minute fast. Now we got the right time. Oh! That's really good. That last old fart that called up on Bocafriter. Oh, what about the arages? You're listening right now. You silly old bastard. Okay, go empty out the bag before you go call on any radio talk shows. We can smell it right over the phone. God. So what's going on? Happy Thursday, Tue. Let's see. We got a big of an appearance. They were only eight, 790 bucks short of 40 grand. That's not too bad. We're starting to make a little progress. Now that's November 13. From noon to two today, the QMFB and Marine Max boats at 700 South Federal Highway in Papua, and Obeach. The lovely Miguel will be there. He'll be peddling his wares. courtesy of the real yellow pages from Bell South. First 15 people that don't need to abandon Pat Rescue and pick up some of our merchandise. We'll get a movie passcode for two people with special showing of timeline on the 25th day of Yembre. So that's a noon to two today at Marine Max boats. 700 South Federal Highway in Papua, Obeach. 790 bucks. We ought to be able to raise that here before noon. Especially now that I'm here in the flesh. Those checks, that door ought to be open and people ought to be just pouring the checks in here. We haven't given it time so far. There are two articles in the newspapers this morning. Needless to say, I see, or the first check just came in right now. Needless to say, Scott Ferrell and here no more. And for the old fart I called again. I heard a couple of those this morning. I'm not going anywhere. Okay. What about the arages? Yeah. Let's clean it all up. Let's just talk sports. 28 hours a day. Let's talk about that great quarter back. They used to play for Florida in a hundred years ago. Are you old cockers out there, man? It's really sad. You're the ones who destroyed this area. Make it a place that nobody with a brain. Nobody with more than 50 cent in their pocket. We really want to stay in no matter what they tell you. Don't believe anybody. At any rate. For all is gone. And I guess, you know, we're going to talk about it. In fact, I got a great poll question, which would include that. But a lot of other things as well. I guess I'll read the first two articles first before I address it myself. Because I have a lot to say about it. Let me just say this. When you're a little kid growing up. And you go in the kitchen. And the electric stove is on. And mommy says, hey, a Johnny, don't put your hand on the stove. You're going to burn yourself. And Johnny, sure enough, puts his hand on the stove. Oh, geez. And burns his ass. You know what I mean? Just burns the hell out of himself. And it's not good. It hurts like hell. And about a day or two later. Johnny comes whileing into the kitchen. And the burner is on. And Johnny just sticks his hand right back on that stove over and over again. See, I like Scott. Well, I, we got along fine. I thought it was a good guy. I think he is a pretty good guy. But he's, he's his own worst enemy. In fact, he, I think he's got a death wish. I really do. He has a death wish. How many times can you let your right of reputation? How many times can you keep getting fired for doing the same thing over and over again? If like, tell him, Johnny, quit putting your hand on the stove and Johnny says, Ah, blah, blah, blah, you're not going to tell me that to put my hand on the stove. Mommy and Johnny keeps going back in their inputs his hand on the stove. And sure enough, Johnny keeps getting burned. Now, you can build up a very impressive resume of working about 600 radio stations about 3, 4 months of peace. I mean, it's impressive from the standpoint. There's a lot of names on it. But it doesn't really create what you call job security. And how many times did I tell him off and on the air for the people who listen on the air? Take the money to the bank. Lath all the way to the bank. Do whatever they want you to do and just go to the bank. Couldn't do it. He just couldn't do it. It would be like if I open the show this morning by playing the un-experated version of Condalisa. That would be a hell. Pluck having a death wish. When you work for people and they say, you can't do this. You mustn't do this. You know what it means? You can't do it. You just can't make it up as you go along. And you can't use it as too slowly. Oh, Neil, by the way, this one doesn't know. No, we don't. We don't do it because the rest of us who are still here and going to be here, we know where to draw the line. Some people know where to. Some people don't have any line. That's the problem. Are all over the place. It's that AOR radio format all over the road. So if you'll bad about that from his standpoint, but it certainly comes as no shock. Only shock to me is that it took his long. I got to be honest. This is a very strange guy. I like him. But I've worked in this business for a long long time. I've never encountered anybody. You can't have a conversation with. You can't talk to the man because it's all it. And I know that. And on the way up the door with a powerful afford. There's no such thing as sitting down or really having a conversation. It doesn't exist. Nothing penetrates. You can try. You can say, hey, just just laugh to the bank. Take the money. Have a good time. Just cut out the excessive crap. You have a compulsive need like you got the turret syndrome or something or paracindrome. Can't do it. I mean, I hope for his sake someday that he like, you know, Reigns himself in is able to realize that he's just going to have the same thing. I know you can have 85 job offers. Copy, you know, working 84 other radio stations for a couple months of piece. What is that going to accomplish? Other than like in the first line in jittis column there, he says controversial sports talk, Scott forrelasant of familiar position over the line and out of work. There you go. Johnny's got a burn hand because he keeps from his hand on the stove. And especially when you know when you work in a market where we have certain professional agitators out there who just thrive on being the moral sensors of the community, while they're sitting out there, you know, stroking themselves. I mean, what that is, or what to say? What is there to say when you know that up front? Giving other people ammunition to try to destroy you. So I don't, I really don't have a lot of sympathy. I feel bad about all situation and really what it comes back to it, to be vergonist with it is that Humpty Dumpty is continuing to try to put the pieces back together of the big egg that he broke about two years ago. It's almost exactly two years ago, a little bit more than two years. When Greg, we decided, What? He didn't like the way the first team, and they missed some sports stories. See, when you had that much hands on, when you're a little bit too over-involved, and you start micromanaging every sports story with a sports nerds, and they missed the story and who the hell cares? The business. The whole sports thing about this radio station, you may need to creeps anyway, the whole thing about people who think that it's really so important to be a who want a ballgame or who's going to start an outside linebacker, who's going to be the defensive back or is Brian greasy, really as bad as he seems to be. Yeah, I'm it's okay for a little bit of fun. You'll notice that WFA in in New York is driven by one show on a radio station in terms of billing and terms of ratings. I know it's amazing because the guy's a dead man, but it's been driven for years by Don Eymus. He's got the biggest ratings on a station, and he's got the biggest revenue coming on that station. The sports show is don't drive WFA and which is the most popular sports station in America. It's the non-sports show, and the same is two here at WQAM. The non-sports show, the only one on a radio station is the highest rated and the highest billing. Makes the money so that they can play to ball games the rest of the day. Give me to ball, give me to ball. So that whole thing just gives me the creeps. But the fact of the matter is we were going along pretty well, see I've seen this happen in this business over and over again. Management who just can't leave Welfarello, they always have to be tinkering their fine tuning. Oh, oh gee, I just dropped the watch and I grabbed just broke my Rolex. I'm fine tuning it too much. And that's what they do. I'll say it again if it ain't broke don't fix it, don't take with it. And it can't stop doing it. And from that day forward, this station is never recovered. Then we went through the mole business. Do we have to say any mole about that? I don't think so. We all know what that did to this point. Absolutely. Right, it more or less than one. And then we went to the Farell business. Then now here we are today. We have any idea who's going to be on tomorrow morning at 8 o'clock. No, I don't. Everything was going along much too well. So the guys missed a sports story. Big stink in deal. There wasn't one person in the radio audience who was going to tune out WQA in the first team or anybody else on the station because the worst team guys missed a sports story. Oh gee. Just leave it along Greg. Quit tinkering. It's like when he stuck me back at 9 to 1. That's why I went seven months without taking a phone call. We didn't read in bedtime stories because the format didn't work. This show is that no show works 9 to 1. 8 million years I did 10 to 2 and will continue to intend to 2 by the way. Thank you. That's when this show is on. And all of a sudden I'm going to make magic and why did that happen? Because we brought a dot ring mole or man in here who couldn't do 4 hours of God for bid. And so the show had to start at 9. That didn't work either. So we've gone through like 2 years of absolute psychosis here because of too much tinkering. Too much dick and around. Providence after 10 at 5. 60 WQAM. You want to lose some weight. All the fat people are desperate. Lose weight. Trust me when I tell you. Just a content and never ends. It's an ever ending battle. That's why it's so easy when you call my friends at balance for like because they make it simple for you. They do all the work. All the calorie counting are the carb counting. You don't have to do anything other than pick up your little sack. Just reach for your sack six o'clock in the morning outside you do. No cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no worries like I said. No carb or calorie counting. They bring you a little black sack every day. They deliver to you by six an AM and right outside your door. Three delicious gourmame meals and I really do believe. Me that. Three gourmame meals and two delicious snacks right here doorstep. The food is all fresh and delicious made with the best ingredients on the face of the earth. And you'll start seeing that weight drop off on the scale in just a matter of days. And don't forget bounce for life is the only company in the universe that lets you choose between two choices for every meal and snack when you're on a program. You fill out a menu once a week. You get to choose what you like, what sounds best to you and believe me you'll love it. And there's plenty of food near to keep your full and satisfied all day long. So if you're really tired of your frustrated with all that extra weight, if you're out of shape, you have no energy, I can relate. If you're diabetic run a verge of it, here might be the answer you've been searching for, give it a try. Balance for life, call them at 9-5-4-5-6-8-3-2-29. 9-5-4-5-6-8-3-2-29 or visit them on a wicked web at balanceforlife.com. And beat that getter meat. There's a squid my thighs. And throw myself on the toilet bowl, I feel my bowels lose control from another toilet. And there's a smell of meat you fry in. So bad I can barely see my knees as I make my straight and spikter squeaky. It's not awesome on the snake. In a diabetic beat, past me. You can't chill your hands up and be lonely, see. It's so God they've been very sick. Everybody's making fun of me. And chill with the fancy gate. Every thought through its dollar-beding. A super soft at night. When you do change this sad mouth, all this found, the chin of rock and roll. Come on, good toy. That's all we got lucky. In 18-5-60 WQAM. So the rumor is that the Ferrell's got another job already. He'll be back on your Monday morning on another station in the market. That's just a rumor I heard in the building around. It's flying around on the walls. See, Scott, I hate to break the news, man. But you can have a different job every week. You can have 52 jobs a year, one week of peace. You know? I guess if you like to travel around a lot. Get to know a lot of different people that way. Get to cash a lot of different colored paychecks. I don't get it. Alright, let me give the poor result for me yesterday. And then we'll get back in. By the way, thanks to my close friend Rick Shaw. I am really touched by this. You are the best Ricky. See, a lot of people think that Rick is just an old fart. What I'd silly had. But you know what? It's a lie. I am not. That's right. This is a good guy. And he sends over to me. It says happy belated birthday for Rick Shaw. And it's the DVDs of the CVS 75th anniversary special from a couple of Sundays ago that I missed. I saw only last part of it. I mentioned it on the year. And sure enough, there it is. On DVD, no less. Thank you, Rick. I really appreciate that. I'm going to watch it. Over and over again. What a good guy. Anyway, here's the poor result. We asked yesterday what pro or college coach or manager was the absolute worst of all time. I still don't care about sports. Schmuck, 399. That's a message to me. They don't give a crap about sports. Okay. 26.7% of the audience. Don't give a flying crap about sports. And they want to make sure that I and all of us do you understand that. Okay. Good. Hey, Blond's down. 199. Up to until good. David, what are you done for us lately? Besides, think to join out. Rich Co. 115. 357. Terry Murray. The players hated him and the fans we hated him worse. Magic Johnson 47. David's Shulow 45. Barry Swisher 45. Perry Clark 35. Speaking of the attackers who have, I mean, they lie in same difference. They blow both teams. Think Wayne Finne. 30 votes. Luholtz 23. Dave Campo 19. Renee Lachman. One of our all time favorite people. They're Lachman. 18. Buddy Ryan 14. Ray Perkins. Ray Haley. And Dick Byt. Bruce Kaislett Pete Rosen John Bowles old bullseye each had 10 votes. Jeff Thorborg 9. Kevin Lockrey 9. Charlie Pell 9. Ron Rothstein 9. Probably a thysamites. Ray Rhodes 8. Wayne Sutter 8. Dave Bliss 6. Bunk Phillips 6. Tyrone Willingham 5. Joe Walton 4. Dan Devine 3. Luh Sabin 3. Monty Clark 3. Walt Michaels 1. Duffy Dorety 1. Two yards and a clouded dust duffy. Mike Davis 1. Terry Brennan 1. Bob Wade. At 1155. O.C. At the big. See I was wondering about that. Why do people call a call in and vote? Maybe they don't have a computer. They nominate somebody for the poll. They never vote for them. Alright, here's the two articles about for well-getting canned. Barry Jack asked rights in the course. Barry's got his head up. Griggs of But. Barry writes. WQM gives forl the boot. WQM on Wednesday fired the morning host got forl F.A. repeatedly crossed the line with offensive commentary. Station General Andrew Greg Reid said. We tried to convey to him things he couldn't say on a radio such as things that are sexually offensive Reid said. We had him sign a document late September early October and he violated an unlimited number of times including Wednesday. I don't know if he worked at the level of FCC violations but we were uncomfortable with it. We tried to lead him into doing a funny sports oriented show. Any kick going places we didn't want him to go. We got tired of banging our heads against the wall. I feel like I failed that I couldn't get you to the guy. We were number one of the summer ratings books. We were all terrible about doing this Greg says but to live by the integrity of the agreement we had to do this. Do you really believe he feels terrible about doing it? No. Forl who joined WQM on May 22nd said he was very disappointed about being fired. No one will ever get a five six year net market in the first ratings book like I did. He said I love the fans in my job. It's a bummer for me. He said it was very disappointed. Now was he actually surprised? Because he's your best or close personal body was he surprised? I don't think so. Well, this appointed and surprised aren't the same. Reed said more than it does not advertise if transferred ads from FRL showed whether programs on the station but said that wasn't the fact when it's dismissal. Reed said he might again pursue NBC anchor and former WQM morning host your rose for the 8 to 10 AM slot previously held by FRL. He also said he'd considered WQMs Orlando Elzagiri. No, no, no, no. And candidates outside the station. Did he actually say the big he didn't use just joking when he said that very. No. No, no, no. No. Reed ruled out returning how were David and Steve Goldstein to the 6 to 10 AM slot. They were moved to 5 to 8 AM when FRL was hired and they're staying right there. Deep in the morning hours where they can't be too dangerous. And the article by Tom Jicko actually wrote an article about radio and I was going Tommy. Oh, even though it appeared in the sports section in the Sun Sentinel. Tom finally decided he would let his hair down. WQM fires FRL for off-color remarks. It says by Tom Jicko. Controversial sports host Scott FRL is in a familiar position over the line and out of work. WQM fires FRL on Wednesday after repeated warnings to tone down the sexual to tone done it says on your done Tom. To tone done the sexual content of his program which he ires from 8 to 10 AM while he aired in the past. So I think you aired Tom. FRL made frequent disparaging remarks on the air about restraints he had been placed under. For the last he continued to spices show with reskay remarks which pushed the stations patients to the limit Wednesday the patients ran out. FRL boasted that he lost another job as play by play on answer the land of thrashes for an off-color mark during a game. Ironically the book a resident lost his last job at New York's WNWFM because of sexual antics he had nothing to do with. A stunt by shockjocks, OPEN Anthony had a couple making 11 St. Patrick's Cathedral. The public upper was so strong that the station abandoned its talk format blowing out the entire staff. FRL known for his gravelly voice and nothing is sacred style joined WQM in May as a fill in. His branch irreverberant style connected with the audience so the station changed its line up to carve out a two hour block form. Now see Tom you're absolutely well I mean I can't debate that because we have no evidence to indicate that's true or not. It probably is true but it's just you're surmising that. That isn't the reason he was put on there. The reason he was put on her 8 to 10 is because Greg Reed was obsessed with FRL. Oh he's the greatest thing that's what I'm hearing. Okay. So the idea that being on two or three shows on a weekend all of a sudden the audience is obsessed is a little bit over the top Tom. But then again you write a lot of crap anyway. Anyway go back to Tom's article he says this is one of the most amusing things ever ever read my life. There was an ominous portent the morning is program with the debut lightning hit the station's transmitter and knocked WQM off the ear delay. His official debut by a day. See I never thought about I remember that day very well. And I remember wondering are we were going to get the thing back on the ear again and his entire show so we did a little cross over the effect we did to show on the internet together that day. During which we could say whatever it held we want and we did everywhere that's ever been invented because luckily and fortunately so far the FCC don't regulate what's on the internet. And certain Ojampravakad tours out there can't control what is on the internet. Maybe I'll just do a show on the internet. WQM is not an unskilled or filled a sludge. Jim Mended who hosted two to four p.m. program. Oh right and Joe Rose formerly one of the morning host have been approached but neither has said to be enthused about the early morning shift. I'll work at Wrenthus. Come on guys mix and match. How about every other day? Rose works until almost midnight at Channel six Amanda kisses on construction company which he breaks from in midday to do his program. So it just makes sense to me that rather than break in the middle of the continuity of his show is work during the day time. And they start out eight to ten here and then go off to the office take care of a couple of construction jobs for a lot of few forms sign the checks and then go home and screw off all afternoon. Other solutions will be to extend how are David till ten a.m. Or restore the pre for relina put David from six to nine a.m. when you'll ride is would take over. These stations biggest ratings in revenue generator prefers a 10 a.m. start and you know what time finally. That's the only correct to find a got one right this show is staying right where it is right where belongs 10 to two. That's the new Roger show 10 into two p.m. what happens around it behind it in front of it. That's that's their story. That's up to them. Although I will say that the big ain't doing eight to ten. Good guy like I said and then there are a lot of good guys like the thing with for all I like him a lot is a good guy. But he's his own worst enemy and so he's got another job starting on Monday and then maybe a couple weeks after that. He'll have another one. You got to start less than baby. You just can't continue. When you continue convincing yourself that the rest of the world is all crazy and you're the one it's saying then there's a problem or somewhere. You know. Soon or later you have to like put the ego aside and say okay we can't do this. We can't take on the leisure we can't say this on the air whatever and we want to get the paycheck. You know what's more important to ego or get in the paycheck and have an livelihood. And when you get to a certain point in life hopefully for most of us we say well you know when you're younger you like fight the good fight and you're always but you eat your point where like survival becomes the most important thing. Stick in at check in the bank the biscuit in the basket. Twenty seven after ten is five sixty wqm if you try to stick some hair on your head like maybe paste a little on with a pages glue which it looks like a lot of guys have done. I'll tell you that's good. It's an easy way to do this. And speaking of bad hair pieces there's another example. If you want to look good if you want to look younger and better than you ever really thought you could again you ought to talk to my buddy Charles Alpiri that's what you've been on a show for a zillion years. In fact for over twenty five years he's been working with a famous and not so famous with a rich and the not so rich and the even slupper's like you guys. Because it's an affordable hair system. The natural hairline system. It looks real like it's real hair grown out of your scalp as opposed to all the other stuff which I don't have to tell you what it looks like. It looks like straw. It looks like musk rat died on your head. It looks like hell is what it looks like. So if you want to look good and younger like it's the real thing and I have people laughing to ask. Call Charles Alpiri. You have nothing lose but the ball spot because everybody gets Charlie's 30 day guarantee. If after a month you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells. If you're not in all the action you can handle in and some return it for a full refund. Be sure mention your rages when you call me is an extra $200 discount call toll free 1-800-3212413 1-800-3212413 or log out of that website Charles Alpiri.com You're not in a lot of this is which we're gonna buy 60. You way yeah. A bitch. There's a red moth. Yeah I did. I did. Yeah something it's uh that's another reason I prefer not being here is because there's too much crap going on or too many people in and out of here. This is a freaking circus. This ain't a radio station boil Singers is a circus. I haven't got time to wipe my ass much less like Elvis. I just got through I did that yesterday too. I do that maybe like once a year. Once every two years. I've done it twice in two days now. Don't come in here unless you have a check for abandoned pet rescue do not come into that door. Don't come in here. Okay. What? Don't eat in here either. And don't get this is not the guy named cafeteria in here. We got a cafeteria down the hallway a little bit. Don't come in here to sit and fill your fat faces. Believe me. I do mean fat. Let's hear that again. I still throw the toilet bowl. Yeah. I can't believe it. So anyway here and you know something. I'm motivated for a second poll later in the day which I don't think air is going to be too happy. But that's the way it goes there. It'll be short and sweet. First poll for this morning in the wake of all this crap going on. What's the biggest screw up the WQM has made in the last two years? That's our first poll. Oh, it's already on there. Hiring for real, firing for real, blowing out the first team, hiring Mohower David, putting the Alon 9 to 1 or letting the crow get away. Huh? Letting the crow get away. That was some heavy duty stuff. 567. Oh, 856. Oh, we sure missed that. He'd put us over the top baby. The crow. See, next to another classic example of Greg Reed a work. I hope really believes that this guy belongs on the year. Even to say hello to crow. Although he sure smells pretty. Sweetie, she's a mom prop problem. Right. Okay. Now I'm going to cast my vote on air. Let's see. I think, uh, okay. I think that one. So you can cast your vote. Then the second poll I'm going to do later is who would you like? Don't you think it makes sense? Who would you like to have do 8 to 10? It's a valid question. Seriously, I think that makes sense to me. Pull number two. But at least Erica, you won't have to add too much to any of these. I don't think. They'll be like straight up straight down. Who would you like to see? Do. And then of course, WD to crow. We don't care. We won't listen to him. I'll put that one together. We don't give a crap. Fives and I also want to say this to you. I have never, well, I won't say never. But it's so typical of South Florida. So I actually have heard it many times. I get's canned and I'm driving this morning. I didn't hear more than goodness because I understand that he let a lot of people rip up an ass. Wait, which if you want to, that's fine. But I mean, it's just a nature of the beast. Not the beast per se, not our beast, but just in general, the generic beast. Somebody gets canned. Oh, gee, when you're so great, bow and, uh, you know, you're a real, moral person. And we got to get that immorality off the air. And all this other crap. Just ripping a guy when he gets his ass canned. It's so fricking typical man. And that's one another reason why this town sucks the way it does. It's just, it's just so many nasty, hateful, brutal, miserable people. Mean, mean, spirited, hateful, angry, nasty rotten. 560, pound, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. That check coming yet for $790 bucks to get us to 40 grand for abandoned pet rescue to come in yet. Oh, I haven't seen it. I haven't seen it. Don't open that door unless you got more money for abandoned pet rescue. Here what I'm saying. I got your crowbodd, it's right here, homeboy. Good, good man. And by the way, go home and take a bath at the Talcom powder starter. Really stink. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. 9, I'll be here to about 1150 and I get a good time for the poor house. All the best, take care. Did we interrupt this guy on another call? Hello? Was that a hot call that we interrupted there? Hello? Me, up. Yes, sir. Oh, I just wanted to call them, sir. I'm sorry. Were you on the other line? Yes, I'm sorry. I'm very sorry. I was walking back from my car with the problem. That's okay. My question is, I support everything you said. Do you do a good proponent of free speech? Yeah. And you would have known you pretty I would just put what could it for? Well, I said, that's more anything we're out of. You said you do on your show, which I support. Not even close. Not even close. Right. That's the hypocrisy with that station. No, no, you don't understand. You're not listening. You didn't get the answer. His stuff was so far over the line. And I tried to we all tried to explain that there's a way to do things. You know where the line is when you do this for a living. You know where you can go and how far you can go. He has no line. So think, but didn't you think they're censored? I mean, I could often say, man, in fact, that's another thing is that they were sitting on the dump bun and they're like crazy for a long time for months now. And there were sometimes that it didn't get blib. In fact, I'm wondering how come the person who didn't believe it yesterday morning when he did the crossover with Mal? How come that person didn't get fired? Who must have naked pictures here, Robert? Because there were something he did yesterday, which I think was the straw to broke a camel's back. That should have been dumped and shouldn't have gotten on here. And maybe he'd still be here. But, you know, there are some people here who haven't only have, I don't know what to do with this. They're here forever. They have a lifetime contract. It's because he walked in here still, though. Exactly. Thanks, me, all. Have a great day. And don't do that again on the other line. Now, see, don't try to make a comparison because that's what Scott was always trying to do. No, I don't. No, I don't. And if you listen, I mean, there's a way you can do things and be clever about it and be creative and be funny and do not go away over that line. And I mean, way over that line and then there are other stuff. Just blurred it out. When it does blurred it out. And it's not necessary. That's the saddest part. It isn't necessary. There wasn't one more person listening that show between eight and ten because it affected it went over the line. If you had just done the, you know, it'd been a crazy guy done the sports thing and been funny without going way over that line. It had been just fine. But I don't know if he's capable of doing it. How many firings is this now? Do you have our e-keeping track? Do you have like a diary that you guys keep? You can't count that high. About 30. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five. Well, look at that 77 votes on it. We just put the poll up. What's the biggest screw up that WQM has made in the last two years? Take a look at that. We're going to get a lot of votes on this baby. I'll tell you. More hiring, more Howard David is reading with 33 votes. Absolutely. Firing for L-26, blowing up the first team 15, letting the Crogate away ten. Putting the L-9 to one nine and hiring for L-2 out of 95 votes now. What? They're pouring in on this baby. Might set a record. Well, we might just set a record. I might have to leave this up the whole, uh, I don't think so though because I want to get the other way. Maybe we want to clock what put the other one on there. Who would you like eight to ten? Now we do tomorrow instead. Like I said, it's a great idea for tomorrow. We'll see. We'll see how the other thing flies. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I've been out of diamonds. This mean the George has gone to? No. What's George got to do with Farella? Is this just a chronic George Bansher's that what you are? No, actually I'm not, but I could be if you'd like me to pick it up. Well, what is that hectic was what we're talking about? Don't you understand how stupid that is? No, I was actually just, uh, you know, just one of my lame comments. A lame is right here, right? You finally got something right. It was lame. Five, six, seven, oh, five, six. You got to get's blown out of here. And what is this guy want to do? Stark pick it on George who's on vacation this week. I mean, George don't care. I need to do why. We don't give a crap. But it's just stupid is what it is, pal. It's really stupid. Absolutely. Sure. Five, six, seven, oh, five, six. Do you think everything else they can't follow the bouncing balls here in this town? It's just so amazingly. I got to write that book. I really do. But nobody would believe it. Just about doing talk radio in this town for nearly about 30 years. And the stuff that comes in on the other end of the phone and the people, Oh, you're awful. And the people on a fast machine that he'd like to poison. They're, they're every minute of every day. They thrive the day that I hang up this microphone. They're not going to know whether to scream or pee or banana. They're not going to know what they'll do. They don't have a clue what they're going to be doing. They're already planning trying to figure out what it's going to be. They're going to be filling up their desperate lives with. You think the numbers on this show are good. Can you imagine if we get credit for all the closet listeners? You know, they, once upon a time, they talked about having those sensors where they could actually draw course ashcrofford like that. They could drive like up and down neighborhoods. And they could detect what stations, what frequency radios were tuned to. Scary. Yeah, right. Like I said, ask Crofford love it. But I mean, that was one of the ideas they come up with to try to figure out as opposed to the curting system. So that people who love, for example, hate me like poison, but we'll never write it down. Listen every day. We can actually add them in there. Get double digits every rating book. Am I right about that? Absolutely. And I'll say this even though it pains me to say it, I guarantee a mole would probably get some extra a dire reason or two. No, you know it. Because there are people who hate him like poison like me. And although I don't listen to him, the only time I ever hear the sound of his voice is the first minute when I'm in Toronto when I open up the pot and then you'll notice I immediately open up City Post 24 audio. So I can't hear him and you'll know that I'm there. Then I'm, you know, taking a shower and whatever else begins with that sage. And that's it. And then coming to work here in the morning, which this morning, I heard that terminally pondress interview with the assistant, you have football coach. Oh, man was that bad. That was so weak. So weak mole. So it's a 24, 11 at 560. Moes leading the way we, I think we've all it's close firing where Ferrell's got 33. And hiring moes got 36 low and up the first team 26. But see, that was that was the straw that broke the whole places back that opened up this whole Canterworms. We never would be where we are today. If Greg would know like overreacted, not in carry the way. I mean, it's really something when you fire a guy who everybody totally is leaving. Oh, I guess what? If you're leaving, you're fired. Like a pexalant little child. Did Greg come in with $790 check yet for a band of pet rescue? No. I mean, he's in the building. He don't come anywhere in your hearman. This is the fourth day I've been here this week. Hasn't come anywhere near yours, truly. And you want to know why? Because he knows that I know. I know. You're not fooling me. Greg. Big news. Halipadi XGMC has just been voted number one. Potiac GMC dealer in Dave County and customer satisfaction. They're happy campers over there as opposed us here. A QAM where everybody's walking around with a long push. Tom Lamin and Joe Prieta want to thank their loyal customers for their long time support 35 years. They've been going strong and that's why. Right now is a good time to stop by Halip and check out the Potiac vibe that normally retails for over 20 grand, but you can buy it. Halipoli loaded right now for 16,500 bucks plus tax and tag. Halip's your truck headquarters too with over 300 trucked attues from including the on koa. What is it? The Yukon and Yukon XL are coming soon on the on-voi. What are you shaking your head about you idiot? The new on-voi XUV the most unique SUV in a market. Now he's actually centering my spots for us. God and it's got you in your. Your next great deal deals every day at Halipadi XGMC 13411 South. XC Highway. That's US one across from the falls open every day seven days a week. If you want more info on his unbeatable spectacular. Neil deals you know what to do. Please call that Neil Rogers. Neil deal hotline toll free one triple eight five three four forty two eleven. One triple eight five three four forty two eleven keep in mind all Neil deals. Subtitic credit approved see our friends in Halipoli hotels at Halipadi XGMC Who are most positively unlike Tom Jika professional grades. My and local we're sports video five sixty two a two a.m. Pretty weak. Pretty lame boys. Kelly. Kelly. Talking on a court show. Trying to be my show. Your boys now just like a standing year of girl. A little sports show. What else are you there for? Kelly. Kelly. Kelly. Talking like a baby. Pretty little draining. My can't you understand. You don't sound like a man. We both are rubber bands. That choke. Your stroke. Kelly. Kelly. Kelly. Kelly. Kelly. Kelly. You're lucky management don't care. You don't belong there on the end. And no need. The sports can wait till your voice cracks. Of anyone who sounds like that should find another job. And they should only take you back when both your babies drop. Kelly. Kelly. When you're gone and grow up. You think I want to throw up. You silly, sweety blue. Go to broadcasting school. Your free, you best hit boys. Thank you. Sound like a punch. A ride. Your heart. Your heart. Your heart. Your heart. Your heart. Canterbury. Any doubt about that? 14 before 11 at 5. 60 WQM. What do we got today? Two o'clock. The mad dog is still in Arizona schedule. Thank the word for that. For o'clock you got to hump or at these seminal. Indians. Good luck to you out there, Hank. And he's got Bino cook on five to six. It kills a good hour. Bino. He kills me. Panther preview at seven. A panthers at the doubles to play one of them. Koma inducing games in Jersey. Boy. They are the doubles. They are the doubles. They're the anti-Christ of the hockey world. The style of day play. Put you into total coma. 739, Eddie Campford, the hockey game. Joe and Mark. They're still around 2 to 5 in a morning. And then of course we know who follows that. You know they got to what? Yeah. Look. Yeah. 180 and by the way. Nice job. Ripen your good close personal friend. For three hours. 180 votes. What's the biggest screw-up QM has made in the past two years? Hiring Mohower, David. 57 votes is in first place. How do you like that? Absolutely. Firing for L53. Rod on Moses. Rolling out the first team 35, letting the Crow get away 19, putting the alumni into 115, firing for L9 out of 180 to 8 so far. Or hiring. What do I say that? We do wrong. Hiring for L9. So that's what you got later while we do the pull between one and two o'clock. We'll stick it on there. Who would you like to have between 8 and 10? I think the mad dog is a perfect fitner. I don't want to campaign on the ear for it. You know what I'm saying? Oh, right. I think it's a perfect fit. Then Hank goes back to two to six. And then I'm going to sense to you. I mean, you'll have to get up that early to do 8 to 10. You know? 630, crawling here about 747. 35, right? Yeah, I guess he doesn't look too far away. Yeah, and gets out of your 10 o'clock. Goes over to construction company like I said signs the paychecks, rights signs of you good deals, contracts, stuff's a bunch of cash in his wallet. Heads over the golf course for a few green lizards. And then goes home and consort's with the lady for the rest of the day. And maybe his wife too. So there you go. There's a little, just my suggestion. Mo and Geldy, they seem to have found their niche. You know, like really buried, I mean, the 5-8 in the morning. When it's real dark outside. And then the 8 to 10 mad dog, you're truly tended to 2 to 4 year old. I mean, 2 to 6 Hank, which is what he always did anyway. 4 hours better bulk up a little. I'm hearing your buck up pretty good. I'll read it. And then say they can throw anything in 6 to 7. It's a dead hour in his business, especially in this market. 6 to 7. And then like rotating sports nerds in there, clearance one night, the beast the next night, even like anybody. You know? Here's a call from 4-Lotterdale. Hello. And yeah? Yes sir. Yeah, it's firing your buddy there. And if you don't like it, why don't you go back to your Canadian Factor Island country? What does that have to do with anything? Because they don't like it here. Yeah, I don't. I'm going back. I'll be back very soon, asshole. To my Fak Canadian country. Why? Again, what does that have to do with any of this is this is your own material man. Listen to yourselves. Listen to what you've got. You know what it is? That's why I'm getting out of here again very soon. To my Fak country. Thank God there's no Fak's down here. Right. Except the one it just called. He's probably got a handle on the soap so we don't drop it. 5. 5. 6. 7. 5. 5. 5. Just like I said, a lot of angry. People just like you miserable nasty rotten disgusting hateful people assholes like you. And have a great day. Here's Miami. Hello. That's why I'm mostly seen here so good. It's a place for miserable old conquerors like him. He loves it. It's paradise. Yes sir. How are you, Anthony? Pretty good. I just wanted a way in on the forl thing. Go right ahead. Way away. I'm a Cuban Julio. And I think a lot of the audience that doesn't this not that I appreciate. Listen to it but my wife listen to a little bit too. The Latin radio. Oh, God. Let me tell you something. Okay. But yeah. Some of the things these guys say on the morning shows. Make forl look like Disney. Yeah. So this this is goldcraft. I mean these are disturbing trend patterns. First the capitalista crap. And now it's like you told the Greg Reed months ago. If you're going to put I mean why did you bring him here? If you knew what he was about. Well, that's right. And I I'm glad you reminded me of that. Why did he put him on the air when he already knows what his act is. And he's been canned for him in other places. Why would you put him on when you know what he does when you know we've got professional agitators in this town where just sitting out there waiting to pounce on this. It's a Greg Reed another error man. Big time and what I like about him is that he actually knew sports when he wanted or talked about sports. But he would talk about other things and say crazy stuff. Yeah. But it was a reach refresh. I mean, I'm in the hours of straight sports. I mean, I'm a sports hole, but I mean give me a break. Yeah, so much straight sports. Yeah. So I could I was I was surprised by it. I thought he was not going to I thought he was going to make the year. But. Not here. Good luck. You're probably going to have a great day. Okay. Here's a fact that says I have to fight a life from eight to ten. Now don't give me wrong. I'm not a sport hole. It finds sports ready to be extremely boring. In the case of WQM 2-0 and Variety sports discussed. Scott was the anti-Christ to sports talk host. I listen to him daily in spite of the beast because he told it the way it is. I really hope another local station horizon and schedules him from five till eight. I don't think he wants to get up at four in a morning or three if they're out. Think he wants to do that. Where's he going to be on? Uh, in his shower. I guess. No, no, where's he? You already know. You got to know. What's he going to be on this station on Monday? Suppose they've got another gig in town. Where's he going to be? You can tell us. I have no idea. Yes, you know that. Now why would you say that? You know that that's not true. The two of you guys take showers together in a morning. I mean, let's face it. My soap has the handle is I'm sure that and when you shower with him I understand why. 560560 pound five 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line as we've got, you know, something we got is keep us this company as we got a whole outfit in here of people that we have to get dry concepts and do to clean the carpets because the stains on a carpets in this place are unbelievable. Those ugly brown stains. They're all over the building. You know what I mean? Absolutely. 230 votes. What's the biggest screw up QM's made last two years hiring for Rell Only 12, putting Neil on nine to one 18. So I don't know that night one didn't work. It was a death now. Letting the Crogate away 28. At least they still have kept their sense of human as a good sign. Letting the Crogate away. That was the point at which we just lost it. I liked that one. The first team 37 firing for Rell 65 and hiring more Howard David. It seems to be, I don't know, it thought that far ahead, but it's uncatchable with 70 votes so far. And local. See, I'm just losing it this way. I'm coming on Glute from being in this place. Can't handle it. I have to go back to Canada with all him fags. Here's the call from for Latterdale. Hello. Yeah, I don't know. Okay, sir. I forgot I was on a hole. I thought I was looking to radio there. You want to go back on a hole? No. Could be arranged. Hey, second power. How about bringing that Jeff to force? Yeah. I saw it. It's a possibility. I can put the firm I form a first team on it again. Default and guilty. There you go. Yeah. Okay. Have a good day. And you too. Have a nice day. And I'll put you back on hold for a while. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. What are you writing a book? What are you doing over there? Jesus, Christ and Joseph Miguel. What the hell are you doing? Holy crap. Oh, we're getting close. We're interested that come from computer from the internet. You can also sign up to catch the sneak preview of the 2003 Marlon World Series Championship ride. Miguel will give you a ride at the van. It's what it says here. He'll let you have a ride. That's what it says. Miguel will tell you more about it when you go to the van. And the regal cinema's south beaches where that other thing will be timeline on the 25th at 7 p.m. Why? No. This bottom part is for that. Oh, I, two, my go away. Just go away. No, seriously. You people don't understand where there are a lot of stress in here. There's all kinds of crap going on between you and the beast. And Zach, what has got them fill in his fat face and just go away. You're good guy, but get on here. 39 is the door stock. What? Well, on stick it, on zip it. 39,430 bucks, which means we need 570 to 40 grand a day. But I was probably going to get to 40 by the weekend. There's only Thursday. So we got a shot. No, the two don't forget Miguel will be in the Qm van at Marine max boats. 700 South Federal Highland Pablo Beach courtesy. The real estate pages from Belsa after first 15 people will donate. We'll receive a pass good for two people, a special showing of timeline on November 25th. And you can also sign up to kids these sneak preview of the 2003 Marlins World Series Championship ride. Miguel will tell you more about the van that'll be the regal cinema south beach money at 7 p.m. Okay. That's, that's enough. Okay. You're not going to pun off all your goddamn promos. No, I'll let the crappy guy go in on his show and off of that. And yeah, I'm at there's more. All the crap that we're going to pedal on for real soon. I'll be bringing in here because they know Kim may have no audience. I'm sorry, Kim. Good guy, but oh, here's a crawl spring. Hello. Hey, doing the old pretty good sir. What's up? I'm up from the year. I've got to listen to you whenever I'm down here. But I get the proper replacement for squirrel. Yeah. Ryan says. Ryan says. Yeah. You have to be kidding me. I love those guys. Yeah. Ryan and Fes. Ryan and Fes. No chance. Come on. No way. Jose. You could do it. Let me say give you one word answer. No. 560. 560. This is a sports station. Mr. You better get your priorities straight now. It's a sports station. We take showers together here. We wear jog straps to bed at night here. Ron and Fes wouldn't even get a bed that early. Ron and Fes, my fat ass. Okay. But thank you so much. I go back to New York. 560. 560. We got to that. Look, if you see the response like this, that's in a half an hour. This pulled in grinder to like about 1025. I think we should keep it up for the day. Okay. In the poll two. 257 votes. What's the biggest screw up WQM is made? Now see, well, after the break, I got to do the break. But I want to elaborate on these people who think that they're experts on broadcasting because it's not all one side. And like I said, if the guy would have toned it down for a while and helped us to, you know, get to a certain point here. We could have, we could have made this thing work. I'm sure that. But he wouldn't do it. So you can talk about well how this one does this and that one says that. But the bottom line is, it doesn't work that way. This station's license is up for renewal. And when you got professional agitators out there trying to like, you know, devious a crap, which they've done to me and other people in the past, you just have to totalign for a while. And when somebody refuses to do that and puts your license in jeopardy, nobody, including me or Howard Stern, anybody else is that good, that people are going to say, oh, well, how with it. Nobody. 257, the biggest screw up the WQM has made in these last two years, the worst F-UP. Hiring Mohour David 78 votes. Absolutely. Firing for L71, blowing out the first team 41, letting the Crogate away 32. Putting Neil on 9 to 1, 12 and hiring for L only 13. They liked him, Greg. They liked him. And believe me, I'm not, I'm not to come down on the side of for L on this because he was using an untenable position. You tell somebody, don't do it and you know what, you don't do it. It's as simple as that. 1057 at 560 WQM, if you want to replace that tired old nasty carpeting in your home, here's an idea call our friends at Laminates, our us. They're the easy low maintenance alternative to natural wood flooring, which looks great, but boy does it cost a lot of cash. Laminates are us as the best place to find lemonade wood flooring from the top names in the universe. They got Pyrador and Pyrgor when Wilson, our uniform, or Quixstep, and all of Laminates are us flooring installed by Pyrgor certified installers too. Here's another reason why I ought to be caught in their prices are so low, you'll probably say, Unberlite, you will say that. For example, right now get to fall special for just 1495 bucks. Just $1495 gets you up to $295 square feet of beautiful, laminated wood flooring like I said, it's unreal. And Laminates are us Wilmax, any legitimate written offers, so for free and home estimate call Laminates are us toll free. $1,877,7773336. Nothing could be simpler. They give you free carpet disposal, free furniture moving a 25 year warranty in years and years, a beautiful easy care Laminate wood flooring. Call them today toll free at $1,877773336. $9. And low, this is 42560. $1. $1. $1. $1. Do drugs packer? Fourth-light presents, real American heroes. Real American heroes. Today we salute you, Mr. Highway Department flag man. Mr. Highway Department flag man. You're entrusted with the awesome responsibility of kind of definitely almost telling us it's in order to head down the only open lane on a two-way street in Rush hour. It's always the early size turn. You, sir, take that orange flag and with a text there they have a tree's law. Make a gesture that says go, or is that stop or are you trying to scare away a bee? We'll never know. Yes, Mr. Highway Department flag man. You're too far away to fit down a man hall. You don't have the expertise to operate a shovel. So they gave you a reflective vest and entrusted you with our very line. Just keep the gas and everything. So the next time you see a man at work sign. Crack up at life to someone who's not even working and who on closer inspection might not even be a man. Mr. Highway Department flag man. A real American hero. Mr. Highway Department flag man. Like the Jews, head just your St. Loser, Missouri. At 560 WCM, here's a fact that says a whole bunch of facts. I love for real because it was the best thing for South Florida by the Oceansville Henry. It says, are you sure? However, if anything's that it's going to be better working for Rattfink and Bulger who's being naive now Scott. What you understand, it's not going to be any different because no matter where he goes he's going to have the same wackos on his ass. And he's going to be able to the same and if you think cheap channel if that's where he's going. He might be going to that 855 thing. Is that owned by clear channel? I have no idea. I don't know anything about that station, plus it's in Palm Beach. But if he thinks that cheap channel is going to let him run fast and lose. They've got so many problems with ledge fix contest and everything else on this son. That'll be a cool day in hell. So it's just going to be an ongoing thing. It says I've had it with both Mo and Greg. I think it's time for the Mussolini treatment on the both. Hang their corpses on a fly pole and throw rotten tomatoes at him. Even that's too good for both of them. It says, well, you may have a point there. Cheyenne Davies says, speaking of a wacky Jackie. Cheyenne Davies says the best call this morning was an old fart who called Mo and said it's great to be able to use the first amendment to give it of those who abuse it. Yeah, that was wacky Jackie tied in here at myself. But evidently. And why he was on the air. I have no idea. See, I am going to say it again. Robert Greeper how he gets off the hook on a thing yesterday in the thing this morning and beats the crap out of me except the course for the fact that he's current is boyfriend. And this place basically what is boiled down to now is that it's out of tough hands and out of Greg's hand and it's current said it's little boyfriend's is playmates. And that's what we got here. It says I wasn't different about Scott's show, but I thought most sounded a little givey this morning. Oh sure. See, Mo when you're as insecure as he is. Everybody also gets fired. That means they need him that much Mo. So that's a good thing for him because everybody and in fact if it was up to Mo everybody also be fired on a radio station even guilty. Because then he could just be on all the time. They could hook his cost to me to about to the goddamn transmitter. And he could be on 24 hours a day. Here's one from Alex who says I vote for a hiring Mo Howard David. What an asshole. Juan from Little Havana weekday morning's 8 to 10 am. Yeah, might as well give me his own show. He's already got kind of one every day anyway. What across over it says Mo and Juan Mo got to go is what it says. In other words, I think what Alex is trying to say is, No, no, no, no. Is that what you're trying to say Alex? No, no, no. Here's another fact that says, How about moving managed to 8 to 10 and having spik and suds follow you? Now spik and suds ain't going to be on a radio station. But it managed 8 to 10 and Hank to the 6 sounds outstanding. All right. If was me, I'd be announcing that right now. I'd be putting billboards up on it right now. Can't you see the billboard? Here's the QM the new QM lineup. 5 to 8 AM, you don't want to know. Right. That's what I would put on there. You don't want to know. 8 to 10, the mad dog. Oh, right. 10 to 2, the humpers. Hey, stupid. Who does 6 and after that nobody's listening anyway? Right. That's what my billboard would say. And if Donner Shalaila don't like it. That's for you, honey. See, this is what I don't want to go into it. I just don't want to go through the whole thing. Very frustrating. But again, let you know. And those of you people would say, well, we listen to so and so when he does it, that's not the point when you're working for somebody else and when you've done this over and over and over again. And you've been fired more times than we can count here. You finally say to yourself, I guess I better clean up my act a little bit. Because then you could have worked here at least not right now, but like kind of late low for a while. Till the air clears. And the man just apparently can't do it. And I want to repeat what I said before. I like the guy, but I've never encountered it anybody because what you people don't understand. You think that all of us who run here and not like me, this is a radio show. I'm not like this off the air. I'm a very low key quiet guy off the air. People made me like, oh, gee, well, how come Neil so quiet? Because that's me. Screening and carrying on for four hours a day here like this. This is a radio show. But with for real, off the air, there is absolutely no difference. None. It's exactly the same. He never stops. Which he ought to stop. You ought to lighten up a little bit. Listen to what other people have to tell him. Uh, and here's another J, who says, I like for a lot. We must be the dumbest. That's so be in history of dumb. So be trust me. There have been many. Anyone who finds employment in an industry that demands your own creativity to succeed. Must establish your breaking point. But when for all establish that point, he viewed it as a starting line and not a ceiling. That's a good way to describe it. In other words, we all draw a line and that's where we end that line. He starts it that line and then goes on from there. A bigger mistake than for else only, or it would be QM giving to it their precious drive time hours to the big, no. I like that, the big, no, which he means the big. I don't want to go for the line, but he may be worse off a lead in the moment for it. Maybe not that bad. And J also says, no, no, no, man. That's what he says too. No, no, no. The vote, it's only 1107. And we have 319 votes. Even alien, I think, peeled into win significance compared to this. What's the biggest screw up WQM has made in the last two years hiring more Howard Davided? 95. Firing for Rell 85, almost pull her way a little bit Scott. Blow a half the first team 50 and of course, that's the thing that started this whole deal. It's I realize it's two years later and a lot of people weren't here then or they forget. But that's what I started the unraveling of the whole deal. It's kind of like when you have like a sweater and it's like a piece of material. It's like, you know, hang in there and you start pulling it and then the whole thing starts unraveling. The whole damn stinkin thing unravels right in your push. Blow not the first team 50 letting the crow get away 42, putting Neil on 9 to 127, and hiring for Rell only 20 out of 319 votes. But he'll be on here somewhere and then he'll get candy again. Unfortunately, I'm not wishing anything bad but it just, you know I'm right don't you? I've seen it before. No, that wasn't the question. You know that I'm right. It will have it again. Can't get fired in the shower. You know that I'm right. See you don't want to say it because you, you know, I'm to keep all the soap come self. 560, 560, pound 560 on the eight whatever it is. Here's poor Saint Lucie, hello. Okay, I would like to say that. I was hot. Now we can put you on here. Actually, I guess we could put him on here but I probably have an idea. Because he'd say crap or something. Here's a Miami Hello. For Luke. All right. Rick and Sudge looking for that 2 to 6 gig. Pretty weak. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah, this is a full Canadian foreigner. Regardless of the last phone call, I'm a Canadian just appreciate your joy. You can't have it in a little sport. Right. And I want to go to the end of the day. And see you around, eh? I'll see you around. I'll see you. I'll be eating at the Eaton Center. How do you like that amigo? Who's that guy calling for? Wonder water? Just relax. Will you just calm down? I realize you're under a lot of pressure. But just to relax. Take a deep breath. Quit being quite so spastic if that's possible. But I doubt it. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's plantation. Hello. How are you doing sir? Hey, by the way. I think that 850 AM is owned by the Sun Sentinel. I'm not sure though. The Sun Sentinel? I heard something about that. You have to be kidding me. I believe so. Check into. I'm probably at Tom Jicka doing a show pretty soon. How many? How blowing up the first team is nine at the top of that pool? I know. They don't get it. And I got a couple more things. What's the difference? I mean, I'm not in the industry. And then you're what? Consider yourself lucky. What's the difference between some of the stuff that George talks about about the drugs and the eating as? What's the difference between that and some of the stuff for all the same? It's one of those we ought to fire George too. I'll be honest. No, no, no, no, wait a minute. I think you may be honest something because quite frankly, the one I'm feeling right now, I think we ought to fire like a whole lot of people. Who's that? Deepo and Goley six to ten. Get rid of them all. Now you're talking man. You got to. All right. So he said fire George and the deep one guilty. From a six to ten. Everything was fine. Everything was so pleasant here. People would walk around in a hallway and yuck it up and have a great time back in the days of the first team. Everybody was high five and a low five and we had just as much food coming in with you wanted it or not back in M days. And then we went through that mold business. It seems to me I could be wrong that mold is really the trigger in the wood pot. Why the local the six is five six. You're a little you're not. I'm not. No, no, no, no, no, no. This is Rush Lim ball, serve of humanity, touch show host. Pemroyed sufferer folks with over three other pounds. I know the agony of this kind of dilemma ladies and gentlemen, I'm here to tell you there's help with new preparation rush and my rush to excellent depositories. Now you can end the pain and it's a hammer or it'll teach you just for my picture on the box of depositories. Have the applicator tube. Another fine product from all IB. The obesity and broadcasting network. No. Anyway, Jeff Cohen just came in there warned you don't come in. I had a couple of slices of bacon this morning and I've farted my brains out and I told you don't come in here. I don't smell the thing good. Come a little closer. I'll tell you a little bit of left. Jeff just brought me in a nice hundred dollar bill here with Ben Franklin on it. It looks like it might be real for a band of pair rescue. So what do we got now? 39,530, but it should be a piece of cake. We are going over the 40 grand mark. I still don't see Greg's checking here anymore to you. Haven't seen how you're here at Greg Reed. I'm really well. He's busy. He's got a lot of stress plus he's embarrassed and he knows that I'm on to him. He knows that I know. Anyway, the reason I played the Rush bit even though we played all the time is because Rush will be back on the ear on. Monday. What the hell? Did I throw a headshot there? Uh, Dancia Cazansky. Okay, kick up your heels together. If you can do it with those big hip boots on. Because Rush returns on Monday with a lot of excuses and stories in bull crap about how what really happened about how the inquiry in a choir saved his life. Absolutely. He probably be a dead man. There's my close personal. Now you can come in because I just farted real bad. Ha ha ha ha. There's Greg Reed. Our own Humpty Dumfies in the hallway. Now trying to put the pieces together again. There's a piece right there. I won't tell you what, but nevertheless. I'm telling you, Mad Dog 8 to 10. Hank 2 to 6. Don't give me to look. Just make it happen. Okay. Wave your magic wand. Pay him right in the blank check. That's it. Bigger the greatest lineup in radio history. We'll salvage your answer no matter what you like it or not. He says that. He says that. He's like, get outta here. Go away. Go away. I think I just had a brainstorm. Ask the manager. Back at memory ID. Jeff, member when we used to have asked the program director when the Steve Nicolle used to do those things on ear. Remember that? Ask the program director. Right. Of course he was in Coherent. Don't start. Please. You know what I mean? Absolutely. I asked the manager. If we can have Greg Weed on every day for me to 10. I'll give the audience some questions to ask by the way. Ha ha ha. Some inside information. Three of them make his hair stand on and what a little he's got. Well, he could be in Rome right now than all of his business going on. But he can't be there. I hope the power 96 people are having a really good time in Rome. I think it asked me how to coach all about some great tractor rears to hit. Oh boy. I know the good spots. 359 votes. What's the biggest screw up to him as made in the past two years? By the way, I know this Greg didn't bring his check for for all four and seventy bucks. I didn't see a check in his hand. No. I saw something else in his hand. The biggest mistake hiring Mohour David has got 110 votes. Absolutely. Firing for well. 94. Ah, that's correct. Blowing out the first team. 59 for the first team. Holy ice cream to make it. We have to send them like a tub of ice cream. Letting the Crogate away 44. And by the way, putting Neil on 9 to 132. And guess what? We want again. Hiring for well. 20. Only 20 say hiring for was a bad mistake. Let's see. Here's a chance as you are a lot more racist and sexually perverse. Why? Why did Ferrell get fired? You're a truly Chad a lot more racist and sexually perverse. Com perverse. That's what you think. Ascle. And if this guy don't stop something else. Send him to his caliber. We already had that story on about how Halibutans overcharging for the guests. We already had that on weeks ago. Okay, sir. Please, pages and pages of crap. Jeff and Lake Worth. Some suggestions for the eight to ten hours. The best of Joseph Gackie. Here's the Gackie. So, okay. Okay. Handicapping from the call to stable and the stables will educate the hammer and defo. The dirty boys porn star the day show. Morning exercise you hosted by Doreen. Oh yeah, she be doing some push-ups in the pickle patch. Behind the scenes in NASCAR hosted by Joe Costello. Jim Manditt's talks stocks and bonds. Oh right. Morning gourmet hosted by the hammer from his condo. Let's talk WWE 2 hosted by Bino and a two-hour fantasy football advice by the big. Oh, the big Oinko to be honest. Good guy like I said, but he. He belongs on the air like Jeff Cohen belongs to flying the. Seven forty seven right now across the pond. By the way, your hair does look a little strange, but then again, your strange. So, if we're going to in less than an hour, we're going to have 400 votes. This is, I think, Ali on. We just. Pails into wincing difference by comparison. I really believe that. Don't forget, Miguel will be at Marine Max boats starting at the noon noon to two. We need another 470 bucks to get to a 40 grand a day. They might be doing it right on. But on our website on earrages.com, we might get to 40 before he goes out. Here's a call from some rise, hello. Hi, Neil. I do. I'm doing okay. Yeah. My thought is just taking with the whole sports all the time. Four mad is sort of bringing it down. Sports top radio is very spacious. There's not a guy dying. It does. Yeah. Maybe if you do like an alternative sports, dirt radio region. You know, bring out the things we really want to hear about other the single potters and all that is. Yeah. I don't know what you're talking about. The sports talk on his station is just a board of and my her body all this analytical talk about the left guard and the right tackle and this one with his hamstring. That is how anybody could listen to that thing mental help. Well, I mean, it's just a day and for day now. One name that I haven't heard you bring up. Maybe if I want to bring Mike when it. We're neary back. Yeah. That would be good. Well, I did a dead dead thing. Yeah. Portage man. Portaste. Daryneal. Very portaste. God will punish you for that sir. Okay. I hope not. How do you like that? Guy dies a few months ago. This guy is making Mike winery jokes now. I hope they dance on your grave. Sir and believe me from the side of your horse. It won't be long. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T. Jeff Cohn by the way. He's another guy wouldn't listen to me. You're like for real. You won't listen anybody. No, nobody will listen to me. I mean, they all didn't listen to me. Whether they pay attention. That's the story. But at least they reach over and they crank it and the dial too. But anybody else. I try to tell him something. Mh. They just they're all experts. And I have ear witnesses out there. This audience heard me advise that guy a resilient time. And he always was saying, wow, you're my mentor. And I hear the one that told me. I do everything you. But you don't do anything I told you. I've described that's the problem. Didn't do any of this stuff I told you. Just take the bank. The chat. In fact, he didn't have to go to the bank. We direct deposit with him. Just take a look at your bank account and smile and look in the mirror and then go out and get laden to whatever you want and have a good time. And a few free beers at the ball game. And that's it. Have a great life. Life is sweet. I know speaking for the rest of us here on this radio station. Mad dogs always send it in the Humphor and yours truly. What's not to like? And even Mo is happy. He's an old fart and vocal. I mean, please go all for every day. We're happy, bunch here. We realize that even the work working for a bunch of red necks over there on a west coast with their finger deep inside there knows in each other's. Back home, right? We realize that it ain't so bad. Get about 75 weeks of your vacation. Right? I'm making some very serious bucks. They don't like it. I tell them to stick it where to move on. Don't try anything they can do about it. By the way, we got a trend coming out the member 18. What is that? Tuesday. 3 p.m. Tuesday will be the next arbitrend. The beginning of the fall book. What would be something if a rll has gigantic number? Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, I see you're laughing, but the problem is, his every month in the trends in the summer book is number kept going down and down and down and down. They did. What do you look? See, I'm glad that you're a witness. Okay. How I deal with this for four hours every day. I have no idea. I have no idea. I sure picked the right way to come back. The expressions on your face are not of human origin. Okay. That's all I can tell you Scott. The facial expressions have nothing to do with being a human being. There's something I like to know is where are they hiding the ship. You've seen small villager. How they have that. He has it down in the basement. You've never seen anything. He's got the spaceship in the basement. Evidently in the balls of the queue and building. There must be something similar to that one. Elmer says is a completely out of the question to put George and suds on for me to tell. Ha ha ha ha ha. Is it out of the question? Yes, it is out of the question. It says why not. They obviously have great chemistry with each other and that would give you an answer to lead in. I would venture to say that these two would go on a more ratings than whomever else outside of Mad Dog maybe. Measley weed would put on that time slot. That's for five to eight a.m. Who really cares anyway. It says Elmer. And that's right. That's why we stuff those guys in there. Five day. Because nobody really cares. Now you're catching on. You know what I mean? And he got the job done. Five six seven. Five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T. And Verizon. And I guess the diet is better. Wireless line. 300 88 votes. What's the biggest screw up the WQM has made in the past two years hiring more Howard David. A hundred and eighteen. How do you like that? Ah, that's correct. Firing for well 104. Blowing out the first 1664. Letting the crow get away 45. A lot of comedians out there. Putting Neil on nine to 133. So that should have more votes than that. But again, it didn't affect. They don't get it. And hiring for well only 24 out of 38. We'll have over 400 votes by the bottom of the yard. This is phenomenal. In the hour. In an hour. Which means that people are leaving work. Kids are racing out of school right now. Running there or they're going to the nearest PC. Where we're going to have to go to them in school. They're going to go down the street and steal one out of a best buy. Which might not be a bad idea. Because if we want to go to best buy and stand online, you'll never get waited on anyway. Here's some more more clowns with more affony lineups. Very sad. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's a call from Boca. Hello. Good morning Neil. Good morning sir. I'll twist on your nominations if I may. I haven't twisted away. Great. That's what Chubby Chaffer said. Twist away. I'm not bringing in a great one for an hour. 67. He's a powerful speaker. Who's that? Let me rubber Jones here. Yeah, Reverend Jones. By the way, they told me you were to track last night. Reverend Jones and you're just as much of an asshole as the track as you are in person. I want to say this. Hey, Mickey McDick, I hope you're listening this morning. Mickey, you still suck your pathetic. Pick the 68 dollar horse I gave to fat rich in the first race last night. Never catch the dime on it. Had it in the double. And who's a bill bigler in the amateur race man. Amateurs the word baby. Had a $5 dollar go out or double going with a one to two shot in the second race in the horse. This makes a break at the start and finishes eight million lengths behind the field. Build bigler stick to the plant. Okay, stick to plant in the seeds. Billy, you're awful. Very depressing that to pop up. Plus fat rich kept farting farting. Oh, god. No, seriously. One time he would like standing over the night by the next table. I'm going to the side of the was nobody sitting at luckily for them. And he like, I wonder what is he doing over there pretending to be looking at the odds board and reading his program. And then he finally waddled back over to where our table wasn't sat down. Oh, man, my eyes, I felt like my eyes were melting. I had been staring directly at the sun for an hour. Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow. Hey, rich, nice seeing you, but forget about it. So we got 40, 39,530. These are magical day. We're going to go over the $40,000 mark for a banning per rescue. Which in a normal year will be over 80 grand by now. I'm sure. But it's not a normal year. Just act Jeff Cohen. He'll tell you. I don't feel bad. Everybody I talk to is crying to blues. It's just, you know, it's about everybody with bush people. Oh, the big recovery is on. Nobody else is telling me that. Everybody else is singing a blues. There ain't no business. Like showbennis. 414 votes. Like I said, we're going to have over 500 votes by noon today. Boys and girls. We're shadowing all records. 414. What's the biggest screw up that WQM has made in the last two years. Hiring, no Howard David. 128. Absolutely. Firing for well. 1212. A close second. They're pretty pissed off. First after you're in both for two hours this morning. Good guy. Wow. Blow out the first team of 68. Letting the crow get away 46. Putting Neil on nine to one. You crazy bastards. You. That was bad. 34. And firing for only 26 out of over 400 votes. I'm pretty impressed. Thanks a lot to impress me. I'm amazed. I'm blown away. By the response. Didn't hurt that we had the two articles in the paper this morning. Even though jikas of course is like, is he was your lot of mistakes? Lot of them and not that long one. It's only a few paragraphs. Tom and he still couldn't get away. God, but an idiot. Hey, if you're like Tom jikas, if you're over paid and underworked. I mean the other way. Oh, how do you like all those trips to LA time huh? You're out of touch baby. If you're underpaid and overworked. If your job isn't worth a dime. Here's a chance for you to really change your life. If you'd like to get yourself some training for a new high paying career. But you don't have four years your life to pay for and to wait to get yourself that career. Here's the answer for you. Call our friends at fanstrend. They told free at one eight six six fanstrend. They can have you trained certified for high paying computer and a work professional career or high paying medical computer specialist career and as little as four months. That's correct. You can be fully trained or ready for a new career in as little as four months. Fast train offers day evening and weekend classes. Job placement assistance and financial aid for people who qualify too. And with six convenient Florida locations and forum right here in South Florida. It just makes sense. There's bound to be a fast train close by you. So call them today. First if you like it and read more about what they do for you on a web at fastrain.com. And then make the call to change your life and get to a real high paying career. Call one eight six six fast train. And when you make that call be sure and tell them old Todd Dreck told you to call. We're supposed to be your five six. You a M. What's that graph they played on the whole? That's foul. I don't know what's good. Like that song I'm happy I live in a split level head. Do you remember that? How can you listen? I'm happy I live in a split level head. I'm happy I live in a split level head. You remember that? No. Why am I surrounded by morons? Come on, how is it? Don't you call me how he? There are nothings for poor nature from you. No. Go down. Go South Fethel. Okay, that's it. You're all. You're all fighting. You've been stooped in the oven. You listen to me, you're fighting. Go through that goes for you too. You who I am, I'm the king of power and I. I came down here after losing my child. To be a big fish. You're a little part of it. Do. When they kick me off the Espigian they told me Don't come back again. I had some problems with wise guys who would buy some time to tell them that I'm so sorry. Yeah. Fire. That's back there late all the way down. I got you. You're a fire. And I hope that kiss goes for dice. I hope you die. I hope you all die. I'm a big fish and a little punk to see you. I think fish and a little pot. Is that a pretty old city of May? I'm a big fish and a little pot. I'm a big fish and a little pot. Yeah. How long is that a money at 20? 1132 at 560 WCM Psychotic Thursday to a man November 13. An unlucky number for the whole world I think. This is not a good day. 428 votes though. Very impressive total of the people are emotional and psychotic and neurotic. About the ongoing. See how many times have I said this? You just kind of wanted yourself. Will everything eventually ever come down to earth? No. And like kind of settle here. You know what I mean? We've ever kind of like all come down and fall into place and settle. No. And no. Just it's just ain't gonna happen here. Because they can't leave it alone. It's just an never ending diddling process. 433 votes now they're coming in and chunks. Chunks. The biggest screw-up 2M's made in last two years. Hiring Mo 133 firing for well 120. Blowing out the first team 71. Letting the crow get away. 47. Putting the alumni to 136. Hiring for a little only 26. Let's see. Oh, Mike says. 850 AM is now WFT alone by the James Crystal Radio Group. Woooooh! I was in 4M's life. We can listen to what was really strong. D4 was on 4-7 daily and the show is really great. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, Mike. Man, you got a real sense of humor sweetheart. His show is really great. I like D4, but let's not get carried away. Okay. His show is really great. Right. You know what I think? You know what I think? Yeah, look. Exactly. Here's Miami Beach, hello. Hey, how are you Neil? I'm okay. Hey, I've been on Holes since 1972. C4 Jesus was a baby and look at keeping out a trouble. I love your show and I've been listening to it since the very beginning today where you're an allergy of the kid, the burning of time. Right. I think you really are pretty good friend of Borel's because you seem to be all around what Borel's real life problem is. When you're a 37 year old and you can't handle authority and you flip flop from job to job. Right. And nobody can tell you what you can do. Right. Think the words you're looking at if maturity. Right. That's pretty good analization. And if I think the best thing for all friends and family can do a sit down with them and say, son, you know, you're 37. You're really going to have to grow up. Have you ever met him? Yes, I have. Have you ever tried to have a rational conversation with him? Yes, yes. And he's a very young 37. Really? And I know that. Yeah, well, of course. And you know him on a friendly basis and you know he's a young man. He's a turkey, upbeat, sharp young man. But you know when you can't deal with authority, you can't deal with the bosses. And as you said earlier, today, you can't play the game the way it's supposed to be played. Right. Well, it's not a question of playing the game. It's a question of dual what they expected to do and do in the right day. And that's it. It's as simple as that. People draw the parameters and you do what are you don't do it. That's all. And I'll say it again when you keep getting can't over and over and over again. The rest of the world can't be wrong and you'll be right. It doesn't work that way. It's not like the whole world is on a lot of step and he's in line. And you have to admit that that goes to a man's maturity. It goes to a maturity level. Man, no, a maturity may be part of it. It'll also maybe just come in sense. Yeah. And it'll also maybe some people just are all that bright. If I, I, I, I hate to say that. But some people just aren't let smart and, and, and you know what he did use you Neil as a parameter for his performance. And well, well, I'm all me. Is this why is that? What the, I have to do with him. Well, you're, you're quite, frankly, I'm really, I really got a little bit very tired of that. Well, you know, Neil does it. And the fact that matter with Neil does into the things that he said that I do. Maybe the words are used, but not in a way that he uses him. And that's where he does not understand the difference. Exactly because your experience level are you. Are you that? I'm here, I'm listening. Okay, because I'll do it. Look, my assets, you know, it's all right. I'll serve from there. No, no, but your experience level shows you how far you can go. Where where you can go and where you can go and where you can go. No, but I'll, I'll give the best example again. We had a problem last year with a conglies a bit. And we had some complaints from some outside agitators who were trying to get me Can. And, you know, it came down to, they told me, don't play it again. Or we're going to have to fire you. You know, it'll be cause for fire in your ass. And so we don't play it anymore. That's all. You know, they need to play that. Of course not, you know. And have a great day. Thanks. That's all they don't do this. Okay, fine. Do I agree with it? No, of course I don't agree with it. But it's not my radio station. Like I tried to explain to some of those little, Holy Oigitators during your circle jerk last week. It's not my radio station. They coil they call the shots. And quite frankly, they give me enough latitude. Am I going to complain about it? No. Of course not. Not like every week they're coming in here and saying, Oh, gee, you did this. Because I don't. In addition to which I have a buffer. And the buffer being is that I have a guarantee in writing that the same Agitator who was agitating against for well can't agitate against me. I think that he signed voluntarily years ago after the man took two years out of my life at WIOD and it's a day in the INZ. And I'm sure he's listening right now. Even though he's not supposed to be better turn it off Jack. Turn it off right now. Maybe get your toothbrush ready. 560, 5060, pound 560 on the AT&T. And it's really very, very sad that we all live under this cloud. It just like that one guy went after Howard Stern. Remember that guy who was he was actually moving his residence from one market to another. Just so we could claim to live in a certain place. And legitimately a file a complaint against Howard Stern to the FCC. And infinity one to paying hundreds and hundreds of thousands of dollars in fines because of one person. Let me say it again. And I realize my saying it isn't going to make it so community standards aren't determined by one WACO anywhere. But one person likes or doesn't like or finds tasteful or distasteful should never determine Community standards, especially in New York or Miami or Los Angeles where there are millions and millions of people. And one person decides that something is offensive and therefore they're going to say, wow, we're going to find your ass. It's just again part of the whole thing that's happening in this country. The chilling a free speech. 456 votes, Moe was leading for L by 10. Hard to catch the moment. I'll tell you that when he's off to a big league like that. There he was here. There's 30 points here. Just calm down. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Yes sir. I too was on my mom also such a long time. That's okay. You're not going anywhere. Usually a first amendment champion. Yeah. And I feel bad that for real got camp. Yeah. What does that mean? What did I just get you saying? Well, you tell you talking about community standards and that. No, no, no, no. What did I say before that about the kind of lesbid? They said, don't play it or we fire you. Right. You decided that the pay check is. I decided that I need the job. Okay. If I had enough money to retire, I'd tell him stuff it. Goodbye. That's I play it one last time. And I'd say goodbye. That's it. I know it's kind of the end of the first amendment. It's got to do with the common sense. It's got to do with protecting your job, protecting your livelihood. That's what we're talking about here. Not the freaking first amendment. Well, I think for real, at the end of the day, he's brought a larger audience. It would've worked. I was going to put back on that. He's a timeslutter with a larger audience in the mad dog. Well, I don't know. Okay. I've been listening to you guys for a while. And he was drawn a good book. I think. I even don't know how to get back there. I hope that he was having a bad trend. But the David thing is just putry. I mean, if David said, How would David say? Well, the Howard David thing. I never heard him. It came by calling that. Well, really. David thing. David Howard. I mean, it's pure crap. They want to write up the whole. I'm just saying that. How we're turning in the morning. That there's something to do. I hope for real lands back in the Sydney. Maybe it's on the 940. 940 would be good. Actually, he and the croak into it. How to write a paper. You can go in there and take a nose to the bugger and tear for real. Of course, you good guy. But 45 pounds of talcum powder. If you ever met that corncrombardy? I know who he is. No, I'm not talking about. I didn't ask you do I. You know who he is. Okay. We're not questioning your sports trivia knowledge. We're asking. Did you ever meet the man in the flesh? Did you ever smell the talcum powder? No. 19 till noon. Just a little piece of advice. Don't. 19 till noon at 560 W. Come. We got the mad dog at two today. Who soon is going to be doing 8 to 10. Oh, right. I have that feeling. See, I tried telling before what to do. They never listen to me. In this place. They never ever listen to me. I got the solution for you right there. Mad dog 8 to 10. Neal 10 to 2. Have a hump or two to six. Any kind of crap you want to throw on here. 6 to 7 before whatever the ball game is. The hockey games and the whatever. There's the solution for it and just put it in there and leave it and go with it. And then you don't have to worry about the FCC and this one said this and that one said that and the adiati. Then you got it made in the shade, baby. Your hand and the answer right there for free a charge. Not even a consultation fee. Unlike their expensive consultants who have those big powaus. Those big boot camps in San Diego for a great expense. You don't even have to go to boot camp for this one. So what do you say, Greg? How about it? 18 to noon a QA. I'm not telling you one thing. Brandy shoes is going stronger than ever. They've been in business for over 25. Amazing years in this town. Have you got any idea? How many shoes do I go out of business every year in this town? About 30 man. At least. But Brandy is still going strong after 25 years because they give their customers an unbeatable combination for their feet. They give you the top brands, the top price, the deals and they have a staff that make sure you get a perfect fit every time with friendly personal service. It like rock ports. They got them. Echoes. Mephisto. Timberland. Clarks. S.A.S. floor. Shy. All the top names in a shoe business. And no matter what your feet are like, whether they're teeny and tiny or big and fat and wide, they got the size to fit your right now. In 6 to 15 women's five and 12 wits from the very narrow to the very wide. And with over 40,000 pair of shoes and stock in their gigantic 8,000 square foot megastore. You can bet Scott's life on it. That whatever you're looking for, they got in stock to slap on your foot right now. You'll find Brandy's at 12.9 North Federal Highway in Paparoba, Chopin, Daily 9 to 9. Sunday's 10 to 5 and don't forget. All this wiki can buy one pair at the regular price and get the second pair for half price on women's rose hammer some in vanilla and men's and women's new balance shoes. Let me say it again. The sale is on women's rose hammer some and vanilla and men's and women's new balance shoes. So stop by the store or get more info on a sale on their website. Brandy's shoes.com This is my annual Christmas Christmas Christmas! You, A-M! Just hang up here out there. The mad dog is out of control and you'll find out why. When you hear the latest release from Blackpustler Entertainment, Jim Madditch sings Do It. Well, our ride! I'm around in free, bro. Our ride! Human Ad Dog, humanity, sing, bless and growl. My name is Rory! The kids are all right! The kids are all right! The baby is all right! Oh, a ride! A ride! A ride! A ride! And it's good boy! The ride! The ride! The ride! The ride! At first Jim said he built a little bit cooler. I like that. You didn't get a whore, but now he says... I like that. The mad dog just can't kiss him up with that cottage cheese bud. If he wants me to sing God bless America and pasties of the G-Spring up here, I'll do it. You got snow! And everybody knows that it's all right! Oh, so right! Listen to the mad dog, sing himself happy! Oh, a ride! A ride! A ride! A ride! A ride! Jim, it sings to us! The available now at all blocks us through stories. I think that's the answer. 13 to nine, nine, five, sixty, double to QM. Here's a facts from Bill, one of hate swords like poison. When you lay off swords for a little, at Jesus, what is wrong with you, people, man? There are a lot of people who hate me, they hate swords, and that's fine, you're entitled. But what is on vacation this way? What does he got to do with anything? Does he have to do with something with this? Oh, no. Man, it's so ponderous. Anyway, Bill, whose real pot says, a nail for your second pull, I'd love to your Chuck Booms, of the late Great Collean Boomshow, I show that Amy Vani, you're anymore. And they said, George still sucks, I hope he gets fired next. See, that's kind of people who are dealing with here. Hateful nasty people who say, I'll be sending you a check on her bucks for a benefit rest. You know I'll be able to keep it, I don't want it. I don't want your check. You make me sick, go away. Your pot proceeds to greatest. No, I'm not defending George. I mean, I can understand why people don't like George, I don't like me. Everybody has their detractors, but this guy just carries it to such a level and such a degree, you know, like a fetish. Like he's got like a little George blow up dollar, and he's like a lickin' right now. Here's the facts that says screw all this to stuff about him, I'm perforasing. About the forl getting fired, the question is, does this mean he's not, this is one of our most chronic facts or the mall, I think it's an inside job. Does this mean he doesn't get his free dollar, my purse? How much of this is fat boy? Who sending these chronic facts? I just figured it out. Oh yeah, pal. Yeah, I think this is fat boy sending these facts. Does I know this is the inside, the handwriting. We're so anybody else. It's you, fat boy. Oh yeah, pal. We got to pull anybody. You tub a crap, by the way, the Saber's stink. I don't know, they got to tie last night, at least got wantin' and I'm fable. That's okay. We'll be back. We're not. Oh, look at this. The next flash on the next reef first. Then we can change the pull. I already, uh, it affects the into one. Because this enough is enough on this. We've already proven to point. How many? We got 496 and when it refreshes again, it'll, uh, it'll be so refreshing. In fact, I'm going to do it right now manually and refreshing thing too. Okay, let's see how many votes we got on the first pull that I just less than an hour in 20 minutes. This is, uh, earthshocking, shaking. 498, uh, so only two more to get over 500. Meantime, I'll read you the next pull. It's going to be up at noon. At noon, Eric, and then you can go back to the lunch. What's the biggest screw up? I'm having this. Ha ha ha ha. What's the biggest screw up meal just made in the last few seconds reading that again? I played that one bit twice. I'm just not well. I got to get out of here. Why don't you go back to Canada, Fad Country, okay? Who would you like to see replace for Ralph from 8 to 10 AM on QA? And that's our question. I see. We've asked these things in various forms before, but of course in this case, it turns out to be a reality. Because we have a big, kind of like screw in. We have a big opening. A big empty slot to fill. Here are the choices on there. I think I may have carved them all. I don't know. Don't care. I won't listen anyway. Jim Manditch, Kim Boe Camper, the big, uh, Jeff De Forest, Joe Rose, Joe Zagaki, or Moan Keldy's 6 to 10 AM. I think I covered them all. I don't know if we have anybody else with good stick in there. Who would you like to see replace for all 8 to 10? I think I'm sure I'll hear about it. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. But if I refresh it one more time here, I bet we'll be over 500 volt. Don't be a phenomenal thing. Almost as a sonny as we go over 40 grand on our abandoned per rescue. 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. But if I refresh it one more time here, I bet we'll be over 500 volt. Won't that be a phenomenal thing? Almost as a sonny as we go over 40 grand on our abandoned per rescue. 508 to be exact. The biggest screw up WCM has made it in the last two years. Here it is. Firing Moa Howard David. Or a hiring Moa Howard David. Oops, excuse me. That hasn't happened yet. Hiring Moa Howard David 157. Firing Farell. Firing Farell. Firing Farell. Firing Farell. Firing Farell. Firing Farell. Firing Farell. Firing Farell. Firing Farell. Firing Farell. Firing Farell. Further into feito speed are imported into California. Ninstall is for sale M probabilists a awaiting South America. ahir Phink ori teng mes  sinse  might be quicker if you're runningack.Capio cloud. dowiad AVSCO Thou Firing Farell. to feel like a criminal for breastfeeding her baby girl mundane as the burger change for an apology. Army-based burger king Corpus should age a generic apology and a prepared release the other day. Burger King Corpus in our franchisee apologized for any of our guests' experiences at our restaurant on November 10, 2003 to release said. And that's it. The company said its employee was simply responding to the request of another customer who was uncomfortable with Giri breastfeeding at the eatery. Giri was never asked to leave the restaurant this day and said. The general manager sent a female employee to speak with the woman asked that she either cover herself or moved to the lady's room. Giri contends she was fully covered. The restaurant about 40 miles south of Salt Lake City does not have a policy on breastfeeding. Utah State lost his woman as a right to breastfeed anywhere on a bus out in the middle of the street in the Ure living room in your dining room in Uranus anywhere she wants. And Scott's pack and he's ready to move to Utah. And then of course you can mirror like about 50 or 80 of them if you like to on top of it. Well I sure all long weeks of this fax machine here I'll tell you that. Not a good setup in this joint. Let's see here's a chronicle. Can we get to figure out if fax is? Can't we hear from some different people? The fax machine is just like the damn phone. It's the same, same lifeless mung heads. Look at the writing. I mean even you recognize it. No don't mean it. I like I said look look the other way. They took for rails picture out of the hosts section on the website already. However they overlooked the little blue lineup ticker in the middle. Ha ha. Here's another endorsement for spik and sudsates. Rick and suds are not coming to WQM. Okay to break the news to you. Rick and suds don't do a sports show which automatically says they won't be here. Then it says, what does it some surprise the little anti-smintic Julio when he returns from I don't know what that means? Come surprise the little anti-smintic Julio when he returns vacation. Do you want anything I do with that mean? No. Come surprise. Okay whatever you say. 560 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Let's get about 400 calls in before noon. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Hey New home. Pretty good sir. Yeah. I think that anyone who is listening has to realize that the most important thing is to keep the station on the air and most importantly to keep you on the air. I mean what good is this? Well not just keeping me on the air but if they can't keep the license keep the station on you know all this other talk is just a bunch of gibberish. No I guess what I meant. Absolutely. And the other thing is I have a feeling that Greg Reed probably in hiring for Alphabee Phil that he was going to see your example to see. You know how to do that. Oh please don't do that to me now. I'm I absolved myself of any of that. Okay I do tend to too. I'm not here as a teacher and instructor. I'm motivator. I'm here doing my own thing. I try to cooperate with everybody else except Moa of course. And I do the best I can. I get along great with a mad dog with the ATK, with Hank, with the Joe Rose, with Bo Kamper. I get along great with everybody here except those early, early morning guys and other net everything here is fine. So don't put it off on me please. I don't understand anything. But that's what a lot of you are doing it. I don't I resent that. Especially listen to me especially when you're dealing with guy who all listen to anybody you can't talk to this man. Okay good point naturally. Hey you just want to ask me though. I just got back from Hamburg Germany. You know you've got to go. I know that you go up to Colomans and Berlin. On area you've got to go up to Hamburg. Hamburg? Greatest city in Germany. Really? It's it's it's going to hold you for an army on something from say from Frankford or Munich or even Berlin. Do they do they like boost step a little bit there? Uh not really. They're supposed to step more for you. They don't have to be able to do as much of it. Yeah. You'll the women and for you the men. Oh pardon me for me the men and for you the women. Okay. I'll check him out and see if I can figure out which is what? Sachelod Pally. All righty. Bye bye. Four minutes till noon boy it's smoking right along we got 541 votes on that poll and an hour and a half. It is just a shove it to Eric is like uh doesn't know whether the scream or peel is a thing. Plus I uh been on my tongue earlier when I was eating that bacon. God was punishing me. I shouldn't have been eating that. I only had like three or four strips. In fact they sent another one of those big things with my name on it and I open it up from the box out there and it had another 800. You're already almost killed me already. How is your food is great? We appreciate it. But it's got the crap. That was three orders of bacon. That whole big thing? No that must have been 40 orders of bacon. No kidding. God Almighty. No third of single battles. That's why I didn't bring that one in here. I just brought one of those little uh the things wrapped in foil and how about three four strips. That's damn good best bacon in the world. How is it by the way it's loaded with nitrites and stuff that'll kill you. Cause cancer. Stream it up still noon a QAM. Hey imagine this imagine zero closing costs zero application fee zero credit bureau fee zero discounted points. It's the last mortgage you'll ever need. It's the revolutionary only one mortgage from our friends at financial group and now with an interest rate of just 1.95% you'll save like crazy for example. When this deal you pay only 738 bucks a month if you have a $200,000 loan. And once you be fine answer good new home mortgage from financial group you'll never ever pay closing costs again. So call today tool free 1-800-940 land grab real financing power with the low rate mortgage you can move to your next property without any further cost of expense. Only one mortgage from financial group. If you want all the details here's the deal call 1-800-940 land. It's a whole new and smart way to buy. There's zero underwriting fee zero dot fees zero prepim and penalty and zero closing costs even when you move to another property. I'd like that. So get financing it just 1.95% call 1-800-940 land and never ever pay closing cost again. Call financial group today do it right now call 1-800-940 land LE and the the Enquil housing lender restrictions apply rates up to change monthly 5.19 APR. 5. And local year sports radio 560s you and you and you and you. Hey, you. Check out what's not in the pages of this month's not rosy magazine. Wow, it's not a single photo of rosy or battle scaring your hair cut. Right. And that's not all you'll be missing in the new issue of not rosy. Check out page 72. Gosh, there's got a single word about our completely sexual evacuation of concrete. That's right. Because not rosy magazine is not 100% rosy free and we think that's a 100% improvement. Are there any healthy eating tips from rosy? The world's most unhealthy looking celebrity? Absolutely not. Either any photos of rosy on a motorcycle or there's any one boyfriend? No. Because that's not a boy and the magazines not rosy. So tell me ladies still miss rosy. Not rosy magazine. It's not about rosy and that's not bad. Hey rosy, how you doing? Sweet I. It's a 12.25. 16 WQAM. Here's a fact it says put from Marty back on 8 to 10 a.m. No, that's probably from Pete Boulder. Gotta be from the people over there cheap channel. I just can't wait for it. Plus, he's already got a job. There are any low-readed. They're almost invisible. Morning show on Schloss 940. Is that where he's going 940? For real. It's not going anywhere. Come on, let's hear it. What do you mean he's not going anywhere? I think he's going to his kitchen now for a second. I'm talking about Monday morning when he go or after no one ever has going on an ear. What does that even tell us? You know, believe me, you know, you're holding back information which is not good. I would never do that to your holding back am I right? Absolutely. We know it. Five, six, seven, oh okay, we can change the pull on there. I thought we said we changed it at noon. Now it was probably busy a digesting several branches and lunches this morning and now it's already afternoon. Come on Eric, went and down. Slide it down there. 564 votes. This is the last time I'm looking at this woman. I look at the screen again. I want to see that new pull about who'd you like. And that's all he's got to do. How do you got to do is make the change? Like Michael Jackson said, make the change, baby. There's changed the pull and then you can go off and you can have just eat all day long. Eat yourself until you have a ruptured pupic. 564 votes in the final total is. Who's the, well, what's the biggest screw up QMS made in last two years hiring more Howard David in 171? Absolutely. Firing for Rell. Oh, I see I was trying to read it. Now he changes it on me. See what a prick we're dealing with out there. Good to know he's not listening. Yeah. Yeah, he's not listening just like certain other people who aren't supposed to be listening. Not listening right. And I got some real hot land in every way. It's to set your real cheap. Okay, you don't need to tell what is anyway. Moe, Moe, one to deal. Ah, that's correct. What would you like to see? We've placed for Rell from 8 to 10. Who would you like to see? What who? I'm QAM. We can put ricken suds on there. I don't see why we don't do that. Is that Eric? Is that that smug that fat putter? Tell him put ricken suds on there and then we'll let him go to lunch. We got I don't care because I won't listen anyway. Jim Mandage, Kimbo camper, the big God forbid. Don't do it Greg. Jeff the forest Joe Rose, Joseph Aki. Here's a gacky. Okay. And Moe and guilty six to 10. And then we'll put ricken suds in there. I'm voting for the mad dog. I'll tell you that right up front. I don't care. Usually don't tell you one vote and four. I don't care. My vote is for the mad dog. He's a ratings monster. He is the sleeping giant of a sports talk and just entertainment in general in this market. He really is. He's a lot more popular than most people realize. You know, we just take him for granted I guess because he'll number 88. What? Who? I was answering the phone. Jim Mandage old number 88. Now when I said old number 88, you have to ask me who I'm talking about? If I said he was old number 80, would you have any idea who I was talking about Mark Clayton? I dumped the bitch right now. I would too Joe Joe Rose number 80. Those two tight ends. No, he wasn't a football player. I just like feel like taking showers with the guys naked or would I close on he don't mind. Okay, we got some votes on there already. It just popped up on there. Don't care. I won't listen to 10 anyway. Six. Now see those are people either who don't listen to the radio before 10 or who listen to Howard sperm or some of their station. They're just not QA and people. At least not not at that hour. Six. Mad dogs got five. It just went up there. The force two rose one and none for anybody else out of the first the first maddering a 14 vote. 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's Pompano. Hello. Pompano. Going once. They're only under a couple of hours. Oh, and I see you you're really pressing your luck two days in the world. You think we're gonna get a real call from coral geobles. Hello No, didn't happen. 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and for eyes in line. Here's uh, oh, this is coral geobles and there's nobody on there either. So it didn't work. Here's Hollywood. Hello. How you doing there? Okay, sir. Yeah, I want to please a vote. Joe Rose. I think man it's really tough. I mean, I like him if he's cool, but he's putting what's getting stale to me. He talks about the change stuff. He has to up against people who drink shard and they and they get stirren and green lizard is getting stale. You know, I trust his opinion on football but nothing else. See you're a little dark man. I like him. He likes a little dog. This guy. He's tickling his own fancy there. Plus the one good thing if we put Joe on there, we know he'd talk about for two hours. Or from Boca. Yeah. Which I wouldn't mind following that. I voted for the mad dog. Lug Joe Rose. I don't have no problem with that. I don't have no problem with uh, there's only uh, well, I have a lot of problem with a lot of them. But that having been said, let me also say this. I'm just reaching for faxes. Let me just also say this. I don't really care that much. We do tend to too. Uh, well, now what is this? You put Rick and Sides put Warren Cromarty. No, I'm not. Don't don't be direct in the show. Okay. Now we're getting a fax who was direct in the show. It's got to be inside job. Here's one that said, oh, this Alex. I'm, you want to send like 50 faxes every day. I'm not going to read them. Okay. Just like callers. Once a king always a king. But once a queen's enough. That's once a print Charlie says, Prince is Charlie over across the pond. She's under a lot of stress. You know, under her dress. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. The big problem. What is the big problem, sir? Okay. The big problem is he's put right now. The hour David. He's polarized the entire staff of the station. He's made the listen. He's not want to listen. And you need a lead in. I mean, the face they need to get a true 6 to 10 morning show. Absolutely. Just like when the first team was on, what do you like? Joe Defarge, should like go be a little bit like Joe Rose? Yeah, we didn't have a day and no doubt of your problem in those days. Everything was going along. That's why that's why they screwed around with it. Absolutely. And that's absolutely. And that's a really effective show from, you know, five to nine and nine. Yeah. Yeah. And what about that? That's a thing. Nobody. See, I think that's a radio for 50 years. And it was previously morning drive. Six to 10. I've been working in a radio for 200 years. And I never heard of such a thing that they got these chopped up little blocks. And the only reason that they're back into a quarter doing that was another Greg mistake. Because he screwed up moving the deal. And he had to withstand Howard's contract. Because he screwed the thing when over his, uh, his hand on the contract. So now he stuck with the guy that he doesn't want. So they jammed him back there in the, we hours of the morning here for the next 80 years to leave. He's broke. Well, the, and the other five, I don't know if you've listened to the often broadcast on the radio and you have to know. No, I never listen to the games by hearing he's making a lot of mistakes. He has all but new to the man dog. Really? He might or not be on anymore. Oh, he likes to do that. He likes to do his hard cast. He likes to do his color comments. And then like, man, though, just now left to be making his anane comments. With the four ends, and for work, good team. Right. And so, you know, it's just he's, he's, he's, he's ruined the football ball. He has the next one. And he has the moon. And he's the one, whenever they play. And he's ruined the morning. And he's colorized and has everybody. I mean, Joe Rose never said, but about anybody in that one Saturday, he had that, that, that, that, which you played a hundred times, that, that, that, that, why, all the conversation he had with Howard David, he ripped him apart. Uh, that's correct. So he's just, you know, he's colorized station and I think that they should come out, get rid of him, and tell him his money. Let him do his top and broadcast and put somebody else in there. You know, I think I have two words that I think are going to solve the problem. Nursing home. Yes. Have a great day, Pally. I bet. Maybe they can send him to the same nursing home that, and the wall is on passion is going to go to. They can compare notes. Although in his last funnier. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a AT and T, and Verizon wireless line as we continue. It's like like I told you years ago. It's a soap opera, maybe. That's what's all about. But I also want to tell you this. It's all about two things. Entertainment. That's number two. That's way down the list. And number one, it's about money. Don't be interested. That's what we hear for it. That's what commercial radio is all about. It's about making money. Now, I want to draw parallels. Since somebody was a fact of me before about for else the best thing since Phil Henry to come to the market. I'll draw your parallel. Now, for well, also did the thing yesterday, which I don't know. I don't think this is the reason you got a kid, but it was like frosting on a cake. He did a spot for one of our sponsors. And yes, so he does crazy. Well, off the wall spots. That's fine. But it would, and he complained about the copy, which I agree with him. I do that all the time, too. But he did a spot that was so unacceptable. If I were to client pain like a couple hundred bucks for the spot, I'd be outraged. He never even gave the phone number. Oh, just a pick up your dress and give me the money. It's one thing to be funny. But in other words, when the sponsors are flying away, because they're not going to pay money for just stick and a sandwich or with Phil. Phil had good ratings. A great talent, but he had no credibility. Every time he did something, people thought a wish stick, which is why he had almost no spots, because sponsors didn't believe that he had an credibility to back up his endorsing their accounts. They're business. So there is a similarity there, but it's not a good one. Because no matter what you talk about no matter how entertaining you are, if you can't bring into bus, bye-bye. See ya. It's 11 past noon at 5.60 WQM. I hope you see in Vickanerves in Fort Lauderdale. But what a great place. Years ago, there used to be everywhere you went when you, I don't want some like an old funny daddy, although I certainly am. But in the old days, used to have all these home-town restaurants that were so good and everything was fresh, everything was made to order right on a grilling front of your post, as opposed to the prefabricade, didn't it crap that you get nowadays? Well, Vickanerves was one of those great places. In fact, they were in Rochester, going all the way back to 1934, and the good news for us is now the rain for Lauderdale. They're on federal highway just south of Bradford about the tunnel on the east side. Vickanerves is a real flashback in town of those good old days. So stop into Vickanerves and you're a burger or hot dog, sir fresh fast and delicious. Vickanerves is being brought to you in town by the same people, who could feed you cheaper, cheaper, using the same fresh 100% ground chuck meat as cheaper, cheaper. On a menu you'll find a big fat one, and a credible quarter pound hot dog you'll have a tough time getting your lips around. And of course they put that signature meat sauce on top of all their burgers and dogs, which is what sets them apart from everybody else that's why it's so outstanding. They've also got a great breakfast menu, all kinds of goodies under menu. For example, they got omelettes cooked to order, friends, toast pancakes, all your favorite side dishes, so stop by a vickanerves, whether you're from Rochester, whether you're from Albany, Skinnecti, from Uranus, no matter where you're from your love it. You'll find them on federal highway just south of Bradford, Bradford, on the tunnel on east side, and be sure to tell them that old Rochester and underlined the old part, ancient Neil sent you by the vickanerves. Update of what took place just now off the air, because I think it's important to hear this. Howard just called the radio station Howard David, who I get along with great, I thought. He called me an asshole saying I was trying to stir it up. My point back to Howard is listen to 101.5 let me see what age group 101.5 for Howard maybe 102.7 some easily listening love music so you could focus on your wife and your family and the grandkids instead of listening and always calling the radio station. He's become an Howard the caller like Howard from Boca. Howard from Boca. It's like, you know, it's okay. So anyway, he's he's listen. So this one to get the message out and don't call my show too. Just for a record. Don't call off the air because I don't want to talk to you. And I don't want to hear you on the private line. Congratulations. You know the private line number that's great, but don't call because you're not coming on this show. You've got your three hours five to eight. Monday through Friday you can talk all you want, but you're not coming on this show. And we'll leave it at that. All right. I got nothing against you. You seem like a decent person. And I know you've been getting that taken a big hit on the radio station from everybody else, but it's over me and you've done it absolutely. Yeah. 12 16. I heard that Kristen made up a couple of days ago. Now just a rumor. Never gonna happen 12 17 and 5 16 WQM where we all hate each other alleged. You know, now we don't hate each other. Everybody gets along here except for one. See, that's why he didn't show up at the Christmas party or whatever party that was the ratings party. And that was a good line because for once in his life he's been on this. Well, realizes that he has no friends in this building and you know what, more you are. That's the real record for once. You find the catch and on. 5 6 7. Here's a lady. We sure have that made ladies this week. I'll take that. Lady and four Myers. Hello. Hi, you know who I am. Okay. I wanted to do a little bit of a top of change. Not that I don't love your poll. But I've heard you're heard in saying or mentioning that that has WN's coming in the way to Fort Myers. There's a little soft money, you know, banquet. No. Yeah. I know W's ran in a four-cock here. It's always for an international airport and for a mayor. So, be here for $7 for $2,000 a day or a five at home. Have fun, Georgie. So, I just want to mention that. So, if any of the crazies are out, they can come and bother him. Because he's battling me with traffic and BS and shutting down the roads. Okay. Thanks, all. We should overcome. Have a great day. 5 6 7.05 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Who would you like to see replace for Ralph Scott for Ralph from AT&T on QAM? Now that he's gone, 98 votes in the 18 minutes. You will be the paces slow down a little bit. What's that? I guess it. Right now. Oh, my yellow is there right now. Okay. I'm also out about it. Thank you. From now on to the van is at Marine Max Boats. 7,00 South Federal Highway in Pompeo Beach courtesy of the real yellow pages from Bell South to first 15 people to donate to a band in Pervistiu and get some of our best in the Elmerch and Nice Will get a movie pass good for two people to a special showing of timeline on November 25. You can also sign up to catch the sneak preview of the 2003 Marlon World Series Championship and we'll tell you more about it in the van. Maybe give you ride in the van too or right on whatever. So we got 39,530 we need only 470 bucks because I added to Jeff Cohen's 100 in there. Thank you Jeff. Even though times are tough. For 70 we should be able to do that right and if we don't you'll make up the difference. 26 people say I don't care I won't listen anyway. Okay. Well you're honesty is refreshing out of 98 Rick and Sudge 21. How do you like that? Rick and Sudge got 21 votes even though we know they're not going to be on. Damn it Jeff the 419 Jim Mandage 16 on I see I don't believe that. I don't believe it. Do you believe it? No. No Joe Rose 11. Joe's a Gackie's got a pair. I can't book him for Scott a pair and you can imagine. Can you imagine? I don't want to think about it. He's about 80 tall. The big oh's got one. Oh oh oh oh it's probably him and Moan Geldy's 6 to 10 AM have got so far. They've got the big no votes no votes for Moan Geldy's 6 to 10 AM. That is really shocking out of the first 100 votes. They don't have a one. They got nothing. Is that predictable or what? Absolutely. God. I'd be humiliated. He just he just refuses. He doesn't care. See in a way actually he's got to write out of the two. He doesn't care and he's just continuing to take the money and Keep you know refreshing is going to last me back and that's it by more checkered pants. It says let's say land oh no I'm so distressed from this fact that I just want to fall on the floor. I'm I this this thing Yeah, we'll go all the way down the floor on the mic boom. I might have to line the floor and do the right to this show It says hey the last night Joe and Mark were lobbying big time for the 8 to 10 AM slots so they probably should be on your list No He says I think to manage ideas best says with the Humper to the scissors you suggest then you can put on the big Oh As it beboard for his good service. I have no problem with that. I mean if he has to be on which is sad to begin with but that's okay It said that slots irrelevant most of them anyway Nobody would life lessons then which makes it perfect for sports nerds and half the nice little good Coach for pants is Marlon's canzy out of yati out of yati right excellent job there are a mark regular Factor but that first part there Joe and Mark were lobbying for the 8 to 10 AM slot that is unbeatable On a center while I love Joe Costello is a good friend, but the answer is positively no not ready for prime time give me a break That is just mind blowing 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT and T and Verizon wireless line Here's a call from Davy hello Hey, you know how you doing pretty good All right, that's great. I got the perfect the perfect reason you might say to fill in actually take over the I'll put what he calls what he calls the second first team there with Moan the second team Right I got the But he called one from Little Hothanna mocked Jeff fan and Richie from Boyz I don't forget Paul the Paul the Patriots fan is not become another asshole That tells Rabbi I forgot about him and also David just found where he went right Hopefully far okay, we'll think about it. They'll work cheap anyway Get a New England Paul and I I told you and we even Paul told you what an asshole he was So he quit the faxes because nobody are reading many more so now he's become a chronic color It's just amazing these chronics if if we shuffle them away from this show or anybody else to show They'll always find some place to land on a show that doesn't discriminate doesn't discern That'll put anybody on over and over see and again I blame I blame the people in programming in this radio station for letting that go on I mean, they're so concerned about the language for elbows used nony or in all the heat they were getting for I can understand that but how come they're not concerned about the chronic regulars who taken over that early early morning part and it just made it unlawful I'm sorry, but it's just it's just basic common knowledge when you talk radio of any kind sports rating else We're gonna have the same chronic regular zone. It's the kiss of death Nobody and I mean even his family don't want to hear one from a little of Anna Tucker who's also very chronic facts here. Oh Says I think you M will miss for real not because of show us so great But because it was something new and it said least was different. I love the mad dog, but in the two to force lot Why The Something you mentioned the list you mentioned the must of be desired much like the old man is tip squeaky between five and eight a M For that reason I say give the five to six a.m. our back to join mark Boywout Mo and Jodie bringing John Renshaw six to ten a.m. He's a sports nerd But anyone they stick in there is gonna be a sports nerd at the very least he's new and different John Renshaw does anybody have any idea do you ever heard him? Oh, yeah the ranch Who else that what's he like putting for a while Where's he on Istanbul no, seriously, where is he on what market is he on him? I couldn't even tell you anymore. I'm trying to hear so useful. It's got it's just You know his John the wrench Yeah, wrench. Yeah sure, dude. Yeah, and what is his six same as for all sort of With the same gravity voice yes and a lot of dirty talk Bye bye bye like that I'm telling me what you're that area All about 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Mars never heard him the beast has a blind sheet of paper. What does it say? He was unwapping. Oh, he was on the fan. Oh, yeah, let's bring back all the people from the fan How about all the other losers they had unlike Jim Barry what do you say? Oh, huh Jim Barry no rhymes with Mary no And Gary Indiana which ain't two from Chicago, which he's a fan all in team. Oh Who else did they have on air how about or more testies destroyer? You know let's put more testies on air. What do you say more testies more often? The fan oh brother just like that guy with his uh bull what was that the booms and Kylie and their goon? Same crap. I say let's put a non-sports show in air. Oh, yeah I mean I know we won't hire Rick and Suts because they want some real money But if we're not gonna put the mad dog and they let's put a non-sports show is leading to us. Oh, that sounds beautiful Who would you like to see replace for real from the eighth day among QM Rick and Suts got 43 They're like pulling away from the pack which on the one hand is very nice But on the other hand you know what's never gonna happen. Well, that makes us feel like doody. I know Don't care I won't listen anyway 31 Jeff the 4st 24 Jim managed 18 that kind of surprises me Joe rose 15 Kimbo camper three Joe's a gacky three the big Oh three and Guess what? Mo finally voted Mo and guilty 6 to 10 a.m. Have got one one vote You know it's gotta be more it wouldn't be guilty because they ain't gonna get no more than that 26 past noon we got the mad dog coming up at 2. I'm sure I have something to say about this He's probably most are gonna be talking about brand greasy and Jay fever and Jay and Brian and Jay You think and Probably a lot of intensive hockey talk later on this afternoon to the Move from the bench Hey, dude are you tripping Man, I must be tripping because your face is dripping these folks are wearing Dr. Smalls psychedelic insult I'm tripping so hard. I might start flipping Oh, when you talk it sounds like a record skipping the jell and doctor schmol psychedelic insults has a special ingredient that's pure ecstasy YouTube and I'm tripping like Scotty pippin I am so tripping. I feel like stripping I'm gonna start on syphine Your crash-bound reality is slipping And it's all thanks to Dr. Schmol psychedelic insults. I got a buzz. It's totally ripin Okay, it's the 12th 30. I got to find a thing on here. Let's see. I see it and don't have it on their website yet You think AP might have it anyway judge more has been removed from the bench Oh, oh, he's out Crazy a bans dude crazy a fundamentalist Bible thumping lunatic There is some good news and oh Look at his backs Over and over again. I'm as fax about 4,000 times it's written Yeah, over and over and over again It says I love listening to Jeroes rip mull. I think that and the two-page surgery call which mull cowardly dumps should be on the loop from 5-8 Probably get a bigger number. I never thought I could hate him more, but after listening to his smuggled answer this morning It pushed me over the edge. I hope you choke on that nasty old rug you homophobic ass sucking piece of shrimp Is what it says here meaning mull and also says five thousand times here on the bottom of the fact I think they hate you most well. I'm thinking five six seven. Oh five 60. Oh, look at this Brian Kobe Brian Made this first appearance before the judge will preside over a sexual assault problem Today deciding against entering a formal plea for now and saying nothing during a brief hearing He's mom that women would like that and say a word you're pretty dumb Kobe Like they got to call the other day said all the money in the world a hot-wife picking a pay 50 grand a week for hookers if he wants and instead, you know Here's one. It says I vote for Mark the Jets fan and Richie from Borset. Yeah, oh, yeah, I'll get a lot of us Yeah, they get a lot of votes to leave town on a bus Well, pack a misalami sandwich stale Adrian says I think it was the beast that killed for real that anxious nasty pig Woo It says hey, maybe you can try a barrel beast and Neil can go to Canada and dump you Niagara Falls I hate the beast squealing laugh like to problem with a branding arrow and get him on here Also, it says I'll be the first to say that George is a pretty cool guy. Well, how do you like that? Somebody looking up on George George will be here tomorrow. So I'll give people a hate him like poison just to get all your good material ready. Let's see. What would I find it? Huh You think MSNBC Because they they've got right off of that. I'm seeing it in how about MSNBC? Let me give them a shot, okay? What the hell I don't even know what it is on this. Oh, here it is it works sure to provoke some reaction If not in Alabama across the country as well. We'll following that for you right now over to Chris Yeah, right now over to Chris okay Alabama judges are very more voted. He's out they kicked his ass off the bench He's sitting on a bench in Del Rey now and boy they're mold Jews there. Look at them Look at this beautiful stuff five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT and T line Here's what it says I knew for real wouldn't last long how about comedy bits from me to 10 a.m The answer that is Okay, how's that thing coming Rick and Sun 67 not gonna happen. I should probably should have put it on there to move point Don't care I will listen anyway 39 Jeff the 4th 29 mad dog 23 Joe Rose 17 Moan, gullly six to 10 a.m. I'm moving on up now seven The big o6 Joseph Gacky three and Kim Babou camper a three out of the first 194 votes on this our second poll of the day What do we have like five something on the first one five 40 something like that? I thought it was almost 600 So we're like a boy they're pouring in Here's Miami hello Pretty good The answer right under your nose. Yeah, I'm putting in George from HHS. Yeah sure put him on the pole No Also Now you know lever with your audience You would be very very sad if more were fires now I would not You if but you're the funny stuff that you've produced in the last year Yeah, here to have had come because of mold. Oh, there's no question about that. He's he's an endless source of Grah material It would it would create a huge vacuum no Fire absolutely no, that's not true. Somehow somehow I managed all those other 26 years before we ever came around we found somebody else That was true, but I mean it just I don't really want to see anybody fired I'm not one of those people that takes joy in getting a people getting a fire like mode does I don't take joy in that It just it just wouldn't be the same hearing the simple get ready But I'd rather have like a real good show on 6 to 10 in the morning as opposed to like having to make Funded the guy because he's so bad See what I'm saying I Have a fine people right day pal. You too Oh man Oh here we go. Here's a little squiggly jury again sending us stuff not today. He's Edgar don't read him a little squiggly Jerry Edgar don't read him Here's Miami. Hello Yes, sir George it's on show between eight and now Okay, no and that's what the guy just said before you and he answers still the same No, George ain't getting his own show. They're not putting George on okay, and it is to which George works on this show See I'd like to recognize the George works on this show he'll be here tomorrow to work on this show So let's start trying to spread him out tooth in he's already got more than enough problems I'm what you don't even realize yet Including one being a big mouth Here's a point and be hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. I am so glad about that judge more get up here Why do we get some good news today? Where he's out one less hypocrite to hear from that's just awesome right now If we can only get rushed little ball pat Robertson and Jerry fall while it's just right here. I'm almost coming back on here I'm on day baby look at that That's what's practice. I've got a plan for him. Yeah, rush rush I want to let it's you know, if you're listening on my hide-op Kind of 80s all over your property starting under your front door mat so Just look for those green meanies. They'll be there for you leave a diagram and his mailbox. He'll over to find him Yeah, one last invitation to our cousin's across the pond. I guess W's gonna be over there next week Yeah, although I understand they're gonna forsake the carriage ride They've been too bad. They could have you know what I had okay? Have a great day 567 0560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line here's for Lauderdale. Oh Yeah, sir. Hey, how you doing today? Pretty good. So two quick points and I will be quick I'm really good at this for RL in this town on the 8 to 10 I thought that 8 to 10 that was my morning entertainment And it's beautiful I miss that anyway second thing I want to say is um there was a song that that was done Month of sure ago with the Mow and for RL the happy together. Yeah It would be great to somehow hear that one more time. It's coming up Oh, I live have a great day, pal. I do know. Thank you. See when I configure out what are you guys? Have got all the stuff in this DCS not not good not good at all In fact, what is that under? I'm telling him we got it. It's coming up. Is that it? Is it this one? I'm not gonna play I think I think it's called crappy together. Is that the one? Yeah, I think it is. Is that under crappy? No, it is not See what I mean, they're all over the place in here Crap me the AC. It's just a crappy together. Not a good job because I think you're doing one system and your just doing another one and everybody's all over the place I sure like my DCS in that throw out away Because I'm the only one that's dealing with it 56050505050808080 and T-line Rick and Suds pull the way from the pack, but it's a mood point So that I mean, yeah, I'll give you the number but it that means nothing Jeff de Forest 30 can you believe that Jeff de Forest and lean away? That's a shocker Mad dog 24 maybe they like the mad dog where he is two to four You think Evidently I don't know because they sure love him like crazy. Maybe they just love him two to four. They love him more Here's Pompano. Hello Oh, no, yes, sir Please do not listen put four lando before you. Oh, that little never happened no change I was on whenever it turned the radio on that guy seems to be there I don't know if you look at the cotton in the studio there, but he's on all the time Yeah, and I tell you when mo came on I used to listen to the morning show all the time with Jeff de Forest and Joe Rose at a little bit of a personality Mo and Geldian now I just stopped watching it and I loved for all leading into you, but I don't know what it is with Mo I don't know Pictures of Greg or eat or what he's the worst one to listen to I just can have I like the guys before him I was up one five in the morning Joe and Mark what about Joe and Marcae to ten that sounds like no, I lose it a may no change I would take them over Mo. Yeah, well, I'm not we're not talking about Mo Yeah, okay, I just might that's my two cents. Okay, thanks Polly okay, well you have a great day Well, a lot of people have some ideas on this because we got a real crisis here We thought I thought everything was going along great Of course, I wasn't here. I was up in Toronto safely away from all the insanity going on here And then do I pick the week to come down here? Yeah, what see somebody will say oh Let's go as Neil came down a fire and I'm right then had a whole lot to do with it I Just I am just lucky. I just know how to pick him See I don't have a pick him Just stick your way up there until you can try to find where your brain used to be before you came here And anyway this so this will overcome I was gonna say maybe you can talk some sense in them, but nobody ain't gonna talk no sense in it for well Like that So no matter where he goes he'll be doing that same thing and of course if it's in his market he's gonna be followed by the same Shadows I'm afraid Anyway, Rick and Susie got 77. I don't care. I won't listen any way no matter what you put on eight to 10 during those hours 47 That's 21% D432 mad dog 25 little dog 19 Mo and guilty 6 to 10 the whole four hours nine the big o eight Kim before and Joseph Gackie is in last place second win with only three for little Joe 20 to one a Q. I am hey imagine this imagine zero closing cost zero application fee Zero credit bureau fee zero discarded points. It's the last mortgage you'll ever be needing the revolutionary only one mortgage from financial group Now with an interest rate of just 1.95% that's means you pay if you have a $200,000 loan only 738 bucks a month amazing And once you refinance or get into home mortgage from financial group you'll never ever pay closing cost again So column toll free and get all the information you be looking for at 1 800 940 land grab real financing power with low rate mortgage You can move to your next property without further cost of expense only one mortgage from financial group Call 1 800 940 land for the tales. It's a whole new great way to buy Zero underwriting fee zero dot fees zero prepimment per lee zero closing cost even when you move to another property Get financing it just 1.95% call 1 800 940 land and never ever pay closing cost again Call them today and find out a boot it call 1 800 940 LE and D for financial group their inequality lender Credit restrictions do apply rates of the change monthly 5.19 APR Better go in 6 to 10 and not in 5 a Gentile in the cranky Jew. I think we might be happy to get there I think you really got out of your mind You gotta have your way we bed stress on too tight no chance I'll go and show it to I'd rather die with the graphete as good I How have you know Got a big buggy Jew from Brooklyn I've been I have very party but you you're not fine We know this that would blow no way that if we had a fight that you'd survive Woodwanna here a genotyle and pushy type That's Grammar And I can't die! I'm going towards your eyes, I'm going towards your eyes! I'm going towards your eyes! I'm going towards your eyes, I'm going towards your eyes! I'm going towards your eyes! And so with you and me, for me, is much better than 10-not-five. It's only right that I should get more sleep at night. I think we might be happy to get there. We're one last one! Happy to get there! What can we do now? What can we do now? What can we do now? What can we do now? What can we do now? The whole world is the whole world! The whole world is the whole world! The disease that is sports-talk radio continues spreading like crazy. All the good news is the Weasemagall is going to be at the AAA Mickey Eris Center. We're in the night eight o'clock that he said. I'll Weasemagall play it baby! The bad news is we got 60 bucks for the other Miguel, so far out there at the appearance today. Till 2 o'clock we had on our in a quarter we needed 470 bucks. I would have bet little scots life on it here. We'd have raised that 470 like a phone off a log in the middle of the Kohoho-Wase River. 60 bucks we got. So now we got 39,590, which means we still need 410 bucks more. 39,590, 410 more to get to the 40 grand by the end of the day. And you know how to check our poor people here today? Did we see Todd Rack? No. Bob Eisenberg. No. Skippy. No. No. No. Nobody else anybody by their colleagues on here here would check today for a band in Pentrest and then poor little dwarves and cats. No. Help an out. Help an a cause. Nothing. 410 bucks. We got some people working on here and this place made that in about 10 minutes. We got Scott this and then there makes that in about 10 years. You know Bob Eisenberg. I did have the gold to tell me to change the copy for you, but couldn't come in here to bring it to himself because I guess he's not allowed in here because he's cheap bastard. He's a cheap prick. And so he'll call you on the intercom. It is one of the show's ugly face, which is great with me because I don't want to see him enough to make me puke. Well, that Tuce right here, whatever that is, oh god. Man. Really sad. 410 dollars is Neil continues begging again on behalf of really good charity. And we've got so many people in this building who not only don't care enough to send their very best, they won't send nothing. Dave, what's his name? And her Dave Hagen and his wife. And Curtis, some of the underlings as Joe Rose would say the hundred dogs in this place came to a nice check. The beast came through. I bet you the beans got a nice check for us there right now. Who's it from? That's what I'm saying. And Daryne. And Daryne, could you let it overwork and underpaid? I should thank you Daryne. Well, listen, she's going to put up with Motu's deliver along. How much is it? We won't be able to say on the ear. Say it on the ear. Say it on the ear. Why are you? He's the man is looking right at me. I can't put it on the total as you say. Oh, I had said it. $50 from the overwork and underpaid. That's Daryne. Thank you Daryne. And by the way, that changes nothing. Anyway, 39,640 bucks. Well, I'm not that easy for 50 bucks. I'm going to get off her ass. So this big no way. Oh, but thank you. See, that was nicer, though. See, it goes to show you. Sometimes people leave this respect. Do we have a check from screwing? No, no. Screwing. When I'm making this bitch more money than God. Okay. This radio show here's the sales manager. We got her picture over here on a wall and believe you. Me, it's tilted off of the side. And so we she too much time with Roy. And man, oh man, as she come through with a single solitary dime. No. Come on, honey. Now, now what do we need? We need 360. I feel like a boxer near now. I feel like a boxer near now. I feel like a boxer near now. I feel like a boxer near now. I can do the referral thing. He should have been noxionier. Will he be great at that? He sure would. I don't know. I don't know. I'll get on here. I always have a stab. Yeah. He really is. He says, well, guy, but there's just there's something missing there for. I like you. But I just, I don't know. What does it take? What do we need to say? What words did we need to present to you? What the, how did it need to be presented? Just calm down. Take your time didn't happen. Very sad. So like I started to say it a long time ago before I interrupted myself. Many, many times over. I thought we really had, you know, some stuff going here. You know, had a great summer book. But there are always the outside agitators. You know, always looking to stir the pot create a whole bunch of crap. Oh, we're nothing because they have no life. You know, have too much time on our hand. Always looking to great more or less to no point in the finger. Sitting right under there under where would a lot of time on our hands. 39,640 bucks, 360 away from the big magical $440,000 mark for a band of pair rescue. Which, I mean, this isn't the end. We obviously are going to go at least to the end of the year with it like we always do. And December with the Chinuka and Christmas and all the other holidays in there ought to be really big on the CDs. And even on the key chains. Oh, God. We still have some of the Jim managed key chains. We've been to some of those like hockey. And where's the Mo1? I think I think they took the Mo1s out of here. Uh. There's only about 40,000 and boxes back there. But I'm not going to make the effort. You know what they say. You know, but all the Mo how are they? They've got the best of CDs. And of course you can go online and find those nifty cups and mice, mises. 5, 6, 70, 5, 60 pound, 5, 60, all the AT&T and Verizon line. Here's a call from Carl Springs. Hey, Neil, what's up? How you doing sir? I'm doing all I just cut off the keys. I wanted to welcome you. But I'm going to miss for all because you guys are the only few people in Milwaukee. It's just sounds. So I hope it's fine to put you that has semblance of hockey. I've got Caldi there, too. You know, Caldi's got to set up the organizations. But I'd say what? From St. Louis, Kent and Alex, for a great sports station. We also had keen. And so the people here found out where we found out there long time ago about him. And lastly, I watched your boys last night on the dish. And I hope we can find some of those between ad robbers and Gary Roberts. Okay. Good luck to us baby. Go Leafsco. They started you out last night if it was bad. Wait till they play the kings and early tonight. It could be even worse. That's they think. And I'm going to tell you. They're mediocre at best, the Leafs. I don't know what those people says. Oh, we're smellin' Stanley Cup because we're the, you know, all that crap. That's only here with the dolphin fans who want to fire Dave Wants that says. They want to fire everybody because they want to win again. They, you know, they so would have owned a Marlon people with a phony or a fomony, Marlon people. Another one have their own parade and could happen this year folks. Ain't going to happen this year. No way Jose. Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, Neha. Are you doing pretty good? I got a question for you for the last. Oh, almost 18, 17, 18 years. I've been in sales. I'm on a road all the time. I listen to talk radio and stuff. I've never ever gotten a diary. Why is that? They don't like you, maybe. What's that? Maybe you're not ethnic enough. I'm pretty ethnic. Are you? I understand it, guys. I should be getting one. Yeah, but you're speaking with stupid. Maybe start picking it like this, you know, people pan. Yeah. Hey, one thing. Maybe start dressing up like Celia Cruz, my do it. I love when you play that bit. That's funny as hell. It's the best. I only turn your station on a 10 o'clock. I tried with Mo Howard and Galby and the bitter are great, but the bitter better than their live show. Oh, I have to. Absolutely. And then with Ferrell, I tried periodically different times to put him on. And I just, my ears hurt. And plus, I couldn't, I couldn't listen to him with my kids in the car. Cause you, you know, you're, you can be on the edge there. But he was just beyond. Well, over the edge. Yeah, he wasn't wasting that. He really thinks I do the same thing. He was doing his wrong. He did. Oh, no. He was too filthy. And I just could not listen to him with the kids. And even when I didn't have it, because I just could not turn him on. So hopefully Greg will get something, you know, some kind of brain fart or something. He'll get put up a good package together, but good luck to us all. Thank you. We are looking for good package. Thanks a lot, Pally. Have a good, good package. 98 votes. Who'd you like to see replace Scott for RAL from 8 to 10 on QAM? Rick, it says 98. Out of 280. You're getting another pretty good response here on this. I don't care. I won't listen anyway. 55. I'll just under 20%. If we put God on there between 8 and 10, they still won't listen. Jeff, the 4. 39. Mad Dog 31. That's that's the interesting thing to me. I guess maybe they'd like default 8 to 10, then the Mad Dog still two to four. But anyway. Joe rose 22. The big. He's got the 17. And that you have to be kidding me. That's got to be a joke. Isn't it? They're just doing that to piss me off. 17's hit the big. Moan, Gell, the 6 to 10, Emma got 10. Joe's a Gack, he's got four. And Kimbo, camper, a good guy, a super guy. Like I'm a lot. But. Yeah. I mean, he's great there on the weekends. But I mean, 8 to 10 every day with a bullfightster. I don't think so. Even bullmister. Out of 280 votes. So we only had 60 bucks. Let's get with it now. Let me tell you again. I want to give it to the location and get out there and just hand a whole bunch of money. Say, hey, Miguel, here's a bunch of money. Why are you going to do for me? He might do it. From now till 2 o'clock, the QN van is at Marine Max Boats. 700s are federal highway in Pompano Beach. courtesy of the real-ennotal pages from Bellsaut the first 15 people, which obviously we won't add three. The first 15 people, though, Nate receive a movie pass good for two to a special showing of timeline on November 25. Now that's, you know, what is that? Do we know what the unit that is? Yeah, Michael Cratton, novel. Oh, and like I said, that's a pretty heavy duty craft. And when you go and visit Miguel and give a bunch of money for our best in the stuff and help abandon per rescue, you can also sign up to catch the sneak preview of the 2000 Team Orleans World Series Championship ride. Miguel will tell you more about it. It says at the van or maybe in the van. Just hop inside and see what happened. We're supposed to be a little spicy for you. You, a, yeah. Celia Cruzina, I am dead now, but that arena, but when I was alive, I would live if I were to go to live when I was alone. And someone's too old. She's a perfect match in you who likes to flash your pants in you. When she don't have those on you, she's hanging like the strong, the unrily unrily, ankle to the ramps in snap. All right. And coasters rancid snatch. Imagine what you can catch. From an colder snap. Got to be a part of you. Scratches with a brush. And coasters rancid snatch. A swirl of pool of crap. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. And coasters rancid snatch. OK, same but it's concerned. Operation Iron Hammer. We're a drop in some more bombers over there. You know, we're continuing like very discreetly, very, selectively. And if there's any collateral damage and a few people die who weren't supposed to, to bad. Operation Iron Hammer is continuing. Hey, hammer. Here's a fact from Alex who is just out of control says I have his suggestion. Bring back Bill Zimfer to call the Dolphin Games of the Mad Dog. You're a bit of Howard David and give the 60 10 a.m. show to Goldie alone. Oh, no. See, that's what Goldie was actually saying because Norma can't advise him. But that in the Godfather. I advise Michael. Norma can't advise Gully. It said, oh, you ought to do the show alone. And everybody else said, hey, Norma, go back to your factory. OK, get lost. You're crazy person. And they were right. Gully, it's a miracle. Here's a guy that keeps, he's one of those people just like Robert Greeper. He keeps hanging on and hanging on and no matter what's going on around him, he's still hanging on. And then you go to the Macarena, the hockey game. And there's that push up there on the screen. Yeah, man. Yeah, that's real voice that piercing sound. Yeah, yeah, yeah, tonight in the NHL man. Here's the call from Miami. Hello. I think it's pretty sad. You know, he was nearly, you know, he only sports your odd list. And then he said, you know, he's funny. It was entertaining. You know, entertaining. It was a panel. You know, I had friends in some out of town. That was a cool scoy, you know, right? Right. You know, and I mean, whatever, just don't put Howard in Gully. Because that's just, I mean, it's great. So I want to tell you something. There's about as much chance of mold doing 8 to 10 is the risk of you going in the back yard right now. And finding $80 million in small bills. Well, I guess I'll have to listen to Howard's program now. And then I don't know if that. And by the way, if you're finding 80 million, don't forget about me. I want to. Okay. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot, pal. Later. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Is there any chance that molding Gully are going to be good? No, no. In fact, it's interesting because both in the very Jack Ash and the Tom Jericho columns, it's made pretty clear that it didn't go to happen. In fact, where's that one thing? And then read ruled out. Read ruled out returning Howard David and Steve Goldstein of these six to 10 years in the same time. And of course, he would love. He would he would rub his hind legs together. If you could find a way to get molded. How a lot of here Greg. I mean, that's the truth. I'm not saying that he told me that, but I just I can feel it. You know what I'm saying? You know, they got to what? Yeah, look. He would love to see you for the last time. Well, make no mistake about that. In fact, I heard him in a hallway singing. Did you hear Greg this morning singing a hallway? He was going. No, no, no. And he was saying that over and over again. No, no. I was picking seeds out of his butt. It's a tental to a QA. And we got the mad dog standin' by who donated to very generous 500 bucks to a man in Pebble Rescue as did the humpers. So there's a grand right there. See you saw the power of the election that they got. Amazing. His eyes squeezed and carried on like a child and begged and pleaded and prodded and poked. And Joe Custellum did the same thing. And he was prodding and poking. I said, don't stop. He feels pretty good. But you're on the list. You don't have any votes yet, but you're on the list. No, you got a four. You've been under only a few minutes. You've got four. In fact, you're going to pass Joe's a gacky like he's standin' still, which isn't saying much. But you're going to pass Joe's a gacky. And I'll say it again. Zagacky's a really good guy, but there's just something lacking there. I think it's called personality. Joe Mark Ford, Joe's a gacky five ago from the bottom up at Moan Gildi. You'll pass them pretty soon too. Six to ten all four hours thirteen. Kimbo Bo Campor 13. What's that all about? The big, oh! 21. That's, we need to get Congress convened real fast. And at least the legislature here in Florida haven't investigated that. Does anybody believe that there are 21 people who want the big between eight and ten? I guarantee I'll leave. I mean, I like your Orlando, your good guy, but I'll obviously. No, I won't come back. In fact, what I will do if they do that, I won't. I'm not that I'm going to quit because I need to cash. But I'll never come back to Miami. What I'll do is I'll take my passport. I'll rent a car into a bottle. Drive across the bridge there and I'll refalce. And I'll stay like a weekend. And I'll have to snap my passport and then go buy that. That's all you really have to do. You do understand that. You just have to 180 day straight. And then you just don't see me. No, no, no, no, no. That's right. Kimbo 13 to Big O21. I mean, that's, that's just, it's insulting. Mad Dog 47. Joe Rose 53. The forest 73 for a depot. Now, doesn't that surprise you? That little sniveling depot there with all them in the Inchinenigans going on. He's kind of a popular guy. Could have fooled a hell of a me. Don't care. I won't listen no matter what the hell you put on. We got 80 say in that. And Rick and Sugs 161 34.1% They're Jones and four. Baby, they wanted. Is it going to happen? No. No, team. My life and local. This is 4.25. You're way too way. You come beyond. Let's be sure. Then you go, you slow. Yeah. Walking that, you hit my door. No one more bow to the door. I can't handle my wrong way. I can't handle my wrong way. I can't handle my wrong way. I can't handle my wrong way. I can't handle my wrong way. I can't handle my wrong way. I can't handle my wrong way. I can't handle my wrong way. I can't handle my wrong way. I can't handle my wrong way. I can't handle my wrong way. I can't handle my wrong way. I can't handle my wrong way. I can't handle my wrong way. I can't handle my wrong way. I can't handle my wrong way. I can't handle my wrong way. I can't handle my wrong way. I can't handle my wrong way. I can't handle my wrong way. Call the endm the cannon in automatically. Call the virtual story. Call the endm the cannon. Call the ring in , critical area in one thought 2 of the effect of the dialogue in the endm the Cod I love. illegal reality. Confuciifies interways more. The f blend the propements. The ustadyaps, with the bombs are invisible. eyes. They're not available. They have to make them that same number. They havewy at clean lines. The operation is dangerous. that they have to make those like you know the little tiny cups of ice cream like you get like in school when you were a kid a tablespoon. We're not whatever it is. But you know what I'm talking about the little dixie cup kind of saying why can't they make the good stuff in like small containers and they're really good stuff like the briars a score. Oh, the chunks of score bars in them. Speaking of they only have only found it like a half gallons speaking of the good stuff Miguel is leaving and he has $200 and what he had before 140 was at a hundred. So it's like 60 more so it's 825 40,000, 825 not a bad day of very productive day here. Let's hear it for a thank you Miguel and thank you Neil for a great job and thank you Hank and thank you my dog and everybody. That was good. 4086 votes speaking of good. That's a hell of a one. What would he have to call from Tampa? What are they budding into this here's Tampa? Hello. Hey, Michael. Yes sir. Listen to you on the internet. All right. Watch out for those nosed pickers over their man in Loots and Temple Terrace. Hey, they're picking up. Lightning are good all the way kick the Ransia the night but Lightning are off to a great start, they've got a good team. Any chance that you're getting on the XCM? It's that light. No, I wish. I should be. In fact, we're all that I should be on our back to back just to let them all hang out. No restrictions. No censorship. Just talking crap. You know, when I'd be great. I wouldn't listen to you but I had a vote for the morning show. Okay. How about Bob Racer? Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. See you paly. Hey, last hitter. Yeah, I wonder what ever happened to him. Probably back in the corner holes. I mean cornfield and Iowa. Big old depressing blah blah last hitter. Anyway, here's the final total so far. Chris is the big up till tomorrow morning. Who would you like to see be placed for L from eight to ten more? Scott for all got canned. Yesterday afternoon here at the QAM. He'll show up somewhere else. He's already got another gig and Scott won't tell us where but he knows. 489 votes. The NDL is even have a contract so we had no non-compete. So we'll pop up someplace else. I just hope he will listen like you know. Because he won't. I know he won't. 489. Rick and Sugs are 160. Six day lobby Rick and Sugs and they be happy to send you money if they had some but they don't. 34% want Rick and Sugs 8 to 10. Don't care. I will listen no matter what. 17% 84. Jeff the forest really are shocker here. They love you, D.Fo. They're obsessed. 75. 15%. Joe rose 55. Mad dog 50. 50 for the Mad dog and then after that the big oh the big oh 22. I'm still you could not be over the feather. See in that. Kimbo camp for 13. Moland guilty six to 10 the hole for hours 13. Joe and Mark just passed Joseph Gackie like he was hanging it out on a railroad track. Joe and Mark six and Joseph Gackie only five out of 489. What a wicked web we weave. What do we practice to deceive? I have no idea why I said that. I just sounded good at the moment. So to make a long story short the first part of the deal was that the audience hates Moland. Even more than ever Moland can't stand you they find you disgusting unacceptable and obnoxious and a bad stabbing phony too. You know, guy comes on the ear and talks about talks about what a great friend he is. He's known for all these years and he's oh yeah and then he just turns around and rebels in the fact that the guy just got blown out of here. And let's all these other people pile on and call in and rip him an ass. So it's not only Joe rose. It's not only the Humper. It's not only me. It's not only the mad dog who's lips our zips because he has to work with the guy. Everybody in this building, Mo. We want to send you a message. Remember Joey Zaza. We want to send you a message. Okay, Mo. We hate you like poison, baby. Bye bye. We're right here. Show. I'm five six. Show. You wear. I'm four. Who was your friend before you came here? Me. You. Who's been your biggest promoter since you've been here. Me. Right.