As you see, K.S. A.R. A.R. They love Barry, baby. They don't want anybody to know, but they love Barry with a shun. My name is Barry. Sing like a Barry. I write Bansons about romance. While I'm wearing Spend X-Tac, I'm trying to shrimp me. My songs are wippy. I had a series of big hits. But that was back in 76 now, no one wants to hit. They only laugh and scare. They won't hit. They owe my albums for my songs. We're got a nose shape. Like a banana. By two fans both live in my town. I'll eat. Got a nose shape. Like a banana. Of my nose you can fit half of the city of Atlanta. Pretty big. I write the songs. I write the songs. I go to the neighborhood. I've got a hug. The size of y'all. Very good. When I get a stop, the nose, I be interested in a host. But now on the case, my life is back in place. And so I'm singing again and sticking. My shn eyes in your face. Got a nose shape. Like a banana. Everybody. Like two fans both live in my town. Got a nose shape. Like a banana. Oh. Of my nose you can fit half of the city of Atlanta. I write the songs. They'll be in anyway. Carlos is alive. Peter Boy and the other one. David George is on vacation. Oh, what a relief. That's how much that you're in there just that George isn't. Not that I don't like George a lot. But he's, you know, you need to rest from George every now and then. Like, you know, every couple of weeks. Anyway, 903 at 5.60 WQAM. Great weekend. Was there a great weekend or what? Well, that's what Muff said. He said to hit a wonderful weekend. Okay. And then my weekend was okay except we decided to go to the Panther game yesterday. Oh my god. Woo, woo, get me out of there. Get me out of there. When it's fiscal, what in there like thought I'm being like that, we got out real quick. And a guy that sits at front of me, I sure hope next season you're not there, man. You bug me. He's such a jerk. He's a jerk. He's just a jerk. And then he starts him with a war stuff. All I did, I didn't want to get into the conversation. And I said, you see that David Bloom died over there in Iraq, which by the way, we'll talk about that. What a good guy he was. I was very upset with all that. And I'm still upset about his embedded crap. Right. And there's one more reason to be upset about it. These guys aren't the troops. They're, they're slupping around in these kind of boys with all that heavy equipment on. And, you know, and they're out there in the desert for hours and days on end. And this is what creates that deep ban thrombosis. Not that I'm an expert except that I just had it myself two months ago. 39 years old. Magic, tragic waste of human life. And that's what's unfolding over there, but I'll get into that eventually. So what was I just saying? Well, about the hockey game. Oh, and the jerk that sits in front of me, you bug me, man. Go away. Just go away. You're little kids okay, because he shuts up, but get you go away. Now, and he gets into a whole song that a dance about Peter, I'm not what you didn't know. Even though his name didn't even know what the hell he said. And then he finally comes up with a definitive sunrise Jewish response. Well, isn't it a damn good thing that Israel didn't get involved in this? And I said, well, Israel's a big part of the reason that whole thing is going on. And boy, you would have thought that I just took a crap on his shoulder. In fact, you know, something if he does show up next year, I might just, no, I won't take a crap on his shoulder. I'll just take the hose for my bag and flip it over on his shoulder. Yeah, I'll borrow the bag from both. There you go, pal. Go away. You idiot. God, he bugs me. See, one thing I'll tell you folks, don't get into discussions about the war and public not a good idea. Right. Especially with people, you don't know where they're coming from. I didn't see what I'm saying. Don't bring this up as a topic of conversation like boys and they're ashamed that all these people are done. And as I said, they're in that macarine and the midst of a grotesque, you know, it's not a hockey game anymore. It's a circus. It's a circus. There was a big crowd of yesterday about 8 or 10,000 flyers fans. But it's not a hockey arena. It's a circus. And they had the harp music going on so that you'd look up, while a game is going on. I guess it was to try to distract you from the fact that we're getting the crap out of us by a team that held our stars on a bench. Nice going, Randy of what else is named, Red deer Randy. Randy with the moers. He tapes the pregame little thing that they put up on the screen. The Panther keys to victory containing Tony, a body and Jeremy Roanick. Well, I can say they're pretty well because they either want to complain. Yeah, they're going to mourn the lineup. Nice going there, Red deer Randy. You idiot, you silly. What a silly clown you are, Randy. God, no wonder they stuck in there with the old jugs, myster. Fect you, my jug sound great. Hang in there, jugs. Don't let Gellie steal your jug next to your okay, we're pulling for you. Spide of your hostility toward Toronto's goody. Road your ass out of town on a rail, you silly old fag goose. But anyway, yeah, the keys to victory were keeping them off the score sheet. Did either want them score? No. Did either want them play? No. They've got a race kicked. I mean bad. But anyway, so there are all these people in there. I would say I saw maybe 20 of the regular people that you were nearly with seeer and who the rest of those people where I have no idea. I have no clue. And they're making announcements while the game is going on and hey, Mochi, Pupic in the third row and 102, just want a date with Pavel Burrea. I mean, he didn't even play here anymore. Just, Paka, this garbage. It was, it was bad. I have no idea. And you read these puff pieces in the newspapers here. And you think that if we had anybody with a half a brain, they'd be saying, for this franchise is in deep crap. There's some real heavy duty garbage going on in this time. And they just write the same old Sunday morning. David J. Neel, the same old, shill man, the same old tired crap. God, is he pathetic? Oh, yeah, we really made some progress this year. Yeah, we sure did. I mean, you sure can't expect to go from 60 points last year to play off spot this year. Could you? Sure you could. Look at 10. How many points did Tampa be increased about? I don't know. I don't know the exact number, but they sure had a big increase from last year. God, third man. Yeah, something like that. 93 points. The youngsters in the organization, right. If they could win a game or two, it'll hope. Are you starting in? Sorry. You just sat down there and you're starting in already. 141 votes on the pool from, oh, the weekend. That's an off-dory. OK, no, no, no, no, no. Which celebrity music TV radio or movies do you enjoy? But you'd never admit it. Very man, low 25. Oh, why? In fact, somebody over the weekend said to me, oh, yeah, I really enjoy very man-alone. And I thought you actually said that? Well, somebody I know, you know. But they actually said it. There was nobody else listening. Second, amazingly. I mean, our shocker here. You could just knock me down with a feather. Well, we're nearly, I guess you could. George Rodriguez, 171, a very respectable second place. So George Ashley has more people out there who enjoy him, but he's not, it's not palatable. It's not acceptable to say that in public. Jorge, little hoor, oh, no. You don't really enjoy a little hooray there. A little big, big bass dude. Yeah. No, I was just kidding. Eminem 125. I can understand that. No, I actually can't understand what anybody would like him. Abba 112. Yeah, everybody does like their music, but nobody will want to admit it, because it's a little, I don't know. Discoish. Neorodges 110. I like that number. That's good. Wait, 61 votes George meet beat me out by. Because we know for a long time. I got a big closet audience out there, but George is closet people, man, far outpace me by like a three to two. Michael Jackson 76, the BG75. You see a pattern developing here? Boy, George 66 is the pattern continues. Oh, how are David in 63? I wonder what pattern that is? Maybe the pattern of those checkered pants. George Michael 58 is we get back to it. The back three boys, 50, Barber Streisand 43, B52's 36, in Stink 33. John for Holta and Yani and Leo de Craprio 31, tied Ricky Martin 27, kiss 24. You guys are kiss? Richard Gear 14, John Sukade 11, holding up the rare and the rare. Right, though, was John Tesh with eight. Was a famous penis. John Tesh, boy, he makes me just cringe about life in general. 14, everyone votes not too bad, heavy duty. As we brought a lot of people out of the closet, with people to see him, we're going to trace all of the votes. And tomorrow's sure we're going to like to give you names, addresses and phone numbers of people that voted for Barry Manlow. And George. I got an article here. I'm going to read the one that I put the big mark on, save about the Carlisle group. I think if people would just read this article, let's all they need to see. They don't need to see or hear or read anything else to tell them what all of this is all about. David Bloom a really good guy at WTVJ for our years. It seems like he was only here in town yesterday. He was here, you know, great guy. Very sad. I did just a waste of a human life. Great talent. Everybody who worked with him liked him. I, I meant him once. He actually listened to this show once upon a time when he was here. I know that, that's supposed to say that. But he just was a good guy. And a very good talent. Had a big bright future ahead of him. And he's a deep, fainter on post this man. Inactivity sitting there with all that heavy equipment on. Blood clock goes to the lung. That's it. Do you realize how many hundreds of thousands of people get that? And I think it's 200,000 year in this country die from that every year. Die, not pulmonary embolism. It blocks off the lungs and the oxygen to your brain, stop, so do your heart or whatever. And that's it. And it's fatal in most cases. No. No. No. But it can be. That's the point. Especially the little bit of integrity. You know something, I'm going to take a couple extra of platyx right now. In fact, I'm just swallowing a whole bottle right now just to be on the safe. No, seriously, it's nasty stuff. But you know the Lord works in mysterious ways. So I started to say, I was, oh, we got a ball game today. Oh, no, the Marlins and the Braves at 1230. Got her. We upset about that. No. No, we're not. What's Monday? Plus look at these phones, man. They're smoking. Aren't they smoking? Woo. But I was thinking I'm at the hockey game yesterday. And I see all these, they're a lot of kids there, which is good. Get the kids up for, you know, hockey. But I see these parents with their little kids. And I was wondering myself, you think any of these parents would be willing to sacrifice their children for somebody that would invade us and say, hey, we're here to liberate you. And by the base, they're going to go their heads getting blown off right in front of your face. I wonder what their reaction would be. I know it's a horrible thing. But if that thought did enter my mind. Because their children are no different from those little Iraqi children. And I'm not trying to sound like hearts and flowers. But there's no difference. Accident of birth is all that separates us from them. It's called the wrong place at the wrong time. Problems that it's after you're on nine at five, 60 WQA. We got that big championship basketball game tonight. Go Q-Spevy. I'll go with Gueldi on that even though I can't stand you may hype. But if you want to lay down some bets on a basketball game on the hockey of playoffs coming up on baseball started now, here's the video. You better know who you're dealing with. VIP Sportsbook.com is the best sports book going anywhere. You can have complete trustees. Folks, they're illegal in licensed sports book. One of the original online books and still the best in the universe. You like Harry Parliad? Yes. How to Parliad's up to 2001, Sonia. How about free same day payouts? How about a 15% cash bonus end of your first deposit? All sounds good. It's all good. But most of all for the past seven years VIP Sportsbook.com center reputation as the Sportsbook with the best customer service. Sportsbook review.com's rated the number one customer service two years running. Might be your turn to go on a world of a lifetime. But if that's the case, you better make sure you're with the right people. The right Sportsbook so sign up online at VIP Sportsbook.com and get yourself a 15% cash bonus ending your first deposit. Nothing like starting out a winner. If you're not online, call them tool free at 1-866 VIP Betts. That's 1-866 VIP Betts. Don't forget the 15% sign up bonuses only available when you got online. So do it. Sign up online and get you that 15% cash bonus today. At VIP Sportsbook.com where you be the VIP. 5-9-9-9, this is 5-16. 3-8-9, this is your turn. You win! Oh. Want a lot of life-hop little boy? No. What are you doing? When I hear some more Jews, will you back off and give me your land? Oi! I lend me a towel, and I'll sing you a song, and I'll steal from you all that I can. Oh, I can juice within the hell from my friend. I can't stop my bandos with a little help from my friends I can't lose little help from my friends I can't stop my friends One do I do when I approach you same way Oh you love this hell of flesh and bone Oh yes I do, I hope many die by the end of the day As long as that death is not your own I can't lose little help from my friends I can't lose little help from my friends Oh I can't lose little help from my friends To you need anybody I need somebody who can't be anybody And to woman or give this to you Would you take land and then give up if I Oh he has like tell me, I'm described all the time Jesus Christ Could you have these with these really minds I want love to the land is all mine Oh I can't lose little help from my friends He'll some people, my bandos with a little help from my friends Oh I can't lose little help from my friends I can't lose little help from my friends I can't lose little help from my friends Oh free me Allah and can't lose I'm 17 at 5.60 WQM happy Monday too Okay, let's put a smile on everybody's post what do you say I'm trying to quit the insolent press in Mormon Is a matter of fact let's take the first call on our week here Carlos WQIM Interested when the course of all There he is Right off the bat And guess what he didn't get on this time and he'll never get on again Everyone is show Mr. Antime Mr. Chronic Mr. Ass Come on we can do better than that for first call on Monday morning 560 5050 5060 on the 18 Yeah, but you didn't give us the new pore Yeah, they will ask the idea I'm holding back in addition to which it's not that kind of a pore anyway It's not that kind of a pore that you're going to give you like spoon feed you to respond to I I will for friendship after I vote for a Dean Martin. No, it's not that kind of a pool WQIM Oh, yes This sounds like the guy who sits in front of me at the hockey game Now just some other asshole WQIM Hello Yes, sir. Oh, you'll. Hey. Good morning. How you doing? Hey, good. I want to report you that bars and all have that book up on the shelf again for everyone to buy Do they really? Yes, they do. I went there over the weekend and there was the book right there's like You know in the middle section when you walk into the door. I guess we got there asked right now I guess she did I didn't want to say anything to my couldn't funny. Everybody entails looking actually taught to They worked there, but the book was definitely available again and I went ahead and picked it up and I'm going to start reading it Stupid white men by Michael Moore looks very funny man. I like the last book that read from your side there and it was excellent You're like you love this one. I like your little pissed off, but that's okay I love being pissed off. Very interesting. I stopped gets me fired up. I tried my question for you. The little eyes are a bit of I know what to make him. Is that on your website available? I know. I think you have to go to Orlando to get it. You what? I said have a great day. Oh, love you. Is that and then we see we're going to put all the Mickey Mouse bits on and now that's an everything though. That's not your job right? Not as far as I know. Not not I can't put it on the same thing. By the way, Carlos can't talk to you today. Okay, this week at all because the Georgia isn't here. Carlos is very very busy. That's a good excuse. Well, we already have all the bedtime stories up there. We're doing a hell of a job if you ask me. We without Jordan. Now just a joke, George. He can't hear us anyways in North Carolina. So let's rip him an ass. I always like rip in Georgia and ask when he's not. I don't I rip him an ass when he is here, but I especially like him when he's not here because then he doesn't interrupt because he interrupts too God much, especially lately that woman had called on Friday. She had a good point. He's a know what all now. All of a sudden his head is his biggest China. Like to throw some China at that head. Anyway, I wanted let's see. What was wrong with these people? WQAM. WQAM. Hey, I got a full question for Neil. Okay. Hey, which arena should the hockey play in to the planet of American Airlines? The arena is to the play in for loader. Well, why would you want to know what, what do you mean by that? Well, it's the same. Who, where they preferred to play? The people? Ha ha ha ha. How about we get a team for a sounds good to me? Don't worry about where we're going to play. Let's get a team. It's like somebody saying hey, should I play with it? When you got to get one first before you worry about that. You know, where is the team should, oh, brother? For you who that pole man, we're out of business. That's our going out of business pole marked that down Where should the hockey team play like I said? Let's get one first You're not full in this kid. I'll tell you that. I'm not Mr. Negative. I'm just being honest with it Flyers didn't even look like they were interested. I mean, just one of those deals here's the last game of the season They can't move up in the standies can't move down Just don't get anybody injured. That's it. Let's get out here. They had no interest and then all of a sudden to start as soon as they scroll to first school It's like hey guess what now? Let's put pump up a few more in there Just tragic It's the same old crap in the newspapers here. It's never gonna change. It's not gonna change. Don't get all the press knee. Okay, won't God anyway This is from the Portugal weekend newspaper the Portugal news. I want you to listen very carefully Of course we got a big segment out there. We're paying attention to what anyway. That's okay. I'm gonna read it anyhow I'm just reading it over and over again U.S. Arms group heads for Lisbon Directors of one of the world's largest armament companies are planning on meeting in Lisbon in three weeks time The American based Carlisle group has heavily involved in supplying armament to the coalition forces fighting in the Iraqi war It also holds a majority of shares in these seven up company in the federal data corporation Supplier of air traffic control surveillance systems to the U.S. federal aviation authority The 12-bit-end dollar company is recently signed contracts with the United Defense Industries to equip the Turkish and Saudi Arabian armies With aviation defense systems Compatement meetings agenda is expected to be the companies involved in the rebuilding of Baghdad's infrastructure after the cessation of courthouse stilllies Along with several other U.S. companies the Carlisle group has expected to be awarded a billion dollar contract by the U.S. government to help an immediate development of airfields and urban areas destroyed by coalition aerial bombardments The group has managed by a team of former U.S. government personnel including its president Frank Carlucci Formidia a deputy director of the CIA before becoming defense secretary his deputy is James Baker the tooth who was secretary Is dead under George Bush senior member James Baker was down here. Let us in play who is a heading up the recounting when a story election Several high-profile former politicians are employed to represent the company overseas among them former British Prime Minister John Major Along with George Bush senior one-time director of the CIA before becoming U.S. president The financial assets of the Saudi bin Laden corporation SBC are also managed by the Carlisle group The Saudi bin Laden corporation the SBC is headed up by members of the Osama bin Laden family who played a principal role in helping George W. Bush When petroleum concessions from Bahrain when he was head of the Texan oil company Harkin energy corpidilla was to make the bush family millions of dollars Salem Osama's Some of Bin Laden's brother was represented on Harkin's board and directors by American agent James our bath I think that paragraph is worth reading again The financial assets of the Saudi bin Laden corporation SBC are also managed by the Carlisle group The SBC is headed up by members of Osama bin Laden's family who played a principal role in helping George W. Bush When petroleum concessions from Bahrain when he was head of the Texan oil company Harkin energy corp A deal that was to make the bush family millions of dollars Salem Osama bin Laden's brother was represented on Harkin's board and directors by his American agent James our bath The connection between the Bush and bin Laden families can also be traced to the collapse of the bank of credit and Commerce International BB's BCCI in the 1990s Members of the Anglo-Pakestani bank's board of directors included Richard Helms and William Casey Business partners of George Bush senior and former CIA director agents During their time at BCCI both Helms and Casey worked alongside fellow director Eddon Kashoggi who also represented the bin Laden's families interest in the US The Portugal news has been told by a reliable source that the Carlisle group meeting in Los bin will discuss a relationship between the Saudi bin Laden corporation SBC and Osama bin Laden Many US officials claim that the SBC continues to finance his beloved activities and is done so for many years If through this would place George Bush senior and his colleagues at the Carlisle group in an embarrassing position as Managers of SBC's financial investments they might well be accused of indirectly eating and abetting the United States Number one enemy this was in the Portugal news this past weekend I just I just mentioned it and passing you understand, okay? Not for any particular reason not because I think there might be some people out there with an IQ larger than the thumb Who might want to know what's really going on in the world, but it's really all about as opposed to this USA you all this other bull crap Rivery said tragic is what it is what's that got there besides food, huh? Quit eating quit eating stop eating okay right now you fat tobacco actually looks like he lost an answer to name was taken a good dump Huh, no you look a little bit better not great. You still got a long way to go keep it up Are you gonna wind up like me would like all kinds of stuff for our blood clots? It's right Tony right now you'd be plight nothing worse than plots from a blood clots So just cut out the eating get out of here already 26 past now we got the marlins and the braves with some nice pitching and that series 1230 this afternoon they're playing big ball No small ball they're playing big balls is what they're doing We'll get to your calls when we're good and ready. Okay. Here's the poll today Which of these describes you? Liberal against the war Liberal and support the war liberal undecided Independent against the war independent and support of the war independent undecided Conservative against the war conservative and support of the war conservative on decided or I don't give a Schmidt about any of it Huh, there's something there for everybody Right absolutely So I realized that you know, it's a lot of want to have to keep breathing that over but I will kill some good time Oh, don't let me forget about John Eastman You know he would used to be down here Johnny Smith. I think he was on she he was somewhere years ago Johnny Smith won a law What a lawsuit. Hey John always liked you, baby One of three point two million dollars. It's a cigarette manufacturers always liked that Johnny's been in fact He was my favorite. I think he was the best broadcaster of all time just one minute. It'll do John. I don't want to be greedy I don't want to split it with it half a minute. Come on 27 past nine at five sixty wd to Q a M. How many times you heard about an opportunity and you didn't act you didn't grab it You missed out well right now is one of those times Rarely doesn't opportunity interrupt you but this one ought to ever drop everything you doing because interest rates have gone even lower The financial group was offering interest rate a 3.45 percent then lower to 2.95 percent now rates have gone even lower 2.45 percent financing with financial group you heard right 2.45 percent Coff financial group tool free at 1-800-940 lend How long will these interest rates last like this probably not very long so it's a window of opportunity Hoped you it with financial group and get you an incredible low rate of just 2.45 percent yourself thousands. Coff financial group tool free 1-800-940 lend What will 2.45 percent financing due to those monthly payments? A 200 thousand dollar long cost you only 786 bucks a month a 100 thousand dollar only pay only 390 fee bucks a month so do it now. Coff financial group at 1-800-940 lend 1-800-940 lend the equal housing lender Credit restrictions apply rates have been changed without notice 5.34 APR We're supposed to be in 5C4 You a year A soul popper like nothing you've seen before Excuse me a steam father what is it my child? I have something I must tell you What is it my daughter? Oh father I'm afraid to tell you afraid to tell me your own father I fear I will be ashamed upon our family nonsense I am your father I love you very much you must tell me what is wrong You promise you was to love me of course my sweet child A father's love is not erased by a simple misneed very well I am I am pregnant Oh I see Do you still love me father of course I do but since you're pregnant and not married yes father I'm afraid I must drag you down to the town square and with the help of my friends and neighbors For stone you today My daughter if he's written that this is the punishment for what you have done Could you check again You can actually only be grounded Not what I must have used stone It's the first step on the focuses on a fundamentalist Middle Eastern sample May I speak with you my esteemed husband Oh I have something to tell you What the conditioning I am having an affair Right Out to the backyard Yes, I must drag you to the town square Where are you of course be stoned today? You'll be mesmerized A lot of lives of the mach med family They deal with the many problems that plague them Oh my I speak with you my esteemed father Wait so Last night I used you legal drugs Well, what do you know you are one lucky boy Oh, why is that father? You are going to get stoned two nights in a row You are a guide in she The guiding she I just shot on location in Baghdad A lot of people get shot on location Baghdad 933 at 560 WCM here's a fact from Gregory and Carl Spranks is my condolences to WTVJ those who knew a Demired David Bloom I met him several times at the train shows that I'm a convention center He was a nice man heads above most TV talking hits and intelligence and you are correct sir He died just before news that we have uncovered nerven blister agents in a hidden Iraqi bunker this morning And that we're killing Saudi mercenaries in Iraq He would have covered this part of the story brilliantly says Gregory and Carl Spranks However the big cache of weapons they found at humongous those bunkers and bunkers and bunkers of weapons And we heard about that breathlessly for a moment over the weekend and then they stopped talking about it because they found out That those weapons came from Russia and Germany and France and Jordan and the US And so we never heard any more about that Not that we should have known that already, but let's be side to point see there you go again you just can't stop can you now Oh, the poll is up and can the smattering of oats and here it'll go go go sing up big time. I'm sure Which of these describes you we asked on the arangers dot com 19 votes Liberal against the war nine independent against the war five conservative in support of the war two Independent support of the war two in the liberal undecided one so let's see 14 for one against Ron Brownstein writes for the LA times. I was very disturbed when I saw this this poll I mean I realized that when there's a war on it always happens That everybody jumps behind the you know they all go step into line behind the leader And a lot of people confuse the support of the troops with support of the president or whoever's running the country Which is very unfortunate, but you have a lot of dumb people out there A lot of really really one of them people looking this building man just look around you. Oh, God Stupid is our middle name here at 2 AM hey what times the game I what what's the game? I just drop bombs on a homestead What times the game on all I mean stupid stupid and Anyway, I don't want to get in that I want to get bogged down with that. I'm a pretty good movie We got the ball game coming up which I forgot about at 12 30 George isn't here That's what we don't like George we just need a break from him every once in a while like every few days St. Petersburg a former talk radio show a short radio talk show host with emphasis. See, my oh, that's the worst kind You know it has been awarded a $3.3 million in lawsuit against two cigarette manufacturers He blames his four pack a day habit on But there's Miguel is putting together his package now by the way, so Carlos asked me this morning when we're gonna do that thing with the hot couples again I said as soon as Miguel gets off his lazy as and puts together the first a package We want a package man And not yours that's old tired and you want a like a new package something exciting Something we can give away like a date with Doreen that oughta get a big response. Hey, we like Doreen now. Okay since he turned out don't they give me a look like that Don't they do you see the lucky gave me? I mentioned Doreen look like as I like Carl Carlos just farted Real real bad and egg fart or something. Oh, he did. Yeah, right likely story trying to cover his tracks We like to reen of since he's the anti-amo anybody who hates mole like poison as a friend of ours We got a lot of friends now. Oh, I'm a whole building whole building license even people used to hate us Anyway A jury ruled Thursday that John Eastman somebody better call and tell me what station he used to be on here. He was down here somewhere Was 50% responsible for his 54 years a smoking habit But if I'm the two tobacco companies fill up more USA and Brown and Williamson tobacco corporate responsible for the rest of the company say they'll appeal some other words. It was 50 I don't think it'll be 50 50. I thought it'd be 50 I'm very grateful for the jury's decision said Eastman 74 sitting in an electric scooter that carries around him and his oxygen tank Oh my god if there's anything just in society. I'll live to see them pay he said Fill up Morris was ordered about the two point six million to pay and Brown and Williamson about 650,000 The return he said Eastman who worked as a radio talk show host in Tampa Bay is entirely to blame for his health problems He has empathy. He's a talk show host to Talk like that can't make too good of a living The evidence presented this dream had declared the mystery Smith chose to smoke cigarettes almost 50 years with full knowledge of the dangers Associated with smoke and said Jeff Rayborne and attorney for Brown and Williamson much of course they have it to be right As much as they're killing people they happen to be right there is nobody don't know that cigarettes Kirill. Yeah, it's just addictive habit like eating too much like I'll let sugar Fat boy was entered this morning by the way. We can't get rid of his ugly ass. He just won't go away Fat boy hi, I found it was in here again bugging me pop pop pop pop Hi, I found it out. I hear you come a crap you food pushing idiot and the good news is he's off his walker He's back on the cane not exciting In 2008 County, Julia were awarded a record 145 billion dollar verdict to when it's to meet 300,000 to 700,000 Sixth Lord of Smokers in the class action lawsuit that verdict is being appeal. It's a stupid It's so absolutely stupid and the same people who support these lawsuits against the tobacco companies They're the same ones to say oh well those lawsuits against McDonald and McDonald's are bogus well they're both bogus They're both bogus everybody knows eating all that crap that fat laden crap is gonna kill you eventually and give you an oil clog in your arteries And you're gonna wind up an early death. There's nobody doesn't know that but they like it and it's cheap But it's convenient it's quick So you can have a cheap convenient quick death That's the way it works now the cigarettes. It's not a cheap convenient quick death. It's a long oh man Long agonizing horrible way to die with that infos seeming at the lung cancer. Oh That's what they look for too For me. Oh that's right. I forgot about you in your faggots Better be where a fag gets of all kinds because sooner or later They're gonna get you Carlos They're gonna get you that's what most said when I came in this voice that watch out for those faggots. They'll get you I said you mow 567 were doing a little squamous this week because George is near a Carlos doesn't want to be overworked He's working really hard on the bedtime stories even though they're all up there already What do we do a good job this weekend or what there's some great stuff on there over the weekend Including the storages to read about the Carlisle group. I see a phenomenal response about that Little bit like that don't see the one thing about the people who are supporting all of this crap No matter what you said to them it would make any difference like like Schmidt head over there. We'll make a bit of difference We're kicking the rest baby Yeah, we're gonna get that shot the head and then what and the best part of the deal is the new now We have the new riff between Cole and Paul again. He's he get rid of him. He's just not hawkish enough You know and the rum stalled on that crowd wolf-o-wispurl Because he wants to get the you went in there basically to run things until I get through one government. Nah not so fast colon Now we got our own group of 23 clowns including what's the a general jay garnered at right wing lunatic from Orlando Who's good buddies with aerial serones right wingers in Israel and Formacy I directed James Wulsey who last week made a real ass out himself talking about win more the war for Who's also another good friend of Israel on the right wing over there. They fanatical right wing aerial serone Benjamin and Yahoo BB net in the hallies of that crowd The fanatical lunatics the herbs are really gonna like that aren't they? Yeah friends of Israel running Iraq. Oh Don't sound too promising to me And let me say it again think about your little kids you people that were the hockey game yesterday with your little kids Right-faced smiles on their posts Think about Sitting in some location somewhere in a vehicle and watching is your kids had their heads blown off by somebody who came in and said to where they're to liberate you You know something you're an idiot Miguel okay you look good, but you're an idiot you're a hopeless You're not the one those typical knee jerk reactionary Cubans you never got a change You're always gonna be the same there is no hope for you. You're you know just go get laid. Okay, what you do a lot but just the end of good do what you do best People that look good don't need to have a mind That's what I've always said very good. That's good thinking I agree with that and in his case He's a perfect example The one the moon go get us a package working okay Miguel go work on your package Idiot 20 till 10 at 560 WQM I'll tell you who's really a you know feel sorry for how about the dogs ever rack you think anybody's taking care of the dogs Doubt it well that's a terrible there was one story about a dog that they saved and I guess they figured it was kind of embarrassing Since they're all these human people at the market and say so But some of the dogs that I've known including the two that I had are better than many of the people that I met in my life I put a lot of men is building. I don't want to mention more and no names Barca Avenue pet resort is the only all natural pet resort in the country It's like giving your pet a day at the spa your dog will socialize all day with pals He can look over say hi a pali and soft-mated play areas know is under the supervision of dog loving counselors Barca Avenue is a full service five star resort offering boarding and large-tailed sweets They care expert grooming and all breeds as well when you see the place online like I have you're gonna be really impressed with the cleanliness and the lack of smell You'll never smell a thing online It's a hundred it's a 10,000 square foot luxury facility in fact in my dogs were still around They be spending a lot of time there especially tiny so I could actually sleep during the night See for yourself at bark avenues all about go online and take a look for yourself at bark app at resort dot com that's A.V.E Bark app at resort dot com and take a virtual tour and of course when your pets are bored of there You can do the same thing and check on them right online or if you want you can take a real tour at bark avenue any Monday to Saturday There are 1400 South Federal Highway and Hollywood just one light north of Pembroke road Don't just interest your love pets to anybody any schlepper that comes down to road Be sure you take over to bark avenue because they'll take fantastic unparalleled care of your pets bark avenue column at nine five four nine two five bark nine five four nine two five bark for boarding grooming and daycare for bark avenue pet resort This was where you five six Not all mustards were created by packs of America that's why you should try a brand new We're not all the hate a do you have grateful bond That rules outhines Their German and Google in as well they're We were right Good about it Take your cabin mustard and flip it up your ass So in view of the seating hatred you embrace Franchis will now be called Freedom mustard Yes, Mr President I love it. Want to find a comash together Freedom mustard for the great taste of hate 946 and 560 we hate those French though wait He always hated the French here's a great cartoon and we're gonna put this on a website already other So check out neorangers.com on our archives on on a cartoon page you're on the irregular It's on the front page. It's on a front page. Well It's got two wild birds like fighting at each other just like a wild a ban bingo whole deal Pow like from Batman war plan A one of Miss holding up the other one's holding up war plan B and here's a dove holding a little thing Says Hawks fighting Hawks you got a love it Not cute Don't be a two-dove is you certainly don't give any by the peace sign name I piece right on you don't do that And don't discuss it to hockey game your feelings about the war Especially if you're not a big big supporter of the right wing lunatics in Israel Don't be open enough a mouth about that because somebody like like a real jackass like natural Don't come back next year okay pali just go away I'll tell you what I think I'll just go away let him sit there and stew in his juices Never stew Barnes. I'm sorry we love the pan. There's come on. Let's hear from the next game They're not gonna lose another home game this season. Let's hear it 8 wins in 41 tries We got a hockey team in the people in the paper writing O.G. Well, it was an improvement over last yeah Oh my god, how can this town continue just you it's hopeless. I mean it's it's like they're Like they're they've just made up their mind and nothing is ever gonna penetrate them Nobody is ever gonna change them it's always the same and that fat Mike Mayo from the Sun Sentinel He writes I mean my not Mike my was our Mike Michael Russo He writes the same crap and in the yesterday's paper that he put in this board section today it was so good they put it in twice in a row Or he's evaluating this one and evaluating that one and even Elka Seltzer he's got to go Oh my god, how about you go Mike Mike Russo just give it a micro so in David J. Neil and bring in a couple of real writers to write some real stuff about what's going on here The scandal the organization but anyway Don't get started with that hockey talk even though we got to Stanley couple y'all starting this week Leason of flyers that could be ugly could be real ugly Which of these describes you? We asked today on the arraggies.com. We're gonna keep a close eye on this one today 104 votes. You know I'm even by that Carlos a close eye on a pull You know I mean yeah Well, I'm just because I'm just noticing something I hear liberal against the war 35 Conservative in support of the war 23 Independent against the war 22 independent support of the war eight Liberal in support of the war five. I don't give a shmit about any of it for Conservative against the war for a four and liberal on the side of three no I'm decided independence or conservatives 100 for I realize it's very convoluted so I won't read these more than like 50 or 100 times today Huh? No, seriously, I don't think I read it more than maybe But third man this hour Because it takes an awful lot of time and it's very confusing. I mean cheese so many categories. Now that's the idea It's a Monday. We know you're not gonna call a look at the phone. We had this tremendous Huh? They're smoke it. No, they're not well like to is and they're smoking that's why they're not calling Is smoking Q. I am hello Yes, sir. I'm trying to nervous but never the way I'm why you nervous I wanted to try for the tickets That was our call for this hour how many more we're gonna take about 30 man WQA and ticket central Good morning, sir Be to me sir. Yes, hey, good morning. How I'm at the club and just so learning around crazy Did you see that dumb You haven't seen it the boys they got for rest with a lot of the roads With a sight of with both of those two jerks. No, no, I ran they got about four left the West Palm Beach. Oh, so sorry It is it's terrible out there He's got the rest of them all and who's staying on one side or the other one on the other side Oh You know what that flight driving on 95 and seeing that? Especially when you get to be over 100 Good luck, you pal. Thank you. I'll keep the blinders on man Keep that you got that radio cranked up again to hear sound of his voice. He's a good guy. I just want's here his own voice If I want to hear my own voice, I just talked to myself, which I do here every day four hours 567.0560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line actually I had kind of like a a sharp pain in my right leg Does that mean just like a little like a spot you know what I mean not like the whole leg like a bruise And then of course no, no, no, not like sharp like a dot like a you know I'm thinking of myself Well, I must be a blood plug because now this thing happened in poor David Bloom and I already had the pulmonary embolicom about six weeks ago What everything I was eat well whatever was and I'm gonna start to get a little bit you know, but I'm taking my platyx So I should be okay, right? No, no cure and tears man when it's your time I don't know if it's psychosomatic or if psychosomatic Psycho it hurt but now it's gone sing I like rubbed it a lot now it's gone to pain is gone and my ankle too I'm not the ankles like like right over here 567.0560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon line and Miguel man He is so for a guy that came in on a banana boat in to Chicago somehow got lost He is so typical human American he is perfect. He is the postage child in fact If all the Cuban Americans look like him we get along a lot better Carlos WQAM Very weak week man. I give it about a two and a half More like a practice Practice makes perfect No 567.0560 doing screamus on a Monday and it and we only got limited time go 12 30 To Lea Marlins in the braves only a short just a few minutes after noon WQAM QAM Yes sir. Hey Neil how you doing? How long did you like not red hot and swollen you don't have a DBT? You really it's not red hot or swollen you sure did you have one? I know I'm a physical therapist. Oh thank god for that Now this is just like a little pinpoint you know it's going to be gone now It's usually in your calf area if you point here it pulls up so you can flex your calf and you squeeze it and if it doesn't hurt Then you don't have a problem. I'm squeezing it and it's not hurting okay so you're not gonna have to okay Thanks a lot mate. Okay. See there you go. We got this is what I like instead Diagnosis sure as hell be smoked at most of the doctors down here. Oh don't get me started with doctors down here again I could do like months and months and years and lists Trying to find a doctor down here's like trying to find a guy named hockey player at the macaroon That plays a different home team hopeless I've got a couple not too many you notice yesterday anybody that was at the game three or four different times because definitely defense was they were sleeping in here And they leave guy like Kai's laughing was the other one end of his area is all alone in front of the net all alone Oh, what do I do with this? What do I do with it? You know And they just about did because they sure has helped never got a shot anywhere near the net Just tragic Victor a Victor. I said we got some great figure skating shows coming up you big dynamite Put those two Canadians to shame you know, but that was their name remember the Canadians You know Olympics all have big sauna dance and all these macho men calling in oh I think they really got job by that Russian judge the French oh can you imagine if it was happening now with a French judge Oh, I don't think you'd see her no more That French freaking judge I can't even remember what their other names were not that I care except he was kind of cute But who cares? Yeah, exactly and all these guys and you want it or why cuz it was on television because people were told that they were supposed to be excited about this This is a major happening man a major happening Figure skating it's the Olympics baby. Does anybody really hear of course not it's a pansy pursuit okay Real nutty even make believe men like me. We don't give a crap about figure skating you've got to be a screamer I'm not even freaking Carlos off front the front desk. You know care about figure skating really Poodle yeah, Poodle off the front desk That's another one. I'm so glad I'm in fat boys in here. Wow, you're back to Toronto They got that sorry scare a person you know something I'm going back to so I don't have to see you fat boy That's right just so I don't have to see him and my nagging mother is there anything worse than a nagging nagging nagging mother no Oh, I am telling you I couldn't I can't even begin to put it into words Why are you doing this why are you doing that? I'm about the same old tired crap There go Miguel's got a package take a look at that WCOM Good morning. Yes, sir. When is this it's Jamie Salay and David tell P.A. Does that funny how miserable my life is but you know you don't really like figure skating Hey, you know, do you sir? You don't really like figure skating. No, I hate it. Oh, I do you hear something 20 or 30 times right? That's right 20 or 30 thousand times Yeah, no kidding. Oh, that pains back in my luggage and say oh I hate you know Oh, by the way, the mean is tell you the correct words if we use the word embedded Yeah, it's not being used properly the correct would be something like this Sally fits when the emergency room because she had a flashlight Rectom yeah, there you go. Okay. I think you got use that on it Have a nice day sir and back to you and they were talking about David Blum and his excellent coverage during a hurricane here Hurricane Andrew which they're correct about that and also made me think about some of the most memorable coverage Was Sally fits being on here there on channel 7 not knowing that people were listening Yeah, not knowing that her mic was on that was while she got a little bit testy she about out there for a long time She had a little bit of a short temper You know, haven't at least seemed to be one of her favorite pastimes anyway So she just blurted it out when it dot blurted out Sally they hate you like poison by the way Good things she went away Let's see which of these describes you mindless Cuban American that's what McGill voted for I'm sorry Liberal against the war 49 independent against the war 36. That's already 85 Whoops changing again. Sorry Liberal against the war 53 you see how long this is gonna take Carlos independent against the war 39 That's 92 out of 161 conservative in support of the war 30 independent support of the war 12 I don't give a Schmidt about any of it eight liberal and support of the war seven liberal on decided five conservative against the war five Independent on decided to know and decided conservative. So let's see for the war In support 42 49 49 against the war 92 97 got it what I just say 97 to 49 yeah and undecided to seven That's it seven and I don't give a Schmidt eight Pretty exciting pool if he asked me I like my pool Now certainly got a bit I do damn good pool I heard Words out 560 pound five 60 on the AT&T house Josh our new a computer guy by the way What we do a lot of computer stuff on issue I think it's about time we got I mean you've done a fine job to this point Carlos, but you know enough is enough already We're getting a little dirty Maybe Josh would like to work on a show and you can go back in that little room and close yourself in where nobody can see it 957 at five 60 WC away. I'm another year is coming gone. It's that's already April this copy is Staler than last year's motto, you know, who the house count is this now? I don't need the copy because it's just sad though That we got sales people back there getting paid just to draw commission on a council to not servicing or doing anything on it It's it tears my guts out To think that we got assholes back there. I think this is Troy Stratford's deals matter fact and Troy your nearly just rubmon is ball spot And he owns hops to it, but not in this case anyway if your carpets look and smell like hell The make-along story short you know the deal dry concepts of the only people you want to talk to have an using my home For about 21 years now and a lot of other smart people out there who finally caught on better late than never These are the only folks like I said you want to call because they do a spectacular unbeatable job They dry clean your carpets. They're the only people in the world that use this method They have an exclusive patented method and they suck out the deep down dirt way down into five is your carpeting Make them look and smell let me fresh just like brand new and they also make your carpets last longer as well And stay clean along or two because they we need to get all the schmutz out and they give you a guaranteed written price I've front before they start doing works soon after about ripoffs when you call dry concepts and they also do as to pennies job A cleaning all your other good stuff to your posterior leather furniture your drapery your expensive area and oriental rugs If you have problem with pet orders and milled the voters caused by water damage No sweat. They'll wait their magic one to do their fantastic job on those two dry concepts are the best in universe column tool free 1-800-248-5071 1-800-248-5071 Their website at dryconcepts.com don't forget when you use dry concepts you clean today and entertain tonight Do you have a heart or a liver? No No We need again If we don't wind up down From the first quarter they left us all this way Jesus Christ We both end you Blind circle It was our doom As the bombs drop from the stars gone far away Maybe we should have taken attention a little bit more to the bats We chose to ignore The price of care for stick long but I'm afraid that the lawn won't be there anymore We'll be again with a hole that by the Civil rights will be restored on sunny day 1-800-248-5071 Jesus Christ The boom with Yama ki 10-3-5-60 you write the freepers they're old and they're still That's what Carlos just said during the break they're old and they're still You can smell their to jam a thousand miles away Here's the facts that says why the hell is Jim Manis doing his QM talk sure for the masters this week That's an excellent question. Oh right. Maybe he's gonna get some action up there. I don't know and they have five choices This is their own pool. I like this wherever fact this to me did their own pool He's a male showman is pig now that wasn't their choice to piss off how we're David good one but not their choice to attend a KKK rally Excellent but not the choice Dolphin's thinking of moving to Augusta certainly a possibility but not the choice and the last and certainly not least because this is a money check wants to smell Tiger was balls There we go Huh? Let's be maybe want to play small ball in August. I have no idea So there you go the mad dog is gonna be doing a shaw he won't be on today because we got that baseball game the marlins and the braves again Probably the final score would be like 26 to 19 for somebody What else going out with my uh, thanks machine Oh Hey Just the old paper jam puts him on a slice of bread and heated up. Here's a facts from Jordan North Carolina says Maybe all of these Aaron bombs that are killing women and children are not air in at all Maybe it's the Pentagon's plan for making sure that another Osama won't pop up in Iraq If you kill them they can't become terrorists I'm really glad they saved that girl but enough about it already. Oh Jordan you are so correct saving private What does her name again? Jessica So the front page of newsweek this week saving private Jessica I mean we're lucky like he said he worked glad that she's okay or at least still in fairly much in one piece What about the nine in her company that didn't come back at all any pieces or maybe in a body bag Do you know this we haven't had any names of those people? No, because that brings up bad feelings. See this isn't just the case of the glass being half four half Enter you're my being negative to everybody. It's a case of like one out of ten which ain't a very good batting average And we're supposed to be just please this punch That they were able to save Jessica as opposed to being concerned that those nine others are dead And of course we had one and we wanted to go into it the market though was ecstatic Oh, yeah, and you know something a lot of you more on South they're gonna get sucked in all this phony baloney unemployment record highs on Friday Bad bad profit earning just horrendous economic news But don't confuse the masses out there because the war is going great Rawls trullin around Baghdad. We're inside that palace when the airport there We're uh Sodom head is golden the plumbing fixtures about he knew Johnny Jones But the golden plumbing fixtures that's before your time So we're all excited to dial us up 204 and a half points and as next up 42 Everything's looking up roses Yeah, chemical Ali might be dead all depending on which network you believe MSNBC said the British you're and of course we got on our website To the British claim that they killed him CBN and CNN and two sure They said they were conflicting reports and fox of course we know watch because no matter what they said we wouldn't believe it anyway Jordan says I've been listening you for about 30 years walking graduation Jordan and give George a bill Welcome once he gets up there in North Carolina's probably there already Probably listening on the internet. Hey George we can't stand you Well, I mean just want to say that to get him all worked up, you know the bug man says He came up with an idea over the weekend prudent of president's bush. Oh, I like that president's bush wants to give the wealthy a $330 billion task at it and true statement of patriotism What if we gave a resurgent that stood foot on a racking up again so I'll add money instead I'll go for that if they were hurt or killed give them a double dose I tried to figure out how much they would be for each of my calculator couldn't handle it But I think it'd be around $6 million for each one of the 500 thousand soldiers Come on you right wing war loving chicken ox let's put your goddamn money where your patriotic big mouths are and now I'll take a big deep breaths is the bug man. Good idea bug man. I'll go for that Give me to those people put in their lives on the line for these other assholes who were talking a good game Or look at this Trump spelled towers They they're offering great condolences There's Blair house cute Very creative audience out there the answer only Monday you can only imagine what's gonna be here like Friday 560 50560 pound five 60 on the AT&T lots of lines not ringing around screenless man on Monday All this great stuff is going on to market is going through the roof. Yeah, right there probably on the phone when their stock broke is right now Just sending it in like we said at the track send it in baby don't be afraid send it in Plunge your brains out Everything's coming up roses WQAM Yes, sir boring WQAM speaking That was quick to have a ring you pick it up there you go Got a kid I'm saying have a ring a half a ring wow half a ring is better than none You have full the correct I just wanted to throw something out of your a quick I just got a prospect of me about a week ago And did hurt oh it hurts It hurts almost about as a market does right now about being a man the market's going through the roof baby Don't get sucked into that. I'm not that's what I just got through saying all these people are going to get oh, yeah Better get back in yeah, you see how long that'll last We people are going to see that's a 200 point couple days in row. They're going to jump in all of a sudden I've been remembered that everybody's out of work. Oops. I can't afford to do this. They're going to all bail out again And I'm looking for a job. You guys hiring no Thank you. See you You don't want to work here. We wouldn't do that to anybody's sir. We're not hiring We're sorry somebody else working for free Oh, that's right. We can get another person if you want to work for nothing man you just want to pleasure our company. Come on down. Come on down hang out here Hang out with a lot of beautiful people man Count for pound this is the heavy duty is placed on the face of the globe pound for pound We got more fat in this joint. That's why we had our carols. He weighs about 40 pounds in a sink. Miss a naked That wants to see that not this good oh We got more tubs of large in this place. I feel like Like a caring carpenter working in this joint. I'm serious. I feel like Miss Twiggy I have never seen so many rotund tubs of garbage I'm not just talking about fat. I'm talking about big gigantic Lard ass people huge humongous Man It is enough to make you scream Jesus Christ 9 minutes past 10 we got the marlins and they braves at 1230 in the interest no Nice job on logging in by the way water not see nice job as log is so screwed up. I wouldn't wish it on uh tell of a hunt and the Sodom God By the way the Sodom that was out there in a crowd. He looked pretty good didn't he? The the only tell tale giveaway was the fact he was wearing the groucho glasses with a mustache in the big nose That was the giveaway other than that you couldn't really tell wasn't him I think that was a little bit over the top don't you that groucho thing yeah Even even the mustache wasn't the right color on his Sodom out there in the street there's all the smoke in the background I know bother him. Yeah, talk about blowing smoke of somebody's back home And then the media do definitely have to oh yeah, well, we really have to examine whether that's him or not If you got a exam or whether that's really him or not then there's no hope for the rest of us. I'll tell you that My little dog could have told you that he would he would laugh at that that Sodom Huh, he would have looked his leg the number right there on a floor one two and three Yeah, that's why that little dog was a little bit of a pest you know most dogs do one and two he did one two and three and I can't tell you what three was I'm still trying to figure it out don't look to good I'll tell you something that's really great and that's getting you a great name brand arranging for me Believe it or not a great mattress in Toronto I like that. I'm just gonna stay in there all time because I don't want to kiss that SARS. Oh That's bad anyway Over a million people have ordered new new mattress and dialed my first over the phone including me several times It's the smart way to buy a mattress lots of other things you want to go out like when you buy produce You don't want to go in order produce over the phone, you know because God only knows what they'd send you I have a couple of cucumbers in the watermelons and then it shows up your house. Yeah, not good But a mattress this is the way to do it one easy call 1 800 mattress 1 800 mA TTR RES they carry the best in the reverse of dial a mattress Seely certissimmens king coil unbeatable prices unbeatable delivery deal and Dalamacris is ranked number one across the recidest fashion because they know how to treat you right Once you buy a mattress the easy way by making that one simple call to dial a mattress You'll never go back to the old fashioned way of wasting time and gas and lots of cash by subsidizing somebody's high overhead And they're sure we're again and don't forget when you do buy your mattress the smart way from Dalamacris They set up the new one takeaway to crappy old smetty Svelly betting for free. Let me say it again try to say it right Dalamacris sets up the new one takes away the crappy old betting for free Make the call right now and as soon as tonight you'll be doing yourself in your back a big favor call 1 800 mattress 1 800 mA TTR ES for our good friends at Dalamacris and be sure and tell Matt Tubby Tony to call That's melted Hello Michael I'm your office. I'm your Yes, sir. What the hell go that finish it what the hell are you doing to me? Are you a girl? I mean that's right. What did I do now sir? Hey, Glets big movie. Yeah, like piglets big piece of pink pole what an amazing success We're so proud of the animation in that The thing finished seven buys their seven. Do you know how much money we spent on that runty little Stuttering pig I like 80 90 million dollars 93 million dollars on piglet and open seven It's gonna take me nine months to make my pregnant money back But but but sir the animation is the animation is terrible. I don't know what you're talking about Oh, I got really self-guidance I Right For Stop What the hell you doing A drainage You know a system of art for you a natural drain This is you used the trade-off trip last morning. I know a drainage system is green I don't need a drainage system in my office for heaven sake. I don't even have a water fault Eyes no, yes, oh, but the way I forgot that how did the Oscars go oh Funny you should ask guys. No, that's my next topic. Was it an amazing time? What the hell? All that's finishing are you doing? Are you doing the me put me on stage with Jennifer Garner from Alonius? Well, we figured since she's on ABC I don't know what I figure I do it just for the hell that it'd be fun I figure I did a little action afterwards You know what she says to me? I'm married. I can't do that you're my boss. I don't want to go down that Oh Minute this is explosion in my office We Go home, we this is like I've wrecked what the hell you're doing to me that let's rule all both Famous stop blasting through my walls. I'm trying out a phone conversation with my plus president Get away from me. We need to think like Go home I Yes, sir. How about how are you doing up here? You don't want to me But but all sir how did it go with Jennifer? It didn't lie sir. I got nothing nothing nothing You wouldn't give me a handy what so you are married man You know what you sound like mini. I want home. She's so I thought he unsafe We're going up you love me so much water. Come in earlier. I said I want a mirror mini I just want to Get back come on What are you doing Get your cool water here 10 17 at 5 60 nobody come. What are you shaking your head about disturbing what those images that that link that that was sent on the facts Yeah, those warmages are disturbing I'm put to put it on there. Okay. I think the public ought to be disturbed see that's why they The powers that be and don't want the American media to show it those images They want it to be very antiseptic right? They don't want the public to see just like those first the hostages that were like shot and butchered everything and there was a big deal about Right away, yeah, there's rum spell on a phone to the networks. What first of all what the hell? I must have asked that it would national security What the hell business is Donald rum spell to any of his other ghost stepping assholes got calling that works telling him what to put on a year None absolutely But it doesn't look good when people get to see the way that you were young people are getting butchered in the name of this so-called war Which is nothing more than any legal violation of the Geneva Convention and you went treaties and he was constitution, but other than that On your wrong near you're just a party for free just one of those liberal a flag. Yeah. Yeah. Oh sure You see during Vietnam it was very easy right toward the end to jump on to why bandwagon to be against it after we had the 60,000 body bags come back Was real easy to be against the war It was the people in the early days who had the vision to see through all the bullcraft and lies we were being told CBC last night we ran the show. I wish I would have taped it I would have played the audio about the patriot missiles the first vintage from Gulf War one And about how they lie through their teeth and there was the Israeli defense minister But that was his name whatever the hell is name was Moshe Moshe Pupik Errant's Moshe errands he was on there talking about how they they're batting average they claimed that was a hundred percent There was shorts call finder talking about well we got a hundred percent Anyway, and they come to find out that the then it was like 20 percent then Aaron said it would even 20 percent would have been good But we found it was zero percent The patriots weren't taking down any Scuds zero none Sipity due to That would have that of course was vintage one of the patriot but don't you know The on people got a chance to come back and make some more version two, you know By the way Larry whoever is vaccine into 700 page you'll think I canceled it okay. Don't be faxed me 700 pages Larry About the Jenny has student to be public is want to know this and I don't want to get that sick Also Arthur and Boca Hawkmanish can't try because they say in Hungary, okay Since me a fax here about the rankings for the basic cable networks for the past week and here's the O'Reilly factor And Hannity and coms is one day, but a rather fact to the rest of the day You know what that proves to me first of all You got to understand that the right wing people who want to be fed the same crap. They're all watching fox round a clock If you take CNN and MSNBC and they've had their numbers they'd be to every time every day if you had them together Even a MSNBC's only got like you know 1.5 to whatever they got you had them together. They beat fox all the time There was not any other ultra right wing thing goodness network So all new people out there all your lemons. They want to be spoon fed garbage They're all watching fox round a clock In addition to which let me also say this to Arthur there are a lot more people in the McDonald's and the really fine restaurants too I ain't going there anymore than I'm gonna be watching fox fox news is not seem more on and not only that But since fox is so great how come since this has the top 10 well let me give you number nine first And I'll tell you what beats it out Number nine on the record with great of unsusher and Wednesday 10 p.m. Fox news channel in what beats it out number eight Sponge Bob Square pants Nickelodeon 3.3 how do you like that even sponge Bob Square pants beats out that nasty nasty Ducky looking great events misery the spread of on brown. Oh, huh? She's hot. Yeah, that's what man dog said Yeah Did we tell the audience about his bad eyesight is a little cocky. Oh, now this guy's vaccine me this again stop it You maniac that interested God almighty some of you people ask America this let me ask you one thing Larry. You got a life Go facts it's a Gilbert 567.0560 look at that look at the response here on this phone, huh? A screenless Monday. I'm all worked up into a frenzy here and he's people nothing nothing Not one line bringing on a flashing on a screenless Monday All of these things that are going on in the world David Bloom dies from a blood clot from a full-on or embellism Worked here in channel for did a great job everybody liked them Do we have anybody with a decent CD call in and say gee he was really a good guy? We enjoyed them and we're really sorry And one person to say it no because you're much a heartless bastard I want to tell you a little story about my my cuz this is the first and last Panther game in quite a while Walk into the arena the first person who recognizes me is an old bag with her walker Who's about 150 years old. She's been dead for years and she shouts out. Oh, must be a really big game today for you to show up here Yeah, what a sweetheart yeah with a nasty look on her push. I looked at wood kill and I thought I'm in a right place I'm in a right place this of course after you go through the thing where they frisky when they oh yeah Oh, they feel the change You better not be looking around too much because if you get aroused by anybody oh But that's in pop at a word so against a lot of be turgid even in your pants, you know But after you go through all of that and you walk in and I'm just mind of my business go to my seat just you know With the blinders on scene or evil here in a wevel and here she comes Fine, that's the really big game for you to show up here and you like that that was my welcome to the macarena How do you like that? No surprise and you know there's a few other regulars course there were too many regulars there yesterday a lot of strange people I mean really strange but Was there one person that came over to me and said Hey, we really appreciate what you doing on here. You're the one the lone voice who actually speaking out against all this And we agree even if they don't agree, you know Was there one no no see that? I don't surprise the bow no zero none Start to write out with a negativity because this is a hostile Negative sour freaking place that's one of the main reasons I'm glad I don't have to be if I was here round a year I just I just kill myself. I really would if I had to be here all your round I blow my brains up Or I'd retire and I'd like brown bag my meals every day. That's all I brown bag it I'd move to Vegas take a chance WQAM Yeah, sir Yes, sir Talk about the Eastern conference by awesome pretty excited play-offs are actually Happening very soon right you know when a little bit more optimistic the ship because I'm a ruins fan, but you know So They start about so well the sheriff and they have their horrible slump and then they finished liking seven So I don't know I think they could they could work out the devil's I don't know what do you think about that no chance No chance No chance bad gold tending man and I don't know is that but the elder goals are all their goals How she's got injured the other day? Yeah, it's horrible how'd you like that game against Buffalo was the final score 20 to 15 or something like that was unbelievable eight to five I think It's a lot I didn't get I didn't get a chance to watch it actually But um, yeah, so you know hopefully everything works out in the But good luck to him and I like to ruin zero k they never stole a freighter then they're not in fact I'd rather see that one in Jersey Jersey's boring. I can't stand that whole Jersey thing you know I hope they stick that Marty bro dirt right back into frog tank Thanks a lot me'll take care. Goldies go baby. No boo Wait a minute you're not supposed to say that We're not playing you guys were playing the flyers do you like the flyers? I Just find the flyers so go leave scope on say it just whisper Thank you Right there we go. He's not doing thoo's the bottom, but you know he's selling it just like you're selling this word everybody Hey, it's a grand liberation its liberation by elimination baby See I realize that I make some people uncomfortable and I know it's a horrible thing that even think of But just the opposite that maybe it's your kids who are getting their heads blown off in a car right right in front of you You can't even imagine it and I'll tell you another thing that I found grow task And we'll again keep in mind as the hera-hungic fun himlura romp spell says we'll only see in little slices of what's really going on little snippets So they show yesterday afternoon and again this morning. I saw it Or some of our troops are going door to door in the back dead And they're looking for the evil doors you know for the Fae Dain Fae and and they open the door and the guy when what is a schmoth the on it comes to the door and like guy Terrified and he's got his hands up in here and they're saying go get everybody out You know they want to win and now check him out And the next thing they show is him with a whole family the wife had about four little kids and they're they're on the lawn And they make them put their hands behind their head and they are Trimbling here they have their their rifles pointed at them and they the whole family is sitting there trembling on the lawn Oh, we heard to liberate you though and they're sitting there trembling I'm sorry, but anybody who convinces me that it who really believes in of course That's why they use that name operation Iraqi freedom that was the that was the straw that put it over the edge Regime change on that wouldn't have done it weapons to mass destruction. Ah, we don't think so But operation Iraqi freedom. What's not to lie? Okay, we're the great liberators Come on, we want to liberate you from life as once you did you certainly can't be you know prisoner anymore Grow tisc and how so many of you are buying into this craft just makes me want a barf, but that's okay Because as usual on my out there and limit I don't even McDonald's either. Thank you So you continue watching fox continue watching you're all spin all day Fox news and oxymoron. It's like Jews for Hitler Thanks for bush that kind of thing Jews for Buchanan. I'm sorry. I forgot we get up to Palm Beach How's that pull come on? What's it these best describes you on the arroggies dot com? Let's hear from you baby 283 votes. I'm a liberal against the war 88 independent against the war 69 You're making that number up. No, I'm not perfect. Yeah Conservative in support of the war 46 independent support of the war 25. I don't give you Schmidt about any of 15 People I just want to live there. I want you should give a Schmidt you know you don't you don't want to get immersed because it just Over the top liberal in support of the war 14 liberal on decided 10 conservative against the war 10 Independent on decided four and conservative on decided to I'll add up to the categories during the break because that's come to you know it's very complicated isn't it? Yeah, it's well, I mean how many people do we have in a whole audience do you think who are really in support of this madness? I'm 30 man 28 past 10 at 5 60 W to QM. I cannot believe what's gonna happen in this town tonight It's the last free spaghetti dinner for the season at Papadopark. Wow. Is there nothing sacred left in the universe? Huh? No, of course not you've been to make sure to get Papadopark tonight because with every Papadopark program purchased You'll get a coupon good for a free spaghetti dinner at the fourth floor players lounge Rumor has it that Mickey McNick is gonna be buying everybody dinner. I don't think so. Sorry Mickey Maybe won't you do it? What do you think? Well, they got to buy me dinner? No, didn't include rules and butter Salad a heaping plate of pasta with marinara sauce. It's the best deal all South Florida Maybe all on North America tonight the last free spaghetti dinner the season so bring everybody out from win more cemetery village dragon in there bring them in from McDonald's Papadopark open for live harness racing at its best Monday Wednesday Friday and Saturday four nights a week first post time 715 free general parking free admission as well. No forget to be Wednesday. Papadopark is dollar light with draft beer hot dog sodas and more only a bucket piece Papadopark where the action is it's gonna be a gigantic night tonight. Don't forget bring your own glass for your teeth Papadopark a block south of Atlanta Boulevard on powerline road and also bring a big sack of money and plunger guts out tonight post time 715 please the show We're get about Korean The North agriculture Mification We're right famous We're drilling over and over into our head She's bright added, rack as a That's a fastest brush and 3,000 3,000 people killed are now forgotten let's exploit them instead Hamed their soil to be content going after Santam to Plank Hado Sama there's no longer mention of a name in Lothan but no one seems concerned all of them be in complacent believe in every word of this cartelist administration that controls us by fear through media manipulation and the right wing is thrilling and over and over and to our heads that I racked as a weapons of mass destruction youngs of off you asshole the loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying we're all suspects now not see as property I have nothing to hide table partners all are saying I know beauty and cattle don't have any reservation out of provoked battle ends world annihilation all machines must fall and have a virgin and stoke with no objection at all till the crackdown have the fall and the right wing is thrilling it over and over and to our parade waspens I racked as a weapons of mass destruction only I racked as a weapon of mass destruction there 3556 the WQM happy Monday too we got the marlins in a bravest 12 30 to 7 in a pre game game time 105 Hank is doing a show at Tula's this afternoon least he's back in town that's a start-humber he's back in town a horku hotline at she'll is at seven eight o'clock we got the big also a she'll is but it will be a lot of eating going on over there you know man any k from g a ten o'clock tonight into a marco tonight no more ball games just a marlon game the staff no well i mean how about the panthers when's their playoff run start next year general j garner and former cia director james wholsey you know who's really great arthur can't have you ever seen him he's on the history channel i might have i was on with lo me fifty dollars over the weekend i wanted to show this guy's great he tells it exactly the way it is the morning show that something morning show a big a part was it on that Sunday morning history channel show i just got to send he was on with lo me fifty dollars oh i thought lo me fifty dollars was on with him right on on the history channel they're going to have a larry king not ancient history more recent history not ancient history you all need to get out of here you all troll what's the spenders you silly old kood don't need to get out no on the king by stew show and he was talking about these uh two guys and about how they're closely in bed with the right wingers in his real and about the dergo to be two of the guy already i had that article for you last week April one and it was no fooling u.s. draws up secret plan with post regime on a rack from the uh guardian newspaper in England a disagreement's broken out of the senior level within the bush of administration over a new government that the u.s. is secretly planning and quate to rule a rack in the immediate aftermath of the overthrow of goddam sottam under the plan the government will consist of 23 ministries each headed by an american uh and of course it says this is done the government's composition appear to be entirely in u.s. hands especially those of Paul wolfowitz the deputy secretary of defense you understand the stop-out in strack of everyone this is an original garner was officially in charge but according to sources posted the planning of the government has had to accept another controversial iraqis and advisory rules so in other words Paul wolfowitz and his henchmen are putting all of this together i wonder how these two uh puppets of aerial sharon are going to get along with the iraqis uh and it's going to be a mess i don't want to even predict the gloom and do but it's going to be unpleasant okay they're not going to be too crazy about that you might mention my name's a rice mash of garner w q a m good morning a good man how are you i'm pretty well i just wanted to first of all say that i was absolutely hard sick when i fell down out of that day with gloom terrible i um you know as when he was here i also he was really very handsome he was i loved you know his reporting i you know when he made it to the national level i was you know almost kind of proud you know because he was from here or he was you know one of our reporters and i enjoyed following his career and you know i um i too you know i felt something you know for him and his family and uh why can't he young daughters i know it's it's really tragic i really you know i know that there's lot of you know fighting people over there but you know i guess it might have happened you know just sitting at a desk too no no did it happen because of where he was well i would think so because of pull that or you know get the deep vein trombosis which starts with a blood clots in leg that's from a lot of in activity and sitting course yet all the heavy equipment on like the troops and out there the desert for hours and hours this is something that gets started with him last week he complained the doctors for a propane in his leg so that was the beginning of it and uh you know though those things once the blood clots gets loose it goes up and you're long that can be you can be dead in seconds which is what happened to him well i just wanted to lay in this someone after he was actually thinking about that this weekend and oh i had a question 42 on a lighter note what phrase one that the poll the other day for the most annoying or what was it the most annoying phrase or remember that poll what was it Carlos what one that i don't know because there was i don't remember this phrase i'll be honest with you it's just for you made it but it it's a phrase that month very um apropos the phrase to die for oh yeah that's it but i'm there yeah that's we could at 50,000 a month yeah i know it was a big lie just it was i was thinking about it over the weekend and i was wondering if you remembered anyway i bet your Eric will uh facts me to let's talk to you the top five okay thanks thanks have a good one you too well there's somebody nice enough see it's a lady of course to say something nice about David Blumos a great guy and was here for us over the years including during her hurricane and we didn't really great work yeah what what's there to say it's just a senseless loss of life tragic so the clip where you went after the looters when everybody went well that was great yeah and i like impromptu he's down to the cover the hurricane and the relief and all the other and here's this uh lunatic running off of the whole you know just a looter ripping off a bunch of crap during everybody else's time of uh dores and he said is there and that a dores in there or what what are you doing a crap just to take in it because you can and he stuck the mic right in the asshole's face i's gone David we miss you already i mean you know people are always saying you know you're knocking a look and there are a lot of nice people on here in this time Bob we were good god Bob Mayor babbs about two feet tall oh Bob Mayor sits on 14 phone books but he's a good guy huh but i am watching channel six news now not that they care over their evil that's silly Tony cigaretteo i won't watch channel four anymore after that angel array piece about Jessica i'm sure if that's it that's the end for me i watch channel four news for years for years i don't know why just uh by a process of elimination because i can't stand seven now that my friend Ricky Sanchez is gone i mean can't stand seven ten every time i see Dwight i think about eating ash you know i guess there's no credibility there you know i envision Dwight hovering over anzele smelly body oh oh nasty so i can't watch that so i won't have been watching channel four i'll put up with Tony cigarette at least our good buddy Joe roses on there there you go huh don't have that gap in his teeth anymore thanks to me i'm the guy that embarrassed him to get no a chicklet stuck in there and that's right he was too cheap to go to the dentist he just stuck a chicklet in there old Joe rose just buys a little box and then we get off the news he choose it and i'm gonna come out again yeah i just keep stickin one in there who also they got on channel six that we'd like Kelly Craig she's a good she's a mountain of a personality huh did she ever lose anyway i'm sorry we love you Kelly i mean we understand it's not easy she had that kid and then you know it's just stayed she found a way it's just stayed for a while she lives it she's great we love you Kelly anybody else that's it there's not too many memorable people over there yeah i don't even know who else is on that news koh you what's your name is she still on there the one that did the travel shows to Italy all the time with them the Jennifer sloppy velopi 18 to 11 at five sixty don't like her too much here's more great deals for you from time lame and in Joe period or hell of potty xgmc that are going on right would you hear that i think uh oh going on right now neodyl number one gets 0% financing for sixty months on every honey aqua gmc in stock neodyl number two get up to a four thousand dollar rebate on every new gmc in potty x and stock let me say it again get yourself up to a four thousand dollar rebate and every new car truck in stock and yield you'll number three if you're currently a gm smart Lisa smart by customer and Ravi Chevy Blazer and old's provider or gmc Jimmy by or least a new potty xgmc in extra thousand dollars off the price stop by hell and test drive the all new and powerful potty x grand pre hell of potty xgmc they've been doing people great for 35 years of his writers still there and that same original location which is 134 a one south pixie highway that's you us want across in the falls open every day seven days a week if you want more info on his great deal deals call the neodyl hotline tool free at one triple eight five three four forty two eleven that's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven don't forget all neodyl subbed credit approval cdl for details halit potty xgmc they're shouting it from the mountain tops they be professional graze five local this is five sixty three years old yours cooing ow earrings coming oh COP that we'd like to see. In flying we have any balls with a spread reasoned star Dean. And we want our name off of the side. Yes, it is in very nice and low we want to verify. The government have no ball. And the dawn of the sun, the sun of the sun. That's for hope, the board finds that we've got balls. The dawn of the sun, the sun of the sun. Donna was out of mind and so appalled. He... I'll tell you many life with her, he can't stand. We'll now be checking inside the pen. Do I have to? Or am I fool? Take down that coin. So, I ain't got things don't have any ball. That's why they slap each other's chin. Don't ball, don't hurt me. I don't. Oh. 1047 we got big balls here at QM where we're radio-ish. That's right. Donna shall I let Eddie Jones their real upset about that billboard? What was ever the end result of that, do we know? No. I think we just have like two teams left up there on that billboard. Now that Moe's back from his re-facation, I'm here and I think it's true that they actually take in two of his here pieces and they replace the UAM and the dolphin logos and I won't build board on 441. Huh? That's what I'm here and all and I forgot to wear my Iraqoon cat there. Tomorrow morning I think when I come in I'm going to stick that over the top of my head just standing in the window and pier it my close personal friend in here. Here's the facts from somebody. Yesterday made the horrible mistake of taking my nine year old son to the Panthers game. Oh, you're right that you could have quit right there was a horrible mistake. At the end of the second period after seeing a fairly good team without its stars is to wear a minor league club. We finally left but now without great parting gifts, I set a drumsticks. What the hell kind of marketing is that my son loved him as he beat me over the head with him from the back seat of the car on the way home? Screaming at me that we should have gone to the hurricane's baseball game next time I listen to the kid. By the way, we met Rimmer during the first in a mission he said that he always buys. And I'm glad he mentioned that he reminded me because Rimmer's wife didn't want me to put it on the year. He lives on a golf course. Now that the season is over, no playoffs many, many months of an activity. In a spare time he puts on his little bathing suits, swims across the lake to the golf course. Find all the airy things. He's hiding with the thing about we got balls. Finds the golf balls. And on the front right outside of the front yard got a big sign. Bucca Holler. Where was you ball? You better be kidding. No, he saw him use golf balls. Firstly, well, at least he washes his balls off. Not in the sink either like you. Oh, okay. Sorry that I had to tell out in the air for a little bit. It's a true star. Well, you know, times of tough. Plus he only gets 50% off into pizza loft. Do you realize that this man wanted me to go to intercede on his behalf? When Jeff is there, he gets freebies. But when Jeff is not there, he's in the computer for 50% off. Pay the money. Okay, remember you cheap bastard. You cheap Canadians who bastard, okay? Good. Got all money. What kind of cheapness is that it got a 3.5 million dollar house? Why don't you go back to Canada to you, too fast to write? Back to Montreal where they claim it you came from. Even though you're from Toronto. Hey, us in Toronto, we don't want to admit it. Spare some change, Mr. Oh, I'd like to see him in Toronto downtown. But all the homeless people. Spare some change, Mr. Watch him open a wall and let him off fly out right in her post. He's a panic. 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless blind. Come on out, okay. Let's get broke on here. What do you say? I'm taking the rest of the week off. We're going to put the battling broke on here. No, you love working with her. Don't even like listening to her. Maybe she'd even do her little boxy or ball of wax deal. W to Q AM? Yeah, hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm sure I'm already. Oh, yeah. You know, I'm not a big Bill O'Reilly fan, but I read his column in Saturdays page. Oh, I'm sorry. About the slaughter. Yeah. He was talking about how he got an email supposedly from a colonel from the third infantry, when it was saying that we're making history with destroying two Iraqi divisions. Everyone is getting a chance to kill somebody. We've killed over 10,000 Iraqi soldiers and body parts on knee deep. I saw something like this on C-SPAN II, an ITN reported reporting it, who was abruptly cut off on Saturday as well. And what I've heard from, I don't even watch on news. The news that we have here, these channels CNN and all. Because they said, what 500 Iraqis dead in about 80 Americans, it seems like it's very easy. But you said a couple of weeks ago. There are numbers on a piece of paper, just statistics. Yeah. How lateral damage? Yeah, you know what was funny. You talk about that, how it's just numbers on paper, like with me, with a lot of folks down here with David Bloom. But I don't know when he soldiers in there. Right. And you saw a heinous at, oh my God, that's like someone, you know, we know in a way. And he was neither in combat. No, no, he wasn't. But clamped up in that hungry. You know, did like he's right. You know, that's what they're meant, you know. And, you know, that's a shame. I mean, and I'm sure there's so many people. What did he die for? I mean, granted he was a great news guy and he wanted to be there and wanted to cover the thing. But what did he die for? What did he give away his life to accomplish? Absolutely nothing in that sense. I mean, you know, you go there to report a story. I mean, it's a little bit different in covering the aftermath of a hurricane or a flooding of a river where you're sitting there. And here you're putting your life, you know, on the line. And like you just said, for nothing. You know, and that was it. But you mentioned a couple weeks ago about the slaughter that was going on. And there was absolutely nothing. Nothing that you could find about what's really going on there. And I was surprised to find it on an old Rylee column. And, you know, about what's really going on. And Americans, you know, I mean, there's 70% of them that have their head head in the sand, they get. And they just don't want to know. And just one last thing. I don't before you go on. I always used to wonder as a kid, especially. How it is that the German people followed Hitler. And I see a lot of similarities here. They'll just go step in line. They love every second of it. We're superior to everybody else. We're going to kick all our enemies ass and the sighe island and the 70% of the American public are buying to that mentality. Absolutely. And like you said, you know, liberation by a women age. Right. I saw those pictures too of the soldiers with that family. We had the guns pointed at some family. And that was scary. And yeah, they were terrified. They were shaking like leaves. And it's just so bizarre. But you know, the defense contracts are being wind up. There's a lot of people, a lot of companies that stand to make a lot of money. You know, that's your man. And that was it. You know, I went to an impact. One of the stories on our website today that checkered past of US firms in the frame, Krony said to make a killing by the London observer. Krony said to make a killing. Absolutely. One last thing. I don't know about the on a different note. This saying you had last week. I think there was one. There's more than one way to skin a cat. I wouldn't have been good. Yeah, I don't know how many ways you need. We'll do it again one day. You know, like tomorrow. Okay. Never ever raped it. 560, 560, pound 560. Now Eric never finds me to resolve that pull. I know he's got it. He's probably busy. He's looking for it. I talked to him. Okay. Didn't I just don't the two of you get started again? I don't want to know. Why did you call him? Because if you'd speak to him, then there's going to be a little friction. You know, you're going to be like, uh, Oh, he had a hurt you though. Why? He had a hurt you. He hadn't? He had it. He had it. He had not. He had not hurt it. Why? Why? What's he doing? Listen to, uh, what's the doctor? Laura? Of course. I always knew it about him. He's not fooling me. Listen to the doctor. Laura up there. She's probably called me a communist again today. That bitch. That nasty miserable, right wing orthodox Jew bitch. You know, who should be a good mate for Jew Lieberman? I'd like to see the two of them in low. Not seriously. And they could both wear it on their sleeve. Ooh. I'd like to do something on their sleeve. Yeah. Big pile. So is that a ton of Cleveland clinic? I'm going to go over to Dr. Laura's house and go in and fight Jew Lieberman for a nice co-sher lunch and I'm going to take a dump and smear it on both of them. And then I'm going to smear whatever leftover in every flesher's bald spot. I don't know. Maybe it's a hockey game yesterday. Just kind of like putting me in a sour mood. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T. I'd tell you one thing that pulled over the weekend. George, I don't know whether that's good or bad. He came in second place to bury a manalo. I guess it's bad. Because if they're bears to say it, that means that they're bears to say it. They enjoy his work. Right. But they're embarrassed to say it. It's as opposed to saying he sucks on the ear or something like which we've already done those pulls. Let's do that again while he's going this way. Why do you think George sucks on? No, we're not going to do that. We're not going to pick on George when he's not here. I enjoy it more when he is here to pick on him. He gets all defensive. He is so, oh, thin skin, man. He pretends that he's not. Do you think that haven't done this now for five years on an off-film and everything? You know, after you do few shows that thin skin goes away, not him. Wow. You still find a button here and there. You could see his button. Man, even an elevator in an AT story building, I have as many buttons as he's got. Wow. Right away, don't touch the buttons in the other ear. You can get SARS. Wash your hands real good with soap under the nails, huh? They don't know. They're just talking to Kakka. They don't know. If you really wanted to scare the crap out of the public, there's an article. I don't want to say what it is. I'm not going to talk about it, huh? I don't want to give you right it. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah. I'm a prison planet about SARS. I don't want to say that the guy's a little, I mean, maybe he's right. But I'm not going to talk about it here on the ear. As a matter of, now I could say it today. Remember what I said before the year I show about 9-11? I don't want to say that yet because it's just, I can't bring myself to say it yet. I may have to apologize to a lot of people of cold in the last year and a half on the show. Not yet, though, because I think they may be a little over the top, a little, you know, I don't want to say it yet. Maybe tomorrow. 10-56-560 WQMIA sensational Monday. I don't know what it is. Must have been that hockey game in the lady in the beginning. I got me in such a good mood. Maybe we'll see in remember after the game. After the last movie, left the game in the middle of the second period. He was waiting right outside there after he scored the fifth goal. I guess he knew we'd be flying out of there. We were. And he has hand out. I haven't even spared change at the moment. He has hand out. He had a little tin cup. I don't know if I forgot to ask him what he was doing out there. A little tin cup. I'm in a collection for the pace and real salary. And I loved that thing in the column yesterday. But, oh, well, we're not going to pay any, get anybody new next year. I'm going to pay any big salaries. Huh? What? Wow. Liberation by elimination. That's what we're doing at the macarena. We're eliminating him like crazy. Pay those gigantic prices to come in and see all the youngsters in the organization. The ones that we can afford to keep here. And, of course, the really good ones are going to be going someplace else. Good. Gawling this money. I don't want to get an Allen Cohen's case. Okay? Because, you know, he'll be deserves it. Big time. He's got a lot of people suckered in and all these columnists to just, they're lackeys. He's going to make any difference. Who's running the organization? They just rub right at the same old crap. And old number eight was out there. Actually, he compared the rest of the team he played pretty good yesterday. Through a couple of really wild wicked hits. I mean, I can't say a whole lot for him, at least he did something. Right, Pete? Come on, Pete. Hit somebody. The lies put in Florida. Yes. Yes. Yes. The cause is just. And our mission is clear. To desire a rock of weapons and mass destruction. To answer the only saying support for terrorism. And to free it here I do people. All the things that stand on the thickest end. Tell me where they had them. We go the hands down... We go the hands down... All the things that stand on the thickest end. Tell me where they had them. They're gonna hand down... We go the hands down... It's a job that's done. I'd die... It's a job... That's done. American and coalition forces facing enemies who have no regard for the conventions of war. A rules of morality. Iraqi officials have placed troops in equipment in civilian areas, a tempting queues innocent men, women and children, as shields for the decadeers army. The one Americans in all the world know that coalition forces will make every effort, despair in this incident for harm. It is a fight for the security of our nation and the peace of the world. And we will accept no outcomes. But victory. 11. On Friday, 5. 60. W.M. Here's the fact that since David Bloom was a blessing and is an alternative to the showtime, SuperPetral American Idol mentality of newsrooms today. He has seen the fact that this one notices one of our regular facts. He's going to be upset with me when I make my comment. He says he and Sully died where we all professionals. You know, Sully, that'll Brian. Binbet. It was a real pleasure to watch them do real news program on Saturdays. They were easily a better duo in all senses. A real chemistry more sexy, more charming again, much more professional than the Matt and Katie Act ever dreamed of being. Well, they're more sexy, doesn't it sound like American Idol? Huh? I see, I know this this fact, so that makes me a little bit nervous because David Bloom was great. He's doing what he was like goofing around on the weekend today. Sure, whether he was being like a recourse bond like he did from wherever. No matter what, the hurricane anywhere he was. But Sully, that'll Brian. Oh, my God. You've got to be kidding me, okay? Binbet Central. And say, I hear she got turned down to Binbet Central. Two over the top. 5. 6. 705. 60. What we got to have Marlon and a Braves game in 1230? Let's do a lot more of those. Starting at about 10. 15 sounds good to me. Let's play a little small ball. We got Carlos here for that small. I'm sorry. And then we got remember where the golf balls for you. We got that master stuff all week on. They're going to be hooking about that in the month of Birkit about whoody in your Johnson. Oh, God. Give it a rest, Mo. Okay. It is so boring already. It was kind of a tit titlating for a little while there, but Jesus, God. And also there a bunch of blue nose Yahoo, good old boys up there. They don't know about no broads in there. They don't want no fags. They don't want those spokes in there a long time ago. But then they had a, you know, I, it's just that one year if the same thing were being said about black people being excluded from it. Yeah, it will be like saying, but you know, all those other people didn't want Rosa Parks at the front of the bus. Well, tough crap. She made her point. She made a stand. And yet, there were more important things that black people had to worry about that back then about who was going to sit where on the bus. But nevertheless, you have to attack in all areas. And all the excuses that the, that the old, hooting hoodies like, well, that's what he is. He's a hooting hoody Yahoo, I can see him with a big hood on his head. You know, I can, yeah, seriously, at least to cover up that damn piece that raccoon, a big, big pointed hood on his head. I can see it right now. Up there when I gust it with those all those old nasty, miserable, Arnie Palmer and Nicholas, Gary, play, you can smell a guy damn to jam coming from there. Right, um, oh, geez. Bruno's is. That's what golf saw about. We don't want no bras in here, it's pulling our fun. And of course, anytime I hear a guy saying something like that, we don't want no bras in here, you know what that is. That's a deep club you moron. That's right. Just like remember when they started having a broad reporters in locker room? Yeah, they can't be naked. Oh, we don't want no women in the locker. They might see a penis. Woo! And there's a few things in the world more hysterically, the women just goes nuts over a flasad penis, right? Right, a flasad penis? I don't want, I'm not going to delve into that. Okay, because I know you're going to take this just like George's trained you. What's obvious to me, this is the moment you've been waiting for. George has trained you very well to just pick your opening so to speak and jump right in with something really grow Ted, we're not going to be doing that today or tomorrow or Wednesday, maybe next week someday if I like decide to call and sick like Monday would be good. WCUIM. R.L. R.L. Yeah, this is R.L. 5.670560. How come we don't get it that he's not going to be on again? Ever. It's just, it's real simple. There's like a little yellow button here and you just disappear like so like the asshole, let you are. You won't be on this show again. Don't you get it. Don't you understand it? Huh? Which words don't you understand? Can't you fathom it? No. You jack as you. Man is he pathetic. See now George gets upset about that guy, not me. I kind of enjoy him. WCUIM. Yes, good morning. I'd like to speak with you. Speaking. Neil, good morning. How you doing? Very well. Thank you. I really just wanted to thank you for mentioning that family this morning because I will tell you what, I couldn't finish my breakfast after I saw that. I mean, I wonder how many of these people who are gone home for this war were like to have, you know, a bunch of soldiers come to their house and force everybody at gunpoint to come out and terrorize it. Neil, that little girl is going to be scarred for life. And I was, you know, relating that story to some of my lesson-lightened coworkers this morning who still buy into all the schmit that is being fed to them by the media. And you know, not that I needed an excuse, but now I'm more determined than ever that I've just got to get out of this country. And I was wondering because I heard you mentioned a few weeks ago, you were talking about places that people would like to visit that they hadn't been to. Right. And I've never heard you mention Stockholm and I was wondering if you were there. It's a beautiful city. It's a wonderful place. I've been there. My head was there. A lot of drugs there, but it's a beautiful city. They're at least there not lay it all over the streets anyway. That's right. They're not laying all over the streets and they take care of their people. And also you what, I'm counting the days on that of here. As a matter of fact, it's funny you mentioned Sweden because I had a story that I never got to last, I'll ever find it. But about how Sweden is like number one in terms of computer literacy around the world, you asked this look to number three behind Sweden and Denmark. It is. It's number one in a lot of technological related fields. And not only that, but it's just their standard of living is so high. I mean, I won't. My name Greg will put you on here for a minute. No, don't go running off now. I got to break. He always have a nice day. Sweetheart. Thanks. Don't go running off. He always does that. He comes in when he knows I'm in the middle of a segment here. He gives me a look. Look, how right in the face he's getting. I know your game. You've been playing this game forever for long before I came here. It's the old hidden run. Makes a little appearance. You know, I'm going to do the break even early now because we got that big baseball game. Coming up, it's the final score of 2017, by the way. We don't know the winner. Nice pitching, by the way. So let me ask you this. The billboard, I'm sure, and whatever, at a 441. What's the deal? What's the current status on our billboard? Still there. Would it be all the logos? Now is that he's holding up the piece side. I know it. That boy is holding up the piece side. He said, piece on me. You or something like that. OK. Carlos will. Well, that's great. We still got to build board up there. How do you like that, Donna, and Eddie, you silly old coupe man with a planned pants? In fact, the first game that Moe went over there to broadcast the dolphins. That was the first thing you said Eddie Jones. Take off those checkered pants. Yeah, that was the first thing you said to him. He's still wearing them. People are talking about you, Eddie. You're all fine. He lives in the same complex with the rumor. Same complex. They both have a $3.5 million house. And rumors still getting freemium. I bet you're Eddie Jones pays for his meals at the piece of lock. Not rumor. Anyway, that's it, Greg. See you. So in a billboard, it's still there as we find it grow a little pair. We're not going to be a coward. And Donna shall lay them by the way. The rumor on town is he's got a bigger pair than all of us put together. So when I'm here, that's just a rumor. Now Greg is not leaving. That's what he thinks. Nine minutes as a matter of fact, could be a range where it helps that one cart. Nine minutes after 11 at 5.60 QA hits that time of the year again. We got the basketball championships that I would have to send a couple of playoffs coming up. We got baseball man. If you want to plunge your brains out and put down some bets, you better know who you're dealing with. VIPsportsbook.com is the best in the world. You can have complete trust in VIPsportsbook.com and a legal license sportsbook. One of the original online books in the world and like I said, still the best. If you like Harry Parlias, how to party odds about the 2001 Saudi U. How about free same day payouts? How about a 15% cash bonus ahead of your first deposit? But most of all for the past 70 years VIPsportsbook.com has earned a reputation as a sportsbook with the best customer service anywhere. Sportsbook reviewed.com's rated them number one customer service two years running. So if it's your turn to go on a run of a lifetime, you better make sure with the right sportsbook when it happens. Sign up online at VIPsportsbook.com and get yourself a 15% cash bonus ahead of your first deposit. Nothing like starting out a big winner. If you're not online, call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets. Don't forget the 50% sign up bonus is only available online. So get yourself online and cash in that 50% cash bonus today at VIPsportsbook.com where you'll be the VIPs. This is for 20-560. QA-N. The ring rape is funny. A tower bitch on the radio who found a niche with no life as hosts. Chudding women, neck the sounds, and bad as frauds in sell you the time. The classification has been scuffer-faced. What's this no talent knows a better way? Still fading at the lift worth a doctor's youth. But she knows what is best for you. Dr. Nora of f***er. She does not rush up her phone. She's dispensing sound advice to morons' ways. The brains of mice. Hey, Dr. Nora by the way. How's your mother feeling today? Nora, I would strongly advise to put your tongue in my brown eye. Dr. Nora of f***er. Hey, Dr. Nora, you just discovered the smell of provolochis, and the smell of provolochis. No, 11.14 at 5.60. WQM, no, I'm not a Greg, but it's certainly been nice seeing it. Yes sir, absolutely. I'm going to start singing O'Candard to write here on a year. Don't do that, don't do that. We want to be real. Anyway, we got the billboard to steal up there. We took the balls off because you ended off in Zona Ebony balls. We got a little pair. We're playing large ball. Okay, how's that pull going by the way? Which of these describes you? Liberal? Ah, look at that. Greg came in here and now my mouse is all screwed up. Liberal against the war. 104 don't touch my mouse again, Greg. 140, liberals against the war. How many votes we got here, Carlos? 435, thank you. Independent against the war 94. Conservative in support of the war 69. Didn't make the number up. Independent in support of the war 42. I don't give you a Schmidt about any of it. 29, liberal in support of the war 21, liberal on the side of the 13. Conservative against the war 13. See I thought back in the beginning, the real Conservatives were all against this. Remember that? Yeah. Including Papukin and but independent on the side of 12 and conservative on the side of the two. So on the side, it's we got 27. Right knees down. Oh, did Eric ever facet me that thing? Yes, he did. He said, sorry. It took me a while to sort it. Well, don't do it again, Eric. And don't call Carlos. Okay, where I'm just kidding. Oh, here's Tom who says those who think the troops are coming back after a wreck. Better think again, not until the Bush administration gives control of the whole Middle East. I'm afraid you're right Tom. They got that plan, you know. First Iraq and in Syria and then Iran, although not necessarily in that order, but I think that's the order. And then who knows what's after that? Isn't that ironic though that the people that we should have been doing a lot Saudi Arabian Pakistan? Huh? The packies that I want to put the Taliban in the first place and they leader, Professor Moshar, a perfect Moshar. He's a military dictator who took over control of a government by a military coup. Kouku Koukou could chew. Anyway, here's how it came out. What are they banging again? Is that when he came in here to soften me up so I didn't complain that they're banging with a construction again down there? Is that what Greg was in here? To distract me from that? I may have an earplugged up a little bit but I'm not that deaf. They're banging on it. Oh, you know who that must be? Let us in! Let us in! That must be that crowd again. The right wingers. That must be the crowd from Fox. Let us in! No, you can't come in. We hear you knocking but you can't come in. You hear that? Yeah, it's a glorious crowd. Yeah, it's that same asshole. You remember those pictures from the election? Indeed. Let us in! Let us in! Boy, hang your camera would have been proud. Good, jolly Miss Molly. You understand? We just stop both of them stack up everyone. Not here. I know that you remember we had the big run on DuckTap and the Visc Queen? Right? Now we got a big run on hip boots. You can use your own imagination as to why. It's good to have hip boots to go step. Oh, god. Anyway, here's the who won that thing. Which of these is a phrase of a expressions bugs you the most? Weapons of match destruction, 121. Well, I've figured it's time to go. Yeah, weapons of a. Okay, that's a. Are you go girlfriend, her nine? That's because we can't stand Oprah. Oh, wow. A lot of those fat shut in women that George always talks about they love. Oprah. The rest of us can't stand that bitch. She has no talent. She makes me nauseous. I don't be grudge your heart, billions. Even the elf, she's lucky enough to make it more power to her. Just get out of our face, go away. 121 for weapons of match destruction, 109 for you, go girlfriend. 86 for WWE JD. What would Jesus do? What would Jesus do while all these bodies are being mangled and being decapitated, huh? That's a real good question. Or do you a hawks out there? What would Jesus Christ do? 21. Or I'm sorry. What are these other numbers on here? I've ever forgotten to don't ask. Don't ask. You know what I'm saying? 73. What's your take? 59. Don't even go there. 53. My bad. George says at all the time. I hate my bad. I like like little kids would say, oh my bad. I know. You know, 44. You know, I should have got a lot more votes than that. Well, what's wrong with you people? You say these things all the time, you know? My nigga, 43. Embedded 31. That was a small potato's after that. Small ball rolling head for it. That's because there's no Marlon fans. It's just a witch that's not playing small ball. There are playing. Here's a fact that says welcome to the Bizarre world. The most renowned rapper is white. The most famous golfer is black. And the reverberate commander and chief is a drag dodger. A wall from the National Guard. It says I don't want to play program director. Everybody possible to play the Civil Defense test for three hours instead of Mo and squeaky. You know, I think speaking of squeaky, but it's not the same squeaky that this guy is talking about. It's more like the other squeaky, you know? I know. I was thinking Wednesday that I knew to one hour. Mo bits, Mickey Mouse bits and what else? And I have one other category. I'll think of what it was. Huh? For the whole hour. And that was it. Very good. Excellent. Michael Jackson bits, Mo bits and Mickey Mouse bits. This Wednesday, no one will love that. I haven't played that in a long time. Is that in here? Probably not. Michael calls Tommy number 75. Yeah, it isn't there. I'm going to play that moment here. I love that. What about favorites? It is the one at the all time favorites. Even Greg was saying, when are you going to play that again? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 5, 6, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line. WQAM. Pretty good. I'm pretty good. I'm pretty quick. If I decoded that, I encrypted the comment. If I didn't have it in a little while ago, I think I'll be one of those people that you'll be a positive. That way, the minute. Encoded the camera was who Greg? No, do you have him with that? That's Carlos and that for George, right? Yeah. But you were saying that if you owe people an apology for the people who I guess went to know about 9 or 11 or a few days in. Oh, I apologize. Oh, you did a positive? No, no, I apologize right now. Oh, okay. I mean, I'm not saying that because you really have to. I just, I don't know if I can really convince myself. I would hate to be that cynical. I don't think I believe that. But it's starting to look really nasty, you know? Especially with all this peanut stuff and everything. It's starting to look really suspicious. Because if you remember, Dick Kany called Tom Dashall and said, don't investigate. Do you remember that? Yeah. And if you look at this, and then when they put Henry Kissinger in charge of the investigation, then you knew that the rare fox was guarding a old chicken coop. Look, why still an election to get in a power and then can't go along with the plans that you had all along? Yeah, that's true. Do something normal. Everybody would be like breaking into a bank and not stealing the money. Exactly. So how could they do what they do without the people behind them? How could they do what they do? You're right. So, well, I'm not one thing, one of the things. Yes, sir. I called Modest Morning about the... What did you call him? I could call him a lot of people. Okay, an old fossil? Yeah, he made a comment just morning about the golf thing and the... The gunsters? Yeah. And he said, well, what difference would it make if the women do get the gun there? And I called him, but I didn't get a chance to make the point because he hung up on me. Of course. I was going to make the point where what difference did I inject your Robinson making in the baseball world? And what difference did the... who was the... Lee Elder? Was neither first black guy there, isn't there? In the golf world? In Auguste, Lee Elder. Yeah. So, if they went to the lead, Lee Elder in, they had to put their tail between their legs to let Tiger Woods play out there. That shows you how embarrassing this whole thing is. But again, because it's women. And because it's a bunch of blue-dose guys on a sports talk station naturally, they're pandering to that mentality. Exactly. Okay, no. We're all going to chip in and buy them all at one of those beautiful, beautiful hoods. Huh? In fact, we're going to bring him to thevert right up to Bokka to his hood. He's not going to be able to wear it with a piece of the piece. Yeah, yeah. We will have a spot on the side. Like under the cutaway of things, so we can like fit through the side. Okay. Where the muskwack in Bokka's little head off the side of the hood. It can do the muskwack rambal right down the side of his head. 560, 0560, pound 560. We got the mallons and the braids come up at 1230. You know, some mentioned that a lot because I'm really excited about it. Because I forgot. Boy, I can't be getting to tell you what an orgasmic feeling that is when you come and you find out that you're getting out of here early. I mean, some people get pissed off and feel like we're cheating. Like I'm being lazy and I used to, too bad. Yeah, until you started doing this. Then you realize, oh, thank God. Thank you, old. Yeah, good. WQAM. Yes, sir. Okay. It was a bell shot. You green your phone, green your phone. After two minutes, the hangs up those fast busy. But they suck. They suck. The best investment I didn't make was ever renewed my season tickets for the fans the last two years. And I pointed out that every game this year. You sure had a lot of company. I'll tell you that. Unbelievable. And it could not kind of do anything. So why don't we just, I don't know, get some smart bombs. It over the, what is the own beast? Okay, great. 560, 0560, pound see that. He was doing so well until I got to that. You know, he dropped the big one right to him in the middle of it. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Which of these describes you? Liberals against the 446 independent against the 400. Conservatives against the war. We got 13 of those. That's 259 out of 462th. Conservatives of Puerto the war 71. Independent support of the war 47 as 118. And liberal support of the war 20 days 140. What do I say on the first number? 118, 246 and, uh, 2, uh, whatever it is. Don't win. It's going to change again in a second anyway. Look, this is, it's a convoluted thing. Okay, if I read the whole thing, we're not going to have anybody. Lose it's just too long. It's fine as a pool. It would be like if I, I think this weekend will do that ethnic pool that we do like once a year, you know, the breakdown in demographic pool. Right. Find out if we still have anybody listening, which I doubt. But, you know, but the, and so what will be the point of reading it, you know, I'm an 18 to 24 year old male. I can't get late. Well, I would be half our audience on this station. God. Clarence would have to vote on there. The beast. What? And I want to go to the upsh truck of at the beast. We saw the picture. She was, uh, for him. She was pretty nice. Yeah. For him. For him. My mother would be pretty attractive. 567. 560 pound, 560 on the end. And I'm going to say it again. This Friday on the beast in case you missed it lost two and a half more pounds came in here for his way and on Friday. 224 and a half. Still looks like a tub. And I'm going to lay the log down and no more diary and in the food, no more excuses either because the food that since I've been back for balance for life is outstanding. I had yesterday for my like, after the hockey game and quite frankly, almost lost my appetite. But I had a spinach few silly. With the spinach few silly, uh, Sicilian, which had like mushroom and I mushroom but had like, um, olives and capers and tomatoes and cheese that of course when you put it in the microwave the cheese melted all the way through it. It was to die for. Sounds great. And I got my rubin' rafts today, which I got more than one. But nevertheless, huh? I'm doing the old Rubin' Wrap Baby. Oh, oh! That's a Rubin' ask you to those who don't know who that is. Remember Rubin' a skew? You know he started looking pretty good. And Bobby Graham bought what a great governor he was compared to what we got now. Look what we got now. Papa, Janko, look what we got. We got the bush mice there. Everybody look good. It's everybody look. There's another bush. Seriously. Hey, look at him. Everywhere you look, there's another one. I'm getting kind of scary. I always told you guys watch out for the wicked bush. Wouldn't listen to me. 26 past 11 at 560 WQR. I told you your rackies look like I've heard that nasty bush. They're all very depth of the skin. There is a new D-contamina skin lotion though. Oh yeah. And you know what that new lotion does by when a new D-contamina? I can't find it. I can't believe it. I got the old thick finger now, which is really- Oh look at that! I can't do it, Carlos. It works the lotion in the bass. Talk about anti-climactic, like five hours later he finally gets it up. Well, two late now. Two late now. Miguel's gone. Hey how many times you're at about an opportunity you didn't act you didn't grab it. And you missed out. Right like right there. Well now is what of those times. Really doesn't opportunity interrupt your life, but this one should. Interest rates have gone down even lower than before. The financial group was offering interest rate of 3.45% pretty damn good. Then they lowered it to 2.95% now rates even lower. 2.45% financing with financial group you heard right. 2.45% column to get all the information about how this works. Call financial group toll free at 1-800-940-land. How long will these low interest rates last? Probably not for a long. It's a window of opportunity. Go through that window of financial group and get an incredible low rate of just 2.45% and save yourself thousands and billions of dollars. Call financial group 1-800-940-land. What'll 2.45% financing due to those monthly payments and glad you asked? A $200,000 loan cost to only 786 bucks a month. A 100,000 loan cost to only 393 bucks a month. Do it now. Call financial group at 1-800-940-land. 1-800-940-land. The Renequil housing lender. Credit restrictions do apply. And rates are something to change without notice 5.34 APR. My life and local. We're sports radio 560-HU and UAM. It is so hard. Hola. Hello. Hola. Tell me what you're listening. Who's this to make? No, this is the wife. Tell me. I like to speak with Tommy Betoya. Hello. Tell me what you're listening. What do you mean? No. No, no. Let me talk to the devil. Please. Tommy. Tommy. Hey. Tommy. What is this? You got the phone. Oh. Hello. Tommy Betoya. Speaking, this is Michael Jackson. You lost your job. You lost your job. Oh. Hey. I didn't lose my job. I stepped down. Or sure. How are you going to paint the picture? Whatever you have to tell yourself in order to save some sort of face you do it. But you will lost your job. You know, actually it's kind of nice to hear your voice. What? Kind of nice to hear anybody's voice. What are you talking about? Michael, that is something. Can you hear that? That's my Mexican wife. Let me tell you. It was cute for maybe 5-10 minutes a day. But if I got to stay home on her every day, I'm going to go crazy. You're getting your justice, sir. Tommy Betoya, that devil. All we do is eat Mexican food. Chimmi chongas, burritos, toastinos. I got more gas and ex-sung. And you deserve to have the bloke. Oh, listen, Michael. I'll reserve it somewhere. I'll start another label. Sure you will. So you can destroy the career of other budding artists. Are we going to heavy? Yes, honey. Thank you very much. All right. Oh, cheese. If it's not chevys, it's cheese. If it's not cheese, it's what's that driving place? I don't know what you're talking about. I call it to be way too. And all I'm getting is dribbled and chimmi chongas. And minutes, I was the reason you were forced to be fired. Right, I know, because I'm very, very, very devilish. I want to live in a mess. I want to live in a mess. You live in America. All right. Hey, look, Mikey. I got to go. Okay. I got to take over the Taco Bell. Jenny. Okay. Chimmi, do you want to come with us? No, I don't want to be seen with you. You are the devil. So at this point, I am finding myself having some sympathy for you. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. All right, all right. All right. I got to go to MIT. Let me tell you something. If I were to find right now, we would have to label it would go up. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. 26 to noon at 5. 60, WCR. It's one of the all-time best. You know, we ought to do that again one of these days. And, you know, maybe tomorrow. Just a joke. It's just a joke. Anyway, National Public Radio reports that they found missiles with Seren and mustard gas. Didn't we have that on like an hour ago? Yeah. Yeah, well, that anyway, National Public Radio is saying it right now. The missiles with Seren and mustard gas already go to the use of? No. I guess it was too late. U.S. forces stormed through the bag, Dad. American tax and armoured vehicles, Robert and the bag, Dad. Today's storming Iraqi prison and Saddam Hussein's main presidential palace and destroying symbols of the Iraqi regime. Iraq offered little resistance, but later in Iraqi missile slamed into the tactical operations center for the U.S. Army second brigade of the Third Infantry Division, at least four people are including two soldiers and two more journalists were killed and 15 wounded in the strike army and the forces said, well, two more insifers dead in the separate fire fight east of Baghdad. Fighting also raids in southern Iraq where British forces increased their control over Bazaar as well as northern Iraq where coalition forces captured a key rage between Mosul and Kerkub. You did see by the way that for days that they had them, I mean, they got some of the electricity back on. No electricity in a city of five men in people, yep, and no water. But other than that and not only to mention that air that they were a given them all as men in the SEMA. Maybe they can sue somebody like Johnny Smith. Maybe John I would love to hear you back to you people know he won the lawsuit. How many times have the British said that they were in full of Bosra since they've gotten there? I think just over the weekend. But third man. Yeah. Here's the fact that says Bush has convinced that he is the Messiah. After he delivers the promised land, he figures he'll be at least get the title of profit, but the problem with his fax is they spelled profit with a pH. No, it's not the profit with a pH that they're all worried about. It's the profit with a PRO-FIT. FIT, which is what we're having as a fit. And I've spoken to many people in the building already. Many. But third man. Who saw those pictures of that family and Baghdad? And they don't quite get the idea that they're good friends. That this is their idea of liberation. They're scared, crapless. Did you notice the red cross at the hospitals are getting so baraged with wounded and dead? That they can't even keep track anymore and Baghdad? Yes. They can't even count a number anymore. They stop counting. It's up trying. Right. And of course, you know the response from these good right wingers, and these good goose stepers out there. That's just right wingers. Goose stepers. And all fairness to the right wingers. They got a lot of company. We got to get that before they get us. Brilliant. We're here to leverage you. But we're going to get you before you get us. Huh? What? Let's see. Here's a fact that says why couldn't Iran at that span? That's bad. But you do have a good point. I want to read it on here. Then I told Carlos, I agree with it. But it's just in very poor place. Then I'll put that in here. Hello. Then here's one that says, WWJD, what would George do? That's not bad. I like it. He wanted to start his own religion. I think when he comes back. Oh, George. We can maybe turn him on to that. And George thinks he's the Messiah. I mean, put me sure does. No, our George. Let's see. Mad dog Howard David and guilty already making excuses for the offense because of their schedule. Oh, man. Oh, making excuses in April because they got a schedule. You get your schedule based on where you finish. But they in December, we have to go over there. The NFL hates us. Oh, starting to sound like Wayne Gretzky. Out of whole world hates Canada. They want to lose the whole world. Wouldn't know where Canada was on a map if he gave him guy to him 15 donuts from Tim Hortens. And a hockey puck and a stone from the curling match. Ah, we sure miss our good friend, Sand Rush Merler, the Canadian Curler, Western Peace. You know, she died? No. No, yeah, like the year to ago. The great Canadian Curler, Sand Rush Merler. No, I remember the name. 10. Cancer. Western Peace. She died. Then it also says, your two new sports days in the beginning of West Palm Beach, goodbye morning show. Wow. Where is the crow? And he was gone. Thank you so much. Well, covered all the bases there, playing a little small ball. Then here's one. It's got a bunch of quotes from Hermon Geary. Well, we know that one. He said about how nobody wants to go to works of countries because people, he said, why would some poor slob on a farm on a risk is life in a war when the best you can get out of it is to come back to his farm in one piece. And whoever was the guy that was doing this interview, it says that the guy's name was Gilbert. Was interviewing Hermon Geary? Good match. It says there's one difference I've put it out. Lady Macres see the people of Sam C that matter through their elected representatives,and the US-owned congress can declare wars, and Geary says oh that's all well in good, but a Volksert Novois, the people can not always be bought, brought to the bidding of the leaders. That's easy. I'll have to know he was telling her being attacked and denounced the pacifist for lack of patriotism and exposing him to pblica IRA to danger. It works in the same way in any country. He said, Hermon Geary, had he liked that? You understand? Stop both seems to havequelle in every way. The leak had to put it. He could't repeat it, I definitely not. We need more facts written here on them. I don't want to put a lot of pressure on you, but we need lots of, and you can bring that copy in here too. Don't give me that look like, you know, I'll take it right now. Whatever you've got, I'll take it. It's a very informal show. Just bring it on and give me some facts paper while you're at it. This is the same crappy already gave me. Isn't it? Oh, this is from Todd Drek. Facts paper. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. By the way, Greg was in here for a little while. He said, that's what he said. Chris, he always says that. One, he told noon at 5, 60, WQM. We got that big Marlins game coming up, baby, 12, 30, the pregame show. Speaking of the crow. I think the crow in the morning show would be a big improvement. How do you mention it, you know? 5, 6, 7. Oh, 8, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, I get a little chuckle out of that. I get more laughs out of just that little drop in there than I do out of that whole Mosho. Hell yeah, hold me. Yeah, call me homey, call me homeo. I mean. I got your crow by the time I hear homeboy. Oh, you'll have to play a bunch of crows stuff. I liked that. Yeah, for like, till the ball game is it kind of a warm up to the pregame show, the pre-pregame show, the four play show. How's that pull coming here, one, and oh, why did it just to many numbers? We don't have time. Twenty-till noon at 5, 60, see what a good mood I mean, who would George isn't here? Oh, I feel so much better. I mean, what? You could say, no, we just, we just, I don't know. He's, I'm not going to appreciate all the things he does. I can't think of any at the moment. But it's just that there's something about him. I'm, I'm trying to figure out in my mind what it is because he's such a hard ass, because he's got to the point where he's got a big ego now, a very thin skin, talks too much, interrupts me incessantly, and just, but other than that, plus, I mean, just cannot get laid to save his life. And it's just, every time he does the show, he takes over to hold God the empty thing to try to get himself laid, or at least just a sniff, you know. What do you really think? He's okay. 19 till known at 560, but he killed their few things worse than going off for refreshing swimming your beautiful pool in the yard, and then you'll look into pool and you realize it's a nightmare. It's stained. It's dirty. Maybe you've got a big crack in it and you're pooled too. Don't look at that mess anymore, just say no, Mo ugly pool and call our good friends at Atlantic Marseille. And let me say it again. These guys are just a couple of guys who have a pickup truck and run a so-called pool service out of the back with a fishnet. They're real construction companies who use full-time employees, not some contractors. Atlantic Marseille specializes in the most incredible innovation at the pool business, Diamond Bright. Atlantic Marseille's been pouring it on for 12 years. Their license, their insured professionals, they even train other companies internationally how to do Diamond Brighting right. And the good news for you is they'll give you the same price to give to the contractors. So all the way around they are unfetable. They serve North Miami, Browden, Palm Beach County, so-called Atlantic Marseille. They're the biggest installers of Diamond Bright in New World Town. They'll come out to you and give you a free estimate. They also perform pool and decorations, custom lighting, pool heating, exotic water features too. The University of Atlantic Marseille, Tulfree, 1-800-5588883. That's 1-800-5588883 Diamond Bright doing right because Diamond Bright is a pool's best friend. And look, this is 4-2056, 2-way. Oh god, Neil. Serve in a slow start, uh, slippery finger. Not with the finger, not with the finger. Sorry. Why the kiss? We do all this. Now, we're the chavit, so this marines. You have to let those missiles drop. With a heavy artillery. We've got to shoot and never stop. We'll have to talk the big attack. Sheldon will the bag that fell. And when I thought you started taking him, we had a running for the hills. Do you recognize the ol' like it? Shocking on, on, on, on, on. The Iraqis know what I did. Shocking on, on, on, on. By all of the president, we move on to surround. And generate explosions. To confuse and to confound. The other side tactics. To stop us with their human shields. Thought our mission will be finished again. Until we steal the royal face. Do you recognize the ol' like it? Shocking on, on, on, on. Shocking on, on, on. Shocking on, on, on. I'm 46 and 560 WQM happy Monday too. Just put a big smile on your purse. A push? Cheryl Seals got a great calm. Somebody just thanks to me here. Look at that. Against the tide. Marching on Babylon. Bush's religious fanatics. I might have to just read this. You think I'll read a bedtime story? I just might do it. It's great. Then we'll put it on the website. Sometimes over the top. But actually she's like I said great. She is great. And I'll tell you who's not great. Greg Coates, you and any agree. At least you're consistent. You were more on and Harold. The Harold has got the worst crap. If I had a bird which I don't. Oh my God, by the way, put together real heavy package for our hot couple's contest. You got to put together? He's working on. He's including a trip to the Bahamas with Doreen. He just bit his tongue so hard. Look at that. Squirts. Squirted all over the room. I've been waiting for that for a long time. Patients. It's a taller and Greg Coates. You know, this is such a cock. You know, how much more paste that they supposed to be, Greg. And then he goes on to say it was fan appreciation. They meaning yesterday at the macaroon. Oops. I mean fan. Oh, an isolation. They said the sunrise I mean it was sold out. They said despite it being half filled. It was not half filled. I was there. The place was packed. Who those people who I have no idea. But they paid for the tickets. I mean, why do you have to lie? Why do you have to make stuff up, Greg? It's been a dismal year for the Panthers. They suck. Okay. The whole thing has got to hell in a hand basket. They've, uh, gutted the team. They have no veterans on her. Except a few stiffs. So are retiring now. Thank God. But that's it. But it was half empty. Wrong. Wrong. Greg. Greg Coates. Man at the mommy here. There's only one thing. You can say about him to be actually on it. To be honest with it. How did that come out in our pool? He's an asshole. That's right. Major, major oozing, piece of terror, Greg Coates. Anybody who was there with me yesterday, the place was packed. Jampag, that doesn't mean it was entertaining. And of course, once they'd fill it off, you fizzed go in and there, a lot of us flew out of there. Just flew out of that place like we're blown up. I got in Bezuka. Right. Like they were throwing like we'd find a cluster bomb like under the seat. Oops. Sorry. Time to leave. Anyway. But there's a lot of stuff coming down this fast machine. You must have brought me in a piece of coffee. The same piece of crap that Todd record and before here. Hey, Todd. Right. A real piece of coffee. Okay. Instead of going back to the old file and recycling the same turret over and over again. You idiot. Oh, yes. Got a couple of different numbers in there. I forgot. You. Oh. Go. When you see him in a hall step on him for me. Would you please? I'll take good aim. But just step on him. Todd. Dreck. Oh, shoes. I don't want to go to the table. But that's right. No, that's where you catch from that thing. Anyway, so lemme tell NoonaQM. Here's Cheryl C.A.L. writes, You're gonna be rude to press when you hear this. Don't let him bug you. Okay, because this is very important. Dull to him, come in here. He's probably to probably speak it in Spanish. Do you know how to say this? Okay. Yeah, yeah, right. K is exactly right. Just this one time, K. I'll let you ask me about my business. Well, let's play some godfather drops. here. Sheryl seal, where is this from? Which thing is this from? Oh, the news inside it. That's a good. You know, I don't know why more people don't read that website. Have you ever seen the polls they taken and got like 100 votes? Right. I don't get that either. It's a great website. But anyway, she says Bush's obsession with attacking Iraq has been attributed to oil to family vendetta due to his father's confrontation with Saddam and with O'Resella's terrorist fighting efforts. However, what really lies beneath this obsession is a religious delusion, one shared a last by many of his government appointees including John Ashcroft, they devout Pentecostal. Bush, like Ashcroft, believes in his in fact trying to ensure that the world is in the end times, called for by the biblical book of Revelation, at least is interpreted by the Doom Sayers, who are generally barely functional, clinically classical paranoid schizophrenia, parabits and being a prime example. Early Graham Bush is much-touled in mentor believes Armageddon is at hand and is helped to fuel Bush's Messianic complexes they bless it later of the righteous in the end times. You can see that Messianic complex so clearly in Bush is often an appropriately wrapped risk expression and grandiose body language. In this fantasy scenario, following a mighty battle in the region, the faithful of Pinported is Iraq, about 144,000 good Christians will be sucked up in heaven while the rest are left to fry in a horrific conflagration. The support Bush you shown is real isn't because of his pro-duos sentiments, it's because the end times prescription calls for Jews to be in complete control of all of his real at the time of the big event. But according to the Fanatics nasty little scenario, the joke will be on the Jews will be left to burn with everybody else, aside from a few last-minute converts to Christianity. Sharon playing a painfully aware of Bush's obsession is taking full advantage of it, he just asked when he's expected to be granted up to $10 billion more to help secure Israel and by warplanes to help secure Babylon. In the Fanatics scenario, Iraq plays a special central role as Babylon embodying the false religion and the empire of the anti-Christ in the end times. Here is a blurb for a book plugged by the Bible prophecy in the Raptor report to two Babylon's authored by the late Reverend Alexander Hishlop. An excellent source of information regarding the beliefs and rituals of the ancient Babylonian cult that will dominate the empire of the anti-Christ just as it dominated the major world empire in the Roman Catholic Church. The Roman Catholic Church, by the way, is targeted for the wrath and vilification of the righteous raptor as to condemn it as a false religion. I doubt if it's any coincidence that since Bush has been in the office, the media has aggressively and relentlessly gone after the Catholic Church, finding the pedophile priest originally will modern witch hunt, not enough. While failing to investigate or expose similar allegations, chronically being made by members of other denominations for such abuse may be just as rampant or even worse. Bush's mentor Billy Graham, as he grew an international fame, became very adept at appearing far more non-finaticly than he truly is in order to draw bigger audience in a bigger bank account. Yet, Graham attended Bob Jones University and for some time is on record making anti-Semitic comments in phone conversations with Richard Nixon, and in 1948 declared the three gravest menaces faced by Orthodox Christianity are communism, Roman Catholicism, and Mohammedanism. In reality, Graham is still very much of a fanatic promoting the end-time zealously, here's a quote from his website. The Bible plainly forecast the coming of yet another great war. It'll be a war to eclipse anything the world has ever seen. It will embrace most of the nations of the world, and its focal point will be the Middle East. Where the armies of the world will someday deploy themselves, set a regular amount, make it make it a mega-low, whatever the hell I did. The great war has been called the Battle of Armageddon, in the midst of this tear, see if George was here, he'd know. Miquito. That's not a good example. It's not espionial. In the midst of this terrifying war that could destroy civilization in the Lord Jesus Christ, I'm sorry, I wasn't ready for that, like I said. In the middle of this, the Lord, come on, my Lord, I don't have all day here, the Lord. Jesus Christ. Low return to his earth in glory and power to the generations of the world and self as homerlogists kingdom. The script you described is this great battle in the 16 chapter of the book of Revelation. The 16-joo will probe his vile upon the great Ufraities. Squirtch Court. Sounds vile to me. We're told that the waters of the Ufraities are will be dried up, that the way of the kings in the East might be prepared. The dry riverbed will permit unenhended passage of the Great Armageddon East to the scene of the battle. Unclean spirits, demons, will go out into the world to the kings of the earth to gather them into the battle of that great day battle mighty. Oh. This passage is terrifying because if you use this scenario as Vush's real context for the rack war it fits so well. It explains that total refusal to listen to any sort of reason to the please of traditional ally to the protest of millions, who cares if millions protest if you're fighting evil to whiz led by the anti-Christ in the end times in or anyway. Billy Graham has been described by followers and possibly by himself as the second coming of John the Baptist. If so, then Vush got help us all, is being seen by fanatics as the second coming of Christ, who is now in the process of setting up his own glorious kingdom. Jesus Christ, that I've version of water from the Ufraities, a river that runs across southern Iraq, seems to play a big role in this prophecy. Don't be surprised if hear the Pentagon issuing a demand that I've heard or pump water out of the Ufraities, if this happens it will certainly be an ominous signal the loony's are advancing their cause. It's not stretching too far to wonder if a good part of the reason Vush allowed embedded reporters in Iraq was because he wanted the glory he assumed was imminent to be witnessed and recorded his triumphal entry into Babylon. Hillary should be recalled, always had the press on hand, record his triumphal entries in the France poll, etc. It's telling that Vush has granted some of the coveted and veterinary reporters spots to ultra-right wing Christian outfits, including Pat Robertson's Christian broadcasting network. Robertson is one of the most delusional rapturous to round. I'm sure he wanted to make CBN was in on the glorious unfolding of biblical prophecy, because the mainstream media are unquestionably supporting Vush, they're released by default supporting his insane fundamentalist motivations. Check out this religious fanatic site. You'll see that they proudly list their selected network information, CNN, FoxNMS and B.C. You'll also notice to the right of the page, Iraq and biblical prophecy as an omg in the rapture is the subject of the popular, funny literature. What is the website? Is it the CBN website probably? Oh, could be. It seems totally unreal that our nation and the rest of the world are being dragged through here and hopefully back again by a band of religious fanatics who have insisted through sheer force and relentless intimidation that the world stage be yielded to them so they can play out their fantasies in everybody else's expense. In any case, as the Iraqi conflict unfolds, we non-illusional folks see thousands of young tired, scared, and hungry soldiers struggling through the desert. Vush in his band of fanatics mean, while he gods end times army marching to glory, past the ruins of Babylon. You know what I can say to that? Oh, that's all I can say. Scary, scary. I prefer to think that maybe she's just wrong and maybe it's really more about money. I hope that. Yeah. These are also. That's right. Let's hope that all that stuff about money and about big business and their revenue hands together with Glee and Halle Burton and all that other stuff. Let's hope that that's true. Because it sure beats the alternative. Four minutes till noon at 5.60, Jesus Christ, I'm in your Q.I.N. They're Steve Goldstein, but you can call me, Gelsie. Whenever I'm in town, I listen to, wait a minute, I am in town. It's the 12th of one hour. That. We'll come back to the superfluous tunneling with some of the Mohauna David at home. We got the three quarters on power rotation for you, Perusil. Hey, Moha! What? The speed and I'm feet about hokey. We got special tests today. No one's allowed in here, but they bring food for their king. Good, good, good. To lay, sack already fucked them. Oh, I am. Who the hell are these Moza Moos? That's the written sun. You know, strike home with us today. Go, tell me. I never heard of you, but... Well, I wonder why. Well, what do you do? You got an act? Yeah. Exactly. Like what? We spend the wheel. Wherever the wheel stops, we grab me off of it. We slam it and you name it. What's funny about that? Well, you got a point there. What can you just ask me a question? You ready to put your head into toilet bowl? Yeah. You do that funny, huh? Well, I got news for you, Paul. You folks think of the precipice and getting fired at it right now. Get out of my place of business. No. I don't write something. I give you one more chance to show me what you got. I hope this isn't really funny because I got a really full bladder. All right. These were things that probably adults would know. They're like old sayings that I want you to fill in the blank. You know how to do that? Yeah. Here we go. The bigger they are, the harder they get to do. Yeah. What are you doing? Please. Did I get payments clearance to give you payments to laugh? How dare you laugh at the ride, all right? I don't even care anymore. Hey, don't be whole my green pig. Okay. What are you looking at? Freckle face, Sammy. And you guys got a condo. That's condo, mo. What up? Yeah, I do. I mean, I don't such does. Fine. And I might as well one is I didn't push today. Okay. I'm just a spinnier meat reconcile. A spinnier meat, ricken, let's do it. Oh. Oh. Oh, gana. Oh, what's the matter? I was shooting first. Oh, see, I told you it's not my day. Oh, so embarrassed. There's no way I can do it. I'm just a little bit too hungry. What a funny okay. It's not right in Belarus. Okay. Oh, clean up. Come on to a five, 60, WCM boy. We got a sure half hour here, a better rush. And I lost it this man when I was being asked to say about Jesus. So what you got? Yeah, holy crap. I think the antichrist must be around somewhere. In fact, I think it was in her little while ago. That's a power of Christ who tells you the power of Christ who tells you. I know we got to have that this. You know, if I can't find that, we can't continue with the show. Do you believe that? Yeah, because it's used anyway. Let's go. Oh, seriously, that's one of the early on. I was going to even use that today. It's just disappeared. It vanished in the middle of the near, Bokobrine. Sure. It's not the player, right? It's in the player. Wait, but it's in the player, but it's not on any number. You see what I'm saying? Oh, so you're right. Uh-oh. Well, let's see if it's going to work. Maybe we have another function of the junction. Male function. Let's see if it plays. I am proud, Yelianna. Russian laden. And I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from jewels. And listening to the near. Okay. I'm going to use the hour. Check out. All right. There you go. Tony was in the player. I know if we're looking there in a million years. Because it just had the two dots here like the thing was empty, you know? That's why when you're looking for something, it's looking at least likely placed. Maybe in somebody's vacuum. Which in these describes you, we asked on thearages.com. Look at that number. 5, 5, 5, oh, oh. You see this is tied together? That's a horror. I'm trying to kill the track. I bet you're another half-hour. If that first number is 6, we're in deep crap. Good thing to Marlingeems on. Liberal against the war 173. Independent against the war 13. Oh, sorry. Conservative in support of the war 79. Independent support of the war 58. Are you writing these down? Take on. Well, do it. You're an idiot. 17414 is 288. In support. Independent support of the war not on the see. I can't do it against. So. 305 out of 557 against the war. Got it? In support 79. Conservatives. 58 the independence. That's 137. And Liberal's 32. 169, right? See, there it is again. You're making that up? No, I'm not. So 305 to 169. Undersided. 20 independence. 17 liberals and two conservatives. So that's like 39. And then we got a bunch of 43 people don't give a shmit about any of it. They don't care about politics about the war. They just want to live their lives. They want to go out and get laid. That's what they want. They want some good weed. Go out and get laid. That's it. That's what muffs said. Now, what did I just do with that other very important story? The one in Hawaii never got to, all over it's from Friday, but we never talking about it on the year. This is a great story. Speaking of religious nuts. Army Chaplain offers baptism and bats, whether you want one or not. Can't push master Iraq. This was in the Harold. In this dry desert world near in the Jamf or Army of E.Core combat support systems, sprawls across miles of Scabber's dust. Oh, don't you like that phrase? Scabber's dust. There's an oasis of sorts, a 500 gallon pool of pristine cool water. It belongs to Army Chaplain, Josh Iyano of Houston, who sees the water shortage, which has kept thousands of filthy soldiers from bathing for weeks as an opportunity. It's simple. They want water. I have it as long as they'd read it. It baptize, he said. And agree they do. Every day soldiers take the plunge for the Lord and come up clean for the first time in weeks. They do appear physically and spiritually cleansed. Iyano said. So in other words, every time they want to take a bath, every 10 of them want to clean up a little bit. They got to go in there and do a thing for... Jesus Christ. First though, the soldiers have to go to one of Iyano's hour and a half sermons in his dirt floor tent. Then the bat is in takes an hour and a quarter from the Bible. Ah! Regardless of their motos Iyano said, I get the chance to take them closer to the Lord. Jesus Christ. A blue eye 32 year old in the abundance of energy. Yannagos that every day to draw up grimy soldiers for his pool. Who needs a bath that bad? Well, maybe he wants to give them a bath. Real bad. It's the Army Chaplain, you know. He talks to truck drivers. Ah! Tank drivers. Computer specialists. Anyone and everyone. He goes out to the combat zone of the fighting soldiers. And the combat support soldiers who keep them in supplies. You have to be aggressive to help people find themselves in God. He says Jesus Christ. He calls himself a southern Baptist evangelist and justifies the war in killing with a verse from the gospel of Matthew, which he often recites. Give unto the Caesar the things that are Caesar's and unto God the things that are God's. This means we are called upon by our government to fight and that is giving unto Caesar as the Bible tells us. What? You followed that? No. That verse meant taxes, but... Now, are you interfering again? Sorry. Earlier this week, Word went out to the portable showers. The portable showers might be installed here soon, but Yana was undawnded. There is no fruit out here, and I have a stash of raisins, use boxes, and fruit rolls to pull out. He said, so when and that he's going to pull out his fruit and tempt him, he's got Word of Bible. Yeah, that's right. If the water don't do it, then the fruit will. How about you? There's a little bit of fruit out there, and then as it catch my drift. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Marlins in the Braves, 1230 pre-game. And we're pretty pumped up and fired up about that. How about you QAM? I don't know. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. How about you QAM? I see that was one of those things. So that's the end of our calls on screenless here. You'll want to know why because all morning long, I've been bitching about that. Dan Braves in Marlin game, I haven't prone to it. We're doing screenless. There's not a single call on the board on screenless. That's impossible. After all this heavy duty crap, see they just race away. They don't want to be, you know, it's like SARS. They want to cleanse themselves talking about taking a bat. They want to like scrub with soap and out of the, so they get away from that Marlin baseball game, especially that Dave N. Boring. Oh, he is so unbelievable. You know where he ought to go up and away with the fifth dimension, or maybe into the fifth dimension, he's terming. WQAM? Hi, yes, this is a show. Yes, man. Hi, yeah. I wanted to ask that from the added to the poll today. Okay. Go ahead. That people who are against the war, but in support of our troops. Well, that's everybody. Everybody's against it. We're also part of the troops. That's a couple of seconds. No, no, it is. I don't know why you're laughing. Everybody supports the troops, whether you're for the war against our whole. Well, I hope so too, but I don't know. We have to have people sign up on the, on the cheese, especially people who are in the war, they really need to be against the war, but for the troops, there is a difference. I think you would be saying, you didn't know you didn't express it, where at the first time for the troops, but against the war. Okay, well, that's a good one. Exactly. Okay, thanks. Okay, do we need to put that on there? No. No, because I think it's redundant. I do understand what you say. We don't need to put that on there. There'll be a lot of work for Eric. And Eric is against a lot of work. No, no, no, don't do it, Eric. And just a joke, don't get up tighter. Oh, my God, he almost took the neck, I didn't chicken burrito. From the director of Girls Gone Wild. She is the wild wild action. It's Amish gone wild. Joshua, you may observe my ankles. Oh, you are crazy, girl. Under my dress, I am very lazy, Hosing. Up you gone wild? Well, wild, I tell you, you're wild. Amish gone wild. Check out my rap. You have a beautiful rock. May I touch it? Have you ever seen a nicest scene? A nicest spy shot? I think I close gun wild over here. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. Well, 14th. Good. Thank you, Laura, that I, uh, caught a look in the machine to find that disc. No, it doesn't matter. You know, it's when you like, uh, a CD like that. You know that it's around somewhere. And you say they couldn't disappear the dog to need it. And you know what depends length, then you can't find it. Arms like, sorry. It says what publication was the article by Bill Orrriley published. And I think many say it was in a Harold on Saturday. But I think if we go to the Fox website, do so very carefully, by the way. Uh, and the Bill Orrriley thing on a Fox website, he's got all of his recent columns. PS, I wish you to move the account down to your retire from your website. No. It is so depressing. I thought it was kind of uplifting. Well, it's depressing. That's so long. Please don't ever retire. And the city needs you. Thanks again for a great show. I helped anyone from the public with the truth. Please don't ever retire as well. Linda, I hate to break the news here. I think this is it today. Carlos is going to be doing a show tomorrow with Miguel. And that's fun, you will. Why you know, see ethnic wave of the future? And so for an old speaking race, speaking of punny, I'm speaking of punny. WQAM. Yes sir. I'm trying to reach the new Roger. You're speaking to him sir. Let me say it again. Don't wait for the later catch. We'll be here the next circle. Okay. Go on Neil. Yes sir. How are you doing? I'm doing okay. How are you doing? Good. Thank you. I wanted to call in defense of the military. Oh, no, a splurge would never be there. Good information from. Well, it's not them sir. Go ahead. I'm sorry. Go ahead. In defense of because. You can't say because of one. He's hiding those people in those houses. There's a reason why they have to go in there like that. And I looked at that and I thought, yeah, yeah, it was sad because. Sir, do you think, wait, wait. What do you think that once those people came outside, there was necessary, the, the, the wife and the little children that was necessary for them to sit there on a ground where their hands behind her back, aiming their rifles if them over the people trembling like they were about to lose their lives, which I'm sure they believe they did or thought. What does that, is that? That's the way they run this, this war and date of the day. Who's the, who's the, sir, there are five million people in Baghdad. Are we going to go house to house and terrorize every family? Is that the idea? Maybe that's maybe that's the only way we can go. Well, you know, something that's one more reason we should have been there in the first place, OK. There's a great reason why we should have been there in the first place. Wars of liberation now and not supposed to be wars of terrorism. I thought we were supposed to be against terrorism. I'm sorry. Unless we're the ones that are doing it. Unless we're doing the terrorizing, which was at that shock and all was supposed to be all about in the first place. We're going to terrorize them. And of course, you can't, you can't do it surgically. You can't just terrorize the military and like all the population, all the poor slippers of it, or whatever, just want to live their lives and be left alone. And they're like, hey, this is great. You know, they're more of that way. How would you like to be one of those five million people living in Baghdad with the light school out intermittently with all the, with the mung in the air that's just got to be unbelievable. More splurses over Baghdad, by the way, right now as we speak. So we are looking either at the special Republican guards inside the Fennel and inside the city, because the standard Republican guards are outside in the suburbs. Well, the real Republican guard, please stand up if you can. How'd you like to be one of those people with the endless bombing night after night after night after night? We keep reading in history books about the poor people in England, who had us survive the relentless bombing by the Nazis night after night after night. And those were our allies. The good guys weren't doing the bombing in those days. They supposed to be good guys. The non-evil doers. Anyway, Mark Faxes and says, I heard your apology while I didn't make a full apology. I said, I'm thinking about a Mark about that nine-level thing. He says, personally, I consider it unlikely, although not impossible, that the Bush administration participated in perpetrating nine-level, although certainly as president for the West government considering such tactics in the past, and of course he goes on about the odi odi odi odi operation northwards, I saw that. However, I think it's quite possible the Bush administration even more so is really intelligence knew something big was coming, and were content to have it happen to advance agenda as both foreign and domestic that would have been impossible without such a provocation. And then it goes about on about Roosevelt and Pearl Harbor, which is about everybody knows that. Okay, Mark. Well, I'm still evaluating. Okay. I hope I'm wrong. I don't want to be that cynical. I hope I'm wrong on both counts. But it's sure there are so many things going on, especially the fact that for a year and a half now, despite the fact that we're being having the crap scared out of us with orange lords and Michelin, there's nothing has happened. Nothing. There hasn't been one teeny tiny active terrorism since 9-11 in this country. There hasn't been a suicide bombing. There hasn't been anything. We got Cuban people coming up hijack and planes in both cities. Of course, that's old stuff. That's because we've got that whole-man security pump. Right. But there hasn't been one single active terrorism in the last year and a half. No matter how much. Oh, I guess who I saw in PBS yesterday with the McLuckland, eh, with John McLaughlin. Father McLaughlin, sorry. Tommy Thompson, the old cheesehead. Yeah. He was talking about SARS and about this and about that. And he won't run for Senate and Wisconsin. And the McLuckland was egging him out about. He's got a knockout for a spine goal. And I don't think so. I don't forget he drank water out of a creek. He was an author as he got. Yeah, when he goes on and says, don't get too worried about SARS right away. I crawl into the bed. Whatever, Tommy Thompson says, jump. I'd delay that one real fast. I'd flopped on on, crawling the bed. What an idiot. How tell you boy, this guy's sure surrounded him with a bunch of people like give me tremendous confidence. Tommy Thompson, Tom Ridge, got the personality of a dead man. Even my little dog's got more personality. He's been dead for a couple of months. Tom Ridge, the sea inspiration or what? And then he's making jokes about the duct tape and the visc Queen. After everybody like laughed him off the goddamn stage. Making jokes about it. Wow, keep saving for next time. Save it for next time. God, Almighty, these are the people who are leading us. These are our leaders. And you wonder why we got how many percent on here? 7.7% don't give a Schmidt about any of this. Who can blame him? Maybe they're the smart ones. They're just out there having a good time like the yellow. They're just out there trying to get laid two, three times an hour. The reen says how about three and he said, uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Who-who. Wow. You said it'll be a cold, cold day in hell when that happens. It's to be like a goddamn ice storm at the Arctic Circle when that happens. 21 past no but she hates mo. 21 past no but a QMR. We're working on that thing and we're getting that thing going. Is that something else? Some of the scambie guys everyone's eating. That's something else. Which is your idea. Oh no forget Treasure Island this is going on this week without George. This is a first isn't it? I think the first for me. First time. Oh right. See it goes to show you. Guys can go out there get a little action without a little George. In fact, I'm probably we better off he won't be. He won't be jumping in a way, you know. Stick in his little head in there so to speak. So you and the girl and who else, Boca Brian, I bet you'll show up. Probably. Boca Brian probably fat boy will be there. He's going to be doing an amazing thing with that new can. He's got. 21 past noon at 5.60 WQM. There's something really any else. Gippy said he was going to get me some more my blood pressure. Olimid. While I was here did he get a forming. Skippy, you know, you talk a good game. You're another loser in our sales department. Too much comedy with that screw and bitch. And by the way, she's still. Passed out stone cold drunk on the floor back there. Five. How was that game? Was week ago today. Wasn't it a whole week they've been trying to revive that bitch. Can't do it. Anyway, if you want to revive your health. Here's a great product for you. Olimid. The stuff really works. The inszed, soft deals are easy to catch out. It contains Farmond, Citadel ile suit. Great olive oil ,obst. Not just ordinary pedestrian olive oil. But to have at steepers, that is super concentrated. And loaded with help benefits for ya. Olimid Euryday can not produce the risk of heart disease in a high cholesterol, plus. There are 14 different olium and formulas to choose from. Each one containing Farmond's system. This is my request to  Pants for you. and sell Q10 for your heart. Oli-Met is becoming more and more popular every day, so more and more stores be caring. You can pick it up at publics, echrets, wall greens, whole food markets, Navarro's and Sedano's, get what that's gippie, or order it online if you like Oli-Met America.com. If you want more information about the Oli-Met products and what they can do for you, call tool free, 1-866 Oli-O-Med. That's 1-866-653663 pick up some Oli-O-Met today and start popping it in your push for better health. What are you doing, Oli-O-Med? You're supposed to be a 516, you AM. For the god! Coming up tonight, on Inside the Behind the True Hulleywood Celebrity Music Biography Profile Story, we take a good hard, stiff look into startup. He poured his heart out in song, telling a woman that he didn't miss her, even though he really did. Unfortunately, the woman just didn't get it. He was John Waiter. I'm innocent you're right. Looking back, I guess I should have just told her the truth, but I'm a songwriter, damn it. I had drawn to irony. John Wake was trying to make a statement by telling his then wife that he wasn't missing her. Hoping she would pick up on the ironic subtext. Sorry, but I'm a face-value kind of girl. John Wake's long-lost love. Judy Zero irony. What was a supposed to think? I told him to go f***ing self. How could she miss it? It was so damned obvious. I ain't missing you. Said you been gone. Oh, wait. It's right there. It's really saying I miss you by saying that I don't miss you. I mean, you get it wrong? Yes, yes, Mr. Wake. I get it. Hold still now. It's time for your shot. It's poetry. I was just approaching my true feelings. I guess I can't deny all of those feelings. Yes, as I see, this will make it all better, Mr. Wake. John Wake lives a quiet life in a private facility. The location of which we are not at liberty to divulge. However, we can say that. When in London, make sure to visit lovely Trafalgar Square. Ah, oh, yes, that's nice. I feel better now. Can I go back to the bright blue room now? John Wake. He ain't doing bad at all. Get it? That means he really is doing bad. It's a big, gross shopping with like a show business tonight. Uninside the behind. 26 past noon, Marlins and any of Raves come up only momentarily. Supreme Court upholds law ban in cross-burning. A divided Supreme Court upheld a state ban on cross-burning and really Monday that the history of racial intimidation tends to symbol outweighs the free-speed protection of Ku Klux-Lansman or others. A burning crosses an instrument of terror and government should have the power to stamp out or punish its use just as Sandrad don't call me Carol O'Connor Road. How do you like that? Yes, she ain't no Carol O'Connor, I guarantee that. That bitch. Okay, here's the fact that says now that it appears imminent the USA's conquest of Iraq will soon be completed. I have an idea for a poll on keeping with a true American out of an oral spirit to bring Iraq's populace into the 21st century. Let's decide what American franchise or business should be the first established in our Iraq. McDonald's, Burger King, Cleveland Clinic. Oh my god. Neil Rogers show. The more Howard David did show. Treasure Island. And the list goes on. I do you like that. Well. Yo J. Oh, we got the ball game. Everybody tunes in. They don't go right in a way because they know this UB Hillon is coming up at the end of the year. So, for the second way is to send that great Marlins and Braids game. Baby Finals score. Marlins 172. Graves, Auburn, 69. So you did it again. Thank you. I'm a fan of you and his money. I'm a big big star. I'm a big star. We have this little lady. Yo, yo, yo, yo. This is good to come. Right. The link. Yes. So, forget. Hank from Shula's right after Marlins baseball. And you got to her cool in hotline in Tula's at seven. Well, Lando Alzighiri, the big. Oh. At Tula's at ten. Eddie K. from G.A. Who had a sterling show from Gulfstream. I'm a pride. But that was entertaining. And then now it's your mark overnight. You be Ellen. You be Ellen. You be Ellen. You be. You be. You want one ticket. You be. You be. You. One rose seed. Lead for your name. We're the end. But that's by feet. Game's about the start. You can't stop one. Two for feet. And you find a way. You don't. You can't stop. You can't stop. You can't stop. You can't stop. You can't stop. You can't stop. You be. You be. Hey Randy Mower. Just when we thought you couldn't get any more ridiculous. You be. You be. You be. You be. You be. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You.