Welcome back, Joe. It's the old Mōjo again. Mōjo, Jo and Mō together again. Pretty tight. The country we have no one to go. You can kiss my rear end. Wednesday night at 8.2 in to the new Makeover Show where five straight guys, put you up a game man who tired of living a well-green fashion conscious lifestyle. How many days did a road join you to where they fed? It's straight eye for the queer guy. Join us each week as our boys attempt to teach them manly man things real men do from the proper way to walk. You need to take bigger strides, stretch out those legs. Ouch, that hurts. To add a talk like a truck driver. Hey, dude, cake. Move it. Are lose it. That's tough enough, right? It's straight eye for the queer guy. Wednesday night at 8. Oh, do you think it broke a nail? Don't they have a corkscrew thing you'd open these beer cans? You won't want a knife. I didn't get the proof that I... I do. 10.02.5.60. WQM happy Monday. Well, I tell you, I think what we're going to start doing instead of typing up these program schedules and just make a lot of a compensal. That a good idea. Well, a talk board. Okay, just let's have a big QM chalk board. Well, here's this schedule for it. Oops, no. Okay, we asked, and this week can close out the chapter on this. I think we did too many pulls on the for our business, but you know, this was the one to kind of like close it out. Move on to another chapter. So we've come full cycle. Here we are almost exactly two years later after Greg Reed's hysterical snit that he went into. His snit fit about the first team. And here's Joe Rose back on her 8 to 10. That's going job. Oh, right. Welcome back. He was sitting there chair, don't he? Yeah, it does. I gave him a Pepsi. 1874 votes on our closing out the forlchapter poll. A lot of people pissed off, but what can I say? What's your take on the firing of Scott Perrell is what we asked? And I'm pissed. I love Perrell. 489, 26%. Greg Reed's an asshole, which we knew about upfront. 468, 24.9%. Sell them in the history of broadcasting has one man, meaning Greg Reed. One man created so much chaos inside Coses. Is there some special reason did I do that with line nine or due to that? I didn't do that. Why did you do that? Because it came up way too quick. So I figured I put him on hold. No, don't do that. That's our buddy there. That's so we look to see if he get him out of the way early. That he's done for the day. You're not using the right psychology, Miguel. Don't start throwing your way to round. Okay. Just because I raised you a couple of easy a couple of grand for our charity on Friday. No, set. Yeah. I was there during the week. And I predicted it was going to happen. As soon as I came back to town for a while, all of a sudden they're all running there. How much you want? Here's my check. Even square and that bitch. What a check. Hey, by the way, change is nothing honey. Okay. Thanks for the check. And maybe you'll save a doleger too. I'm sure you've a doleger to in your time. Anyway, Greg reads an asshole, form it in 68, 24.9%. Basically what this boiled down was about 60, 40. 60% who were pissed if we're out of fire, who were, you know, fans and 40% who don't like that. I don't care. Never listen to him. No great loss, 174. He had it coming. It was over the top, 134. The radio business blows, 121. That's the only correct. His voice nearly killed me, 112. I hated him anyway, 79. And Neil is much more vulgarly, 29 of nearly 2,000 votes, 1.5%. The one you should live so long. Neil is much more vulgar. I don't think so. I can't stop doing that though now. Yeah. That's one thing he did leave behind is that, You just can't stop doing what's he started. That's the idea. So I think what we'll do on Wednesdays instead of that one to two comedy with Sarah will just, We'll both go, like that for now. I'll show a frown noise. Check it out. Anyway, here's the first poll today. We got a pair of polls. Always good to start the week with an extra. A pair of polls. Now, yeah, I'm sure that yesterday nobody in this audience watched a CNN thing about the assassination of a JFK. You know, either you see it? No. You didn't even see the music awards thing last night. I would Brittany shaken it. I got the replay on now though. Shame on you. What is wrong with you? I didn't see it. Who do you think was responsible for the assassination of JFK? Now, this is not a poll. I'm glad we're taking the other one because, you know, that's old news. Now, what does that say? In Orlando. Hello. Orlando. The rush is back. Yeah, I know. Yeah. Yeah. Have a good time with them. Okay. Bring him some oxies. Yeah. Already talking about that last week. We're not worried about that. I already promoted it. In fact, it predicts he's going to have maybe the biggest audience of his 15 years in syndication today. Oh, when he comes back from his rehab and BS is a lot. Yeah, he's still a junkie. I already inquire a thing. Which I didn't even. I'm not even going to read it on a year. The follow-up deal about what an asshole he was. It is rehab place in Arizona. And how he kept getting up because they take turns. You know, when those joints getting up into speaking to each other. And he started to do all these political rants. Sure. And while a villain Hillary were here right now, but above all this other crap. If you just can't stop, well speaking to me, just can't stop. I got the Al Franken book I'm reading now. Now that I finished that Michael Moore do wears my country a while back. Lies and the lying liars who tell him a fair and balanced look at the right. Al Franken, it's a hoot. And I think if don't let me forget. Don't if time permits. What do you mean if I don't permit? I don't permit. Just what I said if time permits. We got a lot of fish to fry here today, Mr. We got a lot of calls to take. Look at that. There's another, you know, it's an asshole and cool. Here's more orgables. Hello. Shake it all for real. I'm right. That, in fact, what we can do for the people that are really missing for real. No, no, listen, that's a good idea. We can have people like this guy. That was a good call. Call in and do the for all voice. Sure. It's not hard to do. Shake it all. Check it out. Check it out. You know, like that. I mean, we all do it well because it's in coherent, right? Yeah. I mean, can you really do a bad? I don't think it. You can do a bad one. All the will probably get some. Yeah, we will. I thought we'd have like a whole bunch of people on there right now. Hey, the old ones going on there. Go on there. Go on there. Yeah. If you're a host. Well, it's all the crap going on and they still don't want to call. I think you're a porn. They got the trade meeting that the riots, the shit. I got a good article on that. I'm going to read trading away democracy, but that I don't know if I should read it. Because then they'll start a whole bunch of crap. Of course, even if I don't read it, they'll stay. I still don't understand why any city wants to invite that. Whole thing in there and then and say, well, we want to be the permanent headquarters. So we can always have chaos. So if any agiday is want to come in and say, and they got to close the whole county down. Basically put a week. They've counties out of business this week. With him. Sure, you already know this course. They kind of been out of business for about 23 years. But I mean, you got to be nuts. And of course, yeah, that's day county. They're nuts. People have to close down their business. People have to move up to Broward. They like do business. Shut down a county government, which is no great loss. Probably save everybody money. Anyway, here's our first poll. They did have on CNN last night. A fairly interesting not, you know, spectacular. But it was okay. A piece on the, I can't be a assassination because this year is going to be the 40th anniversary. Every year, November 22nd, they make a little bit of a deal. But because it's 40, you know, then it becomes a bigger deal. No, it's 20 was a big deal then. Not 30 man. And now this year it's 40 November 22, 1963. Now a lot of you punks were, of course, even alive and then. And of course, near you to have any clue what you're talking about on this. But it was at that point. That was the end. I don't want to sound like negative. Or like hostile or anything like that. That was the end of America, November 22nd, 1963. They don't mistake a booted. That was it. And when Eisenhower warned, as he was leaving office at the Military Industrial Complex, see, I really believe that. In fact, I got a really good story here from, what was this in the E.C. The Globe. JFK Junior's mission to solve Dad's murder. I don't let me forget this one too. I got a lot of crap. Okay. Lots of crap and so little time. All I care about is that end culture chapter. Oh, and I will in the Al Franken book. Right. That's the chapter I'm going to read chapter two and culture. It's a beautiful thing. Now watch. Maybe here's another Farell guy in line 9 because you know who this is. Here's Miami. Hello. Okay. Don't you love him. He's. You have to do it. You're right. Right. Here. It's here. Here's the poll question on poll number one. Who do you think was responsible for the assassination of JFK? We Harvey Oswald. The CIA. Lyndon Johnson. The military industrial complex. The mafia. Castro. And Cray, but don't have a clue. Don't know and don't care. And I'm a young punk. What do I know? What? Well, I mean, I love it. That's a one Miguel should vote for no by Miguel. We know which one he's going to vote for. Castro. Like if somebody's going to vote for his buddy. You got me. I was coming up the elevator this morning with somebody and they farted real bad. Castro was responsible for it. Okay. Castro were gay lovers according to the next time it rains like crazy. Castro is responsible for it. Next time you have a bad migraine headache. Guess who done it. He dealt to hell with Fidel. Am I right? Absolutely. No question about it. That's the world Miguel lives in a very sheltered little narrow world. Some fortunate. Got that nice mattress of Dalama. Chris and lovely wife. When's that kid coming? March. Mm-hmm. Oh, that's great. He's going to be a daddy. He's going to be. I puppy puppy. How about tell me about Fidel. Tell me stories about Fidel. He. Ha ha ha. Man, would it be something if the kid looks just like Castro born like with a beard and a whole thing? That's the guy with a big cigar in his post. That would really be something. I bet you are clotting me proud. And I had. Mm-hmm. He is a fashion plate. In fact, that's the only reason he was up on the stage with a probe so he could finally for once in his life. Even I'm going to do that. I'm going to sit on the stage with a probe so I look like a snappy dresser. Well, where are funny had? Okay. Like, mole? Yeah, it's a shame I missed him every day last week. I never saw the mole man. And I hear that that was the way to really he was the week to be seen. The common consensus is that he was wearing those hats because the pieces were off getting serviced. Ha ha ha ha. So I was just there about how the dog ate his weasel is untrue. That's what I heard. I heard the dog finally caught the weasel and chewed it to pieces and he had to where they silly hats to cover up his dog and a bald spot. He sent them to dry concepts. Ha ha ha ha. They drew a mole. You're hell of a guy, mole. We just love you. Not. Oh, wait, wait a minute. Where the hell is that? Oh, please don't tell me I've lost my stuff in here now. Uh-oh. Where now is it? Somebody who knows you. Oh, that's why I haven't seen that. Now I got to get conditioned because man, the way you got stuff set up in a DCS. I don't want to think about anybody. Who's not there anymore? Yeah, both Scott. Anybody named Scott had a leave. It was just one of those deals, you know. When Ferrell got fired, everybody named Scott had a go bye-bye. And that's just the way it is, right? Not like in a rulebook. Something like that, right? Anyway, come on. It's after 10 at 5, 60 WQM dolphins barely sneak by yesterday. It gets the little girls team. Patriot shot out Dallas last night and build par sells 12 to zip. These scores, the NFLers didn't really get on my nerves. Man, nine to six and a one point that builds, Rally's nine to five and nine to eight. They still want to lose anyway to a girls team. But what kind of crap is that? But the Patriots are eight and two. Nice going Tommy is still look good. And if you're working in a really crappy job, if you haven't got like two pennies to rub together, much less than Nichols that they always talk about. Here's the answer for you if you're like a new, and another great thing about last week. I never saw Todd Dreck always. Oh, wow, hell, a Lua. Oh, ramus, do you live in ram? Oh, right. If you like a new high pain career, but you don't have four long excruciating expense of years. The waste and college to give yourself some training. Here's the edgy you might be looking for. Fast train. You got nothing to lose, but you're crappy job by calling and finding out about it. Call 1-8-6-8-6 fast train. And like some people I know it's always good to have like a young other job or two. Like standard by on the fire. Fast drink and every train in certified for a high pain computer network professional career. Or a high pain medical computer specialist career in as little as four easy months. Piece of cake. You can be fully trained already for a great new career. A big fat paycheck that goes along with it in four months. So say goodbye to your crap whole boss. Say goodbye to your meaningless job and get yourself a life. Fast train offers day eating a weekend. Classes they offer your job placement assistance financially to people who qualify. And what six convenient floor to locations and four right in sound floor to there's bound to be. It just makes sense. There's probably one nearby you. Call fast train today and get yourself on a road door real life. Check them out on the web first at fast train.com. And then make that call toll-free. One eight six six fast train. Riding local year sports video five sixty two a.m. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. Jewel party Rock Jimding. change The bristles can't wait to see his ass. The sand part of it is you evidently you may own me this really great thing about where he's picking his nose with the 10 fingers. The only problem is it won't open. You clicked on the link. How about your part? It's a little thing in the subject page. It's a little picture there. You got a double click on it. No, you don't understand. It won't even come out. It won't open at all. No, your email. But it's hard. It is. I'm just, is it going to be in our website? I'm sure if you got it to Eric. It'll be in our website, right? I send it to Eric. Yes. All right. So if anybody wants to see the president picking for winners, digging for gold, there you go. This respect will, if he asks me, let's see. Here's the first flash on our pull. The thing Castro done it. In fact, Castro's only got two votes. I know Miguel was one. You got it wrong. What do you mean by that? Castro and Kennedy were gay lovers. That's the exile position. Is that what it is? Remember the exile position? Yes. Is that like do he style? Kennedy wouldn't go to the rescue. So he loves Castro and Castro loved him. 43 votes. Oh, now let's see. Who was it who told for that? We're going to have that. I read that on a trip to Cuba. Who the hell did I read that from? Oh, it's in the sarcasm. I'm going to read it forever. Get around to it. Oh, Jesus. My dumb or what? Thank you. 43 votes. Who do you think was responsible for the assassination of JFK? The CIA. A. 10. The military industrial complex, which of course is the correct answer. That was my vote. A. Yeah. That's it. The mafia's seven. I'm a young punk. What do I know for? Le Harbi Oswald. Three. L.B.J. Three. Don't know. And don't care. And for that. I'm going to be a criminal. And I'm going to be a criminal. And I'm going to be a criminal. Oh, that's the rumor from the CIA powder in the center. This. Or if we have a little havana for a little emitter in Espanol. Here's a little havana, hello. Mr. Neo Rogers. Speaking Mr. Royace. Yeah. Can I talk about scuffle road? Yeah. You know. I was thinking about when he got fired the other day. I said there was something else. You know, he was like more than a minister. I like people say. But what does that mean? Because like if he says the same thing every day. Like he's actually crazy. see how come for the for what he said that day he affected him and how about all the other times nothing happened to him. Right. Well, you understand, students he was going on behind the scenes. They had like 40 meeting. They picked you to talk about it on the year. 40 meetings every day. You know, finally, I guess you just need to point. I guess they got tired, but it was like something personal I think, you know. Was personal? I, you know, that's my opinion. In other words, it should it should have been business, but it was personal. Is that what you're saying? Yeah, it was something personal because the other day, your role was to be talking to her. And he said, like, oh, like, we're real like, like, didn't like him, you know. So in other words, Joe rose didn't like him. Maybe Joe, maybe Joe was trying to get his job. And like, it worked. He's gone, Joe. I don't know. I don't think he's saying. I think he's got Joe and Mo and he's got a more confused. I think it was military industrial complex. I think that's what it was. The CIA is responsible for how he didn't fire. Check it out. Anyway, in the globe and the table and the globe, JFK Jr. is mission to solve that murder. I should also tell you what the second poll is going to be because I'm sure we'll get like much more response on that when we get around with. After I'm through reading my 600 bedtime stories, oh, you're not going to do that. You're just because Miguel was on. I want to piss him off because he hates it. I don't really care whether you like it or not. How do you like that? I like it. You George likes it. I like it. And just because you know about his video. If you don't cast it or not, you're saying little, you know, grab barricraft. You better get with it, Miguel. Okay, you're good guy, but you're losing it. You lose in contact with reality. You lose in your grasp. I don't think he cares anymore. No, he doesn't. He's been a QM too long. Plus, you know, when you've been chased around a hallways by Doreen at many days in a row, he's not chased. Oh, she ain't either. And I'll tell you who really ain't. Rrrr! The bit's Korean. Oh, I see. Wow. One day I walked in there and I knew she was there. I didn't see her yet, but I could smell it. Oh, man, I could smell that stench in a hallway. I thought, I bet you that bit's Korean is waiting for me right outside the dough. Whenever she was with her, check. I had a high needle. Oh, no, no, that wasn't that they she had to check it. I embarrassed her into that. She was just there to meet and greet. And I said, how's Rrrr! She just smiled from here to rear. I still don't understand that whole thing about her. Her husband is sales manager, the competition. I don't get that. What's that? Huh? What's not to get? Wait, the problem we hire them over here. It's a perfect arrangement. But that's right. It's a dumping ground for all his misfits like Todd Drak and Jeff High and PDD. If you're late-aparded PDLin, Rrrr has it by the way, PDLinny wasn't too fun to Scott for Rrrr! Which we don't really care about that. We like Scott for Rrrr's matter of fact. I don't understand why he wouldn't like him. Yeah, they both have a lot in common. They both are always looking for another job. The minute they start new one, they're like, got five of their jobs on the online. I don't understand that. Is it insecurity? Is it like a mouth content? What is the deal? Self preservation, I think. No, seriously, what is that all about? Why is it that the minute you start a job? You start like putting the dealers up. I've got all these other things going on in a back burner. What is that? I guess it's like you feel like you're never going to be happy or maybe you're like a little insecure because you've been candy-hundred times. You think that might be it? I don't know. Anyway, the other movie we're going to, the other pool, say I gave it away, what's fairly obscure and I see that you're right. They're never going to get this because they're going to say, oh, how about the godfather? Right? That'll be fun. No, this is really good because most of the questions are very specific. This one is vague so it's really going to open up a can of worms. So to speak. What's fairly obscure movie that most people probably haven't seen, do you think is a must see? I think that's an excellent pool. No, I do. I got my choice on here. Okay, let's hear it. Irreversible. Your choice is irreversible? Yeah. Can't we talk you out of it? No. Oh. Irreversible. Who's in that? Monica Boulucci, some French guy. Chicochi, it's Monica Boulucci. Most extreme rape and murder scene I've ever seen. And I've seen a few. Really? Really. I've never heard of it. Listen, it dropped it by the station as a matter of fact. And hats off to him. He was right. Even more tip to Santa. Well, yeah, but his wig came off. Yeah, it's funny because Bob Schief was last night during that CNN thing. They showed him in Dallas on that day that Kennedy. Actually, it was the day that Lee Harvey Oswald got shot by Jack Ruby. They all had to wear these hats. They made the TV reporters wear these old fashion hats, you know? Because they made them look more like detectives like they really belong there. What those fedoras? Yeah, although in Dallas, I guess it didn't make any difference in those days because anybody that looked like, yeah, although Jack Ruby was more than as well, they pointed up. Oh, his bald head. Just kind of like Mo. JFK Jr's mission to solve dad's murder. To disturbing details he learned about that deadly day in Dallas. The United Part of it is nobody in the Saudi and well, and I won't say nobody. Most people don't care now because they're punks, you know? Right. They ought to care. They ought to care if they give a crap about what's going on right now. That should see, Kennedy was going to pull all the advisors out of Vietnam by January first 65. That was it. They said, oh, we don't think so. No, we don't think so. The idea you got to message like Tessio said in the godfather, and I got to message up all of my plans. Right. And so they said, but I'm being like that. But of course, Johnson was buddies with the military industrial company. He sure was. He had a lot of good to ask old buddies there. He was he was really, and then he allowed us to course his escalation of the warden Vietnam and at whole beyond. Just a coincidence, I guess. Another one of them strange historical coincidences 97 votes already. That's pretty heavy. Doody, who do you think was responsible for the assassination of JFK? We're also wanting to find out how you feel about Joe Rose being back on a to 10. When is it going to end? Is it ever going to end? Hey, Greg, when is it going to end you clown you silly person you simple to man? God is he pathetic or what? Who do you think was responsible for the assassination of John F. Kennedy? The military industrial complex 20, the CIA 20, don't know. And don't care 15. Don't you love those people? They don't know and they don't care. That was Miguel's vote. The mafia 11. Castro 8. I'm a young punk. What do I know 8? Don't have a clue six. We have a Oswald only five and LBJ four only five people really believe that Oswald will crap. Don't you believe you could have fired like 40 shots in like six seconds up there. He was at the main. Sounds reasonable. We'll see him no more. Copy that. Ruby again. Competit. Oswald's been shot. Did you see I saw that live on TV? Are you worth it? Lucky you. I'm in DC. I saw it. I was well been shot. I saw you made rip up the Pope live. Did you? Yeah, I did. I guess he had a head of his. Did he have his. Did he have his. Yeah, he's actually pretty shit in mess with that lovely dress. Twenty seven past ten at five sixty WQM on a really interesting Monday man. It's real interesting. How's that FTA? A. Speaking of interesting people, Troy from Valence for life, you really piss me off man. There's something very, very wrong with you. The guy brings in two saxophoo on Friday all week long that I eat one morsel in there. During the show. No. Good boy. The two saxophoo and who in the big oatmeal cookie. Anyway Valence for life will help you lose weight. That's a bottom line and spite of the fact that Troy is a major schmuck. The reason it'll help you lose the weight is because it's simple even the most frustrated and angry people out there who try all the other diets and fail can make this work because they do all the work for you. All you do is eat what they give you. There's no cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no calorie counting, no carb counting. Just a little black sack. And boy there's nothing like a little black sack. It's right outside you door by six a.m. Every morning at your house and work wherever you want them delivered to. It inside the sack is plenty of great delicious fresh food with three gourmet meals. Two delicious snacks to keep you full and happy and satisfied and lose that weight all day long. This is the kind of program you won't need to cheat on because like I said, there's plenty of food in there to keep you satisfied. The only choice you'll have to make is when you fill out the menu once a week. You've faxed back till with your choice. In fact, Valence for life is the only company that lets you choose between two alternatives for each meal and snack every day that you're on a program. So if you're tired of being overweight, out of shape, wearing them pup tents, lethargic, have an old energy being diabetic around the verge of it. Let Valence for life give the answer you've been looking for for all your life. You might start seeing results on those scales within just a matter of days. Here's the number to call 9-5-4-5-6-8-32-29. 9-5-4-5-6-8-32-29. Or if you want more information about their program and what's all about check them out on the web at balanceforlife.com. Now, from random thoughts publishing, if Aziosborn's new children's book on tape, mother fucking goose. Kids will love all their favorites done as only Azji can deliver, like the classic Jack Sprat. Jack Sprat could eat no fucking fat. His wife couldn't eat no leg. He'd be so beat rich and bulky she'd think fucking it could try to clean them. And the time was favorite. Three men in a tub. Robert Dobb, three men in a tub. And who do you think they be? The butcher, the biker, the candlestick, the naked cheats. What the fuck are these three men doing in a fucking tub together? I'm surprised one of them wasn't a fucking fudge-backer man. Over 100 nursery rhymes interpreted and read by the rinse of fucking darkness. Aziosborn. There wasn't a woman who lived in a shoe. What the fuck is she doing living in a shoe? This makes no sense at all. Saran! Saran! Mother fucking goose. The new children's book on tape. Only from random thoughts publishing. 1033-56-DWC. You know, when you click on this thing on a website because you're a scutted honor, but now it's got to download it. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Right, well it's a video. Oh, it's a video? Oh yeah. Oh, because I'm trying to tell you. Oh, I can't wait to see this. It's not just this finger up as nose. Right. Really passionately digging in there with every finger and some of the fingers of the people around him. Well, maybe he's looking for answers. Maybe he's digging for solutions. Anyway, here's what before we did that article. Here's a lady in Hollywood. Hi, is that me? That sounds like you, how are you? Well, this is great. I have something for you. First off, I have to give a shout out to my coworker upstairs Steve. I used listening on the internet. Okay. Hi Steve. Hey, here we go. I love you, Neil. Oh, yes, I do. You give me gas and turn my roi's blue. It's my world. What would I do without you? Oh, Neil, rock your eyes. Love you. Oh, I love you. I wish I was laughing at you that hard, but I'm watching George's daughter to pick in his nose. It's a quite a combo. Thanks, sweetheart. Alright, love you. Bye-bye. Oh, this is- Oh, there a finger he has that he doesn't say. Wow. Man, oh man. That's the old-time vest, you know what? No, no seriously. It makes all the other stuff pale and a witz significance. Thank you to the listener who can check- George W. Bush, thanks to the listener who sent that to us. George W. Bush picks it running mate. He's in a ball game. I don't know what to all ball game. This is notice to make any difference. And he's turning around. He's looking at some goofball behind him. And there's a fly ball to center field. And it makes the cat, and now man, now all of a sudden you think it's an out, but it's not. Right? Oh my God, Jesus! No! And he's flipping everything even now. Oh, no! And now we get the closeup from all the angles. Huh, huh, huh, huh! This-this seriously this is the greatest thing I've ever received in my life. That is- It makes anything else we've ever put on a website, pulling it with significance. Thanks, listener, whoever to hell you are. That is a hoot. Man, I always knew he had something up his nose. Anyway, the globe says JFK Jr's mission to solve that's murder, that disturbing details he learned about that deadly day in Dallas. JFK Jr's sped is an adult life on an astounding secret mission that he shared with only a few of his closest confidence mulling over classified documents in a determined bid to amask exactly who was behind his final assassination 40 years ago. And now globe can exclusively reveal the shocking secrets uncovered by the gutsy Camelot air, and it wasn't the mafia or Fidel Castro or Lee Harvey Oswald acting alone to gun down JFK in Dallas, number 22, 1963. It was JFK Jr's belief following his 20-year investigation that the guilty parties were 10 to 15 ultra-right wing military generals, and the squettled CIA operatives who were angry at his father's plan to keep America out of the growing Vietnam camps conflict. This clandestine group, stung by the US military fader at the Bay of Pigs and Cuba, their ago Miguel and Cuba, wanted to crack up the American War Machine and wouldn't be at nominal cost, including the use of nuclear weapons, and JFK stood in their way. Publicly JFK Jr. disdains himself from the conspiracy theory swirling around his father's shocking assassination, but behind closed doors he burned the midnight oil to uncover the tiniest clues during an age 18, say close friends, even tonight ever watching out of her stones, controversial movie JFK, which contained many of the same beliefs about the assassination that Jr. shared, but he actually watched it in private many times. Can you imagine the headlines of somebody spotted me in the theater JFK Jr. as his friend anywhere would upset my family too much? JFK Jr. agreed with Stone on one point he refused point-by-to-believe the official version that Lee Harvey Oswald was the lone shooter says the friend, he can do his conclusion after watching the famous the pruder footage framed by, spelled wrong by the way, footage framed by a frame listened to an enhanced audio tape-sodantial gunshots, and reviewing autopsy reports and forensic evidence on Oswald's gun. He'd doggyly shifted to newspapers that few other people could get their hands on, documented the JFK library in Boston and top-secret files that his post-friends have worsened DC got from, I just have to get to the bottom of this tiny dance as he told his confidence. While studying at Brown University spent much of his spare time on his mission, later he would pace the floor of his Manhattan Department acting as if he were arguing the case before Judge and jury the friend reveals, John called it his hobby, but it was his burning passion said one source? Want a JFK Jr. post-offence for more than a decade before his fatal airplane crash July 16th, 99. He would never publish his findings he was doing it just from self. Sadly, Jr. never remembered saluting his father's cough on one of the most famous pictures of the 20th century, or happy times playing the White House's different. The saddest thing about John ever said about his motivation was my father was one of the greatest figures in American history, and every single thing he ever didn't said was documented, yet I don't know anything about him. He told me time and again he needed to find out exactly what happened to satisfying self. It was terrified of being seen as obsessed and feared conspiracy buffs were turned him into a post-of-war for their theories, if or never leaked out. He took great pains to ensure that his mom Jackie didn't fight out of his mission, as she had the attitude that what happened happened case Arasa was she got the money and needed to move on with her life. His wife Carolyn beset new, but I don't think she was really that interested says the source. JFK Jr. first-long investigation took him to Dallas where he visited the assassination sighted-deadly plasma while he was in law school in 88. Having a baseball caphole loader with a hideous face he was shocked to find the place where his father was killed to be so attractive. It was much smaller than I expected in the sun was shining he told the source afterward, I couldn't get over the fact that such a tragic horrific thing happened on such a pretty little street. One time Jr. bumped into Frank Sinatra at a party in the Chairman of the Board asked for his phone number, sometime later Sinatra called it telem, I don't want you to think my friends had anything to do with the assassination says the source, but Sinatra had no worries Jr. didn't believe the mafia was involved in his father's death. Frank's friends. Right. Capish? See. In 97 Jr. made his way to Cuba where he interviewed Fidel Castro for his George magazine, the Cuban dictator, two-one, declare the air. John told me Castro looked him straight to the eye and told him, it is important to me. He told him, the thermodiel lucky. It is important to me that you know I had nothing to do with your father's assassination says the source. John said he nodded in smile because he knew Castro was not involved. For a while, JFK's vice president Lyndon Johnson was JFK Jr. spotlight, but the more I look into him the less likely it seems he'll be Joe could have involved the cold of source. He was a mean arrogant bastard, but I don't think he killed my father. Incredibly, a friend at the Russian consulate in New York allowed Jr. to view KGB files on the assassination and Oswald who lived in Russia for a while, like any new the Russians were involved in the case. In the end, Jr.'s conclusion echo that of Oliver Stone's certain generals in CIA Hanchos set up Le Harvias as well as the Patsy and there were four other shooters disguised as hobos. At least three of these supposed hobos, two clean-o-valt rest-to-be real bombs were found dead and I never knew this were found dead on different Dallas streets, but no one paid much attention because there were slain the same day JFK died. Did you know that? I had no idea. John was driven. There's no other word for it to find the truth the source tells a globy spent 10000g and money pulled out of the streets to go to places and get his hands on crucial evidence. He vowed to find the identities of the people he'd already done before he died, but I ironically, not long after John told me he had just the wrapped up of his investigation, he was killed in that crash. How do you like that? You think that's just another coincidence? Oh, it was like onto something and he got killed in that plane crash. Just like Ted Kennedy almost got killed in that plane crash. See you bottom where I'm going with this? Yep. And then for real gets fired? And load! This is 41564!лен never knew anything. That's a wounded.東京 room! I was so enframe How about the town south of Galilee He was afraid that you still hate to Cause making peace is how to do I thought that we used to fight My little young man, you know how to die What you ever even just want to I'm not doing back at Galilee If you do not and we don't want to More than shit, my own people used to I'm the one my head If this is all that you got I will pray that my tent up the sky And once it's up I'm the front door We will get this one But I was shaking hands with the rainbow Let's get up Making a banana The bottom of the cool Because making peace is how to do I can't eat pork your shmuck I don't know I don't know And pillow and a pose The fat one Returns today What is fresh supplies What I'm hearing Jeff high Fresh supply of fat high Boy Anyway, this is a great fact from the sky I love this Since this goes hand in hand with both pools The movie executive action, you see that? No, I did Excellent And it's on a pool already Was made in the 70s long before all of our stones Putri J.F.K. movie It had burnt Lancaster was about a group of Texans They wanted to Vietnam more and threatened by the Kennedy family The series of Kennedy presence J.F.K. to Bobby to Ted Who would be friendly to the sila Notice how J.F.K. got murdered And Bobby got murdered And Ted had to thank Resh But Thomas still survived because he had a lot of padding From all that eaten Who would be friendly to the civil rights movement Hostled the Texas oil bearings And unboiling the go on with Vietnam It's pretty interesting and a must see For anyone of the cover up in conspiracy I think it was a thinly veiled theory of Howard H.L. Hunter was the big oil guy at the time And a rabbit right wing Texas oilman killing people So Scottie and as well Scottie He's out of pole right now Executive action and irreversible Are the first two on that pool What's fairly obscure movie that Most people probably haven't seen You think is a must see I think that fits the definition to a T. It's perfect I'm going to go get it Now I'm going to go get it again Today even I've seen it a couple of times I'm going to go over and get it today And watch it and watch it and watch it This is the way we're supposed to be immersed in this And we shouldn't forget Even a lot of you punks out there How's that pull coming? 217 votes Who do you think was responsible for these assassination In JFK? The military industrial complex 56 And you know what those people are? Absolutely correct That's right CIA 40 Mafia 26 Don't know and don't care 17 Li Harry Oswald 17 Don't have a clue 16 I'm a young punk What do I know? Obviously that much 16 Lended Johnson 15 And Castro Fidel Fidel Fidel F14 Catorci Is that right? Yeah Good one Good one one I know my numbers Mr. I see a good number I know it Anyway So I did a little homework on the internet Which you have to be careful What you're looking at because you'll find Especially on something like this you'll find all kinds of Wacky weird conspiracy theories Now The Zillions There's an endless supply of crap on your net But This is from the fairly prestigious Washington Post March 26 2001 By George Lardner Jr Study back Steery of grassy Nool new reports is second gunman fired at Kennedy Means there any question that there were shots from the grassy nool and the thing about the hobos And the homo No, you're going to get out of our I conspiracy The House assassination committee may have been right after all There was a shot from the grassy nool Oh my god That was the key finding of the congressional investigation That concluded 22 years ago That President John F. Kennedy's murder in Dallas 63 was probably the result of a conspiracy A shot from the grassy nool meant that two gunman must have fired To the president within a split-setting sequence We are beyond well accused of firing three shots of Kennedy From a purchasing Texas school board to Pository Couldn't have been in two places at once Da A special panel of the National Academy of Sciences Subsequently disputed the evidence of a fourth shot Contain any police dictum of the sounds in daily pleasure that day The panel insisted it was simply random noise Maybe static recorded about a minute after the shooting While Kennedy's motorcade was on route to Park from hospital A new peer reviewed article in science and justice A quarterly publication of Britain's forensic science society Says the NAS panel study was seriously flawed It says the panel failed to take into account the words of a Dallas patrolman that showed the gunshot like noises occurred At the exact instant that John F. Kennedy was assassinated In fact the author of the article DB Thomas the government scientist In JFK assassination researchers said it was more than 96% certain That there was a shot from the grassy nool to the right of the president's Lamezine in addition to the three shots from a book depository window above And behind the Lamezine G Robert Blakey former chief counsel of the House of Sass nation's committee Said the NAS panel study always bothered and because it dismissed all four Putedive shots as random noise even though the three soundbirds from the book deposit Rematched up precisely with the film of the assassination other evidence such as the echo pattern To D. Lee Plaza and the speed of Kennedy's motorcade This is an honest careful scientific examination of everything we did with all the Appropriates statistical checks Blakey said it Thomas's work It shows that we made mistakes too but minor ones He puts the I said that we thought there was a 95% chance it was a shot he puts it in 96.3% Either way he said that's beyond a reasonable doubt How do you like that? I don't They placed an unknown gun in behind a picket fence at the top of the grassy nool And front of into the right of the presidential limousine the House committee concluded that this shot missed and That Kennedy was killed by a final bullet from Oswald's rifle Thomas by contrast believes it was a shot from the nool 7th of the 2nd earlier that killed the president From the grassy nool So there you go you can believe what your government tells you if you're a fool if you're an idiot You can believe whatever it like the Warren Commission report which is for morons Which is for silly people and keep in mind it was LBJ just coincidentally up who commissioned the Warren Commission report And we had geniuses on air like Gerald Ford for example Who just goes only later have it to become president and our Inspector with his single magic bullet theory that just conveniently wound upon a stretcher And Parkland hospital. Oh there it is. It just fell out of his head Yeah, it just fell out of the governor's wrist his limp race. It's on the stretcher there. Look at that. Looky looky. Looky here comes cookie Is that amazing or what I'm in the best part of course about that magic bullet theory of our Inspector who of course Senator from Pennsylvania Was also on a more commission report the best part of that is that it the bullet on the stretcher was pristine It was like untouched by human glands. What was a magic bullet after it was the magic bullet that not only went through the president's neck But then struck the governor in the shoulder and down into his wrist bone and broke his wrist bone But it like just like brand new that five man they sure all make them like they used to you know Damn I bet you even why it would have been proud and wild bill hitchcock Man oh man what a sad sad state of affairs when the public and of course they don't they know that the public doesn't really care all that much number one And number two that everybody in your brothers starts come up with a hoax poke a CB GB and all become so ridiculous nobody believes in anyway So it's a lot easier to say oh, yeah, and who cares anyway. What's that kind of do with the price of halava I Think we change the pull at 11 note you okay, or not this is clear cut. Oh, we don't have much on this. Huh? We don't have much on this second one Well, we don't we don't need to put the second one. Oh, all right. We'll leave it up till we're building the other one. How's that so okay? Is that agreeable with all of us? We get all is that agreeable with you? We don't really care what you say Anyway, I just want to make me yell for you like you know his vote counted for something That's Who do you think was responsible for the assassination of president John F Kennedy 248 votes pretty heavy duty total there like about what? 40 minutes right the military industrial complex 69 69 got it the CIA 45 the mafia 31 Leaharby Oswald 19 don't have a clue 19 don't know and don't care 18 Linda Johnson 17. I'm a young punk. What do I know? 16 and Castro is stuck on 14 Still 14 vote for Fidel the bearded one the bearded schmuck I think the dog done it Who's dog? What girl do you have skier movie that most pit that big dog most people probably haven't seen you think is a must see so for all We got his your choice and the the a fracture which I would agree with irreversible and executive action two good ones 1056 now what's the line up today? Let's see it's in pencil. We got to Joseph Gagki and we got to biggo and no, no, we don't Any case on in a middle be after let's just look like a people's revolving chair. Let's just keep moving a schedule everybody all around Okay keep the audience guessing That's right Mad dog at two it says here the homperate chill is it for Ricky William show at the Cleveland or seven o'clock tonight Ricky Ricky get a haircut Sweetheart they're tackling you by your hair you silly person you the big eight to ten Ityk ten a two and mark Eisenberg solo two to five in a morning. What's that all about? Where's our close personal piezon Joe Castella? If you're looking to replace that terrible cup in your home. Let me tell you about a really smart alternative Laminator us do the easy low maintenance alternative to which expensive natural wood flooring Laminator us is the best place to find laminated wood flooring from the top names in the universe They got them all whatever one you like Peridore pergo Wilson art uniform or quips dip they have them and all of laminator us flooring's installed by people or we know they're crap Pergo certified installers too another reason to call laminator us to their prices are so astonishingly low They'll for you right now get their false special for just 1495 bucks you heard correct just 1495 dollars is all it takes to get you up to 295 square feet of beautiful Laminate wood flooring positively unreal and laminator us will match any legitimate written offer to if you want a free no obligation in homestimate call Laminator us at that toll free number 1 877 777 733 36 Nothing in the world could be easier they give your free carpet disposal free furniture moving a 25 year warranty and years and years of beautiful Easy care Laminator floor even picking you know isn't easier than this so call laminator us today toll free until that old Cresty Nealtority call 1 877 777 733 36 Local this is my 60 You can't pump yourself no else a pump yet What if it came obvious that they wanted me out of the magazine is running a woman's replacement creatively and kept me away for myself. I said goodbye. I keep my money goodbye. I said bye bye Keep my money goodbye, and then how can you two issues and then they should be Hello Paradise and she called herself a queen of life Without a doubt when she came out That was when everything went bad for rosy She got her own magazine Nice It's like Rosie could use rain with her Who will win? No one knows It's a sin Sure is blows Just don't throw clothes All that fun judges And F*** Getting us and love good for us She'll be broken STAY Well I guess not, 11 out to it 5, 60, WM, I didn't realize just like that That other thing that we got on there, the WMD countdown Yeah There's audio on this, did you know that? No, I didn't I'm the nose picking, I did that Well just wait till you hear this You're free I knew that I wouldn't have done that I feel good Sounds like the 80k show all over again Pick another one, WM I'm pretty good Oh man What a beautiful thing As WM thinks for solutions, man all these are the problems That looks the way 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, let's start building this other thing I got an FTA, asterisk, they've run the city down here I think they're going to wait till Thursday for the big, uh, at Simis I said they were like protesting, marking an open park yesterday Hopefully they try to do like spread it around a little bit Is that the idea? Another warm-ups Make sure everybody gets like a little taste practice runs Here's a call from Viral Beach, hello Hi, I was on a website the other day that showed a timeline of the Kennedy assassination Right And as you look at the numbers, you realize that the Dallas police had apprehended Lee Harmoyaz The Dallas law less than 90 minutes after the president was killed Right So I'm kind of curious why we don't make me send a Dallas police over to get Osama Excellent Or Osama, yeah Yeah, they're very efficient people It's a matter of fact they had the description within like a half, even less than that Within just a matter of minutes after the body was taken to a park on hospital They had the description, they showed it on the scene in Pichester The suspect was a white male in his early 30s, 5 foot 10 whatever it was Pretty amazing, wasn't it? Indeed it was I don't know if that makes it a conspiracy that they had the guy nailed so quickly or not But would certainly be a piece of puzzling evidence there They're on their way to Baghdad right now man Alright It's in the Baghdad, thank you, good point Don't you find that little bit strange? I mean if he wasn't set up and he was the passie How do they know like automatically who it was? Especially when supposedly at the time that the gunshots were fart He was downstairs drinking like a coke and the Lushroom and he takes the school book to positive Relage I just heard that I must be 560560 pound 560 on the old cheese Don't tell me I did this What? Why are you that thing came up? Would you like to set someone so as your homepage and I did Oh no No, no, it was our homepage, but that's not what I want to be looking at I see 107 votes Castrow 18 Who do you think we're responsible for the end? It's my fault I worded in badly It should have said a Lee Harvey Oswald alone Because he could have still fired a shot But been part of a conspiracy So it's poorly worded but it's too late to change it now Don't you think Who cares? Who? Who gives a crap? Is it going to change anything? Is it going to bring a JFK back to life? Is it going to get bush out of the White House? Oh, we wish you would Castrow 18 I'm going from the bottom up I am a young punk What do I know 19? There's Arnold Arnold's getting sworn in today A lot of swearing going on Don't have a clue 20 Lyndon Johnson 20 Lee Harvey Oswald 22 Don't know a don't care 25 Of the Oblivious The Mafia 39 The CIA 56 The military industrial complex 88 I think is the right answer Okay, and let's get back to building this poll What do you say? Before I start reading that, um, Al Frankenberg Excellent And then that article about the FTA A And of skirmaby, that you think most people probably haven't seen But you think is a must see Here's a call on the keys, hello Hey, Neil, you're certain I got lucky enough to visit the DLA Plaza in 2000 And the interesting thing is that The grassy null after 35 years Or however long it had been, the fence needed to be changed Or they exposed to the other grassy null Done and were Right And whoever wasn't charged, felt it necessary That the new fence via foot or two taller than the old fence And they were these like, Because then ski style letters, you know, Conspiracy's written right on the fence But how, you know, it's kind of a historical monument Nothing there should be changed Should be left open to the mind So anybody besides the simple thing Could go there and figure out that, you know, Harvey Oswald Was crazy, but, you know Okay That's it I thought I got caught off, but it just seems like years later Instead of giving people the choice to figure it out Then so history is going to be, you know, fixed Where you'll never have a chance to figure it out We're like all supposed to be kept in the dark You know, we're letting you in a like it a lot better That way, it's much better for business Only a moron, it's believed that that idiot was able to kill that man Absolutely, have a right day, pal Thanks Let's see, where's that one nothing in here At the end of that article I read from the globe Over there Uh, uh Certain generals and C.A.I. Huncho Set up Lee Harvey Oswald as the patty is what the junior believed And there were at least four other shooters disguised as hobos Which we've already bought them for a long time, but this other part I didn't realize At least three of the supposed hobos, two clean-emeld recipe real bumps We're found dead on different Dallas streets But no one paid much attention Because they were all slain on the same day that JFK died Just a coincidence Also just a coincidence about juniors of plane crash that happened just when he was getting to the meat of the matter And about Ted Kennedy's plane crash and about Paul Velstone's plane crash These are just all coincidences, don't you think? Right 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T Verizon line only forget the Al Frankenburg Don't forget Here's a call from Latterdale, hello Mr. I think one of the things you remember back to the O.J. case when the Vincent bull Yosie wrote his book And he said that in cases like this they're always his dog but in females I think in the JFK case This is the fact that all of the O.J. case protection was pulled of that morning Right Okay Don't our phone is clapping I'll call me back because obviously you know have something to say But your phone is deadly Cutting in can't understand what you're saying 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T Verizon wireless line Let me say it again Eisenhower warned about it and then they'd done it and now look what we got Look what we got now like Sunny said in the godfather Look what we got now Pretty sad There's people dying over there that wrote my participation in the Middle East Kind of luck on a rocky side if you ask me More and more innocent people dying every day Sure, it's nice though that the Bush people that these Nazis these fascists who've taken control and stuff Oh, and I've got a great article about that two is matter of fact All right, I did a lot of digging yesterday and not am I knows like a president Yeah, if you do more digging in the little research instead of digging in his nose Maybe you know what else going on in the world Who is victory? This is another article from November 12, 2001 Two years ago You ready for this? No Now how do you say it consortium or consortium? consortium You do? That's what I say but Well, I don't think you're right. Anyway, it's from a website Consortiumnews.com By Robert Perry, P.A.R.R. Y. Gores victory It says so Al Gore was the choice of Florida's voters Whether one counts hanging chads or dimple chads that was the core finding Ah, the eight news organizations that conducted a review of disputed Florida ballots By any Chad measure, Gore won. This was a year after the fixed election Gore won even if one doesn't count the 15 to 25,000 votes that US day today estimated Gore lost Because if illegally designed butterfly ballots or the hundreds of predominantly African American voters who were Fossil identified by the state as felons and turned away from the polls. Gore won even if there's no adjustment for George W. Bush's windfall of about 290 votes From improperly counted military absentee ballots where lakh status were applied To Republican counties and strict standards to democratic ones a violation of fairness reported earlier By the Washington Post and the New York Times. Put differently George W. Bush was not the choice of Florida's voters any more than he was the choice Of the American people who cashed a half a million more ballots for Gore than Bush nation why. Yet, possibly for reasons of patriotism in this time of crisis, the news organizations that Finance the Florida ballots study structured their stories on a ballot review to indicate that Bush was the legitimate winner with headlines such as Florida Reconstor would have favored Bush, Washington Post, remember 12 2001. Post media critic Howard Kurtz took the Spins cycle one for a ticket. Wow one cycle further with the story headline. George W. Bush Now more than ever in which Kurtz ridicule as conspiracy theorists. Those who thought Go right one of course we know Howard Kurtz is an asshole who looks that Cramer guy's ass on CNBC. They conspiracy theorists have been out in force convinced that the media were covering up Florida election results to protect President Bush, Courts wrote that kids puts to rest Today with a fighting by a new his organizations that Bush would have beaten go under both of the recount plans been considered this time. At the time, Kurtz also mocked those who believed that when the election fairly based on the world the voters was imported to the democracy. Now the question is how many people still care about the election did like that last fall felt like the story of the century and now faintly echoes like some distance to the war badly. What an idiotic thing in other words is time passes and a few are people care. So that makes it okay. In other words, the elite media as judgment is Bush won get over it. Only Gore partisans has both the Washington Post and New York Times called critics of the official Florida election tally's would insist on looking at the fine print. And this goes on for like four pages. It's it's simply leading. And it goes on in documents very, very well. I'll read a little bit more after the break. I don't want to go to controversy, but I'm just down here. They stole a guy damn election right there in front of our noses in Florida. And they sent down all those ringers from outside from Washington. Let us in. Let us in. And then they finally went to got desperate and they started counting votes that was getting closer and closer and things started really looking bad. They got their cronies on these supreme. They're man they called up. They got their merry wells and Diana Ross. Right. For me said, hey, stop the count. And off of the counting already. Okay. And he said, okay. They rolled up a big fat when he kept parents Thomas happy. And that was the end of that no more count man. I mean, an election who'd have a want to count the vote. And I'm saying why should we do that? That's right. He's no speaking nonchad picking. That seriously, that picture on there is just it's magnificent. It is so perfect and beautiful. 11 13 at 5. 60 W Q A. If you're on the Atkins diet and in fact, you know, something now that he's dead. Now and Bob Atkins is like a hero to everybody. Is that incredible? So it always works everywhere. I look on TV. I see all the, oh, he was right. And you know, something then how do these dead? When he was alive, we like grip and a mask because we just didn't like his personality like George. Anyway, if you're on one of those low carb diets, you'll love the lights of West Boca because this story is entirely for you over a thousand. Count them. Low carb products in the store. All low carb sugar free or low sugar. Biggles, breads, tease cakes, muffins, brownies, chocolates, pasta, sauces, chips, dips, soups, ketchup that delicious carbohydrate ice cream. They got your crunchy pretzels by carbs since they've got a lot to it. Tia, great for making low carb raps. Slim carb fudgies for all you punch packers out there. Fight brownies are chocolate raspberry cookies. The carbs slim bites make a great snack and no laxative effect. Thank the Lord. Lone newbie jams in seven gourmet flavors to jam on it. Simply low carb bread would steve you with a uniquely delicious taste and champion light is back in five delicious flavors too. So if you're on one of them low carb diets and you want some variety, some taste, something would some taste, something with a little bit of sweetness to it. This is a story you love and they let you try anything the story before you have to buy it. All the chickens products are on sale today. Next you voice all day every day. The lights is open every day, seven days away from 10 to 10 and you'll fight around the Northeast corner of Glades in 441. Next to Boston Market, you can call them full free for more info and 1-877 low carb L-O-O-W-C-A-R-B or look up map on a web at low carb.com. If you have one of them low carb diets, this story is a must for you. Delights are West Bokey or official atkins retail center. We're supposed to be in five season, you AM. Bang in the butt, honey. Okay. The show is complete. Oh, we popped it in a poop row. That best ball is superb but the brothers got no brains. Try to get jammed up for a funny shit and no net. Hold you, tiny. We've got no one else to blame. He took the bimbo to his feet. They got put to it a cheese and things like going fine. Then he grabbed a little less than made a foul shot of rest. And she quickly changed her mind. Oh, my, oh, my. That whimshot made me cry. Oh, now the whole world knows about this thing. And you turn, you're dealing your puncture with it, ring. She's gotten subterning. Take rest of your earnings your life will never be the same. So next time, you go with she who gives me foyer puts the meat in. She signs and notices okay. Like them. Nothing. No. Nothing. Please. Out. Oh, no. She's a bear. 11. 11. That was a great bit. As five, 60. W. I've kind of fitted with a managed drop and I did all the currently fit together. Well, I tried to jam it in. Anyway, getting back, I don't want to read this whole thing because it's too long. Everything and put people to sleep. Robert Perry says, while that was the tone which I just read before about how Bush I want to get over it, I've covered in these leading news outlets. It's still a bit jarring to go outside the articles and read the actual results of the statewide review of the 175,000 and 10-disfuted ballots. Full review favors Gore. The Washington Post said in a box on page 10 showing that under all standards applied to the ballots Gore came out on top. The New York Times graphic revealed the same outcome. Earlier, less comprehensive ballots that he's by the Miami-Harrole, the anxious hero that you see today, had found that Bush and Gore split the four categories of disputed ballots depending on what standard was applied to assessing the ballots, punched through chads, hanging chads, etc. Bush 102 standards in Gore under two. The New Fuller study found that Gore won regardless of which standard was applied and anyone varying county judgments were factored in. County fully punched chads and limited marks on optical ballots, Gore won by 115 votes, with one corner of a chad detached reney optical mark, Gore won by 60 votes, applying the standard said by each county, Gore won by 175 votes. The core finding of Gore's Florida victory in the unofficial ballot might surprise many readers who skinned only the headlines and the top paragraphs of the articles, the headlines and leads highlighted hypothetical partial recounts that supposedly favored Bush. The deeper in the stories or referenced in subheads was the fact that the new recount determined that Gore was the winner statewide even ignoring the butterfly ballot and other regularities that caused him thousands of votes. I just mentioned that in passing for anybody out there who really believes that George W. Bush won that election. Some mining already. Yeah. Anyway, here's a fact. And this is interesting because I guess I watched two of these movies already from our earlier movie shows last year. Yep. So, whenever it held we didn't roll you in the summer, you were asking for one obscure movie I think everyone should see. Well, my three are. That's okay, Randy, because they're the way of the gun, which is good. Sexy beast, which I have sitting in my other room there, but I haven't watched yet, is that good? I don't know. And brother, they make a hell of a sewing machine. And hell of a fax machine, I got my brother sitting over here and I got my 60 beats in the other room. What more could you want? And you got your 60 beats hanging around there. Yeah, he's sexy. Got teeth. So that's what the D.J.V. whoever he has says. Thank you. So I put those three on there. Might as well, we're not getting any other ones for that list, right? Plus, we better start building that list now, because it noon, you know where they're all going to go. I'll go to the rally for about five minutes, and then they're going to say, he's a lion through his teeth and fingers to symbol bull crab. They'll come back. They'll probably, you know, a lot of them take a, take a little taste. Well, rushes back today. We got to see what rushes saying. Oh, what kind of pills he's poppin? Bon appetit. Who do you think was responsible for the estate? He's responsible for the assassination of AJFK. 3608 vote. The military industrial complex 104. CIA 72, the mafia 46, don't know and don't care. But 30 man. Lee Harvey Oswald 26, don't have a clue 25. I'm a young punk. What do I know? 23. Linda Johnson 22 and Castro's got 20. I'll speak in a Castro here's a little Havana. What am I segue? Hello. What about a health and sculter? What about it? Do you think Charles Manson did it? Oh, you mean a movie? Yeah, right? You never know, right? Yeah, never know. All right. Okay, thank you. That is a good movie. He's right. You've seen it? Yeah. Well, that's perfect for this list. Do you want to know why? Why? Because it's curly obscure. Not real obscure, but fairly obscure. It's not something like if you were listed near 100 favor movies, somebody would say, Oh, health or sculter. It's right up there, right? Right. That's a perfect. And that's so rarely happens when we do these things, you know? Because you know what somebody's going to call say? Oh, what about gone with the wind? What about muting our bounty? What about the godfather? You, me on the counter. The story of wolfies. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Do you ever see that muting at the counter? All the time. All the time. I have a check-in. Sheky Patterson's in it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5. Oh, by the way, Volkabra, thanks for my jingle book. I got it. Kameenie, a male, my jingle book. Story about all the jingles, pants, and pepper, and pepper, Tanner. What? Not that Tanner. So, there we go. You got irreversible or ziky to action. The way the gun says he beats brother and helper, sculter. Here's a call from Carl Gable, so, though. Yeah, it's not about bitch. Yeah, pull out your ass. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Here's Fort Lauderdale, hello. Yes, sir. I got the guy once for you. Okay, Brian. And then, in day up, K-Thing. When the hobo is, what do you handle from his father? Really? Yeah. I mean, he has true stupidity. Huh. Don't get choked up about it now. Another movie for you is vanishing point. I don't know if you know that one. That's one, yeah. Very heavy. Is that? Does there drive around and, you know, don't crazy and cleave on the old vanishing stuff? All right. That's an obscure movie. You probably have all these stuff, you know? I'm going to go on and get it right now. No, everybody. Thanks a lot, Palia, and the hill up real soon. See, he started mentions, blording stuff that I like that, and right away, they start getting to him. You know, that's a very industrial complex. Probably put the hostie with you, or just like in the prisoner, Patrick McGill, I remember that. Yep. He got back to London and all of a sudden, where they stuck the old hose to him. He got hoseed. That was a good movie. I saw this morning, but it's not the kind of movie our audience wants to see. I saw a little bit while I was sitting here babbling with you. I want to live with Susan Hayward. Oh, she that? Yeah, I saw a part of it. It does. What do you mean by that? She wants, she wants a Oscar for that. I know, it's just a... She got gas, man. She got the gas. And she didn't even do it. And I find it can't almost amusing at the end of the movie. They all get in the car as they drive away. And here's the like to fun music. She just got gas. She didn't do it. Maybe she didn't do it. And all the people are against capital punishment. What's they see? There's a good example. Poor Susan Hayward. She'd still be with us today. If we weren't for that, the damn gas chamber. No, and the one interesting thing that I thought I saw was the... The whole thing with the gas chamber, the mechanism in the way they used to... Do they still use that anywhere? The gas chamber? Yeah. I don't know. I don't think so. I think it's strictly lethal injection now. I mean, the electric chair was pretty damn brutal, man. You know, speaking of that, sometimes... Sometimes they weren't like well-fired, like pop in something the microwave and you have to put it back in again for another 45 seconds. They weren't really fried, they weren't well-done. Over the gas chamber, they dropped the cylinder, they're in the water. And they show the whole long, excruciating thing, and then it starts... The vaporist, you know? She gets... They start like reaching in, you know, as like somebody I know. And then you start convulsing. Like that. So how's for round on what time is it, show on? I don't know, but I wish they'd come back out of Earth for a while, you know? Do you think that this new deal we got now is going to last for... How many days? About three days. About three days. You got the wrong attitude. Oh, no, we got the wrong management. That's what we got. It's the mystery morning shows on cue. I see, it's the revolving sheer. 27 past 11 at 560 WQM, if your carpets look like hell, if they need cleaning, you know what to do by now. I hope and pray. Call my good close personal friends, it's dry concepts for over 20 years. Maybe making my carpets look just like brand new, and they'll do the same for you. And of course, with a holidays coming up, there's never a better time than right now to have your carpets clean, eliminating the schmutz or in germs that are a little deep in your carpets over the summer months. Dark concepts are expanded by which everybody else must follow, beautifying your home, leaving your carpets sparkling, clean, vibrant and colour soft of the huts, and smelling lemony fresh, they'd rhyme just a couple of hours, you'll believe that somebody performed a miracle right in your floor. And don't forget, dark concepts are the same great work on your oriental rugs and draper on your poultry, all of these things. So if you want a fantastic job on a floor and a guaranteed written price right up front, this is the place to call. They bring your carpets back to life just in tapin' a holiday, so call them toll free, 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071, and you talk to our good friends at dry concepts, ask how you can save 15% on your next carpets cleaning too. Don't forget, with dry concepts you really can't clean today, entertain tonight, 1-800-248-5071, or check them out on the web at dryconcepts.com. I'm on your move, this is for 20 places. You way up. I'm here. You and I went to the bar, we drank some whiskey from the jar, we got drunk all over town, then I asked you to go down your gulter, like a master but snowman, one disaster, the food's sure went down easy, and now you're saying you're crazy, it felt good, just like it should, but then it's done, because you would drunk, you still got guts. You can't find nuts. There's drunk in horror, is really wack, I look down to see her less neck, had come right back. You can't find my sack. Rhoar! I thought I could get a decent homer, but dinner on my boner is a bummer. And now my lap is full of crap, because my monster tickle if your tons will spill your guts. You can't find nuts. I was hoping for a decent PJ, but now I am wearing Chinese buffet. All my mows were getting louder, now my lap would've like crunch out, or nasty slut. You can't find nuts. I should have held back my frost, you would love to have lunch, now I love to have turned to his scott. You can have my nuts. Jump in all your lunch. You can have my nuts. Oh, why did they still known as 560 WQM? Here's my concurrency says, my vote for a must see of skirmovie is the pawn broker. Okay. Okay. I never saw it, never heard of it, so it's a robber. Rhoar! Yeah? Oh, that's right, I saw a piece of it. Yeah, I wouldn't say it's real obscure, but fairly obscure I think is okay. Go on my concurrency says, great movie with a great rod stiger, who's dead unfortunately. God damn it. He was so damn good, you know what rod stiger is now? Yes, he was. I'm like Johnny Cash, whenever we liked all that much, and now he's dead, I'll care about that. So what do they call you back in New York, Voyju? Poody Tang. No, they don't call that. What is Poody Tang for the pool? Poody Tang, what does that mean? Is it really? Yeah. I heard of it, never saw it. Are you sure? Well, get it on there, it sounds pretty obscure to me. Poody Tang? Poody Tang. Poody Tang. Poody Tang. Poody Tang. Poody Tang. Poody Tang. It's what? I've heard of it, so it's not obscure. No, no, it's obscure. I haven't heard of it in Georgeaine, heard of it. No, let's see, two out of three. I've heard of it. I just put it on there. Poody Tang. Okay, don't listen to me, Gale. Don't be influenced by, he's still along over that Castro thing, because he wished that JFK Jr would have said on his before he croaked in that plane. Oh, a fiddle, don't. Then he might have even been a Kennedy fan, but I doubt it. Let's see, here's a fact that says most of the people involved in doing the investigation of the Kennedy assassination died mysteriously. You are absolutely correct, including Dorothy Kilgown, and the lead detective, even Jack Ruby died mysteriously. I believe her, told her, was cancer. That's right, Jack Ruby was going to be interviewed by Dorothy Kilgown as jail cell. Yeah. And all of a sudden, like overnight, he got cancer. And he died. Like, you know, Bob Bing, like that. Yeah. He died? Yeah. P.S. I like Ferrell. He was greatly into your show. Don't listen to Kilgown until 10 now, it says from Gene. Well, I'm sorry, Gene. We liked your rose a lot, but waiting for a lot of calls about that. They happy with your rose, so they spit stuff. Yeah, we didn't call about that if you want. They ain't going to change nothing. The little dog is there from now until the end of time. I mean, this at least is putting like a semblance of sanity back in the name of the saying, I'm not saying that we're happy that Ferrell got cancer. We're never happy to see anybody get cancer. It would want a reception. That's a good thing. Right. Because on the day that that might happen, wow, let's see, here, great unknown movie, dangerous beauty. Ever heard of that? I've heard of it, never saw it. You know, you heard of it? No. See, there you go. See, McElis, the litmus test. The feet hurt, but they probably not too, because what does he know? Especially for the English. He knows he, uh, Tom Bien. Isn't everybody, wasn't that the one everybody's told me I should get E. Tom, Tom Bien? That's the one that everyone was telling you to get. Tom Bien? Well, there's George W. again, picking his nose. Members about the house and the Senate to support you know something more and more people. I noticed Paul Begala on Crossfire and the Dying Guests because that show is now saying, every time he's on there about the prison, he's an embarrassment. He's a moron. It's no longer unacceptable to say it because it's so obvious, you know. In other words, others tend to say, take Kennedy's fat. Right? How do you have to be insurance industry and the drug industry and the, or leaving the seniors of a hot? He's a giant in the political field, you know what? Man. 119 people say they think that the military industrial complex was responsible for the assassination of President Kennedy, 411 votes, 119 say the military industrial complex. 79 say the CIA. Mafia 49. Don't know what don't care. 32. We don't give a crap. Okay. You silly old man. We Harvey Oswald has got. But don't have a clue is got. But don't have a clue is got. But don't have a clue, man. Lyndon Johnson 25, a young punk, what do I know 25? And Castro is suck at win man. He's in last place only 22. How do you like that? And Miguel says that should be no surprise. Castro always sucks. So let's change the pull on there. What do you say? Okay. Give it a ruckin' nudge. Hey Eric, nudge, nudge, wink, wink, don't call him. He should be listening right now. It's Monday. Yeah. Yeah. Facts of men out say change the damn pull already. When you? Because we got enough movies on there to get the other attorney started. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line. What thoroughly obscured. And that to be like, you know, it's not the nobody ever saw. But what fairly obscure movie that the most people probably haven't seen. You think is a must see. I mean something so sensational that you probably like would be in your pants if you saw it. Irroversible. Executive action. Way in the gun. That's the bread pit one, right? Okay. No. No, no, no, no, no, no. The French dumb in the French kid. He looks like bread pit. Don't know. Way in the gun? Don't know. I have a right in the room. Would have French, anyway. sexy. sexy beast. Brother, help her scelter, vanishing point. Can we say that? What you just did. And dangerous booty, a beauty. Dangerous booty. Nothing worse than dangerous booty. Here's a lady in Hollywood. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Pretty good. I got a couple movies for you. Okay. My own private Idaho. I thought that was very weak. Wink. I thought the end of it was like, I don't think it was obscured. Oh, it's not like a famous movie. Are you kidding me? Did the customer penis is in it? Personal for it. How about King of Comedy? Jerry Lewis. Yes. That's her pocket. Huh? Rupert Puffkin. Yeah, King of Comedy is good. That was the great movie. That was before his face got all puffed up. That's true. Okay. Thanks. Ah, that's bad. Yeah, I thought the ending of my own private Idaho was like, like he's on the side of the road. Like, okay, what now? Yeah. I see it, but I saw ads every words in the video story. You don't want to see it. But she liked it. She probably liked Rupert Puffkin. Is it a fact movie anyway? Yeah. Are you in like that? Well, I don't know why you say that because there's one fact movie that you liked. I can't think of what that one is. There's one thing. Huh? Neither. No, that was one. There was definitely one. I always say it. Oh, yeah. That was a good movie. And then if I say you ought to see a tell it, Mr. Rupert. Oh, I'm not going to see that. It's a fact movie. You know what? Mad Damon in it. Well, there's two facts against it. What's wrong with Mad Damon? What was that action movie? He was in it was so good that even you liked it. It begins with a B. Oh. You know what I'm talking about? I'm going to help you go together. What is it? Booty tank. Yeah, it was Booty tank. I don't know when you're talking about I can. No, it was. And you saw it. Did you see it? I saw it. It wasn't bad. He didn't ruin it. No, it was good. And it was so because it was, he was out of character. He wasn't playing like some, some, in effectual fact. Like in the tell the Mr. Rupert. I'm telling it. It's a good movie. I'll watch it on cable. I'm going to tell Frozen it. I'm going to go read it. And the guy, what else is named? The British guy. It's got heavy British accent, but it doesn't have any accent in the movie. What else is that? I don't know. Oh, Jude Law. Jude, the Jew law. He's good. Jew laws are good actor. He's in it. Yeah, I'm telling you. It's good. And you know who else is in it? Would not not have very big part. He's got a small part. To God to play the game show host in Magnolia. Oh, that guy. He plays the private dick. Who comes during the end of the weekend. He's got a small part. Private. I think he'll known at 5. 60 WQ. I am big, big humongous news. Not just the F, the T, A, A. In Miami, but how a potty actually MCs been voted. The number one, a potty actually MC. The other in the entire county in customer satisfaction. In my close personal piezons, Tom Laman and Joe creator. And all the good people at hello. I want to thank everybody for their role support, which has kept them going out 35 amazing years. God. Just think of all the other businesses that go out of business every weekend. God, good man. People been there 35 years. Stop by how it now and check out the potty egg vibe. Normally, we tell us for over 20 grand, but right now, and how that you can buy fully loaded for 16, 5 plus tax and tag. How much you took headquarters with over 302 from included in the UK on the US and coming soon in the new on-voi X UV. The most unique, the most amazing SUV on a market today. And of course, don't forget about those great kneel deals that wait for you everyday at Halle Panier, GMC because they're obsessed with me in this show. They love me like you wouldn't believe. You'll find about 134 or one soft, sexy highway that you must run across from the falls. Open every day, seven days a week. If you want more info on a special kneel deals, call the New Rogers kneel, the hotline, say it again, say it again. Oh God. Toll free at 1, AAA-534-447. That's 1, AAA-534-447 keep in mind. All officers subbed credit approval, share friends at Halle for all the tales. Halle, Pontiac GMC, who are professional grades. My life and local, we are sports video 5, 62 and UAM. Snatch. Grab my junior, honey. Vertic reached in the Jama Hammond trial. Go in out to momentarily. Stand by. Be bold and suburban, DC-Y. Snack by. Hammond, his trials set the start. He had to pull jumpy when they heard a barhaw. Mammonding when tickets are memos. Tuesday he goes shooting with his son. When's it ain't get busted by the phone? Hey! Stay found the gun. I burn my homin, part of a slaco pan. And we won't be happy to leave you in the chat. Oh, hey! 8 or 9 minutes we're going to get the verdict. They're going to be reading it. You ready? You got yourself prepared. Let's draft them both in. I'll only get the Jama Hammond 1 first because the trowel are like a simultaneous side by each but not together. Hey, don't forget. 4 or 4, 4, and that's the final total on our first pool today. The new one is up. Who do you think was responsible for the assassination of President Kennedy and military industrial complex 126? The CIA 88 mafia 54 don't know on don't care 33, don't have a clue 33. Maybe they can alope. Lee Harvey Oswald 31. Castro. Castro 27 is moving up. I'm a young punk. What do I know? 27 and Lyndon Johnson 25. And of course he's dead. Movie. Very bad things. Oh, the born identity is the one with the mat. Okay. That's good movie. Okay. See, so just because mat Damon's in it don't automatically say, Oh, well, I'm not going to watch that. I'll watch it. How did Mr. Ripley is good? It's in Jorbal. It's got like twist and turns and you enjoy it. I'm telling you even in spite of yourself. I'll watch it for free. Fire cable when it comes around. 5675705701. Power, uh, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Well, let's see. Now who the hell voted for sexy beast? You didn't vote for that, did you? No, not me. Oh, I didn't know it was up there already. Yeah. Because I voted for executive action. So somebody sneaked in there with the vote. Maybe, uh, Miguel voted for sexy beast. He always had the, he was always fun to the beast. Dangerous beauties on their twice. Or maybe you know what? Probably clearance voted for our sexy beast. Well, yeah, why is dangerous being the honor twice to Eric. Error center lot of stress under lot of pressure. He's bursting at the seams. Here's a call from Hialia. Hello. Hey, Emil. Yes, sir. Uh, one of the, uh, that way I honestly don't remember the full title, but it had, was Marvin Hayden, Kyle, it was a Mauland window and Maria Shiger. And that's the movie that made Jack Valente stop the, uh, waiting systems. Are you talking about last, last angle in Paris? Well, that's not a sheer movie. Well, okay. Okay. That and the other movie was, uh, the, the seller who fell from Grace from the sea. Oh, yeah. That was, uh, Chris, Chris, Bob, a similar lizard to Ashley. Right. Uh, the other thing I think on your poem about who was, that lady, can't read, uh, from somebody who was around that time, myself. Yeah. And I worked. I haven't worked for another government after I got out back from Vietnam. Did you ever consider putting, uh, Jay, I grew over the FBI on there? Uh, he should. Well, he could have been in it. There no question about that. He hated the Kennedy's like poison. Well, I mean, if you put him and, and Jay, uh, and, uh, and, uh, I'm Linda Johnson together and Johnson's history in the Senate. I think you might have a much more viable, like, just like I said, Well, see this, how they're both seeing, but, yeah. If you're looking for their both push up, they'll throw. Okay. Thanks. Okay. We're listening to him. See this, how they both did. Uh, Jay, and grew over man. Do you know that he's buried right next to Clyde Tulson? Yes, I did, though, that. They're buried side by each. Thanks. Thanks. Yeah. Right. Jay and grew over, of course, was, uh, compounding fag files on all kinds of people. And every other kind of sexual pecker, Dilo, too. What a scumbag, man. And yet we got the Jay Edgar Hoover Justice Building in Washington, all this other crap. Well, you see, there's another example of how the American public don't know to God damn truth. When is it going to stop the people are going to, most people are just like, scraping it by, you know what I mean? Yeah. You got not that many. They want to sleep eight hours today. They want to get laid a couple of times a week. And they wanted to like have a couple of good meals and, and, uh, address their kids and send them to the school and that's it. Clean up their dogs, messin' a, uh, living room. Who the hell's got time to be sitting and reading this and reading that and are researching with who the hell's got time for that? And that's, and that's what they capitalize on. They know you don't have time. So they're the average person out there. They don't know crap. Even the intelligence was, forget about the dumb ones, which, you know, 80% forget about them. Even people who wanted or something, they can't find it out. They don't have time to be dittling with that. Jay Edgar Hoover, my ass, that they were, that they were fixing their races for him and Clyde, every time he go to the race track. And, and, and, I actually like to have a deal like that. Maybe I can call Dick Finder, good pop and a party. And, and every ticket that I, uh, have on a losing horse, they'll refund my money. Right. Do you know the, you know that? Uh-huh. Every losing ticket that Jay Edgar Hoover had these to give him his money back. Well, that's a hell of a bet. Talk about can't lose a win-win situation. Man. What a scumbag. What a crook. What a gloom boy. What a faggot. They used to do cross-dressing. What, that's, that's, what tells the name of that book. See, now we're getting on the dangerous territory. Because you know where I'm like, oh, she's, what's the one that really tells it like it is about his cross-dressing at that party. And about the fact that he was a flaming fag and him and Clyde, Tulson were boyfriend's at everybody knew it. Uh, somebody will know something. I mean, you know, we've talked about it a million times. But there's another group classic example. How many people in the country do you think of right that book? I've heard of man. Maybe, maybe at that. Here's a call from Lake Worth. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Funny movie. Army of darkness. Do I just might know it? Yeah. Bruce Campbell and like a. None of the above either obscure Northland. Oh, yeah. Like a man like the, uh, evil dead part three. Right. But it's excellent. You'd love it. I can't believe you're in the side. It's not excellent. Okay. Okay. Thanks. I want to know. I thought you said you, just a man. How could you have seen that and you don't know about it? I said, I didn't know about it. I said, I do know about it. It's not funny. Well, what is it? Army of darkness. No, but what is it? It's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's part three of the evil dead series and it's the worst of the month. Yeah. Well, he'd been, he likes it. Well, that's great. We can put it on there just because it is obscured. Did you get a, you know, we're here about obscured. Nope. He never had to get out of here. What do you mean it's not obscure? I mean, there was shelter down. If you went out on the street corner right now and you asked 20 people, you ever heard the Army of darkness. You just say early physics. Instead of going over this table with nothing, you have aículo, you didn't. You going, just say early, we have a little bit of fuel today. We don't fuckers today, but you really come. Ooh, I don't know. This thing hasn't been hot there since been. It's quite heavy. Normally some people might not open the way. But you having to create a hoop for your head. They got seen right on the ground. And there and then, ourі's going to speak for the comments. Yeah, which version? Uh, well, I don't know, the first one, whatever. The moment Vincent Price. Uh, dress for Kale? Dressed to Kale wasn't an obscure movie with Michael Caine? Uh, get out of here, you're an idiot. Whoop! 560560, pound 560 on a AT&T, Angie Dickinson was in there for about five minutes. Karen, Alan, whatever you name is. Now let me ask you something. The kid that played her son was he the same one that was in Christine? That's a good question. The goofy kid with those goofy glasses. I think it might have been. Good. You're a misnive watch Christina, man. It's because John Stockwell is in it. I understand. I, yeah, you do understand. Oh, and of course he had, I try to remember what happened. And we had some broken leg or something in there. Yeah. He's a hospital. Some broken leg, right? He ain't broken. And then he and the hospital, they were fixing it. And I was watching it. 5607, oh, 560. Army of darkness is on there. I don't know why he's highest this guy. And he was obviously a movie expert. Yeah, he didn't know our movie or another. Navy. But in about Julio, never seen any movies except those two. Are you picking on Miguel again? He's seen the Castro files. Oh, wait a minute. I'm going to keep my eye on his CNN thing because we want to break it right on the ear. Don't worry. Let's break it. 30 witnesses called. How many? God, good man. Did you hear that? You heard it. You can hear it, right? Oh, because that's. 60 beast has got seven. Pooody tang is got seven. The audience is in the Pooody tang. 24. That's too bad because we just can't for real. Executive action for the pawn broker to irreversible one. That's not how you spell irreversible. Okay, Eric. It's an eye. I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I of, I, know, let's go in, I, I, that now, that now yours I, ah, say I wab I for whatever you, my purchaser but again I have to go. Even I, I think you start to understand now, Mur cookies, like to ask, OSP's. This negative news is precisely, you can see from before, right now, give me your earphones, Kang-ri-rin-u, and then pretend nhat de-sees. That's obscure? No. Didn't win on his words and whatnot. Rave cars! I didn't a kid have played the hurt not that's important. Oh, but it's just a kid. Don't that mean that I think that's his a nerd. Yeah, nerdy kid. But he got better. But he ran a hell of a car. 156, 4 minutes. So, wasn't that now what the hell was that? What was the car? What was Christie? Was it a died? So the bride would know. No, you know, I'm talking, you don't, did you see that movie? I saw the movie. I can't name a old car just by the side of the... Yeah, you can. Not that. A teabird, maybe. No, it was not no teabird. I know, but... I wish I had a teabird. What was that? But I was in a pyramid? Might have been. Book of Mons, gonna be ringing that photo. Don't question now. That is the next one question. What kind of a car scene will be your whole bunch of time? BOSS Third man! It was like a red... Mm-hmm. Dodge. The solo? Flammeth? Henry J? Ha, don't be laughing at Henry J. That was one hot car man. That was... They don't make a like they used to. And more ways than one. You ever see Henry J? No. Well, what do you know? Three minutes till noon at 5.60 WQA, Man, imagine this, imagine zero closing, cause zero application fee. Zero credit bureau fee and zero discounted points when you buy your next home. It's the last mortgage you'll ever need. The Revolutionary Only One mortgage from Financial Group. Now with an amazingly low rate of just 1.95%. That's only 738 bucks a month if you have a 200,000 dollar loan. And listen to this, once you be finance or get a new mortgage from financial group, you'll never ever, let me say it again, never pay closing cost again. So call 1-8940 Land. Grab yourself real financing power with low rate mortgage. You can move your next property without any further cost or expense. It's the only one mortgage from financial group. Call 1-8... Have I ever given pardon? Keep court was the nerd. But that's... that's him right? Yeah. Call 1-8-940 Land for the Tails. It's a whole new way to buy zero underwriting fees. Zero.fiz zero pre-payment of penalty. Zero closing cost even when you move to another property. Or on the TV for the Fury. Get fine, but I said was a plumb. Yep. Get financing. It's just 1.95%. Never pay closing cost again. Call tool free. 1-8-940 Land Financial Group. 1-890. 940 L-E-N-D. There were an equal housing letter. Restrictions apply rates up to change monthly. 5.19 APR. 940 L-E-N-D. This is Fort Real by 6. 2-1-2-1-N. I am proud, Yiliana. Rush, laden, and I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla as with soap made from jewels. And listening to the new roky. I'm gonna use the outer. Check out! 4-8-940. Yeah, we too. Hey, kids, how would you like to go somewhere fun for vacation? Yeah! A place that's made for the whole family. Yeah! Well, get ready for Snoop Doggy Land. By the brilliant drive by Shura. And the low rider merry-go-round. Did this still much fun? Head over to Ganglamp for Biggie Smalls Wild. Biggest Limeral Ruff. Oh, Ruff! Check out Snoop Dogg's Cordonroll or Custer. But your shooting skills to the test. And try to ice a blood in a two-pot target range. Yeah! Every Tuesday is gotta go to get in pre-day. Ask about our Golden Platinum chain all day passes. This is the best vacation in the world. Yo, come ride the rides. I brought you rain. That's where it's at. Oh, yeah. You know what I'm saying? John Mahamagil, the Analphore Council. Oh! On Jeffrey Tube and just pointed out this was an incident. A series of weeks that terrorized all of us. Yeah, we know that. We'll go back in a hiding. Every time they feel like something like significant coming on, they got to, they got to drop his beard to the ass out there. Oh, here's Wolf Blitzgrigg. It must be pretty important. Larry the appraisal says obscure movie things to do in Denver when you're dead. Okay. I think I start buying Reezy, didn't it? Oh. Things to do in Denver when you're dead. Well, put it on there. I didn't have no idea what that is. I heard it. It's a good thing. It must be crazy. Well, you know, that's a kind of, now that movie was on like, in the Grove, what else did I see? They were in the Grove Parker Playhouse, I don't know. Nah, one of those. What do they show the artsy, artsy stuff? For like seven years in a row, I can't get both of them put it on there. Fairly obscure. I don't think most people have seen it. That must be crazy. Even they ran it for like 100 years in a row. Hope, I don't. It was at the one? The movie with the coke bottle, falling from the sky. Huh. Oh, you actually saw it? Yeah. Well, maybe we shouldn't put it on there. But we will anyway, we got to build our list man. Especially now that we got, let's rush this on, maybe. Let's rush to the radio. Come on. Let's pop a few rush. Pooody-Tain 14, 60 beast eight. I got that sitting right in my pile of DVDs. Executive Action 7, Banishing 0.5, the pawn broker with the great Rod Stagger 3. If irreversible it's got a pair, dangerous beauty one, help your scouter one, none yet for the way to gun or brother. Out of 41 votes. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Neil, an excellent obscure movie that came out in the 1970s, starring Bert Lancastor and Elaine Delan was called Scorpio. And it was about the CIA-ordered talent and organization where Bert Lancastor and Elaine Delan were supposed to do a last mission together and that Elaine Delan was supposed to assassinate Bert Lancastor. I saw that it was an excellent movie. Excellent movie. By the way, let me ask you, did you ever hear of Army of Darkness? I forgot to ask him if he ever heard of Army of Darkness. Did he ever hear of it? Hey, sir, did he ever hear of it? No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Get some, get some, none-spick, not old-cauter on the floor. Well, no, that guy wasn't an old-cauter. He's sitting ever heard of it. He said none-spick, none-old-cauter. You know, he was a spiel. Please, get out of town man. All he said was- Oh, good, I remember. Yeah, I'm right off the batty's as spick. So the jury is breaking for lunch. I wonder who's catering. Should we know these things? I see, I think we need to know a lot more about this stuff. Like, Lacey Peterson, what was her last meal? Oh, they Scott knows for sure. Don't we know the contents of John Van A's stomach? That's a good question. Because there was no, that was relevant to the case. Come on, you better get with it, Mr. You're starting to lose it. Talk about old man. Don't you remember all the discussion about that? And how about what's your name? How about, uh, what's that was her name? Oh, Jay's wife. Nicole? Nicole? See, you're, you're, you're, you're, listen about John Van A and I'm losing with Nicole. Well, I guess John Van A was a little bit too young for all of us. Most of us. Except maybe Miguel. But at any rate, uh, Nicole, and that was because of the ice cream, right? Right. We had to find out what flavor was now was hogging does and not, or was it been in Jersey? Was hogging the hogging us? And then they had that whole, that was a big part of the trial about, uh, you know, which ice cream, how long does it last before it melts? And it was sitting there on the thing and then how long did she had it? No, God. Remember that? Uh-huh. How could we forget? How could we forget? And I mean, tell you, he's still on her plane golf. A OJ, we want your ass on the electric chair before noon tomorrow. Okay. We're all going to come up. We're going to line up and I'll come back for that. I'll come back to pull the switch. Believe me. You miserable murdering son of a bitch. You got what a pile of crap. Maybe while the anarchists are in town, we could use a whole U.S.T.A.A. people. Why do you in town on your lunch break? Maybe you want to go down to your end, uh, have lunch with OJ, okay? Ask them a few tough questions. Or maybe take them back to the west coast. I'm not talking about Florida. But a banjo on his knee. You, how much do you think that the Goldman's have gotten a Browns from that civil suit? Eight bucks. Zippity, do, uh, zippity, do, uh, OJ. But he sure seems to be living a lavish lifestyle with Christy Prodey all over the place and creating all kinds of stir. A C George W. there would just finger up his nose. I'm going to know what OJ's got up his nose. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Here's somebody else. He's still pissed off and sunrise for the movie poll. It says, how about waking life? That's the perfect movie for South Florida to this, especially in sunrise and Halandale waking life. Never heard of it. Let's be great. If well, put it, now what does that mean? Right, typing it as we speak. What do you mean? Why do you say it must be? Oh, not Dan Wanda, Marco is not an obscure movie. And the Lord, right? Right, it was bad. And so is the other one they put on there. Moon over peridore. Ooh. Phil and Carl Springs. Well, and he liked it. We're not asking you if you liked it. Don't want to mark up a non-nercass. It's not a word of those are obscure or good. Moon over peridore. I never heard of. Do you ever hear of my girl? No. No, see? To out of free, you hear those. You lose, you lose, you lose. You don't have the word of any of these. That's why I'm using him. I'm glad he's there to click because he's an excellent nobody got father except for this show. No, nobody knows about Scarface. Of course. Because there's Cubans in it. I don't like police. Poo, Poo, the Times got 19. Look at Dan. You understand the most popular movie is going to win. The least obscure movie is going to win this poll. What did you buy that? The least obscure movie on the point. The one that's going to win? Yes. I never heard of it. Who's in it? It's a black movie. Oh, why don't hear about no dark movies? That's not done. I heard a black. Is it a black's boycation movie? No. Nothing good. Well, then who do I want to see it? Black, isn't it? Is, uh, I don't know. So there's nobody in it who we would know, right? No, then there's a Washington, no real life. I mean, it's just a bunch of two pops in it. How to street people. Are we going to go to the side door on there? What? Are we? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. People deserve to have their stuff on there. We're trying to build a list. So we have a respectable list on there. So people of vote on there. That's a try to like narrow a down about four choices. So that's a pointless. What's the point, man? You still have a alert. You're still pulled forward. Okay. You're still not a pull-up spray. I still have a lot to do. I understand the question. Work on your pull man. Work on your pull. I'm working on it now. I bet you are. Myers was pumping gas and manasses when he was shot. There are actually legal questions about both aspects of the charges against uh, uh, uh, Muhammad. Dastriazas and quit this crap. They're questions about this. Yeah. Couple of the lowest low-life scumbags and when that limelful, I, you know what they're going to be doing? Well, he's only 17 years old. He was brainwashed in a way too bad. Frisas. Plus he's a Jamaican. Yeah, man. See? We're like, uh, a lot of those Jamaican attitude. Yeah, man. For just a frisas. Just trying to set the record straight. And you know what else? Let's find Jamaican woman on her with them. There's to think, sit her in a middle to make any crazy. No, seriously, because I don't like that impurace attitude. I'm like being talked down to by people who we know got an IQ about inside of my thumb and like being talked down to. Like you got such hot, hot, hot stuff, man. You know? Although they do have the hot stuff. Hey, speaking of a hot time in the old town tonight, Fat Rachel probably would be a pompot apart. Pungent is brains out this week. He ought to be too. It's the 40th anniversary season of Great Harness Racing of Pompano Park. Hey, Erica, Dad, you're doing it, baby. And everybody should always remember that man doesn't live by bread alone. I'm a better way to relax after hard day work on a Wednesday than the stop at Pompano Park to watch and wait you're on some fast horses. Play a few hands of poker enjoy free general park and a mission and save bucks because it's dollar night every Wednesday at the track for draft beer sodas, hot dogs, and hang with the hooter girls. Though hooter's girls, that's right. Airvie Wednesday at the next month, the hooter's girls will be a pompot apart for dollar night, helping serve draft beers and sodas and meeting racing fans. I wonder what they're going to do for dollar. In addition to the hooter's girls, post time for the Harness races is 705 pm and the poker room is open from noon to midnight. Every live racing day, which is four nights a week every Monday, Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday, I see even Mickey McNickle want a couple of races you have tonight. Hey Mickey, you still stink. Pompano Park opens seven days a night to week for the best in Simon Casting, Harness, Thurber and the Highlight Action Prologger, across North America, feed or watch and punch your guts on. Whenever really good time, this is the place. And look after that couple that was sitting down by me, maybe they'll invite you, even just to watch. Pompano Park, a blouse out the air, I sure would. A blouse out the Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road for the race schedule, 9-5-4-9-7-2-2000 or go on to webbidpompanopark.com. Don't forget post time drive for the first live race, 705, and every Monday, Wednesday, Saturday, what is it? Saturday? No, every Monday, Wednesday, Saturday, and now you sound like Ephalonian, look what happened earlier. Monday, Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday, Pompano Park. My life is full, fixes for trail by 61, 21-2-8-8. Ah, my thigh can't get up. What do you mean? Well, you'll do I'm getting the tougher. It is the climate of bed and start the day. George doesn't know it, but this morning, he's getting pruned tang, a brand new breakfast drink that will get him up and acted before he knows it. Here, honey, drink this. Mmm, that bed tastes like Grembery, Juicy and Dunna. Fine feeling good. I feel like a good move of mountain. Come here, you little muffin. Oh, George. So let age get you down. Try the new breakfast drinks, weeping the rest homes of America. New pruned tang. Pruned tang. It stores everywhere. Oh, about your mom loves it. It's a 12-18-5-60-to-reasoner play that's because poody tang is winning. Right. The 21-photuses, that kid of action's got 10. Now, Book of Brian says, by the way, thanks for the Book again, Book of Brian. Charlie, Charlie was probably of student. I was a great movie. That's all 100 years ago, but yeah, it was all right. And who was in it? Clip Robertson. The Robertson for example. But it's absolutely correct. It was the Robertson. How does that other mind? Huh? Was it really? I was just shooting in the dark. No, that was it. And while in the streets. Okay. You seen it? Never heard of it. Never heard of it. Well, there he go. So we got two-four in there. Let's see. Ed and Fort Launderdale says the movie Undercover Brother was reasoned but fairly obscure or a good comedy about Kimbap's But's him time is poody tang. You know, I think we're wrong about that Charlie thing. Why is that? Clip Robertson played Charlie and Flowers for Algonquin. I think that's what we're both thinking of. What? Am I gonna have to get my book? Yeah, I think you're gonna, oh, I can go on IMDB. I'm already sure there. No, I'd rather pick up my 600-pound book. It's good exercise. Here's one. Here's Dr. Give me here. Give me here for a movie called Dr. Yeah. You did? Yeah. Well, that's what I opened to. Is that good? I don't know. I heard of it. Never saw it. It was good. We could put on list. Let's see Charlie Chan and Peris. Charlie and the Angel. Charles and Lucy. Charles, Alucie. But I must have been in Latin. Uh, Charles and Diana. I'll get back to you, Diana. And by the way, Charlie put your, uh, Kill back on. See, that's why he was kills for a quick, uh, Ah, asses. That's Faggot. What am I looking for? Charlie. Right. Uh, Charlie main. Charles did it. Well, I, how come I can't find it? Hmm. Charlie Bravo. Charlie Chan. Charlie's aunt. Charlie Brown. This book sucks. Am I spellin' it wrong? How do I have it? I'm gonna have to eat my other book in it. And this book is this video, Hown Golden Retriever book. But all the respect to my late golden retriever and all others, which are great dogs and book blows. So I have to go near the ground. In fact, whistle of tune. What about your book? What are your well-breds? Charlie. I got my book. There's like a million movies here named Charlie. Here's the ceremony. Christine. Oh, Charlie with a Y. Christine. How do you like that? starring Keith Gordon. John Stockwell, Alexander Paul. Yadi Adiyani. Does it mention the car in here? Yeah. Oh, yeah. 1958, Plymouth. This is off the page. 1958, Plymouth. There's no more scary than the Saint Bernard, which rom through Cujo. What, what does that mean? Who's going to move you about a Saint Bernard? I know that, but what does that mean? I thought that the Roth Stephen King stories. Charlie, a charisma must be getting close, right? Charlie Bubbles. Chariots of Fire. Charlotte's Web. Charlie's Angels. There is no goddamn Charlie. Charlie with a Y apparently and that. But you know something in this making it a different? What it's with? Because there's no Charlie. And guess what? What? It was Cliff Robertson. I know it was Cliff Robertson, but why isn't it in here? Because it's Charlie with a Y. I'm telling you it's not in here. The only thing there's Charlie one eye. Okay. Charlie one eye. I think it was Brown. Charles Mingus, trying for the underdog. Charles Dickens, David Copperfield. Charles did a alive. Charles and charge. I just made that up. Charlie's Angels. It's the sun in here. How's that possible? I don't know. I got it on my keyboard. I got two books. They got every movie that's ever been made including every private porn movie that's ever been made. Well, there's no IMDB. Damn it. Okay. So we wasted all that time we already knew who was. Now here's this fact that says reservoir dogs with Harvey Kytel. That's not an obscure movie. I was going to say nothing. But it's not an obscure movie. There's the other one they have on there. And something wild would not be a gripped in the way you'll be able to. It's also not an obscure movie. So DP whoever you are. No. Thanks for the effort. But the answer is no chance. Oh, no chance. Man, I thought we'd have like a thousand of these. By the way, John Maham and Gillian all four charges. We knew that. And when it come back from a tremendous lunch to jury, they're going to listen to the, all the other. Oh gee. Well, he never stole a freight train. And yadda yadda. Fry his ass. Okay. We want to know how God did. In fact, it's not going to show the Reagan's put that on her on CBS. Get the ratings up again. Okay. Everyone can agree on that. Tom Jicka had the most ridiculous column. And he's not the only one to wrote this crap about, Wow, you know, just be glad that the Reagan thing didn't ear because it was so one side in here. See, Tom is one of those Republicans in a closet. I really am sure believes that Reagan was a great president. And that we should all be looking Reagan's ass because he's 92 and had Alzheimer's for 40 years. And he's been, you know, it's dying. Well, he might live for like another 10 years with that. And he's going to know who to know is that keeps saying, well, he's in the final stages of Alzheimer's. There wasn't recognize Nancy. He's pretty happy about that last part, by the way. But I mean, he's 92. How many of us are going to lose to be 92? Good man. Right, ma. How many. What do you like? How many of us are going to live to be 92? How ma? She's actually she's doing a little bit better. Her blood pressure is 799. But at any rate, of course, that's where their arm deep inside her. Well, she's trying to like help it along. So as biased in her one side, it made them look like a goofball, like a homophobic, all the things that he really was. I say right on. And as far as Barbara Strasins concerned, shut up bitch. I am. I am so tired of her, man. Even though her politics are the same as why I'm big deal. Great. Shut the hell up. Don't help. So James Broal and was in her husband. Great. That's fine. He's a good actor. That's fine. We're entitled to say a John this view of this scene. I'll uh, right wing the lunatic. Piece of crap. He have John this too. He had John this. In fact, uh, yeah. He has the old plague. Get rid of him. And Tom jick or vice. Well, so on. Side it and it's good thing. It was not a good thing. It's never a good thing when people are pressured. It and that you want something to be in play of a biased, John this eyed the things on you about the Kennedy's and lots of other people. And nobody ever screamed about that. In fact, ask your federal judge to let him make unsupervised trips to his parents' house and can you believe that they're doing a John Hinkley story just to have a talk about Ronnie Ray Gunn again. Wow. And poor James Brady. So we have bad lieutenant Scorpion. I'm trying to make sure we have all these in names on the list here. Pooody tang. I'm thinking I'm going to catch his scorpion. What do I say? Scorpion. I don't know. I'm just that. Because I never heard of it. No, it's Scorpio. You never saw that? What do you think, should we let John Hinkley out? No. Just once in a while. And don't say anything, please. We don't need the secret service. Here's a four-later nail. Hello. Yeah, hi, darling. Pretty good, sir. I, I, I can't work orange. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha ha. I need a real good land for the middle of my Monday. Always good to stare out the week with a real good chuckle. Yeah, clockwork orange is pretty obscure, right? Yeah, yeah. What the hell was that all about? Man, that sounded like a Revenge Schwarzer somebody. I don't know who the hell that was. Some idiot. Yeah, clockwork orange is pretty obscure. I got another good one too. Yeah. You ready? I'm ready. Strap yourself in. I'm like, song of the south. Ha ha. They're never going to see that. They're on the, no they're not. Although I know someone who has a pirate. Who'd like copied? Oh, no. I do that. Don't be doing that. I'm going to distribute it. Twenty seven past noon is five sixty. Reamus. Reamus. Reamus. I like to, I'd like to remasleep sound a dialo mattress. You know, the mattress industry is full of phony claims and shell gains, but those of us who are smart, like Fredo. We, I sleep on a mattress and dialo mattress even George is doing an animal gel. Look at us. This is three for three. We're batting a thousand. Ha ha ha. All three of us are sleeping on a mattress and dialo mattress. Look, a branch sleep at on one. Even fat boys sleep on like an extra king and queen sewn together. And because dialo mattress doesn't play any games. They go all the top brands in a world. This compresses every day on them. Now we've been including Stearns and Foster Hewitt. And when you call 1-800 mattress, you still get that fantastic service. You pick the day in time for delivery when it's convenient for your ass. Any two are when though seven days a week from eight in the morning till ten at night. On a sales practice is fantastic. Unbeatable service. Every day low prices. Same day delivery and pre-setup and removal. So it's easy to see with all of these things. Like dialo mattresses ranked the best in the world of customer satisfaction. So don't get sucked in by those ads in the betting and the furniture stores because they can't match. Even come close to the great deal you get all the way around from dialo mattress. If the old mattresses lumpy and bumpy and worn out do yourself in your back a big favor. Get a great night's sleep for years to come to smart the inexpensive way by calling dialo mattress. 1-800 mattress. 1-800-MATTRASRILINE. It's mattress.com. 5-Local V6. V6. V6. V6. V6. V6. V6. V6. V6. V6. V6. V6. V6. V6. V6. V6. V6. V6. V6. V6. V6. V6. V6. V6. Girl-in-one of all those all would like that as I now remember it all that I once used things on the street in, that started at前wards at a time. life was all I was actually thinking mainly aboutjangling, as phenomena give you water. As a mereอนed prod singer to fly or like watch the clock Detailsieri for all that I ever made dedimics or sometimes recalming a deep melodic play scene and if I still knew the music director, or for like this thing, if I did that, just would like watch it, maybe it won't hurt. If I did the whole thing like this, I am havingution right now. For like this... Because I want to say, honestly. I mean, it became a bit scary. We were supposed to get moving a shit-handista- F*** sound a f***- WADDK! Workers at CNC music factory were expected to pump out 120 beats per minute 11 hours a day until someone came up with a hit song Norien Paine was the shrill demanding boys who strobed them on No, it was a bad guys! Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh! Oh, maybe it would come way! Oh, oh, oh, oh- But Norien has deep regrets about the way the workers retreated F***- Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh! But the athlete titled, Gonna Make You Sweat was not the only hit that CNC music factory produced Oh, that piece of shit! Oh, that piece of shit! My best friend had to die to make that crappy song! Pervy recalls the day, things that make you go, hmmm, was produced For a little Sammy, he got caught in a sampling loop on the synthesizer belt and he, oh, it was blood everywhere. He was a simple man, he just wanted to buy food and clothing for his wife and their 14 disabled children. Oh, God! I hope you're happy out there, doing a good man died So you could listen to a f***ing damn song! You bastard! The CNC music factory! People getting paid next to nothing to turn out a useless piece of crap! Not that different from your job, really, isn't it? It's a big juicy, shopping-wear-look at show business tonight on inside of mine! You can say that again, probably not! When I had these sanity hearings to see if he could be like, Try and like, as a same person? I remember the event. Do you know how they knew he was crazy? I think about he had the house for duty foster. That's right, that was all done. That's right, for that old, d'ike. Anyway, here's a couple of good f***ing facts, I think. Must he obscure movies the magic Christian with Peter Sellers and Ringo Star? Never heard of it, to you, either boy. Where's that working on you? Oh, let's find the magic Christian! You give him a really good look and poop, he just disappears. Wouldn't that be great? And put me swoop! I've heard of that, but I never did. It's great sat there to the advertising business, starring nobody I ever heard of at the time, nor can I remember now. Nice job, Mike W. And also, Jeremy News Springs is always a good fact, you say? And I actually heard of this movie, I didn't see it. I'd like to suggest the swimmer. A very obscure movie released in 68, starred Bert Lange Castor in Janis, ruled erected by Sydney Polic, a Pollock, and Frank Perry. I don't think it was a obscure, I never saw it, because it's a good one. Oh, come on, the swimmer? It's on cable all the time. Do you ever see it, Miguel? Why are you asking him? He hasn't seen anything. Well, that's the idea. It was from a short story by John Cheever, who was probably Kim to Jerry Cheever, used to be going for the Rochester Amherks in the Toronto Maple Leafs. The only reason I saw this film is because it was the second feature with wait until Darkhead, a drive-in theater. It's about an insane man, Lancaster, swimming homes through all the swimming pools in his county, and all the people he meets along the way of fabulous movie says Jerry, it's fabulous. I heard it was good. The swimmer with Bert Lange Castor. It was a great actor, and now he's dead. Damn it! Jesus, what is it going to stop our work? What is it going to stop already? You know what? Let's see, go the on all four counts. Great mom, great wife, great sisters, she helps so many people. Well, we don't want to hear all this song in a dance, and what is that? You know about the people that he killed Malice, that's wonderful. We know it's a sad and tragic, and he were great, but they're still dead. What is that? That's news. You know, this is something that's happened in the last beginning, since we had since the advent of like CNN and MSNBC in Fox, and ESPN, all the news and sports channels. Now, everybody's got a microphone stuck in their post. You notice that? Yeah. I mean, years ago, they would play a ball game, and I might have baseball, hockey game, football, and that would be it. You know, and then you'd see like some highlights later on the sports cast on the news. Now, because they got all these hours to fill up everybody right after the game. Okay, here's the coach. Here's a couple of players. They're sitting down. They got the big microphones. What is that? tennis players, you know? Well, I thought I had a really good forehand. There, in fact, that's what Bush said, and that the nose pick and so had a good forehand. Well, who what is that all about? Everybody's got a forehand. You know, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, too much bull crap. Pony Tang is got 26 votes. What's fairly obscure, movie that most people probably haven't seen. Do you think they must see? Pony Tang 26. Executive action. Love it. This is a good way to get executive action because it's going to be the 40th anniversary Saturday of the assassination of President Kennedy November 22th. Health and also, Bert Lancaster. Health is Governor nine. Sex EV's nine. Pondbroker eight. The gods must be crazy. Eight vanishing point eight. It was a reversible five. We had a gun five. That's a good movie. Moon over parodore five. Bad lieutenant foe. Uh, what else is on there? Uh, things to do. And then when your dad's got three, I mean, Bad lieutenant five. Uh, very bad things three. Army of darkness three. Say. Scorpio. Scorpio two. Dangerous beauty one. Walking life one. Zero for brother Charlie and wildest streets out of 113. Need just one on there, right? It's supposed to be waking. What does it say on there? Walking, waking, walking. How about the fourth man and liquid sky? It says PS Howard David wears a douchebag. Absolutely. What about those two? Fourth man and liquid sky. What do you say? Part of them never saw him. Okay. Good. Put him on there. Strangers out of train. Helper. Hitchcock movie. Very good movies that obscure. No. I don't think you heard of it. Not to me. I've seen most of the hitchcocks, including that one. Well, I'm not to see everything is with to you, to you. You started sound like you. You have a big, no, but you're right. Big ego, my ass. Maybe a big ass, but not a big ego. You're what I mean. Strangers out of train, Hitchcock. I don't know. That's really not obscure movie. That's what I'm saying. But this one is relatively as DP tries again. I'm one out of two to a good. A boy in his dog, Dod Johnson. You're right. It shouldn't have that. You know something. That could be the definitive movie that we're looking for. What was the other one I called for earlier, or that said was, um, Helter's skeleton. That was good. And this was very good to a point is dog. That's exactly what's here. No, it shouldn't be. But nobody knows what it is. Dod Johnson when he was young and hung. And Jason Robards is great. Best punch warrant ever. Sure, Lov Jason Robards man. He was. So every time they used to talk in the olden days, I'm a year ago, but who was the greatest actor of mall. It was used to be their hell, whole-brook Jason Robards. And there was somebody else they were. Oh, and uh, was the Harrison Ford? I don't know. There was threw them all in there. Oh, no. I'm not Harrison. Jean, uh, Hackman. Those three. Okay. That's pretty good. The trio, when you say. Yeah. Jean Hackman. Albert Finney. Peter Finch. Here's one that says I was going to suggest either running on empty, probably River Pinos' best movie, or run low-lore run. I love the doctor. How do you like that? I just came across that and the thing. Psychically. The doctor. It starts where you heard. Where you heard it's a great actor. Yes, he is. Wasn't where you heard and sleeping with the enemy? Who played Julia Robards husband and sleeping with the enemy? Uh, it wasn't him. I forget the guy's name, but it wasn't him. He's been in a bunch of movies. I don't know his name right off. Oh. I'll find it before you do. So help me, God. If, no, that's gotta be it. Don't do that because it takes all the fun away. Anybody can go online and find stuff real quick. It's more of a easy, fashion, the way in a book. Sleeping with the enemy starring Patrick Bergen. That's him. Yeah. I don't even know who the hell that is. He's been here. I can see him. He's a great actor. Excellent actor. Kevin Anderson. But Julia Robards. Mm-hmm. Also good ending. She was on, what tells that movie that I like that you probably don't like. Is it the Pelican brief? I don't know how to recite. Ah! The Pelican brief would Julia Roberts. What is wrong with you, man? I don't even know where he's. Oh. So what are we going to do with these running on empty or run low or run? And the doctor. Let's put them all on there. Where you're heard as a doctor gets stroke cancer. It's to find out first's hand how badly patients are feeded by the doctors. Very strange, but very good. That sounds right up our alley. Because we're not too big on doctors on this show. No, because most doctors are butchers man. They suck their neurotic. They pop a lot of pills. Oh, big on that rushes back on. And they play a little bit of the audio from his return to the air today. And well, I tried twice on my own, but it said we can't do it. And we have a baron. A lot baron. Plint and kill all those people. Same old crap. No change. No change. No humility. Just the same old bag of wind. You know? Which is just what you expect, right? No, I expected him to be good. Right, right. One of my favorite movies of all time. Waiting for government. It says it's obscure, but it's a must see. Most people who watch it will get a chuckle, but it only hits some of you. Been involved in any aspect of acting or theater, especially community theater. All the stereotypes are brilliantly conceived and executed, especially Fred Willierd. Waiting for government. What do you say? Let's put it on. Waiting for good, though. Waiting for government. Waiting to do the break. Fall 42, wait no longer. Pick up that phone and call fast training. Get yourself a life in a career. Yeah, I mean, you can go out there and flip hamburgers for a minimum wage. Or you can do like Miguel and sit around and just, you know, the only fewbies you get a little squeeze with the arena, we once in a while. But if you want a real paycheck. Here's the answer for your call fast train. One, eight, six, six fast train. Cause in just four short months, you can be fully trained ready for a great new career. Either as a computer network professional or a high pain medical computer specialist. Four months out of your life. You can just take a look at the video. And you can find a good big fat paycheck and a life and be a mince. Fast train offers day evening weekend classes. If you're out of place when assistance financially, the people who qualify as well. And with four south floor locations, it just makes us even Todd Dreck who can count that high. I think even he knows that before locations, there's body one in south floor to close by you. So call fast train today and the change your life. Pick up the phone and call toll free one, eight, six, six fast train. If you like and check out out on our web first at fast train.com. But make that call could be one of the most important ones you'll ever make. Fast train at one, eight, six, six fast train. We're sports radio five six. You a M. Because we'll place your from their Republican party. The CBS many series that are riggins will not be shown. So check out our new lineup tonight on CBS. And hey, no, God, you should show about nothing. Staring the secretary of defense. It's one spell. All into the column in roll peace. Here are no couple wiggins. And who do you think he or with his prayer phone? Sounds like a whole G.A. with Mr. Butler. From spell tonight at eight. Oh, God, everybody, love Reagan. Just pick and judging, Judy tonight on CBS. Come on, 46. Speaking of aluminum takes you're going to love this. Not president George Bush and Tony Blair have agreed an exit strategy for pulling out of Iraq officially ending the occupation next year. Welcome in troops to the region until 2006. Huh. In a move to that off growing criticism at the security situation in Iraq is spiraling out of control and that moves to greater political autonomy for the Iraqis need to be accelerated. The two leaders will make the blueprint to centerpiece of the discussions during Bush's day visit of Britain this week. While the birds are going through a spotted dick at the president. So let me understand this. Yes. We're pulling out. But the troops are. Right. Huh? When in doubt we're pulling it out. What are we pulling out? Oh. Officially ending the occupation next year while committing troops to the region until 2006. Which sounds to me like at least a little more than two more years or like depending on when in 2006. Like January like in December. Why do you see what I'm saying? Yeah. Yeah. Now, towards the try to like save faces more and more people are dying every day over there. As more and more people are getting on to them and as more and more it spirals out of control with a gorilla war that go on. In other words, they're just going to change the label. Oh, and by the way, the electricity's off and bagged in. I think you should know that. Not that any more. I'm pouring me. Yeah. Okay. Let's see. Why an area is of the wrecky camp without electric power. Starting this morning. I don't know. They're not telling us whether it's back on or not. What do they have to do that culture? That's true. Oh, I'll get to that. Although maybe I won't get to it today. Maybe I'll have to wait for a month. Oh. This is a couple of stories I missed last week. And of course, that's because I was sidetracked as we had a lead for round business going on. So we missed a lot of really important important stuff. US troops opened fire on a truck carrying live chickens knew the 10-stown of Feluca. Killing five civilians aboard the vehicle, including father and his two sons were alive said last two Wednesday. That ain't funny. The shooting took place at a roadblock Tuesday night. They sent Feluca's the set of numerous anti-merk and attacks. And US soldiers have been on high alert. They went to bring chickens. And they came back at 9 or 10 nights at Khalid Khalifa Al-Jumali, who soon if used were killed on the truck. The Americans fired on them. Well. That was... Well, they had no comment. The US. Also, same day. US troops opened fire accidently on a car carrying a member of the Red governing council. The Red administration said last Wednesday. The council members skipped injury, but the driver was injured. US officials issued a statement saying they expressed regret over the shooting and apologized to the cleric, who was traveling with them. Sorry, father. So there you go. That other thing about the Bush and Blair come from the Guardian on the limits from the bread papers. Okay, again, back to the movies. Here's a thanks to says, how about breaker Moranth. What? Yeah. Great times to go about the Bohr War and a political incident. And I'll straighten movie with worldwide distribution of my personal top 10. Never heard of it. Did you? Yeah, I saw it. Was it good? It was good although a little bit slow pace, if you know what I mean? They liked it. They were making them around. And also it says, are you sure Army of Darkness is not hard of darkness? Are you sure? Huh? I'm sure we were having a discussion with the guy. He's seen pretty clear on which one. I've seen pretty clear. In fact, all the people who said they haven't heard about Army of Darkness did not say hard of darkness. Let's see, Bill the one doesn't hate George and for a lot of nails says. There are directly interpretive results at the conclusion of this poll. The winning movie would not be the one with the most votes, but rather the one with the least. It stands to reason that the more votes the movie receives the less substrate. Now let me let me draw you a diaphragm. Okay. We're not asking which of these movies is the most obscure. We're asking which girl they have scrim movie did you like the best was like a must see highly recommend. Got it now, Bill. No. Okay. We'll work on it. Send them over to Telegram. Oh, this thing is going to be pissed off because how do I change my homepage back? It's one thing I don't know how to do. Go to options. What options? Where? What are the options? Where are the options? Where are the options? Where are the options? Where are the options? Are you crazy? Hey, I got you through. We can do this on the air. It'll be fun. Okay. Well, I got to get it done. Now I don't want to look at this thing. Tools. My hero of business. Internet options? Yeah. And then it's right there. Home page. Just type in what you wanted to be. Okay. Oh, no. Okay. Thanks. All right. Here's to movies. It says that where obscure is a breast key point. And cruising with Al Pacino was obscure. I didn't think so. It was gay. It says after it came out, it was never released again. Because it was such a homophobic. I've not just a piece of turd. And even he's embarrassed that he made a movie. And that it was like totally misunderstood. But that wasn't obscure. But the breast key point. What's the point? I never heard that. No. Plus, I never heard George talk about Cartman doing put the lotion and the basket from South Park. Well, then he's not listening close enough. Yeah. It works the lotion in the basket. I never tasted taste yet. So what does that mean? Nothing. We mentioned it when it was on when I was filling in or something in passing. He missed it. Okay. Not that big of a deal I guess. No, that really. The big deal of the old people got to be the safest. Hempest. A Bernard architect. They pirlously on hinge John Cassivetti. So he was a great actor. Remember him? Yes. That complexion. Try to get away from it all. And he seemingly idolatryed Gile on the supremely loose land acted adaptation of Shakespeare's play tempest in a peep on. This pleasantly rambling portrayal of the Middle Ages crazy. He's rather broad even my right to direct your palm as their skis. Estimable standards. Well, this is a some real intellectual here. Um, copying out of a book. But Cassivetti's holding unpredictable performance keeps the considerable preciousness for ever getting too thick. I don't like it when they're too thick. He's aided by a uniformly wonderful cast including Gina Rollins, Susan Surrand and Molly Ringwald, especially Raoul Julia, as it came to a laying racked out lets you a go-hurter. Got it on those. This is from the Palm Beach drum maker. So temp is let's get that on there. Got it. How about the movie Swingers? Never so. Says it's not about George. It stars Vince Vaughan and John Ferro Farvo Miguel Siles. Madam, screw. Swingers? It's not. Now you tell me I already said it. Yeah, put it in there. What is he? You don't know. You wouldn't know. I don't heard of it. No, no, no. Or pitch one of your will be still wouldn't know. Poody Tang's got 32. The gods must be crazy. He's got 16 which they showed that. What the hell's that RC4C theater? You stay haven't a grow. Oh, quite. I don't know. I saw Rocky Horror there. They sure that for like 20 years every night at midnight. I want to say some sort of a playhouse. The coconut grow playhouse. No. Maybe it was. I don't know. Ask a what's his name? Queen. No review. What's that was his name again? 560560. He was built. Costards. Good friend. Rust and piece. Boy, I want to shame that is. You know what? Oh man. That was the worst death in all of Sound Florida. Because he was young guy. It was a great guy. And he was like young. We didn't even know he had diabetes. So any of you people out there that are fat, they're like kind of hergid diabetic. Every time you're going to put that next month full of carbohydrates in your post, think about bill costford. Diabetic. Well, he must have been like early 30s when you say. Right. At least mid 30s. Great guy. Former movie reviewer and general all around good guy for the hero. See to actually have a good people work for the hero. Howard Kleinberg. I don't think he is under payroll anymore. Nice going Howard. Here's a call from New York. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. I got one. The dualists. The dualists. Yeah. Really? Who was it? Really Scott. With Harvey? I tell one of the characters. Right. Okay. Great movie. Okay. We got it down. Battle Valgers. Thank you. Let's go on. How long have you got about 100? Yeah. Just one more. Go ahead. Have him with creatures. Okay. Thanks. He could have probably gone on some midnight. You got to put that with everyone you like. Cause I never heard anything. Was he ever heard the dualists? I saw having the truth. Was that like the penis? Having the creatures wasn't bad. It's just a bizarre British movie. Then I he liked it. He liked the movie. Put it on there. Okay. Don't be like us. You know psychoanalyzing your one of these. If he liked it, that was the question. He's got his top 80 list. 560. 560. Don't forget we got the man dog at 2. The Humphors doing the show at 2. The Ricky Williams show at the Cleveland or night at 7 o'clock after the Dolphins. Early in overtime. Eaked out. Squeeze the desperate victory against the coma. Inducing Baltimore Ravens. Man. That was really weak. Week. Olendomade on his 80 fifth chance. I'll end the final kick the game when he feels going overtime. Well, he's getting really nasty. You know. He's getting pretty bad. He ain't no Adam Benentary alternative. Meanwhile, of course, the Patriot shout out Dallas, 12 zip and build parcellels. They zip this lip. The big eight to ten only two hours a day. I thank God. Uh, any K. 10 and Mark Eisenberg solo to the 5 and a.m. he's doing it solo. Although he is married, isn't he? Yeah. Mark Eisenberg has a wife? Sure. All we should be to surprise because Eric's got a wife. Right. Children both of them. They have what? Children. So they've been doing it then. We have proof. Well. Michael Jackson's got kids too. We don't know who they are. And time crews 12.56 at 5.60. W.M. Shelly Bloom's fashion co-dears. They've been serving a men in South Florida for 40 long. Amazing years. And that's in great location 26.15 Northwest of Thavroom in the Miami fashion district. At Shelly Bloom's you'll find fine men's clothing from suits and sport coats. Slacks, dress and sports shirts ties even shoes. As to the postage. The Bloom's what the secret is to stay in business for the past 40 years. They'll tell you the three keys to their success are. Service, selection and price. Simple as that. George U.R. Monty suits itself from 1395 bucks to 1595. Our only 795 bucks at Shelly Bloom's fashion co-dears. They even offer fantastic, unbeatable selection of Italian suits. Starting at just 225 bucks each. The selection is fantastic. The service is great. Thousands and Zillions of suits in stock at all times. And the alterations are the best you'll find anywhere. Stop by Shelly Bloom's today. Your final 2650 Northwest Fifth Avenue Miami Fashion District. You're open Monday if you Saturday 9.30 in the AM till 6 PM for the best for the most beautiful stuff. You look like a real men's like a human being. A Shelly Bloom's fashion co-dears in Miami. This is for 205.16 PM. You weigh in. But heads. It's the one to two hours. Woo! Oooo! Oooo! And culture is a party girls like 40 girls like 40 girls like 40 girls like. Oh. Woo! And culture is a party girls like 40 girls like 40 girls like 40 girls like. Ohhhh. Ohhhh! I'm perfect. Wait, it's alright. is Massibian no turn The fucking bitch. It's a minute after one happy Monday to it, 560 WCM the Mad Doggy coming up at 2. Here's Alex who says on his facts. The whole question for a moral who has a worst group of sod glued to their head, no Howard or Panthers coach Rick Dudley. That's a tough one. P.S. if I hear Mokar Rick awakens the dreadlock demon one more time, I made two Oliver's Muscra. This tongue is tongue way to get around Sus Alice. I thought he only looked Jay Fieler's. Braccombe ass. Now he gets it around. Tommy is that Arta'my who says strange land? Yes indeed. Well I'll be damned. Thanks Tommy. Tommy looks pretty good by the way. He's start look human. He's got a new dude and a little dude dude. I guess that was a fat boy. Less the old dude dude. It's a dippie dude dude. Yeah. So I'll Franken writes. See how much you thought I was going to forget about this. I wasn't going to let you. Al Franken is number one New York Times best seller lies and I'm going to tell you something. I'm really getting it. Although they got a lot of time to fill. But you know, this business rushes back on the air. You know how many times they've had that on this hour on CNN. I'm not all ready. Okay. He really needs the free publicity. The people will get the most publicity. The Howard Stearns and the fat ass limbosa in this world. They can't stop a fawning over these people enough. You know, the rest of the people like us who need the publicity. Hey, that fat bag is still on here in Miami. You know stuff like that. Ah, what the hell are you? No, nobody. Which is probably this as well. Lies and the lying liars who tell them a firm balance look at the right. And I think that Fox went to court to try to stop the. Oh my god. It changed the name of the book and it judge said who are you kid man. You Nazi bastards. You are you kid anybody tell. Remember to stick it anyway. Chapter to any outbreak in book. It's not that long. And the chapter either. And culture. In that case. I love this. It says I know you think the chapter title is a little harsh. But believe me in Colbert's case. Not cases more than justified. I should know you see an and I are friends. I personally wasn't aware that myself until I read it in the New York Observer. They did a profile of colder when her bio filled relentlessly ugly bestseller slander. Top the New York Times list. And for some reason I guess to establish her bona fidees is a just a lovable gal about town. She told the writer from the observer that she was friendly with Alfred. I found that odd. I've met Anne Colter once. At a Saturday night live party. When she introduced herself to me I made what in retrospect was a terrible mistake. Instead of saying, Anne Colter your horrible person. Oh, I just hate you. Or something along those lines. Instead I was cordial. For maybe a minute or two. That's the sum total of my personal interaction with Anne Colter. And yet to her it was enough to include me on a very short list of people she's friendly with. But that'd be sure. But no more dishonest than every other word that comes out of this woman. Colter for those of you lucky enough not to have been exposed to is the reigning diva of the historical right. Rather the historical diva of the reigning right. Colter's appear on shows like ABC's this week. Good morning America, hardball, lyric king live and need to day show to complete among other things that conservatives don't get on TV enough. For books like her TV appearances consist of nonstop, rabbit, frothing. For first, high crimes and misdemeanors the case against Bill Clinton put around the radar as an up and coming liar. For next book, slander liberalize about the American right. argues that liberals use lies and true accusations to the baseball circle discourse in America. It's a fascinating exercise in dishonesty hypocrisy and irony of the unintentional sort. Let's get right to some examples. And there are examples and examples and examples. Take the dramatic conclusion of slander. After 206 pages of accusing liberals of among other awful things. Being a leadist snobbs, he trots out her crowning piece of evidence. Proof of the New York Times disregard and contempt for what we Americans care about. And here's this article. Today after seven time NASCAR wins and cup champion Dale Earnhardt died in a race at the Daytona 500. Almost every newspaper in America carried this story on a front page. Stock car racing in the nation's fastest growing sport for a decade and NASCAR the second most watched for Pianne in a fill. More Americans recognize the name Dale Earnhardt than say, Marine Dowd Manhattan liberals are Dumbly blinking at their last sentence. It took the New York Times two days to de-mernhardt's death sufficiently important to mention it on the front page. Kevin strain the left renown populist touch the article began his death brought a silence to the Walmart. The times went on to report that in vast walks of the country people watched stock car racing. Techie people were mourning Dale Earnhardt all over the south. Pretty powerful in diamond I have to admit says Al Franken, not no mention for two days. Once-a-all problem, Dale Earnhardt died on February 18, 2001 and is actually a picture of the front page of the York Times on the next day. On February 19, 2001 which by my calculations the next day the times ran a front page of Katovernhardt's death, written by sports writer Robert Lipsite under the headline, stock car star killed on last night of the day, Ton of 500 here, look at it and on the next page of the videos. Frankly I think the fact of New York Times didn't have a front page article on Dale Earnhardt today after he died, kind of undercuts your point that they didn't, don't you? I mean if they didn't that would have been something, huh? But they did. And then there it is, free to read. And by the way, the article that Colter Be First to, the one written two days later, it was by Rick Bragg, a Pulitzer Prize winner who grew up in Piedmont, Alabama. Boy I hate those Piedmont snubs, it's always Piedmont has the bestest and Piedmont has the best death, yeah well if you Piedmont. Where did Ann Koder come from, oh she's a lawyer, one of the elves who well-polished Jones-Goeffter Bill Clinton, that's a feather in her cat, she was born in 1961 or 1963, depending on what he believed her old Connecticut drivers license, which says 61, or her newer DC drivers license, which says 63, the Washington Post-Lift Indivis. And then claimed the DC license as correct which means that when she registered to vote she was 16. The Post-check with a new kin and Connecticut registrar's office, that of course will be voter fraud. Either way, she lied and at least won a regrettable license as a government ID, which is a violation of federal law under the Piedcut Act, I believe she could be locked up indefinitely for that without being allowed to talk to a lawyer or a judge or a paul ason. Now lots of women lie about their rage, but erases a concern about Colter of that really as her name. The Colter's misstatements about her age make us question the veracity of the seemingly factual statements in her book, such as, Liberals hate America, Liberals hate all religions except Islam, Democrats usually hate working-class people, Liberals hate society, even Islamic terrorists don't hate America like Liberals do, Democrats will destroy anyone who stands in their way all that matters to them is power. Liberals catch us come out and say they want to take more of our money, kill babies and discriminate on the basis of race. Liberals seek to destroy a sexual differentiation in order to destroy morality. That's the whole point of being a liberal to feel superior to people with less money and liberals are crazy. All of this seems to slide as to the odd considering that the first line of the first page of slander is political debate in this country has become insufferable, and she explains instead of actual debate about ideas and issues of real consequences, the country has trapped in a political discourse that resembles professional wrestling. So what is Colter's contribution to civilizing our political discourse? Well, in the entire 26 pages, she never actually makes a case for any conservative issue. Not school vouchers, not supply side tax cuts, not privatization of social security, the entire book is filled with distortions, fatulers and vicious, invective, slander if you will, bolstered by the shoddy's research to the side of the Hitler diaries. Take for example this gem from page 68. The supporter claim that the mainstream media is in the hands of lefties, Colter makes the point that news with Washington bureau chief Evan Thomas, is the son of Norman Thomas of wartime socialist candidate for president. Actually Norman Thomas was the socialist candidate six times, running first in 1928 with a radical proposal for something called social security. It's odd that Colter under states the number of times the Thomas was the socialist party nominee, because that would make her argument that much stronger. If Norman Thomas had been Evan Thomas's father, which he was nine. Now in fairness to Colter, this kind of research is tough to do. I asked Team Franken how somehow one could be able to find out something like that. There were numbers suggestions, Google search, next search, go into the New York Times archives for the Oral Obit, and then one of the kids hit on a simple yet quite brilliant idea. Why not call Evan Thomas? Just for a future reference, and here's a transcript of my call with Evan Thomas. Me, Evan, thank you for taking my call. Evan Thomas, no problem, how else up? Me was Norman Thomas your father, Evan? No. That's possible enough, but to protect my reputation for a thoroughness, I didn't let Evan off the quite so fast. Me, are you sure? Evan, yes. Me and your father was his name. Evan, Evan Thomas senior, I'm a junior. Me, a ha and your father, Evan Thomas senior, and he ever went for president. Evan, no, he was in publishing. Me and your sure? Evan, yes, how is this about that end? Colter thing? Me, yeah. Evan, I heard about that. Is there something wrong with her? Yeah, there is, particularly considering that when going after the book publishing industry called her complaints that liberal Jeremiah is making the print without the most cursory fact checking, which reminds me I really should be fact checking this thing as I go along. Actually, I do take great pains in my research in my last book of this nature. A little number one New York Times best seller entitled Rush Limbo's a big pet, idiot, and other observations. Only one claim was arguably inaccurate, and I'm pleased to be the first person to point it out publicly. And writing the book I said in preliminary findings from a study by Kathleen Hall Jamison, regarding the political literacy of radio talk show listeners. In the final version of the study, the funny show that people listen regularly to political talk radio, were able to identify the present more frequently than I given credit for, I regret the year. Even John Fund, Limbo's ghost writer on the way things ought to be acknowledged to me abad grudgingly, that I had done an honest, though thoroughly vicious job on his guy. Colter, however, spawn a cottage industry of slander debunkers, some of whom dailyhowlhowler.com, spincentety.org and salon.com, I'm cribbing from. Colter's defense heard in countless appearances on talk shows is, I have footnotes, or there are 35 pages of footnotes, or I have 780 footnotes or it's in the footnotes. There's a big emphasis on footnotes which brings me to, how to lie with footnotes. The how to lie with footnotes number one, don't have footnotes. And Colter doesn't have 780 footnotes in slander, she has zero footnotes, none, not one footnotes. She does have 35 pages of endnotes. Footnotes are easy to reference, they're at the bottom or the foot of the page, and notes are much harder to reference if you're using your footnotes to lie, make them endnotes. How to lie with footnotes number two, have 780 of them. Colter knows that her readers, the ones who buy her books out of an obsessive need to read stuff that re-confirms everything they already know or think they know, are probably not going to check one, let alone 780 of her endnotes. Let me illustrate how Colter exploits the simple principle of lying with footnotes, that is endnotes, from page 12 of slander. This is a good one and in a way sort of sums up everything you need to know, just so there's no confusion the endnotes numbers are hers. After Supreme Court Justice, Clarence Thomas wrote an opinion contrary to the clearly expressed position of the New York Times editorial page, the Times he spotted with an editorial on Thomas title, The Youngest Coolest Justice. That was actually the headline on Lee that the editorial in the newspaper of record. Thomas is not engaged on the substance of his usual philosophy, he is called a colored lawn jockey for conservative white interest, race trader, black snake, chicken and biscuit eating or coltom, house negro and hanker to fed. Benedict Arnold and Judas is scary at all this from the careless opponents of tolerance. Okay, what percentage of Colter's readers did suppose redness and thought, my god, the New York Times called Clarence Thomas, a chicken and biscuit eating or coltom? I knew the Times was bad by ever dreamed it was this bad, high 90s, and what percentage did you think Bob to go to the back of a book in way to the endnotes to discover the quotes came from a playboy interview with former surgeon general Jocelyn Elders and from a black leader at a meeting of the Southern Christian leadership conference who was quoted in a New Yorker. The key here of course is slight of hand. Editorial in the newspaper of record, Thomas is not engaged, that literally leads global readers to the conclusion that the Times called Clarence Thomas, a colored lawn jockey, this should tell us a couple of things about Ann Colter. First, he's dishonest, no surprise there, but more importantly chose the contempt she holds for her own readers. Let me do the break and then I'll just call him. Yeah, I need a towel. Yeah. Hey, and eradia, honey. Crazy bitch. 113 at 560 WQM Imagine the Sumagian Zero Closing Costs are next house, zero application to fees, zero credit bureau fee, zero discounted points, this one is the last mortgage you'll ever be needing. The revolutionary only one mortgage from financial group is what we're talking about, now an interest rate, amazing low of only 1.95%. That's only 738 bucks a month, if you have a $200,000 loan. And once you be finance you get to a new home mortgage from financial group you'll never, ever, honestly, pay closing costs again to want to find out more about it called toll free 1-800-940 Land, grab yourself real financing power with the low rate mortgage you can move to your next property without any further cost of expense. Only one mortgage from financial groups what we're talking about, for the tales it's 1-800-940 Land, that's a whole new way to buy, zero underwriting fees, zero dot fees, zero prepayment penalty, zero closing costs even when you moved another property. So we're getting financing it just 1.95% and never ever pay closing costs again. Copy an entry up to day toll free 1-800-940 Land, 940-L-E&D, there an equal housing lender, restrictions apply rates of the change monthly, 5.19 APR. My high and local healthcare sports video 560-US, UAM. Here. Here. Here. There we go. Hey y'all, my name is France, the Eugene Thomas, friend of which is nominee for this Supreme Court. And you know there's lots of people who's out there and think just off, I smoke a little water when I was in college and it wasn't as if I don't. Here and joy. Hey, maybe sing our song, y'all. I know Ramilio. If they don't think I'm fit to be under Supreme Court, yeah, I got the much. Let's do this quick and get out of here. I want to sit down straight when I'm not reviewing the law. I don't just review the law. There y'all. I'm in token and I token to the East and I'm token to the West and I token why not look up at the deal, kind of. I'll be token. That's go bad one y'all. Alright, 117 at 560WC, anyway, getting back to the Alphrank in book. Just a couple more pages for now. How do I put notes, uh, number three? Cytosaurus, but totally misrepresent what it says. She really works this one in the ground. Earlier in the book she writes nearer times columnist Frank Richdomy, that Ashcraft stopped mucking around with Muslim terrorists and can't concentrate on anti-abortion extremists. Except he didn't. In the column written during the anthrax gear Rich simply criticized Ashcraft's refusal to meet with Planned Parenthood, which has had years of experience with terrorism in the form of bombings and stepper attacks from pro-life extremists. The piece doesn't include the words monkey or Islamic or Muslim or make any suggestion that justice to bandits efforts against Al Qaeda. Colbert pulls this wildest version like so very, very many directly out of her ass. Just another quick one, on page 118, by the way, when you see Colt around TV investigators never ask about anything pads paid 12. You gotta get me credit for being able to stomach the entire screen. She writes that when the media consortium study on the 2000 photo of what was released, it showed that Bush had won on any count. But to Washington Post story she's sight says that, study finds Gore might have once they were a telly of all uncounted balance. The reason there are so many cap of letters in that quote is that it's directly from the headline of the story. Don't you go to health for this stuff? How do I with footnotes number four? Use the any words written in the newspaper can be attributed to that newspaper technique. This can also be used to defame newscast and magazines, to show just how much the media elite hates Christians' culture writes, for decades the New York Times had allowed loose associations between usies and Christians to be made in its pages. Statements like these were not uncommon. Did the Nazi crammed drawn Christian tradition? The church is co-responsible for the Holocaust? Okay, the first quote did the Nazi crammed drawn Christian tradition is from a 2001 book review. The Times reviewer Paul Burman was framing the question asked by the book he was reviewing, which is about 400 year old play performed annually in Vavaria that portrays Jews' hateful and evil, which for the record we are not. The second quote is a quote of a quote from an 1998 Times article, John Paul's Jewish dilemma. The writer for the Times isn't saying that the church is co-responsible for the Holocaust. He's quoting a critic of the church, in the same article a Jewish historian is also quoted as saying that Pope Pius saved 750,000 Jews. You really have to keep on your toes with them and in our next book, probably right, Al Franken says Jews are hateful and evil look for the end note. How do I with put notes number 5? Overload a next- Alexis Necces' search. For those of you unfamiliar with Lexus Necces, it's a state-of-the-art research tool, during journalist's crutch, like any powerful instrument Lexus Necces' searches can be manipulated to produce misleading results. It's like a chainsaw, which can be used productively, say, as a prop and movie like the Texas chainsaw massacre, but also can be used for evil such as a natural chainsaw massacre. Throughout this book I use Lexus Necces productively, in Slander called to use it to dismember the truth, introducing the overload Lexus Necces' search. On page 8 of Slander called to be first of a controversial 94 Christmas Day speech given by Jesse Jackson on British TV, the New York Times did not report the speech he complains, checking the Ednobre Ville's her methodology. Lexus Necces' search of New York Times archives from December 94 through January 95 for Jesse Jackson and Germany and Fanges in South America produces no documents. Well, yeah, a more reasonable search, Jesse Jackson and Christmas and Britain shows that he has of course the time did run an article on December 20 about the controversy using excerpts of Jackson's speech was just be recorded. Using corpus technique I can prove that no newspapers ever covered anything. For example, I can prove the Washington Times did not cover the incident, which George W. Bush threw up on a Japanese Prime Minister. Ed Lexus Necces' search from January 92 for the Bush and Japan and Prime Minister and Lapp and Cookies and Toss produces no documents. How do I with footnotes number 6 just makes mid-up? From page 134 of Slander even during the media is nightly vlogging ever ran contra, Regans approval ratings fell only 5% is points from 80 to 75%. The end notes I take Christian Science Monitor article from January 77, the article reports that in last month's Gallup pool Regans approval rating fell from 63 to 47%. And remember this is from people or not only Christians but also scientists. So that's how you lie with footnotes, disgusting huh? But it's not just who you who think so even people, culture considers friends say she's a lying bitch, a horrorshow of effort proportions, all the poor thing and a bitch. That's chapter 2 from the Al Frankenberg lies in the lying lies who tell them a fair and balanced look at the right. It's a beautiful fence. He writes funny. And he is fine. Yes, he pulled him out of her hands. Here's a fashion John who says my favorite obscure movie is the loved ones with Jonathan winners a sat there on the funeral industry. Haven't seen in years but it was great. See that's a good one. Okay, never heard of it. Brother, you go. Perfect. We like Jonathan Edwards, right? Do winners? Yes. No. Now we don't like Jonathan Edwards. He's on the other side. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. What fairly obscure movie that most people probably haven't seen? Do you think is a must see? Punti, a puddy thing, 35. The gods must be crazy 21. How does Governor 17 executive action 13? That lieutenant 12, vanishing point 11. Sexy beast and the pawn broker have ten of peace. Moon over perid or nine. Army of darkness, seven. See? Yeah. We had seen seven very bad things. Seven things to do in Denver when you're dead. Seven? Five-bring breezy. The swimmer's six year of versible six. And it's just, uh, I hate that. Especially when I think I'm going to get through these. A boy in his dog four, it should have more. Scorpio four, breaker Moran three, the swingers three. Two votes for the magic Christian Puttney Swope, Locking Life and Charlie, and the rest are really small potatoes. Let's take a call from Miami. Hello. Miami? Yes. Yes sir. Uh, how about flu? Flu? Flu? You think that was obscure? I'm not so. I'm a bit hurt of it so it must be. Okay. I was going to move you though. It wasn't very good movie. It was excellent. Okay. Thanks, Bally. Okay. Put it on there. Uh. You never heard of flu? Yep. Man. You are really slipping. Uh-huh. Back in the summer when we were doing this movie stuff, we almost almost had this convincing you knew something. I've seen a lot more movies. Slowly. What? You're the one that doesn't recognize all these mainstream movies and you think they're obscure? I'm not interested in the mainstream. I like being on the outer fringes of mankind. Right. I see them what most of you are like. Sluuth. Joseph L. Mankewitz, director. Producer, Morton Gottlieb, how many Jews have gotten this that's why you didn't suit. Is that it? Uh, Shafer and let's see. Who the hell was in it? Who was in it? Cast. Oh, very obscure people. Lawrence Olivier and Michael Kane. Yeah, I saw that. It's a great movie. You never saw that? Nope. That's a good. It says although a previous reviewer's claim that this is closer to a board just and Agatha Christie perhaps overstate in the case. It must be said that the Mankewitz film, uh, about a thriller writers attempts to play lethal games with his wife's lover with admirable style and intelligence. Lesson who doesn't know how done it. Thoroughly entertaining. It says Sluuth. That's a good movie. Very obscure. Lawrence Olivier and Michael. Never heard of that. Well, Michael Kane's in all those obscure movies like the dress to kill. Right. And I will put Sluuth on it, but I don't think it's all out obscure. But if you don't know it, it must be obscure man. Right. Because if you know what's your name like I knew her. You knew Susie like I knew Susie. That's what Eddie Canter used to sing. 100 years ago before you were born. Remember Eddie Canter? Yeah. You do? Sure. Eddie and I to Canter. How to help you remember them? Yeah. So before you were born Eddie Canter, there's a little, they have a little like a bug-wise music radio stations and stuff. So glasses, that kind of thing. If you knew Susie like I am, when you get real old too, you'll be talking about crap. And it'll be something like that. Oh, God, are you old? That's right. Yeah. I want an end of two. I wish we had that wonderful wonderful thing. Gee, Dad. I don't know. It's not in mind. It's not in years. Oh, and I remember putting it in there and playing the band. I remember playing it from there. And it just vanished one day. I think Stan Freiber came back and stole it. You know what I mean? I think so. I think so. We need another copy of that. Yeah, we need another one of those book or Brian other one. Gee, Dad. And why is the more let's say a camp of a records? Wonderful, wonderful. What's that? He was great. Sam Freiber. No. I know. Just from that drop. 26 past one is five, 60 WDQM on a really great Monday. But this is a wonderful day. A little murky and cloudy here, but not too bad. Let's give us some Toronto weather. No. For a Paul, what's his name? Paul Mr. Originality. Hey, listen, you don't have to be original. Copy us when you get your next mattress. Do the smart thing like we've been doing. I mean, all of us in QM get yourself a dial-a-mathrus. It's the only smart way to do it. You can go to your betting and departments to or guess what? They will rip you off big time because they got a pay for a big fancy overhead. There's no such thing at dial-a-mathrus. You don't go anywhere. All you do is pick up your phone, make one easy call, and they come right to you. How can you beat that? In fact, dial-a-mathrus gives you no false promises, no bait and switch. Just great, unbeatable discount prices every day on the top brand name. A mattress is in the world. Now, we've been including Stearns of an As Foster. And when you call dial-a-mathrus at 1-800 mattress, you still pick the day in time for delivery. Whenever it's going to be convenient for you when you're going to be home. Any to our window seven days a week, eight in the AMT, 10 PM, and guess what? They actually show up. On a sales practices, fantastic service, everyday low prices, same day delivery, free set of an removal, and unbeatable combination, that's why dial-a-mathrus is right the best in the world in customer satisfaction. Caller-midallabhi, knock-a-9-u-do, in no time at all. 1-800 mattress. 1-800-M-A-T-T-R-S for a great night sleep for years to come, or get more and full on her website at MacRus.com. It's Paul Harvey, standby for news. A young woman named Rita, who was blessed with large bosoms, went to the doctor for her annual checkup. The doctor told her to remove her clothes and, get on the examining table, shirely Rita said doctor, I can't undress in front of you. Well, the doctor said then fine, I'll turn the lights off for you, you undress, and tell me when you're ready. A few moments later, Rita called out, I've undressed, doctor, what shall I do with my clothes to which the doctor replied, just? Put him on the chair on top of my now page, too. 2 cowboys, Johnny and Peter, sitting in a bar. 1-A-Sis friend, it feed herd of any new sexual positions, specifically, one called, The Roe Yo, Peter said, no, what is the Roe Yo? 2nd's Paul Harvey. Good day. Boy, see you, who to one, huh? 1-30. Well, I like that too. 1-30 at 560 WC, man dogs have to have an hour away to a clock, and the dolphins have another big, pretty marginal one yesterday, and just barely squeaking by the day as skin of the ranch. So, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? No more Oxycontinues? No more Hillbilly, Heroic? Apparently Part 3's written on a blackboard in one of the scenes with Freeze, if you've been the cutaway blow-up you've been seeing it. Part 3 is no orgasm. Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what's the matter? Well, what is the matter?婚ers have died from homes, so how can you talk about having a great loss of family to you. Well, what's the matter? to be down on Laguna Street in the Gables. No. Or the absence of a tech also in the Gables. No. No. I think you're right. The coconut growth play house. I think so. I think that's where I slower did Rocky Horror show. Yeah. And they also had the other one. What's the other one? Yeah. The other one. What is it? It was on a coconut growth cinema. Was that it? Some colors. Hmm. That's a good. Oh, boy. Well, they had the gods must be crazy. It was in like a fair place. Yeah. So it must have been the growth. Archie Farci. Archie Farci Faggy. Anyway, here's, uh, I can't think of that guy. That name of that guy. The one who used to be on WNWS with the bill cost for it. Rest in peace. Big Wilson. That's no. The screamer that the silly ass movie critic. I'm going to do a gay talk show on that gay. That one do gay. Yeah. Screaming queen. In fact, cause a queen. I can't think of his name. Probably just as well. The Kentucky Fried movie brought you by the same post who brought you airplanes. Zucker Abraham's an azucker. Zucker Zucker. That's obscure. Kentucky Fried movie bigger than life. Bigger than life. It's old. I mean, I've heard of it made in 77. It's old. It's been everywhere. It's something. Right. And I was just highly recommended. Put it on there. The Kentucky Fried movie. Go see. It's 26 years old. Don't you understand? Don't you get it? Yeah. I get it. If you were to go out and say, well, name me some movies from like the middle or late 70s. Nobody would say that. Nobody would know that. They would. Albert Miami says, how about mort mortuary with Marlon Brando and you'll bring her a 62 movie about a German. German load with the scape Jews. A German load. Scourgeworks. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, why have some wonderful lines for that? Yeah. I've seen a few German loads. Well, what does that mean? A 62 movie about a German load with the scape Jews? There's a gang rape scene where woman is raped by men. It's changed for something. Gang rape is funny. Oh, you know, I was just going to, oh, man. That's bad. This is better than sex. Okay, calm down, Mom. Just calm down. Absolutely. Well, whole weekend. I never saw him even smell the him once. That was so great. Man, nice timing. I got it down to a science now. I know just what time he blows out of there. Let's see. Poodie Tang is winning. Did you tell me that's a good movie or Jesus, then? I never saw it. It's a, yeah, there he is. Thank you, it's a, okay. Let's go. Young hip black movie for rock. Oh, like I saw Chris rock. Oh, well, I like it like about two minutes of time. I'm not funny. He's very funny. I like him about two minutes of time. And we'll split swipe. Oh, no. Let's just sit. Anything connected to Will Smith. I don't want no part of. Poodie Tang 36, the guy's must be crazy. 25, how does Governor 17? Executive action 13, Bad Lieutenant 13, sexy beast 11, vanishing point 11. I'll only do the double digit once. Pondbroke 11. Things to do in Denver when you did by Brian Greasey 10, Moon over Parador 10. I thought Parador was like one of those places that the Laminate's a Russa has in there. That's like at the bars. They have a Parador at the front. Oh, and to stay Wayne walk through them. Does she switch right through them, Doris? 560560, Pond 560 on the AT&T. Oh, that's a great scene in a cafe. Remember that? And like, how's your full? Sure. And he's eating his, the biscuits with the table. Anyway, yeah, to be there, I guess. Jacob. Now, here's a call from, I'm sure it must mean, Orman Beach. You got Mormon Beach. Yeah. Orman Beach, hello. Well, there's not too many Mormons up here. I doubt it. Yeah. Softani Marie. Yeah, they make us like a pastor. You gotta do something. Yeah, you're right here, right? But the upskir movie I had was a blood simple. That simple was very good movie. Well, was it really obscure? That was kind of obscure. It was one of the first colon brother movie. Orbscure the moody over Parador. OK, and we got it. I thought our damn good. Yeah. Was they fair in the grove the theater that you're talking about? Uh, that might have been it. Hotel, I don't think so. There. That might have been it. It was also a theater called my fair, but uh, yeah, I know that. That was a long time ago. How about a minute? And I'd listen, 100 years ago, who cares? Thanks a lot, Pal. Have a great day. So I didn't know that you had seen blood simple. I'm going to get pardoned? I didn't know that you had seen blood simple. Why not? I don't know. Never mentioned it. Why, am I not that simple? Or might not have that bloody. But if you liked that, then you'll really like Fargo made by the same people and even better. Oh, what really made you? And did. I was reading about him about how he's a real sex party. Got all these the broads hanging on his ass with that prox face? Well, he's a movie. Well, whatever. That's right. He's, uh, let's see. What am I looking for? Blood, the simple. Right. Here's blood beach. Blood from, a mummy's too. I thought this was going to say blood from mummy's womb. It's mummy's tomb. Thank God. When that be bad. Blood, uh, putters a lot of bloody movies. I'll take that. Blood re-incarnation. Blood red roses. Blood red blood on the sun. Blood on the sun. Yeah. I've heard it. With Sylvia Sydney, Jimmy Cagney, Wallace Ford, Rosemary De Camp. Oh, man. It's for us old forests. I love those. Booker Brian's squeezing it. What am I looking for? Bloods simple. A cold brother's novy. Here it is. It says the Joel Cohen, Ethan Cohen, and Jeff Cohen. Starring. Uh, who that was in it? Fresh starring John Gets Francis McDormand, also in Fargo. In Hedaya, M.M. Walsh, Sam Art Williams, and Deborah Newman. High-end durable film, Nua, in which a Texan, Bar owner, hires a CD-private eye first to spy on his wife, then to kill her and her lover, yes, on it. Instead, the eye, a marvelous performance from Walsh, having collected his fee, executes a variation on the contract. We're upon things take off in a maelstrom of under-oh-I love maelstroms of misunderstanding that spreads guilt and fear like a plague to the characters. And escalates a nightmarish terror, premature burial murder by battery, crucifying, implement impalement that owes some debt to the horrorer comic. What does that mean? Oh, sorry. That's a horror comic. A remarkably sure debut for the Cohen formerly assistant editor on the evil dead. Okay, excellent. There you go. Bloods simple. I saw it along the, but what year is that? I'm not sure. You have to go. I'll go some more good. All right. Don't post a book like that, 83, see 20 years ago. Guys, see it. Well, what's far going next? You keep telling me to watch far going then everybody else is asking. Oh, they don't look good. No one else has ever said that to you. Everybody said, I think a boner boy told me that. Uh-huh. Like I said, like I said, I'll go out and get it today. My life and love this is for sure to help my city. I'm a way to weigh him. How are you from Boca? You can kiss my rear end. For years, you've trusted smokers to bring you 100% pure food in our delicious jams and jellies. Well, turns out we lied. So that means we're introducing a brand new line of products. Just for those whining it picking bastards who demand truth and advertising. It's our own new, cord-oriented products from Mother's Fuckers. Yes, they're sort of strawberry, at some grape and practically peach. And just like you, they're all a bunch of Mother's Fuckers. So for all you who've got nothing better to do and analyze jelly, you can all eat this. With a name like Mother's Fuckers, it's got to be food. Little long fact, I bet you didn't know that the omission atoms will always do those smuckers spots. Yeah, he was so close to associated with smuckers that they named the jar, that they hold the preserves and after him, maisinger. Is that true? No. Okay, I was going to say, I just made it up out of my sick mind. I said things like that, I kind of mind all the time. I probably need to get some help for that. Anyway, a whole bunch of facts is I tried to dispoil the go over big tonight and you know that's bothering me though, now is I so many movies to see in so little time. I got sexy beast in there, which I guess I'm going to have to watch. And just a lot of these sound really interesting, you know? I mean, and even some of the ones that I've already seen, like blood's simple, I want to see it again, but to keep her. It is. And more is the other one I want to see. Well, anyway, quick change with Bill Murray Randy Quaid, Gina Davis, and it says here the old guy who dies in Magnolia, which is my VGIS in robots. Really funny, dressed as a clown, Murray at all, Rob Bank in New York, spend the movie trying to go out to. Quick change. Got okay, wasn't obscure, but whatever. Yeah, what? The name of the rose was Sean Caterney, Christian Slayton, I you wouldn't like that. Minimal monk, Sean Caterney, and assistant monk slater track killer of other monks. It's all I'm wondering if they used to eat at the monks in. I love that. Not a bad movie. Also not obscure. It's also fairly obscure, okay. Okay, early. Okay. As a put. Let me see it again. Let's see the name of the rose. No, let me read you the poll question again. What's fairly obscure movie that most people probably haven't seen, most people haven't seen most movies. Well, there you go. So fairly obscure, but but the idea being to try to like narrow it down as opposed to like somebody's like dressed to kill, which may not be like a top ten or top twenty famous of all time, but it's certainly not obscure, and you see? No, you know. Anyway, it's all our containing humor. So Chuck can stay in control of the flock and scare the Schmidt out of them. Of the church, the church and Chuck. Also the Great Race in which Jack Lemon tells Peter Falk to push the button max. And we always get arguments about that for some reason. Why is that? In George Pigs his nose. It's keen and win. Oh, this is where you still had the disagreement. There's no disagreement. It's keen and win. Get the movie watch it. Don't take my word for it. But it is in the Great Race. Yeah. Well, what the hell did you all do? Look at somebody. I'm right there wrong. It sounds like Jack Lemon. Wait a minute. Push the button max. Let's check lemon. I mean, it might be keen when Susan and movie, but that's Jack Lemon. Push the button max. Let's check lemon. Are you serious? Push the button max. Push the button max. Push the button max. Push the button max. I don't know. You understand that I lifted that drop from the movie. That's a great race. Starting. Can you do it? Maybe keen and win in Jack Lemon. Look so much alike. I don't know. I don't know what to. I mean, aren't there more important things to know about like no. Where to hell am I going for lunch? I think so. Let's see. Sean. Oh, I listen. I got news for quite a Sean on Hollywood. You know, that lengthy poll he sent last week. He got all bad out of shape because he knew right. He likes me to stop too. You know, or two weeks ago he sent me about the number one bad idea the last century. Well, that's right. You weren't there. I don't know. You were there. It was two weeks ago. Okay. What is the number one bad idea? The first example he's got like Neville Chamberlain, the Munich Agreement piece in our time. Brad Sox on a selling baby group to the Yankees to finance the Broadway show. Chris Darden lets him O.J. trying to glove. It's good. I got a few. I got a few other ones here too. That will put on there. I like that. So Sean, it goes to show you just like all I think the first hour tomorrow. We'll have to do a Joe Rose for real poll. I mean, check it out. I know you know how sometimes things have it like like my trip there, the week that I was there. It happened so fast. Except for the fact that it was some barb bizarre stuff happened, but other than that, it's like I wasn't even there. Like I never left here. You know what I mean? Right. And the same thing with the Ferrell episode. He was at the station such a short period of time, even as bizarre as he was and off the wall and is wacky and all the stuff that happened. It's almost like he and never even happened. Now was he unlongored than the new morning sickness crews. Yeah. Well, I am. Because it's a little longer than a week. Yeah. Yeah. The new sickness crew and then the Jeff the florist. Whatever. I wonder what happened. I was in the morning crew for the week. And the San Diego boot camp crew and no other. Oh man. Nice gone Greg. You have drag this all. You've dragged us through these septic tank of the universe, man. It's just unbelievable. And still we go through the septic tank naked and we come out smell like a rose. Like your rose. Is that amazing or what? Okay. Calm down, Keenan. Keenan lemon. Maybe it was Keenan lemon. Was it Jack lemon in the Great Race? Maybe it was Jackwin. Oh, you. Oh. You mean actually have to look that up now. So in other words. I thought you just said you were lifted from the movie. I said it's Jack lemon in the Great Race. I don't remember him being in there. No, no, but you said you lifted from the movie. You asked me if he was in it. If Jack lemon was in the movie. Right. Well, then how could you actually lifted it from the movie? I don't remember him being in there. That. That. We trapped you in a fib. No. I don't remember Jack. Look at this. Great. The Great Lion. Look at him. What am I looking for? The Great Race. But I just came up on the Great Race. So I'm not really looking there. I think that's an omen. Yeah. Great Northfield men. The Great Northfield men. So to raid. Where am I looking for? The Great Race. Uh, I don't see it. Would be under the. Or that would be bad. I can't stand books where they put things under the law. Oh, no. You won't believe what I just saw here. Tid and the moon. Hey, now. Latte de ilaluna. Oh, Latte de ilaluna. La lune. El. Tatte tom. Oh, it's French. Uh, the. You think it's under the? Here's trauma from the train. Eto mama, champion. This is bad, man. This is a pain. That's life. There can't be anything under the. Well, don't welcome the Great Race. Isn't it here? Great. Great Northfield. Great Santini. Great Rock and Roll. Great race. In here. Black Edward. Jack Levin. Tony Curtis. Not Lee. Say there. You know, Jack Levin. But why isn't it in my book? God, that's that British book. That time out book. Oh, those. Britsman. They really suck. Yeah, give them some crap. You Brits. And they will. They give them a polycraft. So anyway, speaking of Shawnee's is I nominate killing Zo. With Eric Stoltz about the botched gold heist in Paris. Well, I thought that Paris, the help was O'etel. Sorry. Well, I'm an old father. Why don't I know about Paris, Milton? In addition, which I don't want nothing to do with them, French. I mean, I don't. But she's got a skinny nasty nose, man. She's got a shnaz on her. Well, you didn't know that she existed. And I didn't know she was French. She's none? Not that I know. Paris, Milton, man. She speaks English. It's right next to the same river. There's bizarre decrating sex, reckless drug abuse, and horrifying violence. And that's just in the theater parking lot before the movie. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. No, Shawnee's got his great name in Turelog. Too bad we don't. Oh, well, you're killing Zoey. I'm looking at the movie. The cast here, the great race. Here's something that I didn't know. Because I don't know what the sequel is to killing Zoey. Killing Mo. Absolutely. Yeah. Go ahead. Peter Fock was max. The aforementioned max, as in Push the Button. Max was Peter. Are you cereal? Yeah. I'll be damned. Push the button. Well, that sounds like Jack Lemon. Doesn't it make it? Push the button. I'm not saying I can win. Can't win's got a deeper voice than that. Keith and Boca says, just heard what you read from Alfred. His program. Uh, two movies for the poll. The Princess Bride, a great comedy that just never took off has become somewhat of a cult movie. The Princess Bride and Dream Lover by Bobby Daren. For the first hour and a half, the ultimate woman movie. The last five minutes make it the greatest guy movie ever. Dream Lover. You got it? Got it. Do you ever hear of it? No. Excellent. I've gone Keith in Boca. Meanwhile, Poon Tang, a poody Tang is leading the pack. Thirty six. But the gods must be crazy after thirty. What the hell was that place? It was the Grove, uh, the, uh, I think it was the Grove cinema. I think it was the Grove cinema. Although. Five. The loco. Six. Five. Six. The ring is on yours. Poo-y-y. M-m. M-m. M-m. D-y. S-m-m. S-m-m. S-m-m. S-m-m. S-m-m. S-m-m. S-m-m. S-m-m. S-m-m. S-m-m. S-m-m. H-m-m. S-m-m. I'm a co- PT, big tellin' Ellen chill. I live birds in Unic, Calcja, Bront and G-E-E-E. Oh, Northrop and Bront and CI, World Comp, Bigger & Box, A-L-R and Air Mackey. Oh, Pannock, Brown & Roo, Parallel & The Rended Roof, Murder Docs, Fox News & Reuters on Youngmoot. Choice Point Thumbocracy by David Basset Technologies, Choice Point Thumbocracy by David Basset Technologies, Choice Point Thumbocracy by David Basset Technologies, I'm going to democracy my day to basic colleges Chuck, take a side bold block In your book George Bush is a liar It's the way 911 for global empire George Bush is a liar You can teach me on the left Get by now so I keep biars Dick Cheney will pull lips Richard Perl and other Dick Andrew Card, Carl Robyn, Mark Rackick, Kiko You push, can't push George Piannani Bush And then Columbus will not mention Marvin Trader Bob Nose, Act, Stapsy, IA in the back Grump felt bad, always well and others soldier died Outscoken them attack in the mail they get in track Turn a hand, well stone, then be barbedire time George Bush is a liar Oh, like all his heart with neocons with that team Hard on George Bush is a liar And the same as their media As you believe in him, George Bush is a liar The song is something that'll never get on the channel George Bush is a liar The traitor hands in it He did a criminal piece George Bush is a liar You're a liar, you're a liar You're a liar One could be in his five 60 WM whole bunch of classes Boy, this took off like wildfire today, you know what? Yeah, and you said to be this morning But that's a crappy pool, I did not know you did I'm just just a joke Anyway, what is this squash bananas? They're a lot of things I'm not getting Since high Neil and George, four things to tell you Rick Brad wrote the brag wrote the Jessica Lens story Yeah, and quarter was land poond and dunes for today Excellent, the movie shall be danced as my choice for most understated It's funny and sexy and George's Japanese Right, and the clincher to grab you is that one of the characters is like a Japanese Gilbert Wow, a song that your funny song solicits It's all the old people You first Let's see, the man who wasn't there James Gandal, Phenian, Billy Mothorn and George is already written commentary on his fact It says the worst piece I've ever saw It's Cohen Brothers, it's Francis of Adormons in it Those two people you just mentioned, I thought I'm going to be bad It couldn't be worse Oh, slow Boring, not even a rap Oh, pondress doesn't begin But maybe just didn't really watch the whole thing? Yeah, all the way to the end Because that Russell Crowe will be beautiful, mind, remember what happened with me? Right, no, no, I watched it all the way to the first part And I thought, oh my god, I got this one I got this one, I got this one, I got this one, I got this one So I just got a hat and then I watched the whole thing And I was a tear in my eye, that was a great movie No, it really was Now I'm talking about a beautiful mind I'm sorry I stuck with it, all the way to the credits Well, me too Here's a quick fact, says the emission, Robert De Nero and Jeremy I rinse you with diggin' the L.K. The Mission, Missionary Position The most of you say, Daisy, what? The Mission was great Get it on there Daisy, haven't we got your exam, Shepherd And Oh, the price And it's his favorite word? Him too? It's his favorite birthday song I'm November 5th as well So for those people who's birthday was November 5th or whatever Bye bye Bye bye Oh, I need your advice