The party party party party party party party party party party party party party party Bring cookies Parnecht with the store of this place To the track Papa's at the rear hand I'm falling My history was bad now All the weapons now And the chosen back now I don't need the track Papa's at the rear hand A rock I've got a secret And the back going down now Man it's a drive Papa's at the rear hand Oh 10.02.56.WDQ And this bullet in from just five minutes ago within last five minutes the court of appeal here in Canada has just legalized same-sex marriage Oh, how do you like that George W? Do you hear those screaming queens that we hit on there? Yeah So we may have a little stars up break in a guy North Carolina may have come up with a detailed teach in to come here go back to North Carolina where you belong You Yahoo Any Yahoo who's there come here we're gonna like infecting with all kinds of diseases So what's the story with voter boy now? What's the story with the lawyer there? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Just a lot of you may share it Oh man, who the hell are you kid? And he's done there is puffin on a faggot done They're just smoked on the way here No, I'm not a lot of smoking daddy's car Oh, oh, oh, oh Are you what up pussy? Not allowed to smoke in daddy's fat day He gets his new car the other day with no AC in it He goes to get the AC put in and they're gonna rent him a car for the day while our property is in the car The day while our fixin up the AC come to find out they look at his driver's license and he hasn't had a renew Oh, cut what up puts you are life challenged man Just how and as matter of fact, I want you to feel even worse But you know, yesterday, we're came in a mail in my place Oh, my paycheck they early Thanks I don't want to you feel bad since you're not getting paid this pay period because you just life challenge Just a little basic things that you know are required to survive you just can't handle him Just lend to 100 bucks and he's making the hang here Did it you know something that's pretty lame guy like George to be loaning people money up a smuck like George It's got those two kids in a white to take care of and the dog that he can't keep at home He don't even the dog is trying to run away from home things are so tough and a rugby is how to sew Right, and he's loaning you cash pay more for the dog A 50 year old punk that I got to pay his car payment George Rodriguez by the way when you're 30 years old clearance And I sure you like a collegiate the safamoric Surprise birthday party at least you can do is get laid, okay? Jesus Christ the kid is 30 years in a kid the guy is 30 years old our program director Not only has never got laid never even sniffed it well, I need for lack of trying Vio Well, Porter Boy is not there what we're talking about I guess you guys weren't invited huh? No see it was one of his college buddies that arranged the surprise party Oh, one of his college buddies see what did I say to you before the show I said safamoric collegiate It's like a college fraternity mentality these guys. They had dust number apparently Guys who never grew up well, that was probably a hang it around there trying to get lucky Hoping at the frat In fact, for all you know, maybe a clearance did with a little action last night. We don't know So what the hell was for real talking about Ronald McDonald was in the building with a big package or something like that Oh, he's he he's he though anybody that doesn't have a big package Jesus Christ he hasn't met me yet That'll turn him around fast, so to speak Court of appeal just legalizing game marriages in Canada Oh, right oh my god, all you homophobes out there, they're just filming it them out Well, we know you're a bunch of perverts up there. Yeah and So anyway, here's a facts from yesterday the Richard drive this movie was titled, let it ride it was hilarious get it and laugh your answer I hate where you drive as but this was great to the fact that we find the end find the name of that movie and I got books up the ass here I have books up the end Including the Hillary book which I wasn't gonna vibe it was there was in a bookstore. I didn't go there to buy it I wanted to get me a new movie book which I did a big big gigantic heavy one weighs about 400 pounds But the Hillary book was all over the place and there were nobody lined up to buy it here as you can well imagine You know, this is Canada nobody's all I whipped up to a frenzy with a hype about Hillary So we got two polls today about Hillary. Here's the first one pull number one should be up there right now. Oh, I guess we've got to do the one from yesterday Do you see the results on this some poll boner boy? No, of course not because you two busy us downstairs puff it on faggot's 1568 votes for an overnight poll. I think the mozone is what really got the responses smoking yesterday on our website We asked yesterday who do you trust the most 1568 votes myself for 181 my spouse 237. I trust nobody 112 my parents 1951 the arrangers 101 but a bunch of schmucks my best friends 58 George W. Bush 51 More Howard David at 28. That's the a gag vote and my priest rabbi or minister not too much trust in their priest rabbi's ministers collectively the only head behind votes Not too much confidence in the clergy. Okay, here's pull number one for this our only got it If the next presidential election was being held today who would you vote for George W. Bush or Hillary Clinton pretty simple huh? Hmm, I don't know if I understand that Ha ha ha ha let me dry a diaphragm Then we get this yesterday at the end of the show Let's see you're watching the CBC news this back. So they're gonna pass along the limits of how much in contribute to a party or candidate and Canada Yet again Canada is on the ball and we talk about it wishful thinking the more I watch the CBC the more we lies when you really want to do something You will you will unlike here They're like legalizing game marriages which has happened in the last 10 minutes in Canada anyway. Here's another idiotic facts from yesterday This is from some schmuck at healthy life in therapy is the chronic facts are right it appears I need to once again educate you moron Everybody's a moron, but this asshole at healthy life in therapy Pretty interesting is matter fat sounds to me like this guy needs some therapy He says in your list of favorite movies you list godfather one and two the educated fact is that any of the first movie is the godfather without the one You should know the correct name of your favorite film morons, but I do then know the correct name my favorite film. It's magnolia, but anyway See that's just a reference purpose is only so people know the difference when they can't stay vote. That's all. We're not interested in being like you know a hundred percent accurate And a nitpicking like some asshole that works for unhealthy minds and therapy or whatever that is So now comes the obvious question since vulnerabilities have in all these problems that he watched the movie last night they do his homework assignment That also looks for one day according to George what George gave me a deadline of one day you were supposed to watch Magnolia last night He said he had to take it back to their Senate factors Don't have to have it back to one thing. I see so in other words tonight is the big night. Yep. No, brother. I'll let's see what my car Excuse me, I don't know if it's George don't depend on you for drugs Good, I'm not sure if the he may go through withdrawals. We have to play that the recommend music all day long Well, let me just give you a little hint from a magnolia little taste I saw Donnie Jericho yesterday the ending blows Thanks for pretty good, but not worth watching because the last five minutes. Yeah The last five minutes low But Donnie Darko If I might suggest in just say no to Donnie Darko The music from this movie is so great even though you don't like the movie journey Well, if you didn't like the ending in that movie wait to see Donnie dark Oh No, it's not Music is a little on a morbid side, wouldn't you say? Yeah Well, it's kind of like a little on a morbid side of the movie and what she says, you know just give up I could play the whole thing What she says just give up that's the message in the movie that George didn't get. Oh, okay. It's not gonna stop the pain is gonna keep coming The crap is gonna continue happening all kinds of bad crap and just give up. I mean that's a morbid message That's the message. I got it. They ran out of film. No, they ran out of film. Oh, please give me a break Okay, I just cast my boat on the pole to pull us up and let me say this to you. Okay, so for his hilarious concern because our main pole which starts next hour here's that question Which of these do you think best describes Hillary Clinton and like a word or a phrase? I've got the four I didn't write one on her yet Ice princess opportunist Carpet bagger or lightweight And the first four votes are 50 50. I mean just look in a matter of seconds. There we got four votes on there 50 50 between Hillary and George W if the lesson were today Because she's lying through a teeth. You know that. Well, she wants to run. Maybe not this time. Certainly. She's lying through a teeth. They all say that See, and I'm trying to come up and I'm sure the audience will we probably have some Hillary liickers out there, but I know the sort of her test, but I mean I would vote for her against Vorshhead vote for anybody against Vorshhead vote for a boofo vote against W just to protect us keep us going right But that having been said I don't see what the big semises with her. Can you explain to me? I think it's a woman thing. It's a she was married to Bill thing Yeah, that's it I think there's a segment of the population out there that things have been stick her back in there be the closest we can get to have in bubble bath. That's it by association Don't we want our bubble bath come on. Let's zero out Butter back How about tapy timons for a heavens for president. That sounds good. Good old tapy. That's his name. Tapy timons. Isn't it? I thought it was tabby. No, it's not I think it was well, I don't know. Somebody called I think I could look into thing here and find it probably hasn't Don't go see that movie. Definitely too much of a basket case. She's not a movie for emotional cripples. We're going to see. Oh, I'm sorry. We're talking about movies again Oh, don't do that. So Donnie Dirkau really was very disappointing last part of it just see a lot of these movies with this rewind stuff And thanks very much the Easter Egg people out there for tell me about momentum, which I did figure out how to watch it from Chronological order. I haven't done it yet, but I have I have done the mechanism to make a work. I see how you do it. Got that heart pretty easy You following all of this. Yeah, right in the down five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and I've heard to do some people out there want to add some descriptions for Hillary. I do. Well, we'll get to them. 10 13 at QA and you know, finally, days this Sunday. If you want to do something fun and memorable send an authentic Vermont teddy bear. Choose from over 100 great bears for dad, Taylor to his job or hobby like the handy bear. The Fisherman bear or the business bear with dad's name on the briefcase. Even if you think your dad is the teddy bear kind of guy of a Montana bear will bring out a reaction you'd never expect he'll love it And it's so simple. All you have to do is make one easy call to their friendly bear counselors at 1 800 829 bear. The hope you choose the perfect bear for any occasion including graduation. You can send your grand the groovy grand bear or the classic graduation bear. We're in a grad cap and gown and holding it a ploma. If you'd even either name to the gown Vermont teddy bears are handmade in the mountains of Vermont by people who love teddy bears. Believe in help you write the perfect message on your card. Add some gourmet kernels and make sure it gets delivered right to their door on time anywhere in the country. Send a good bears a creative alternative to flowers for birthday. New baby get well or any occasion and don't forget every Vermont teddy bear is guaranteed for life. It's a meaningful gift that lasts forever. So call 1 800 829 bear or shop online at Vermont teddy bear dot com. Show you care and send a bear for any special occasion. That's 1 800 829 B E A R. Be sure to tell that old deal toward you to call. I'm doing a day. It's been in the middle of me. I'm a lawyer. I'm spending days of my life fine. I've been thinking that I found. I don't want to be in the street. I think I'm not a putdown. Someone's busy trying. Stop my fool from crying. No one is just crying. That's what she did. She did it. I want to be having something. No one's to be left with nothing. I'm doing a day. I'm doing a day. I'm doing a day. I'm doing a day. I'm doing a day. I'm doing a day. I'm doing a day. I'm doing a day. I'm doing a day. I'm doing a day. I'm doing a day. I'm doing a day. I'm doing a day. I'm doing a day. I'm doing a day. I'm doing a day. I'm doing a day. I'm doing a day. I'm doing a day. I'm doing a day. I'm doing a day. I'm doing a day. I'm doing a day. I'm doing a day. I'm doing a day. I'm doing a day. I'm doing a day. I'm doing a day. I'm doing a day. I'm doing a day. I'm doing a day. I'm doing a day. I'm doing a day. I'm doing a day. I'm doing a day. I'm doing a day. I'm doing a day. I'm doing a day. I'm doing a day. I'm doing a day. I'm doing a day. I'm doing a day. I'm doing a day. I'm doing a day. I'm doing a day. I'm doing a day. I'm doing a day. I'm doing a day. I'm doing a day. I'm doing a day. I'm doing a day. I'm doing a day I'm doing a day. I'm doing a day. I am doing a day. I'm doing a day. I'm doing a day. I can do a day. I don't have to wait. I'll be going back home. That's crazy. I'm the mother of mine. I'm having a兒 sick. Come on, closer. Yes. It's awkward, no need to say. Bubba in the overlopless and Chelsea is like leaning on a shoulder with kind of like a real ugly look on her face In other words looking natural or she is growth test for the chance of looking she generate The Amy Carter look Wow good going this Molly so The pulso far out at the first 79 votes in fact I bet you if I refresh it there's a lot more than 79 already Ah, we're rushing it is refreshing in it. Come on. Let's go already like I said 80 votes Hillary Clinton 57 George W. Bush 23 if the Alexa were being held right now Of the first 80 she's got 71.2% of W's got 28.7 and I don't think it's because so many people like her It's just that she's the alternative in her last name is Clinton you put those two together and what's not alike But other than that I don't I don't see what the attraction is. I don't see what what is she bringing and please don't tell me She's a you know a u.s senator Because that was a gun. Okay, well somebody would I mean what is she bringing to the table? What is she got hype? Other than she's not Bush and why were those thousands of people lined up at the bookstores waiting breathlessly to I mean, you know I'm a hypocrite I got to book right here, but only because I do this show if I didn't do this show and and probably the likely had a son of a reader Anyway, I haven't answered. I mean I believed you at last night and What's the answer blow jobs We're getting blow jobs from Hillary. I think I'd pass on that. It's about pretty good even you pass on that. Oh, yeah Let's see here's Nobody agrees with you more that Bush massacre all those little innocent children But it's not like we didn't should be forced to look at the images if it is a form of punishment I would like to respectfully request you take the gruesome pictures of the kids off the website from a daily visitor Factor in candle and the answer a facetretetti in candle is oh now See if you don't want to see those all you have to do is click words as feature stories At the top and it doesn't go right below all of those yes, it does yeah, it takes even ethos So if you're one of those people who's that we want them on there because for some strange media The American media for some strange reason. They don't want to show anybody but of those pictures All we want to see is that wall of heroes on MSNBC and here is Joe Smith from From Ipsilon E. Michigan and his lovely wife and her two-month-old child Yeah, there you go and just so that needs to be on it. Don't give us directions what to put on there our website is so phenomenal And did you see that we had a third of a million hits on a website yesterday? All right, did you see that? No, that's right. You haven't seen anything yet I didn't see anything because he's too busy out there smoking about your faggot the only really good line in Donnie, Darko And I'm not saying it was a bad movie, but the ending was just just ah No good. No good. Maybe you feel like that's it That's it. That's what it happens here after all of this there was one cute little line where the kids the high school kids are out there And they're smoking And a one kid says to Donnie Darko says and that's some good Schmidt And he says what are you talking about just an F and cigarette? They're the most smoking cigarettes up a pack and that's a great Schmidt. It was kind of cute. You had to be there I guess I get probably be near what would have agreed. Oh, yeah, great Schmidt So there you go. Fits smoking your faggot's watch magnolia get your life in order and maybe one of these days You might get paid again. I'm embarrassed for it Should I try to be a big booster and try to like to talk about how great the website is we're getting a zillion hits on there We got that mozo and the mini mozo. We got a lot of good stuff going on there Here's a lady in Pembroke Pines are first call of a day. Hello I mean in Miami shores wherever she is where I get Pembroke Pines hello I don't know. I don't know where he got Pembroke Pines. I don't know. Just can't it's just flashed up I'm behind my back on the brain No, little Miami shore graph anyhow I'm really happy to watch Magnolia because PT Anderson's actually probably one of my favorite directors And that that movie was actually probably his most personal movie because he was going through all that Cancer stuff with his family at the time too. Oh really? I didn't know that. Yeah, did you watch the diary? Did you watch the supplemental CD with the art? No, not yet. No. Okay. If you get a chance to watch it You'll see a part of him and actually his girlfriend Fiona Apple who I'm on no big fan of She's pretty with her her little Tim B clothes in her videos with he directs who But he also did boogie lights and the one that makes her go through great movie, right? Okay And heart-ache which was his first film Oh Nice nice on talk up by the way you hit the opposed beautifully Hey, man, I'm all I have a soundtrack. I love Amy man. They're good friends and you know not only ask you this because George is so out of it on this movie He's in La La Land Listen because I don't want to be the only one because the one part of the movie that really grabs me the most is the scene where they're all singing wise up I mean to me that's one of the most greatly shot scenes even Jason Robards who's on his deathbed His lips are moving and calm cruises in the car and every character in the movie of any consequence is singing this song at the same time And then And a little kid says give up and it's just that's the movie. That's what it's all about Oh my gosh, it's absolutely magnificent and the last movie he did with some of the was punch drunk love Okay, I hate Adam Sandler. Okay, I do too. Okay now Adam Sandler was the lead at male and his last movie So I went to go see it in the movie theaters. It's blown away What one away? Right I have respect for the boy now. Well, what is it called? It's called punch drunk love But the weird thing is it was outmine theaters ages ago and and movies that were out after that are out on DVD Contrunt it's in limbo somewhere You know they're making a suit up criterion collection who knows But you definitely have to check out punch drunk love because and it didn't get any it didn't get any respect in America In Europe Oh was like crazy. You know they're like you know he could have a bunch of awards best director at comms and Love Thomas Anderson is a genius make them a stick about it. Oh my god. Absolutely Two other movies. I think you I don't know if they're up your alley or not Director of West Anderson movie is Rushmore and his other movie is the Royal pun and bombs Mozilla is one the Royal pun and bomb. Oh the Royal Tannen bomb. Yes, somebody about to juice With this ticket the cast for the Royal pun bomb is phenomenal Okay, thanks. Okay, okay, you have a good one you too. Okay, bye So Peter boys gonna watch Magnoded night. I guarantee if he doesn't agree with me It's one of the great movies of all time. He'll probably never get paid again 1027 at five 60 WQM Tom Lamin and General sales manager Joe Prieto and Hall of Pontiac GMC Our obsessed with this show with the people who listen to it the people who hate it everybody connected with it And of course those of us who work on it. They love us like crazy and Hall of right now Check out the areas biggest selection of 2003 GMC on boys on boy Excel's you cons you connect sales and Denellies and nobody in town Nobody in the universe has got a bigger selection of these great vehicles than Hall of and they also always have a stupidist Dependable selection of pre-owned cars trucks SUVs and by the way, being a boy just about all of them have air conditioning too And if you're really crappy credit if you don't get paid on payday like some people we know Don't worry about it because they'll want to find a way to get you deal But that's where you should have got you a car smuck Yeah, oops, so for the best selection on GMC SUVs kneel deals and lots more see Hall of Pontiac GMC 13411 South, Thixie Highway that's who we on US one across from the falls where they've been doing it great for over 35 years open seven days a week If you want more information on any other deals just call the Neil hotline toll free one triple eight 5344-411 be sure mention my name you'll save even more one triple eight five three four forty-two eleven Hall of Pontiac GMC be professional graze Here's for 20560 suing If you like mustard garage and junkyard wars you'll go eat for the new show on animal planet monkey garage That show that was dangerous power tools in the hands of angry 37 cases of monkey box I'm just mentioned passing okay there's all kinds of crap out there waiting to get you 37 cases of monkey pots in the US kind of you there yet No, but you will early in the day yet Okay, so anyway, here's the story actually I haven't my hand right now Canadians witnessed the landmark decision from the anterior court of appeal today the court is ruled at the right to wedge should be extended to same-sex couples and a ruling that basically says Canadian law on traditional marriages on constitutional The existing common law definition of marriage violates the couples equality rights on the basis of sexual orientation under the charter reads the ruling on top of all at the court So the current definition isn't valid and the law has to be changed These city of Toronto clerk has been ordered wish of marriage licenses to the same-sex couples involved in the case. How do you like that? All right, guys get married in Canada pot laws have been loosened up a little decolonization action going on as we continue moving to the Something 15th century least While America continues taking gigantic steps back What am I gonna do with this Hillary book, huh? You turt You're not gonna do with it. Door stop. Yeah, it will be good door stuff. It's pretty heavy-duty How much did I pay for this piece of crap? I don't even want to know. I'm I'm scared to load this out. I'm a checkmate. Huh? Where in hell is the price? They probably tried to hide it. I wouldn't blame them Oh no 44 bucks Canadian 28 bucks US Oh, my God, but for this piece of crap. Oh, God. You could keep it in the bathroom and then if I don't I don't like it I don't like her. I think she's as funny as it is long. Yeah, I don't think she's got any qualifications to be a senator much Like to be president and you know, she's right not above his coat tails and all this bull crap Oh, she was just devastated what she found out about Monica is there anybody who believes that? It's that the simple women you'll notice that the people who were lined up for the book night before lands and all women Yeah, oh yeah, what is wrong with a woman of America between the whole pro-pro-pro-pro-business and the Hillary business how much time you give me and and you see that on the away they have a website to support Martha Stewart She got six million hits yesterday six million hits from women just suck at Martha Stewart saying oh yeah What is the story here how much time you given me? 567.0560 a lot of time because we're sure not can a lot of calls going to be just like yesterday all over again I have no idea why we're trying to fill out our main poll that we're gonna be taken staring the next hour Which of these do you think best describes Hillary Clinton award or phrase? You're take so far we got the ice princess opportunist carpet beggar and then I added lightweight Because to me that's she's a lightweight. She's what what is she done? Was she what she wanted those people to spoke out against the war? No, no It's not a fact I can never see in her with Chris Matthews on soft balls one night on a C.N. whichever one it is and she was like having a debate with somebody And basically saying the same thing that the person on the other side was saying Just like almost all of them are crats were doing cover in her ass covering her big disgusting pimpley ass But we love Hillary and look at that 170 votes if the election were right now 119 for Hillary and 50 for George's W 70% for her only because she's not him She's a buffer And you know what the family needs lots of buffers here's Miami. Hello Yes, sir good morning sure how are you this morning great? Are you looking for nicknames for Hillary? No, not nicknames the words or a spread it could be a nickname that'll be okay Well, I got a few of them, but I think the one describes here best would be headless Hillary Think about it Think about it Yeah, I get it, but what does that mean she doesn't give head oh a headless Hillary. Oh so lame 5670 560 pound 560 I think these must be some of the people that were in Clarence's surprise birthday party last night Don't you although I shouldn't knock it because that lady was very good talking about Magnolia She was great All right Here's Miami hello Hello, yes, sir, is that me? That's you Neil you were talking about Magnolia's for the last couple days You are a question you might have answered night and catch it. Why was it raining frogs at the end? What does that mean? Because the crap happens. That's what that meant that is what does happen? Thanks. I mean did you watch the whole movie? Yeah, I did I enjoyed the movie. I thought it was very well done Did you start in the beginning in the beginning where they had the narrator describing some bizarre things They were like three different things they showed the kid that the jump to commit suicide and his mother shot And I suddenly fired the shot out the window And I saw it too long ago. I just don't remember it that well well while that that was the point that bizarre things happen all the time Every day and it's in the same with the raining frogs and toes that happens Thanks, okay, you bet see there you go 567 Okay Mr. Mix 560 pound 560 and I'll tell you one thing about the soundtrack from Magnolia is it kind of like a bonus because both of the songs were in the movie Yeah, we're back ready for a round two Here's our favorite date game show host The library loves super crisp You get that and also Work in charge So I said that my Magnolia soundtrack probably was a better investment than the Hillary book Living history by Hillary Rod and cut. I mean I got it sitting here and it's like It's just heavy I will say this because the main reason I went to the bookstore was to get another movie book to get rid of that damn What's that other thing called the bow the the hound movie hound whatever that thing? No, but the one that I had before that British one. I hate that. Oh, yeah, so this is called video hounds gold and movie retriever The complete guide to movies on video cassette and DVD. It's huge you know like the extra big pages In fact how many pages is this thing have it's got a zillion pages I'm even off the in number. I'm gonna yeah, like 1500 some odd pages And we're talking big the big huge pages and I know it is that have just about every movie that's ever been made That's been released on VHS and DVD but also if you want to go in a back if you don't know the name of the movie Like let's say James Vanderbite every movie he's ever been in Jay and Silent Bob strike back Texas Rangers harvest varsity blues. I love you. I love you I love you not Angus and of course it doesn't have yet any rules of attraction because it's said that was too new You see that yet What Oh, you guys you guys talk a big game you talk a good game, but in a meantime What's the story ahead still way ahead of some people? Oh, well, I'm way ahead with what with the numbers of movies Seeing on especially on the list that we've got down on the list. I just patched you this morning Oh, I like you know a bunch of might be put on this and I'll be passing you guys like your stand and still You know that was something you guys cooked up behind my back and then you're saying oh wow How come you are I was so behind you got such a short list? They're hard looking told me to send you a whole bunch more additional George is fault God damn it. I have seen a few movies in my time and some of my remember the names of not too many Well, look at that phone. What is the story this week has this the week? I'm gonna have to play games I'm in such a great mood things are going so good life is sweet and this audience is dead as a freaking door nail. What is the story with them? Good morning How you feel as you cruising in on the mean streets come on You know something I have no idea what he's talking about and I think that makes two of us Do you think he has any clue what they're just he just blurtz you know is great he just blurtz stuff on Kind of guy 195 votes already if the election were right now 69.7% was vote for Hillary 136 George W. Bush 58 can you imagine if we put bubble on there against Bush? Oh, please. I think maybe we will do that for a little while. How many I think Although he can't run against what's in the one it would be just that would be like a bad tea. It's just a jerk off Exactly. Oh, that was in the rules of it a lot of 1041 is five 60 WQM by now you've been hearing a lot about lamina's arus and how lamina wood flooring from lamina's arus is the easy low maintenance Alternative denatal wood flooring and that is absolutely correct lamina's arus is the best place to find lamina would eliminate in wood flooring from Parador pergo Wilson art uniflooring quick step They got all the top names all installed by pergo certified installers Here's another big time reason why you ought to be calling lamina's arus their prices will absolutely floor you Right now you can get through some are special for just 1995 bucks that's right just 1995 dollars rub two three of it in east square feet a beautiful lamina wood flooring it is absolutely Unbelievable and lamina's arus will match any legitimate written offer two if you want a free and home estimate with no obligation call lamina's arus toll free at 1 877 7773336 What could be easier free carpet disposal free furniture moving at 25 year warranty and Years and years of beautiful easy care limit wood flooring call lamina's arus today toll free 1 877773336 My This is for trail by 64 2 I like it I like it He's suffer from occasional stress now there's relief with relaxer image just one relaxer in a day and Your world is that ease relaxer in gentle natural use only as director one Daily use relaxer and may cause bleeding ulcers lesions osteoporosis in my proceed Cadillac spline is gastrointestinal bleeding explosive vomiting severe diarrhea and headaches loss of hair burning skin Every time it's longening years leading to death Response integration busy walls north Is deterioration points in some sudden loss of lens and causes paranoia voices in his sensation above scrolling on scan also that But I also breath choking and possible death So for occasional daily stress to get you feeling that year self again you can feel confident with relaxer 1046 at 560 W to Q I am all the pills all the time of pop somebody say Sounds good to me Here's the fact that says screw that bitch who wants the war reality pictures taken down They should remain there along with anymore that can be posted until long after the presidential election With the miniscule attention span of the American public taking the pictures now it make the impact of the whole disaster Disappear in their minds it would be difficult enough to maintain the image of this travesty for two years Maybe the gruesome picture site needs a countdown clock for the elections to be superimposed on at section save the picks It's a ride and honestly you are so it's not to be liberal chronic. It says at the bottom I guess this audience don't give a flying crab blood. How are you know it? No, they don't I mean we will vote for president But other than that we don't want to know about her That goes to show you how this enchanted we are to say to really right now. I'll pissed off and fired up most of us are Jesus Christ. He's got like a 71% of the votes 123 votes. She's got a 159 and W is only got 63. Well that's your crowd nail good excellent We're delighted. We're pleased is punch We make no apologies. Okay, because we've had many many light weights for president for example You don't have to look too far 567.0560 pound five 60. We got to get some positive adjective on air for her. Oh, that was on it a positive one Which of these do you think best describes Hillary Clinton? Well, I don't want you to do it. I wanted from the audience Ice princess opportunist carpet bagger lightweight those are the first four that I came up with because I had nothing positive say about it. Well I don't know how about she's not she's not George W Okay, huh? I have one that's not exactly negative. Okay, squishy Squishy she did you see those this one suit pictures? Okay squishy Oh Man 567.0560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line they couldn't give a crap less about Hillary or her book Here's Miami hello Hello, my Miami. Yes. Yeah, I've been hearing you guys talking about movies There are the last couple of weeks and I first and also movies mentioned yeah I think the best one we probably send some American beauty is the pianist I don't even think I mentioned that at all a lighter. Have you seen it? No, I heard about it It's actually amazing It's one of the other concert concert concentration camp movies. Yeah, the Warsaw camp It's a story of a Polish pianist named Steven and it's the the stories beautiful The shots are amazing. It's it's very well written. It's one of the best movies that's been a long time really Yeah, yeah, definitely our room of philanthropy is awesome. Yeah, I love living these on and he did a great great He's actually he lives through a concentration camp and so he had a pretty much like a first-person view of The writing is movie and I think he didn't also and so the score of the movie You're talking about the score of Magnolia like that The score for the pianist is brilliant. It's it's all a lot of I'm not sure how pronounced the composer's name I think he's shopping Shoken Okay, thanks. It's not my list. Thanks. Talk to you Okay, I'll never watch I mean Hey, if you're not gonna watch the English list Which is excellent five stars. I'm trying to explain you. I'm just not into those kind of movies, okay Well, whatever if I want to see I've seen every I might be not every but I've seen most of the double-dead w2 a documentary is all the Hit the end of the concentration camp thing. It's just that's the backdrop. It's about this guy Shendia and what what he does What what what what is he does save a bunch of Jews oh well Do you save Sarah no Didn't save Sarah couldn't save her from herself how about Harry did he save Harry both far no See I can only concentrate on so many Jews all at once follow them sing maybe if you went to concentration camp No, the president was just there 567056 they got a lines for that, but we don't need the secret service calling the radio station 5670560 pound five 60 on the 1810 Verizon wireless line The what is it? And some will be about a Polish penis. Does that what he said exactly a Q bossa? Here's a woman a roller line and hate what I do that. Here's West Palm Beach hello Neil yes, sir About three years ago when my local talk state was for treating us the town like a show Yeah, that was about the time the magnolia was coming out and he claimed that he had been contacted by them And the calm cruise church and then movie was based on him and that pretty much Feel the right Wow Give me a break He claimed that he talked to them and they based on his in the on him and I was like well, that's all I need to do Because he was a sexist a women hating that that was the nature of the care Hey, I guess it's possible Because I don't know any of it. I don't know any of the talk show host is made his entire livelihood based on a hate and women like like his has done I mean, how does that guy keep an audience? I mean you must have some pathetic losers listening to him that just wanted blame somebody for their own pathetic lives There you go Anyway, I'm done. Thanks, Fowl Tell time to get a new motorcycle jacket away. Wait Wait for this to start Like a fun. No, it's instrumental. It's not gonna start 5 6705 60 pound 560 on a 18 see I'm telling him so excited in the audience is like I don't care. I don't care what they say because let me ask you this. What are you more interested in movies or sports? You're not asking me that. What yeah, I'm asking you in beaver boy. What are you more interested in what's more? I mean it devil's one to Stanley cup last night. Big deal was really boring. I watched about 10 minutes of that It was I mean the ducks never even competed last night. It was you know To gear kept them in a game and he wins the cons my trophy, but big deal. It was boring Hockey's in a lot of trouble, man. It's in big big big deep as travel It was so anyway I was watching Johnny a Donnie Darko Johnny Dark right Johnny Darko and And I like I told you before to show Drew Barrymore who I usually can't stand she was very good She didn't have like a big role in there, but she was excellent as the right-haired school teacher Who got can for doing too good of a job and being too conscientious. She was excellent She's a bit at least if they wouldn't keep care of typecasting her and that's dimbo blonde the stupid ass rolls You plays That's where I learned a hate or in all those other stupid movies. She's been in but she was very good and The kid Jake Gilin Hall who went to lead role. He was very good But then we get to the last five or ten minutes and you say now this this is not We're not fine. This shouldn't have had an alternative ending. You know how some of the seat in the DVDs I got alternative endings. That's what it should have had Should have pressed the buzzer That was unacceptable give me something I can handle because I just uh, but I'm really I get into this thing And whether the audience I got some other ones sitting here. I got me train spotting haven't seen yet Another then drug movie right Where they all talk funny and I got equal over yeah, what how do you say it equal the grim and somebody see that? Oh, I want to see that as matter of fact since you mentioned train spotting I played the train spotting theme as the open music this morning Really yeah, well, I didn't catch on to that. How do you like that? So oh oh the white I think I got you be a little bit because I know you got the uh the Reckwin song Booker right has a hard one the break you have to make a important every time you play that particular tune. Yeah, you know what's going on at the bokeh Brian house Lower really he had to call he's on the floor Um Take it out of one And you know, it was very you're not even really Count yourself at you to see it out of the corner of the eye as as the movie progresses She's starting to pop three at a time at three just she's doing three Ripples and the 15 degrees And see for work for the fact that we fell into this a few weeks ago and everybody seen any of these now Would have been a tremendous bad band deal. Let me let everyone's got Christian bail who was so great in American psycho right And it says on the bottom of the cover. It says forget the matrix this movie will blow you away I'm like Hillary it will blow you away. Now you won't bring any DVDs down because you have to declare them or whatever I don't want to slap all these down there. However what is that the same deal like if you have a CD Right even if it's all opened that everything you got if they should go through my luggage and they'll say oh well What are all these did you buy these in Canada? Of course. I've got I mean, you know, I don't want to go through all of that hassle plus why should I be slipping these all back and forth? Okay, if you're gonna for it. I mean you can afford that what's that thing Netflix? How much how much is that how much is it calling you? Come on To answer the point that I want I want to say no no wait a minute how much on a bird 20 bucks a month And you get and you get to change it how many times how many cdvd's you get? I guess as often as you want I don't want to be easy One of the Requiem soundtrack. I'd wanted to make a copy You want to soundtrack. I can bring that yeah. I can bring it the CDs that I have I'll even bring the Magnolia soundtrack Because it's probably your protest stations. We want copies. I don't care what anybody says Why's up by any man that scene in Magnolia? That's the greatest scene in the history of motion picture It's an act of a genius by Peter Apaltama's and is whatever hell is aiming Peter Paul in the Harry How's here he doing Harry the thingy around it. What is he doing here? Here's a Fort Launderedale. Hello. Come on in. Yes, sir You kind of stole my thunder a bit you were talking about what you'd rather have movie or sport Yeah, I was gonna ask you if you saw the version of the movie the mighty ducks what they lose at the end You know Anyways, I did see Requiem for a dream good. Yeah, I love the plot with a But a refrigerator with a refrigerator cop and try to attack I thought that was great Yeah, and I hate the devil and that's all I can say okay, and I'm with you about constantly Actually, I'm going This is when she was a cleaning the kitchen rather frantically remember that yeah, he was teed it up a store man I think it was spotless Speaking of pop and good stuff in your post for years I've been telling you about something I touched on this morning again Oliomed, Oliomed, some jails contain pharmaceutical grade Olihoel That's just your pedestrian Olihoel you can buy in a supermarket like in a bottle on a shelf But super concentrated Olihoel loaded with health benefits Olihoel made every day can up reduce the risk of heart disease high cholesterol Plus there are 14 different Olihoel made formulas that you can choose from each one combining the finest Alavoile on this planet with vitamins minerals and herbal support specific health needs from your bones your blood pressure to your immune system Just pick up the formulas that are right for you and what you need now their three new Olihoel Metcomas want to help you sleep want to help you control your weight Sarah And she's only going to be pop and Olihoel made you know it for Sarah and sell cute 10 for your heart Picks them up today pick up Olihoel made it public-everage Walgreens whole food markets Revars and sedados or you can order it online if you like an Olihoel Metcoma American dot com if you want more information about these two pennies products it's 1 866 Oliho Men 1 866 6 what is it 6536633 My And local this is for 235 6 2 It's day Oh my god And 5 6 O W 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 There's a man who's in my family who's someone of the police But mother is his wife I can't deny I'm somewhere in this deep on this there's a goodness I can find You've had whole with me down inside of daddy Oh He's gentle and so kind Oh Gentle and so kind This is a man who lives with all those other bras who tortured her house And then shut up without who spent so many nights in trouble with ladies who did his 30 years in a penitentiary I know I lay on bail when he wanted me to be the sacrifice you'll get for a fake wash of the day And we've been jailed in the middle of the war who tried to shoot me twice but we saw you last happy father stay Hey asshole Happy father stay Happy father stayed all the good days there any audience all for you 1103-560 W to him we asked that before on a show of nobody ever responds why mothers generally are so much better parents and fathers generally speak in tend to be a disaster Is there any special reason for that? I don't know all over a boy there his dad took him went and picked him up from his little problem in his car this morning Yeah, I never had any problems with my dad drove all the way back to work would it be alive? I don't think well Yeah, only then let you smoke in a car in a way bad bastard What the window? Is he listening to the show? Yeah, okay, so I'm not gonna tell him what you said about me other day 560-70560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line Clinton lamented politics of personal destructive she Hawks are book She's Hawking it. I have something positive on that pulpit. What does a matter of fact that we supposed to put that up there now? Yeah, yeah Now I think this our what we'll do is a bill Clinton again said not that says that would be cruel in our fantasy. Well, what's the point? What would be the point if we had if we had 600 votes in bill Clinton was running against George W. Your homity votes push would have the idea. Maybe if he's lucky That's why so many people are jumping on a Hillary bandwagon because that's the closest we can get and a lot of people are thinking well If you didn't get elected he'd still be pulled in the strength behind the scenes, you know, he'd still be pulled on it. She'd be busy with Janet we know. And her friends. I just don't get it. I mean, I look at her and I hear her speak and I see the whole deal and I just leaves me limp. It kind of likes she left her husband, limp. I mean, can there be any question about that? No. I mean, he was always a womanizer or a hormander and what tells her on with that. But in the meantime, there must have been something missing in her home. She's a green person and sucking bitch. Ice princess bitch. Right. But other than that, here's Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. No. Yes. You were talking about Hillary this morning and you were afraid or something to associate with her right thought. And I thought a one that was appropriate. Yes? Let's sweeping dogs lie. What does that mean? Let's sweeping dogs lie. Take lie either way you want. Lie or lie. I'm having an out of body experience. Yeah. Man, I thought that the headless hormone or whatever it had I wouldn't be for. I thought that was bad. That was sensational. A word or a phrase that best describes Hillary Clinton. Is it, you know, you were joking that it's too difficult this. Yeah. No, I wasn't joking. Oh, my God. I think we pushed them over the edge. Two purple pills at the top of each hour. That'll help you out. That'll get you right up to a clock. Don't forget Joe Rose for the day I'm mad dog today. Just be no one overwork a man. I am a legend because I'm good isn't it. You're so wonderiable, with the ideas of my greed? You mean? You need money right away. And I want to scare you. Guess. Yes. Do you want to risk your wealth? Right, I know I dare read this before I do I dare read this call what you just fast me? No, I don't know because it's a bunch of jokes. They're not all that good. Oh, they're stupid. Okay. Well, why are you facting that? Oh, it's number good and some are not you know I don't want I don't want to joke today. Okay. I want to get heavy duty. I want to talk about Magnolia and Requiem all day today And how come nobody called us agey word surprised you didn't like Donnie Darko on at I am B.D. List. It's rated number 88 of all time And it of course is by the people who subscribe I am D.B. or did it all round on it Who give their opinions on it 88 of all time is Donnie Darko and I guarantee if you if you I mean if you want to get it go ahead But there are many on the way I'll watch it for free, baby Maybe and I'm not saying it's bad and yeah, no You why did you fetch me all these stupid jokes? You're all right same part of the same fact Jesus Christ God did it I'm gonna start to enjoy it See, I think that's what this is all about I think that all these people recommending all these drug movies because everybody I'm watching late. That's all that about his drugs Donnie Darko well, I was a little about drugs. Not really heavy duty. It was kind of like when they were smoking cigarettes, you know pretty heavy Schmidt But transporting you can you can see just by the cover of this thing that this kitty either either he just came out of the swimming pool But it's closed on or he's having a little bit of a problem, you know The latter have you seen his trans body? Yeah, yeah, and you like their well of course you like it because you're both druggy and I like those whole I like the Scottish Irish Scombeck genre That was really well done Hmm the Scottish Irish Scombeck well, I've been leaked too many out Don't forget to stop invented golf and kills and the long stockings that come right up here crack Braccombe Here's the facts from richy and coral springs at the end of last night's game seven of the away to my Richard I'm sorry. I want to say because it might be dick Like in rules of attraction You gotta see that I'm good you're kind of movie. I'm tiny. It's a no it's a no brainer. It's guaranteed. You can't lose what I saw That was certainly one of the best scenes of the movie and I went Tapie came out of the screen with the other Sarah with her nice red dress on and All the camera crew came into the living room and they stepped a microphone Can away from me who are you what are you doing here? I don't want you here. She finally got on television At the end of last night's game seven the Stanley cup had happened to me again each you no matter who wins the cup I found myself tearing up a tearing up Oh When Lord Stanley's cup is presented it's like yelty this morning. I heard my five minutes of the most show this morning and yelty's going on All the NHL sure got it right. They sure got it down when I got it going and it was a super the got it going would that Stanley cup presentation I thought to myself are you out of your mind you're such a little such a little sniveling suckhole man Who the how are you kidding an additional which you've jugs gets fired doing the games on radio Perrell's gonna get that job. It no chance you're gonna get that guilty. You got a long line forming in front of you In fact, wait before you never get that job. I'd apply for it to an apparent the games put you to shame you put It says there's no fan of the levels. It was wonderful to see that I didn't watch the celebration Only in Jersey where the fans had the usual horrible selves that we see booze Such is what rained down on John Sebastian you get when he rightfully won a consma trophy. I didn't see that This well, it's in New York summer, but expect in New Yorkers there this tackless display of bullism only a solidified Light is that there's so many people out there who neither understand a game a hockey or the term sportsmanship Each year went rave down here about the uneducated fan the fools that attend the Panther games on the hockey can still ever have it to do when it rightfully should well It rightfully should now now what a kind of a crap that they're peddling now. They've created their own mode nightmare And part of the nightmare was going into markets it shouldn't have the hockey team in the first place likes out Florida for example And like a land are going back there where they already failed before even though they got a pretty nice young team, but nevertheless I mean, well, what's the point? Watering it down Carolina. There's another example It's sad that the single most wonderful game in this planet can be so well defined by its talent and beauty when so many people out there simply don't get it It says Richard and Carl Sprint. Well, I agree with you. We're too dick whatever you call yourself But the fact that a matter is it's like selling a hollow out of the glam and ain't gonna work Forget about it. They don't want it. They don't know from it. They'd rather watch women softball They'd rather watch anything. They'd rather go to cockpipes. They're not hockey fans And when you're feeding them the ponderous craft that Gary Betten decides is what hockey's all about Fewer and fewer people will be watching and then of course September of next year. It's gonna be it is vast Here's a lady in Tamorack. Hello Yes, man Hi my name is Barbara my maiden name was Arilastia because it's a baron Arilastia me oh my goodness. I can't believe it My Second cousin my father's name is Nathan Arilastia. He is a genius My cousin supported him No such him's right until he did Recognition during when he did point directive pie and he also wrote it She sent out letters for all her Friends across relatives For a thousand dollars donation towards two living and they supported him We got money from her friends and her relatives to help support him I've been for like $29 in the bank at that time Ha Is that Carlos? My friend's cousins It's my and instead that's my friend's cousin are in the world. They'd have a little bit part like cousin for resembles and very much We've on the train and His wife was someplace and they were for one pie and We hear about the world at the time and he's not living with an actress and Then they are at the same for one room six hours a month. Really? Uh-huh But it's been such a watch him and to watch his progress when he was Who are and nothing right? The proposal was supposed to direct a graduate movie and you won't have felt for only with a post to do the new Let's not Superman the other one That man will be out Well he is his sensation. I'll tell you he's a he's an absolutely I'm sorry I'm on 95 next the trust the justices are with a lot of it's like we're very bad We're talking about the suit. I'm going to see my mother master. I'll ask you if the phone fortunately is on that isn't home Well, be sure and tell them that but we're in love with his work, okay? I Surried when I'm talking to you. Thanks. Bye. I'm amazing. How do you like that? I'm so sorry I'm sorry All right 1113 at 5.60 WQAM hurricane seasons here before a storm hits you put up shutters to protect the windows doors of your home But what about the roof of your house These so-may paint factory makes roof master care roof coating that can help you hurricane proof your roof So-may's roof master saved a hundred roofs during hurricane Andrew while on protected roofs were peeding off and flying away like crazy as we saw So-may also has waterproof coatings for every kind of roof called the so-may paint ah Say it again you can choke up about it. Just so-may paint factory at 305 633 63 33 the so-may paint factory is the oldest quality paint and waterproof coating manufacturer in Florida So-may so-may why will save you money because they eliminate the middleman and all those markups They sell it to everybody at wholesale prices that are 60% lower than what you'd pay for national brands and retail stores So protect your home and property from soft lotus tough tropical climate with the best paints in water for Coana accordance at the best prices call these so-may paint factory 305 633 63 33 or find them on a web at so-may.com So-may why so-may.com you save money when you buy directly from the so-may paint factory and be sure and tell that old meal pony to call at numbers 305 633 63 33 Hey sugar how about something Don't you Let me pay the price 60 we got that on our list what Groups the cryo i suggested department game events bands see that i got these two stories one in a chand okay In my left hand the right to wed Canadians witnessed landmark decision which i read moments ago that the story about an hour ago The Canadian core rule that the right to wed should be extended to same sized couples in other words to everybody anybody who's like an adult wants to get married and here in the other in the right hand In the far-reaching holding off to the far-right. Yeah, gee right script announced on Friday decision by the Department of Justice Headed by conservative attorney general john as crop to ban employees annual gay pride events saying the move said a chilling message to its gay workers chilling The O. J. pride head marina colby told right issue was taken aback when she was informed the employee groups annual awards ceremony would not be permitted because president push it not officially sanctioned it All we want is the same opportunity to recognize contributions to inform our community like other employers association She said we know a special treatment we want equal treatment the nonpartisan human rights campaigns had asked crop cancel these events after being lobbied by conservative groups It's shameful that the federal agency that's in charge of protecting civil rights in this country is signaling out one group for disparate treatments It's spokesman David Smith. It sends a chilling message that gay employees are not a welcome part of the justice department workforce What are you doing on that? Already two by the way I think you're part what are you gonna get the message? As soon as Joey saza gets it 567 0560 pound 560 on the end We got we got the hell of a pull up of this isn't got a fly we got to have some other choices on there You notice how Eric Center real hurt to get the other one up today, which means either he's got several lunches that he's got lined up or he just don't want to get left in behind in since You know Guess what I hate to break the nose to Eric but Carlos left you in his dust, okay? Left you in the wake of the incredible stuff he's done on our website these last few months I started to say this yesterday and you interrupted me about all this crap see you your whole concept of that radio station is Cock-eyed all right because in the meantime we got the top numbers Everybody in the market everybody outside of the market knows what the number one show on a station is so what a weird care If there's a bunch of overgrown children in there a bunch of little sports children with a little college Huh you keep missing the point. No, I don't miss the point okay, because I'm not I'm not somebody that looks at it like from you know Some people ask I'm hearing the point the people that pay him the people that pay him Then they're gonna do that hate the fact that he does a good job on our website the people that's you Me that is the people that the people that change They're not paying they're not paying him for that Right, but they hate the fact that he does that That he's not making any points by helping the we are such a a negative little Plus my interview I look at it and I look at the number of hits were getting every day in the try to Respondion all the neat stuff that's other the Mozo and mini Mozo and all the other great stuff And I just crap my pants man in fact our two now listen is knocking on the door right now We love it. They hate it and I don't care that's the point I keep trying and see he did it again being a boy I'm trying to try to give you some kudos and you're not fooling me. Tell jealousy. Yeah Every time I try to like say something good about the stupidest job I was brought our website for an embarrassment and outdated piece of crap which it became to a phenomenal one of the all and I'm proud of it We don't want to crack with it. I love it. You think I give a crap about the people that I'm building whether they like this show or not You think I care about that one Oh, they are what currents likes to show today. I hope the beast likes to show what do I give a crap about those people there a bunch of silly sports There are a bunch of overgrown children. They don't get him. He They pay him and they hate him. They are not paying him for doing Anything on our website. That's not a part of his assignment. I know he does that out of it. It's a work of what is it called the labor of love the labor of love 567560 pound five 60. I guess he just loves this more than Eric did because Eric said it was a labor of two But he wasn't laboring too much Here's the call from Delray Beach, hello Now, what's your just trying to say? I think I'm trying to help him. Are you trying to say this when somebody hits on your page? It's taking away a hit from the QAM page. That's how they see it. Yeah, and they see it as that's a negative Although they don't they should be seeing another lot. Let me point something out to you. Do I care about that? Well, good. You shouldn't absolutely I don't see that's that. It's fine Other than the paycheck the biggest difference between me and George is that he cares about what other people think I Couldn't give a flying crap less your paycheck doesn't depend about what depends on whether they like you or not Yeah, yeah, and what about yours? Well, we're talking about Carlos. My dog actually does because I'm not going to go paycheck Because George sabotage you can say thank you. Okay, let's when we get back to the call or hear your step-in-one This guy's got obviously something to say. Oh head. Okay on your Hillary poll. Yeah, you get to me You'll my phrase. I think you'd be for her Is healthcare that how she screwed it up. She can't paint Right, she can't paint on it eight years in office. She didn't do a damn thing And as soon as it came up, she folded like a cheap long chair right and Is that the launch here that the Sarah Gold Farmer's on? Thank you. You know that's the same exact one yeah, and now my health insurance cost We have $1000 a month for just average healthcare I'm barely afforded. Yeah, and I hate the bitch for it She and she folded up like you said like a cheap launch here just like she did on a war at the At the racket that's right. She's nothing but she's just in the sense that she claims to be an outsider She's for crap. Hey, man. Well said pal Thanks good luck to you You like that he's pissed off fired up Can we put we got to put something good on this poll otherwise works the point I don't even see the things that we put on it Now he didn't he's not well look now don't start pushing Eric. Oh, yeah, not not probably a beiner boys fall because he's too busy Try to defend himself against your attacks We don't have light way What now we do have light way what if she's not George W that should be on there or squishy that was yours and what about Brilliant let's put pretty on her. I'm gonna start putting some good one because if you're gonna have a poll I can't all be negative what's what's the point? We just had 71% the people said they'd vote for her for president and granted We understand it because he's not George W Maybe that's the one I ought to be on there right away. Let's get these other ones on there now, boner boy You pick up that phone and you tell Eric we want them on there now or we're taking away his guy They're in breakfast and lunch burritos. I think like that. Huh. We're gonna start playing hardballs with Eric She's not George W squishy or brilliant. I mean I end the brilliant part. I sure wouldn't vote for that I mean I already voted lightweight that was my vote lightweight. I mean Well, what what does she have that and forget about the one who's in there, but because he stole it What what qualifications does she have to be the president because he was married to one there you go Well, how about what that was the name of the Domic I killed like I run over Um I mean right, but I mean Buddy buddy buddy that's it buddy if buddy we're still here today See what I'm saying He was the dog of the president so why don't I let he was probably at least a lot more passionate to her to president she and then she was been a long time Here's Maria. Oh, fact. It's as I have a movie. I'd like you to see American beauty very good Also a name for Hillary she's the devil Okay, the devil she's the devil she's the devil. Okay, I'm put that on there America beauty is good Is it yes? I thought you told me not to see Murphy what you be who told me that? I don't know Somebody told me must have been a collar I must have been taken pills purple or green If we're broken Brian if you can get himself up off the floor one more time, please He's another one He's not gonna bring in okay, let me do the break cuz I got some facts is here oh here. She said doll Bobby a bubble head doll It says these phone calls are driving me in the mozo no mobile phone calls, please I can't stop oh bedtime stories all day I'll pay to listen number one fan Oh 100% Jamaican Jamaican guy what the hummowy was it where there was a Jamaican drug dealer Oh, oh rules of attraction you noticed that every time there's a Jamaican guy in it because they're trying to make it in like realistic That's why George is so happy to work in that neighborhood 11 27 at five 60 WKM I can't think of any other reason can you Plus the fact you got Jimmy loobo, but every not only a tired kid Oh forget you can go to jiffy loobin hang out with people during the bablin bro If you're a disenchanted with your life if your job sucks if your paycheck is an embarrassment to you If you're in a dead in situation as far as workers can circuit out of that call fast train today Fast train can have you fully trained already for a new high-paying computer career just for short months Call him toll free. There's no obligation. No spina tear just how easy it is call one eight six six fast train and Past train even better news is got locations all over town there in Miami, Kendall for Lutterdale and Pembroke Fines so there's bond to be one nearby you and convenient to where you live call right now 866 fast train and don't forget fast train offers job placement assistance financial aid convenient evening weekend classes Do you have got any more excuses to stay in a crappy dead-end job that pays peanuts when you can be just one phone call and Format's away from a real computer career and a big fat one in a good paycheck to jump on a fast rate today and call them toll free 1 866 fast train when you call be sure remind him that Todd Drec is really living up to his name or check about on the web It's fast train.com For had one I swear well congratulations, Kendall I like the we wish Thank you So And the tree, Coring us and spring, All kind of us, please let us go to me. Oh! All kind of us, please let us go to me. 23560WCM here's a very convoluted thanks that says, I love your show, I just wanted to express my views in a couple things. As far as the pictures on your website keep them up, I'm personally sensitive to pictures like that, but it's important for people to know that anyone that's not American is a human being too. Two, as far as Hillary, the positive thing I have to say about her is that she's not Laura Bush, who by the looking-or-rise, has nothing in her head. Regardless of Hillary and Bubba's personal life, at least they cared about real issues like everyone in America prospering. Three, as far as what I would like to hear on your show more than sports and or movies, tell us more about a real nation like Canada that cares about the happiness and prosperity for all its people, and is open-minded enough to have women prime ministers and conservative and openly gave politicians. Four, if my suggestion about Canada is not good, please just stay on the ear. Well, okay, okay I'll stay on the ear. What do you say? Well, I think I do pop these things in every non-em, when we have another pot story, a decolonization pot story, a game-mirage story like we had today. I have pop a minute. But we don't want to get Tom Zika up, because then I'll say I'm out of touch with the repressive atmosphere and South Florida and USA. When do you say that? I'm sure. You'll say, Niels, out of touch with the repressive backward mentality in the USA, we got to do some more of this pull is getting me really aggravated. The other one better. Are we putting not lower bush on there? Nah, I don't care. Whatever, we got to have better ones than these. These suck. Doesn't anybody have anything nice to say about all the raw line in the binder guide there? Books, you got $8 million for writing this book. I got it in my hand right here and I wish that I wouldn't have bought it. 44 bucks Canadian down the toilet. Plus GST. But at GST, the general sales tax here? Yeah. But it's great here in Canada, we'd heard of it over the fact that it had to be a lady. It was probably Sarah. Hanging there, Sarah, nice haircut, fine. Always waiting. In fact, if Moq had to just find Sarah's barber before he got the piece, he'd look a lot and he'd look like a woman. He'd look like a woman. I think he'd look like a woman. But I think he'd look like a woman. He'd look like a woman. He'd look like a woman. He'd look like a woman. Before we got the piece, he'd look like a lot better today. Don't forget the Mozo on our website at urrgis.com. All this business, all of a sudden, with that one facts from that Teddy Guy in Kindle, see, I don't take direction real well from the audience. People don't want to tell us what to do, what to do with the website. Leave the website up to Beiner Boy in Eric. Okay, they don't want to find out what to website, especially a Beiner Boy. Eric, man. He's got issues. And you notice now, one person called and said, Well, a Donnie Dirkau was really a great movie and everybody writes it so highly and even my big 5,000 page book, the video hound, the video hound, or at least a couple calls of recommending it. Right. Why do you think I got it? Right. This book gives it three star, three bones out of four, fours the best. And I should mention again, I mentioned off the earth at urgis morning that Edward's got three and a half bones. Well, dessert. Yeah, that Edward bone. See, now, if I would have said that near the feral show, he'd be talking about somebody's package again. I love feral, but he's just obsessed. I'm supposed to be the faggot. But he's obsessed with everybody's package, including his own. Check it out. He was talking about Vlad and his 40 inch package, nonsense he's talking about his trouser snake. Jesus Christ. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 80. I thought it was a macho station. What it is, macho sports station, what could be more much of the packages than a big guppiness rain. Here's a call from my any, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. How you doing? Yes, I am. Great. I got a couple of movies to go for you guys. We're going to do all of a, you know, something we're going to talk about movies as much as we feel like it. How do you like that? Yeah, perfect. No, seriously, again, this audience, I want to give us instruction. Oh, it's too much of this. But everwhere until it burns out, we're going to talk about whatever we want. Go ahead. So, sort of mentioned the Scottish and Irish movies. You guys have ever seen a boom dock saints? No, what is it? Boom dock saints. It's got one of them the phone. Boom dock saints. Yes. Saints? Saints? Oh, saints? Yeah. Really good. Never heard of it. You got to watch that one. Wait a minute, wait a minute. One moment please, okay? Because I got this big 60,000 page book here. Now, how, how new is this movie? That, that, that's our new actually. Came like in, uh, I'd say 98 maybe 99. Two bones, 1999, two bones, two boss and Irish Catholic brothers, Connor and Murphy, McManus, Tinnon would unlikely local heroes after the self defense killings of some Russian monsters who were threatening to close down their local pub. They turned vigilante, believe in their doing God's work to rid the world of evil, which leads to more slaughter investigating the crimes as gay F and gay F the I agent, Paul Snicker, William Defoe, William, I was here with him. William, William Defoe, who is shown reconstructing the carnage in series of flashbacks. Sounds pretty interesting. It's pretty good. And the other one is, uh, lock stock into smoking barrels. Lock by the director of snatch, uh, the precursor, very seriously snatch again. Yeah, snatch. Jesus. Guy Richie. Snatch is much better. But lock stock and you got three bones man. But lock stock is still good. Lock stock into smoking barrels, plot twist laden British Capra company plays like Tarantino and Crumpets. Four Jim Hood's, bacon, soap, eddy, and Tom, pull their, you'll gotten gins or that eddy can play a high stage far game. They don't know the game is fixed however. Yoddy, Oddy, Oddy, Oddy, throw into a laundry pier of antique truck. Doesn't he have a good recipe for a cat pop and good time. Rockstar Sting appears as the public father of one of the lads. Sound three of all in three out of four pretty good. Carlos liked it like what's it called again lock stock and two smoking barrels I'll be there. I'm okay. Well just lock and stuff should be good sir. Okay. Thanks a lot family. I just got much better though. Yeah Snatch yeah, can I look up a snatch yeah? Oh look at it. You've got pictures Oh look at that back. Oh Who's that with? Okay, it's getting close to lunch time. Just cut the crap. Oh they're smoking and abandoned too Oh boy. Well this book you'd be impressed with this book. It's got a way about 5,000 pounds. It is huge Snake eyes What am I looking for? Oh snatch. I'm looking for snatch three bones. That's about time. We got three bones for snatch Allaw lock stock and two smoking barrels Director Richie's second film is another well populated and disorganized crime caper. This time would be simply named low lives trying to hide to still Of 84 caradiamond Leading the mayhem are Turkish and Tommy to boxing promoters who signed Mickey and Irish Gypsy to take a dive But meanwhile Frankie for fingers transports the Red Hot Rock to London and his boss And he's where he probably gets lifted And he's in El Toro Richie's usual use of heavy cockney accents are upstairs by pitch Gypsy Pugillist and as much talked about thick as Guinness rogue which even the other characters can't decipher The elaborate sometimes confusing plot lines are rated by titles and narration and effective use of Richie's usual. Oh, you know something But I gotta tell you For once in my life I have my thumb right on it. You know this movie Danny Darko right now I think it's this review in this book. It better bigger. I'm gonna be pissed off Because even though he liked it And he gave it to three bones Where the hell is it? Donnie Darko come on you can do it. Donnie Darko even at he says Now this isn't the one This isn't the review of this review are right online. I guess where he taught the review where talks about how hard it was to hear some of the dialogue And how he had to keep turning back To hand out I did that about four times during the movie life. I thought it was just me I thought wait, no, what did he just say that was an important line there? And I had like flip it back to hear the line again And here's the review are writing the same damn thing and excusable Well how about the godfather? I heard it fine the dialogue and the godfather is you got you got to have that thing cranked up and you have to have absolute sounds You can't have like a bunch of racket going into background And see what else going on with that 19 till noon at five 60 WQM don't forget Joe Rose the little dog for the mad dog at two the hump or in the studio at four What the hell what just happened there look at that can you believe that? I dropped Sarah gold for Right in one spot Molly pop little boys Here You're a white wall that now just doesn't ever encounter it And if we don't do that never could never come back We're in an awesome dance never we And every block is so I'm like you really will hell yes I do I'm like and she devote all your time to it And I'll just say oh, you know I'll take care of things Take care of endless I'm a BTOB well Please kill every girl I'm up in sol He's been everything I ever saw You're a sweet little goatly dog we drop cinq legs would flow feel Iran votes ice princess 29 carbon bagger 14 brilliant 13 lightweight 10 she's not towards wd6 the devil six and squishy too I got one more okay small potatoes yeah they are kind of small aren't they yeah small takers oh seriously small potatoes that's what she is to me taker tights hmm small potatoes so there you go this one more and I'm gonna tell you I have the book right in front of me though I've got a real great idea here momentarily because here's our last call from north Miami Beach hello yes sir yeah talking about movies but we rented a movie we're not into comedies but we rented a movie called sorted live at the war d id live sort of live it's ever times as a black comedy about white trash it's with both both both both both bridges both and what the hell there it no but both bridges and another new john it opens up with and be about people in the tech that they get the taxes but it has a little gay theme in it which is from the beginning of the movie to the left of the movie after the credit you will be a spherical laughing really yes the name of this sorted live well let me look at how long will you see this I thought about about about three weeks four weeks ago about a month ago I came out I would say no more than five six weeks ago and at the Hollywood video but I think you can get it the black buses I don't know not in my book how do you like that sort of lies it's too new okay I got it down thanks okay thanks line bye bye okay that takes care of our calls for today it's been nice being with you well you got those soundtracks oh yeah I do but I got a better idea than that remember I threatened I was gonna read the Hillary book I got my is well there's something that's right over there for my photo what's going to be what I want to talk to me I do have my bedtime stories here but they're on our website about the edges even to reshows been postponed you'll fall because they can't figure out what Kelly belongs on in the first place for I think what is MSNBC just do everybody a favor in shut off you know sign off bye bye crap they tried to write wing thing you know what at joe scarber on with Michael Savage that ain't working they tried what's the name not one is he barely like still alive or something he's hang on they tried don't you that flat way the big egg and now they're gonna bring out Jesse Ventura he's gonna save and then they like put them on for five minutes and I didn't go over with a crap so that he postponed and you show him pushing it back but I got an American story is chapter one in living history by Hillary Rodham Clinton and we could place some great music behind it I could read the whole god damn book you're on a show huh so it's a thing I bet you a lot of people would start poppin pills if I did this yeah including you well I'm just just telling you right now I don't want to threaten the audience but I'm gonna read the Hillary Clinton book in its entirety which will save you how much did I say American 28 bucks right save it 28 big ones five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line tenthed June man tenthed June it's payday I got paid a day early in a course of being a boy he don't get paid at all this time because he was a bad boy and I don't know why you keep relating that to the to what he does on the internet it's got nothing to do with any that's what you said yeah the point you made is that they should appreciate him here because of all the work that he does for us and you use the internet as an example and I retorted that's that example because they really hate that I said that I appreciate what he does there I didn't say that they should appreciate it they don't appreciate anything they don't appreciate what I have been doing for we worked our ass off for five freaking years and I've tasted got I've never won ratings it made a million to dollars and what do they do they screw it around what is showing stuck us on our nine to one to kill the guy they'm sure for your plus you don't appreciate that and stuck on a guy like a mole Howard David at ahead of us who is like a sandbag and a survey chance he got and try to get everybody fired it in the yeah that's the appreciation they got you kidding me like I've told you a billion times there's only one bit of appreciation you'll get out of that company and that's twice a month on payday and it Carlos is case none George it's not this stuff before I started working here yeah with the don't blame me blame your buddy George he's the one to pick up part out of the overpass I warned him for two years nah it was like three yeah and you got the time of your life you're a superstar now you're on a freaking radio you actually coming on you're making constant comments well you got to you got a comedy bit named after you there for crying out loud oh yeah yeah see there it is he should be put you put that arrogant mental institution don't work if you want money it's seen now you're getting carried away that's not the measly open wish the money part okay how did he've been here two months in fact maybe Harry and what's his name Harry and uh what that was the other characters name kai hi road hi that was his name was that that was great hi that was his name but anyway maybe they'll open up the shoebox and share some of their goodies with it say and you were wrong George what you said yesterday about dinner for comedy it was that which is fault because I forgot I didn't forget about it just forgot to mention it that the whole reason they went into the drug business in the first place was to try to just small time drug business to make enough money to open up her store that's right you're right right to be hurt fault she's a been in that ungrateful slut right once she got hooked boy all of a sudden she wasn't worth a crap except maybe as to ask right well five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighty does the I I do bad things and the worst thing I do is I love the audience to influence me now when I should have allowed them to influence me was during those seven months of bedtime stories I should have taken a message okay but I was listening to you what you're always wrong you know it was their fault who's fault the audience because they were pulling the same crap they've been pulling yesterday and today now we've been we've been last week we had a spectacular week on a show we got for well hours deleted the audience seems to be a lot happier we don't have all the low business to put up with before we come on every day for real give us a nice lead in we actually have about a 10 second crossover there I mean like this week you know what market you want so people are so far and happy unless they can give you a little stuck you know let's take it make your blood your back lead a little bit you know that that's what makes them happy that's what brings them joy is is sending you misery it's not important that they're happy but that you're miserable keep that in mind okay for all summer long here's point and be chillin yes sir hey okay two things number one a movie put me slow and number two Hillary Clinton is the answer she's the answer she is absolutely the answer to get rid of this neocfascist regime we have in power now okay well I like that that she's the answer okay okay thanks what's the question there is no question just as she's the answer so you don't need a question I don't say one thing about this music it is a suicide inducing her what about that we're going to help to reduce the surplus population by playing on this music day after day I am going to play that entire song for Magnolia later good oh you like it I do I like everything about the movie and I don't want to hear this again you know isn't me being a boy is he's starting to get awfully redundant lately like all I crap about you for example at number one and then number two all of this business about Magnolia you didn't like the ending if I we know that we've said that I'm not I don't know if you keep this we're presenting my opinion about it you hated it just like I told him to watch kids right well who the hell is coming what to buy that piece of crap yeah yeah you told me to buy yeah my Alzheimer's ain't that heavy duty okay I'll swap you for the Hillary book for about fifty cents four minutes till noon I'm telling you one thing in spite of the your audience down there it's by all of this crap tended to rock's man oh it's just smoked right on by if you notice that oh yeah in fact that's what the beat of what was doing this more he was smoking right on by the building my my my this is for 205 wait yeah how it David when I take my bellbeen I listen to the nil rages 12th the one hour not George because he's stupid tonight on every canlon television it's the new reality show you've seen a million times it's several money hundred girls and one boring guy either several money hundred girls and one boring guy featuring super hot bays if you squint your eyes competing for one extremely rich and excruciatingly dog eyes why don't you come and not tell with us no I'd rather sit here and be extremely rich and excruciatingly dog which money hundred girl with a one boring guy choose to enter into a relationship that could potentially last upwards of two days before they get sick of each other I really think that you're the perfect man for a future kids to spend alternating weekends there still try changing the station it's on every channel several money hundred girls and one boring guy it's the very best thing the TV programmers can come up with an unfortunate from known as five sixty wqm happy to they too is so for relses that he's got a much larger penis than guilty anybody buying that no not from what we heard have they compared I think that's coming which of these do you think best describes Hillary Clinton we asked how was that last one of the guy said she's the answer the answer yeah that's uh well sure is how better than she's not the djw I mean she's not all she's not anybody else she is what she is 199 votes opportunist 83 ice princess 36 brilliant 24 carpet bagger 19 she's not she w14 lightweight 10 the devil 10 and squishy three three say she's squishy I think Jennifer Conley looked squishy in that one scene's viral that guy said she was tight oh now that one scene she wasn't oh guys please put a condom on that thing yeah in fact what's his name was tight he was real tight he was tighter than a goddamn sneered rum hairy five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line what a shame that that nice big screen TV he bought mine macy's that it's set there in the opposition most of the last part of the movie you know tragic here's a call from my any hello am I on a wrong line probably here's my any hello pretty good sir hey uh I bought the Hillary's book and uh it's up to you when I get out of work it might go to board and somebody another one why is that I need a toilet paper I like wiping my ass with the covers okay great five six seven five six the pound five six the on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line here's a call from Davy hello they knew yes sir uh that's my call that you're a concern I know you guys are talking about my movies I don't have anything to contribute with that I was curious being talking about whatever you want to talk about sir that's the name of the show that's a curious I didn't really listen yesterday and I know that software is not really touching and it goes on I was curious and we commented on the Sunset Notes report on the the eighth of the demo that's growing large remarks are down here and with the statistics and did anybody comment at all yesterday no did you did you see the article on the website yes I did yes did you not find that alarming and said well it's sad but why I mean what what am I gonna say I mean people are just the god careless and they decided it wasn't gonna happen to them and it's all over again with and it's not you know exactly what is interesting but again you know I mean I know the Sunset Notes didn't know that you were not getting the attention that I think this disease needs but yet we're spending you know billions and billions of dollars for things not getting done and I rack and billions of dollars to show other people but we can't even take care of people in our own country and it's just I mean I'm not calling you to hear and try to connect the war versus health care you know here is a nation but it was really just another shocking article and it was continued to try to be educated state that it's just it's just a really sad state of affairs and I you know I don't know I just again you know it's like nothing happened ever gets done a quickly gets mentioned the benefit falls underneath the carpet nobody of you got it that's right set three second attention span I was talking you know another thing I was talking about that article I don't know if you how much you read about it but I mean I forgot I think some point it out but it was just like really just like shady journalism like it was just like try to make it like some kind of a sob story and so I like was I'm gonna have a fact and I'm like that there was a second where the writer was talking about some of that that's smokes crack to use the pain but it's like all she can do is get to the sweet taste of the crack pie to make it through the day it was like this is the sweet taste of the crack pie yeah I want to write it in the article and it's just taken out as an section of the African American pop you have to be smitten me man I'm not a piece of the crack pie but it's a sweet taste of crack which he hit supply was he tasted crack pie does it like this like I wore this the way I want you know it was just it was really trying to make a boy but this again just just another class just remember what the publication you read it in okay soon I'll make a new paper Neil Wilson I thank you as always for preaching the truth out here who us and for everybody that wants with it and another great book that's on your side that you need to read is called why do people hate America and it's written by some of the names God in Sardar and Maryland when Davies and it's a lot I think it's a lot more well written and less opinionated in the Gorbid Hall book it's by a group of a diff disinformation company and it's about a $12 read it is an amazing book it asked the question of you know press wise did 44 bucks can name them as piece of crap by Hillary no no this this book is you know this question is like no why why do people hate us and the question is first you got to ask who is people and second who is us and it's really shows what we're doing to the rest of this world and it really shows how we do ourselves how the rest of the world I'm gonna start I'm gonna get my crack pipe in a second if you don't stop I'm sorry go go get that sweet tasty crack no okay have a great take back there we go come on Sarah oh well just a negative review is you know Pascal B. there's 800 rub views which change your reading them. Of course I don't like the ones that I disagree with but what do you expect? But one of the knocks was that it was so predictable. What was? What was a requiem for doing that? What you knew what was going to happen all of the characters? Well, how do you know that? You know anybody can watch a movie or read a book and then say, oh gee it was so predictable. We knew what was going to happen to Harry and do that. Yeah, Harry and I do, uh, he's Sarah. And any asshole can do that. That they're going to have drug problems. Sirius drug problems at the end of the movie. No crap. Right. All the old the end is, uh, you know, why up in a funny farm like porcera. You know, that's why she was standing like all along with her. Nice white hairdo. At least it wasn't orange anymore. I'll say I can always find something redeeming something good. Even though the darkest cloud. I still say, I'm really disappointed in the Donnie Dirk. I just went on during the last break or a little before that. And I read some more reviews of it and boy, I'm a they build a stuff like this is one of the most phenomenal movies of all time. Wow. I mean, it was enjoyable. It was okay. It was going along and then all of a sudden you get to the last part. See, you didn't like the ending of my video, but I didn't destroy the whole movie. I don't think. No, absolutely not. But in this case, the last five or ten minutes, just I was just when the thing ended, I just said, uh, like that. I just like that. Yeah, I started like dancing around a little bit. What was? So I hate that. Oh, man. Like I wasted an hour and a half for this. God. And he didn't even look all that bad. Jake, uh, given on whatever hell's name is. Not great. But he wasn't on. Okay. 560560 pound five 60 on the AT&T. And in fact, I rather read the Johnny Darks story than Donnie Darko. Don't you think? I'd rather hang around and do does. Rest in peace that place is long gone, right? Right. I guess. Donnie Dark. And hang out with Johnny Dark and here about his trip to Europe that time. Then watch the Donnie Darko again. It is when I will not be watching the second time. Well, maybe he's a lobby. He'll tell you all about it. All right. Get some food for him. Here's a call from for Lauderdale. Hello. Yes, sir. You may have to just two movies or sure why not. Don't be defensive. I'll be repeating myself. How the mod? I don't know if that's going to be said. Well, by the way, we're painting yourself. What do you got? Somebody hasn't already put her on. No, I don't remember. I'll hear all the mod, yeah. And there's one that's an Italian, but it's English, uh, dubbed. It's hilarious if you can find it. It's called the old pair girl. The old pair girl? Yes. It's well worth it. It's hilarious. Okay. English with those, you know, with those funny characters and, uh, right? It's just hilarious. What was crazy? Gweedos. Okay. Thanks a lot. Thank you. You're welcome. Are we there? 560, 750, 160. Pond 560. You may have listed for 5,000. I will be broke by the time I get through with his hobby. It's a hobby, you know? Right. I just never laid in life either side of this was my hobby. I was never in a watching all that many movies just sitting around. But I have, I just enjoyed it because I will say this. Danny Darko, the enemy was disappointing. The rest of it was fine. I enjoyed it. Ending killed it. But all of these other ones that I'm watching here these last few weeks, I'm loving them. Right. They just keep getting better and better and I realize how much stuff that I missed. It's really good. Because the problem is when you open up the newspaper and you see what's playing at the Senateplex, you know, the odds are that you're going to go and see something that's really disappointing for a long time. That's right. It's grind out crap. But when you can go to your movie store and pick out the DVDs when people are saying, hey, here are some really fantastic classics. Right. And you can spend your time doing that. Then you say, all right, then you're doing something useful that you enjoy. As opposed to watching a pile of crap for an hour and a half. There's little else that gets better. And then not to mention, of course, are Easter eggs, which I did figure out in the mental thing yesterday. It's very simple. Yeah, I'm just printed out that page from the Easter egg website. And the like two or three steps, that's all you're doing. And then we'll be placing chronological order, which I didn't watch the whole thing again. But I do have that down with science, piece of cake. Unless you got a Toshiva DVD player, in which case you're F. You're screwed. Really? Yeah, it doesn't work. Huh. It does, uh, it does do some things, but then it doesn't play the whole thing. Right. It does, uh, whatever. I don't like Toshiva anyway. Yeah, screw them. Here's a call from Tamara, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Hi, I'm Blocke. I was calling regards to this thing with Hillary's book. Yes. And the one thing that I noticed is that the right part of the conservatives are loving the fact that this book is coming out for probably the biggest reason is that Bush is under going to be under a lot of scrutiny, regardless of these weapons and mass structures. I think, let the biggest controversy probably since I ran contra. Yeah, I get about penis cake and everything else. Right, oh yeah, I'm with it. Uh-huh. But it's just it's amazing to me that the lead story when you watch all these news, all these talk shows and all these think tanks is Hillary's book. And when or when she knew whether or not Bill was fooling around the nurse, who really gives a crap. I don't know. How's that in a wife? All right, I have no idea. I have no idea why I have this book sitting in front of me. Why I went on both as I'm as smuck. But if I go, it goes to show you if somebody hides something and plus the fact that I'm doing the show and I figure while somebody's going to be calling about it, I better have it. You know, but I can't wait to see the bite is broke. It's a look and how she looks at things, but you know, then I don't give a quote how she looks at things. I couldn't care less. Exactly. And I can't wait for the the bit with Eisner for the docs. What do you think is going to come with? I guarantee you. Oh, I swear. He's pissed off and fired up. All right, no. I would say a lot, Pal. You two. Yeah, it's kind of sad. They didn't really. I mean, the first period was competitive last night. It was a more wide open than I ever dreamed it was going to be. I thought Jersey would do a complete coma thing, which they didn't. But you know, once they got ahead and then especially once it was to nothing, you could go watch Danny Darko a few times. Even George didn't watch the third period. Yeah, I got her. She's looking right back at me. Hillary, where there she is, looking to be right in the post. And I'm looking her into face. I'm thinking, you so he asked bitch, what do you got? What was your story? What does she bring? You know, like, for else I would say, come on, bring it, bring it. Well, what does she bring in? She's showing, bringing that up to you. She bring that post. Yeah, oh, no, she ain't bringing that. She's keeping that home in storage in a box. And American story. Can I read the first sentence? All right. I wasn't born a first lady or a senator. Period. That's it. See, now that wasn't so bad. No, it was awful. 44 bucks can any, eh? Oh, I should, I should go out on the street to Zabno and the hand is out to some homeless bastard. Maybe he can take it back and get a reevalent. Take it. And that's true. Who knows that bitch? No, they had piles of these at the bookstore. I mean, he were like piled hand. And then there was no like a big line of people running to buy him. Do you think that anybody in Canada gives a flying crap about Hilary Rotten, Clinton? And they like Bubba. But I guess maybe they were in touch enough to separate the two to realize that she wasn't the president and probably never going to be. Do you really think that she could win? No, no. Colour made a good point. She didn't want to get on the air. So, but is there anything that would be stopping her from making Bubba, her vice president? And if he kills her? That was a good point. Well, the good point. The thing about Bubba. She's going to get elected. She'll make Bubba the vice president. And then he's going to kill her so we can get in further. He can't do that. I don't think. I don't think he can be elected again. Well, he'll be the legal department on that and check that out. Okay. So, you know, now we talk. I said something good about it before. Now he's doing his own talk show off. And I worked about passing along the college material. Oh, thank God for Eric, man. And I never thought I'd say that again. Did I really say that? 1214 at 5.60W to kill if your carpets look in smell and feel like they've had a real workout. In other words, not so great. Here's the answer for you. One simple call to my good friends at Dala Mantras. At Dala Mantras. Did I say that? Yeah, that's what you said. At Dala Mantras. No, give me the number for drug concepts. Why should I go to show my mind is just... Yeah. 1,800, 2,4,8,5,7,1 for drug concepts. I've been using my home for over 22 years and you should be doing it too. Because they're the best in the business of what they do. I mean, Dala Mantras is great at what they do, but they don't clean your carpets. Drug concepts do do that. They dry clean them and they make them look and feel and smell just like brand new. They suck out the deep down dirt way down into fibers of your carpet. They give your written guaranteed price before they start the job and they'll perform a miracle on your floor. Nobody does it better. So if you're cromping your drips, your expensive area, your rugs and ore and rugs, your poultry, your leather furniture, dry concepts are the people you want to be calling. If you have problem with pet otters or milledew otters caused by water damage again, they'll perform that miracle and make them all be just like brand new. Call them today. Do yourself a favor. You're loved away. They do business with you. Dry concepts. 1,800, 2,4,8,5,0,7,1. A log onto their website at dryconcephs.com. And don't forget when you call dry concepts, you really can clean today and entertain. 2,9,5,5, and local. This is Fort Radio Visec. 2,8,2,8,5. Oh, what the hell are you doing to me? What do you mean, sir? Why am I reading in the paper? You're going to put a Disney theme park in Brooklyn? Well, sir, we're just scouting locations. Jesus, I'm scouting CEOs. You are killing me. But sir, we're going to done with New York City Times Square. Fort Radio Visec and Street. Hey, Mom. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Pull off the vacuum plan and rain us. Get the blue burn, all of you here. Okay, boss. I thought sir, look what we've done. We made down Manhattan 42nd Street is incredible. I want publicly. I support it that. But you took all the plans away. You're telling me. I'm going through a game of scumbling kids. We're just scouting areas calm down. Let's see if we need much money. Don't tell me to calm down. We have lucky with Lee Lowen State, $128 million. Now you're trying to rule him a whole minute work. We're gonna put a program on you running. I'm in my way. Hang on a minute. To be you, though. Three months, yeah. You got full bird crap all over your shoulder. It's way in your cell, but for heaven's sake. And can't open up your plan. Look, people. Good God. Sir, the network is fine. Why couldn't you come up with American Idol? Good God, you're still running James Bond movie. There's 60 years old. Why don't you just put steam, but willing, I ought to be done with it. Please, though, I'd make a couple of damn dollars. Well, the movie division's fine. You mentioned we were in stitch and now we have the new M. Night Chummelon movie coming out later this summer. Oh, I don't know. Signs. What the hell does that mean? Stop sign, Neil. Sign. You're gonna fetch Wayne in some of these titles past me. Please. Remus. Remus? Remus? Get him. I know you can hear me. Remus? You're still running a firecracker. Yes, I'm not going to run the firecracker. You're still running a firecracker. Remus, take that blue firecracker. All right. Is it? Yes, sir. I'd be very careful. The next time I started my car, why were you? What do you mean, sir? I'm not done with you. What? I've done. I've done. I'm in your job, but sir, I'm here terrible. Absorbed. They didn't have one limit in there. I didn't like any plays within a Disney rematch. Oh, my. What a wonderful day. Get out of here, you nut bag. Let me feel you on a 95, let me feel you. 221 at 5.60 and W2QA, I am. They don't give a crap about Hillary. Although I did just open up to a page. You know, have you ever done that? Yeah. Just open up to a page in a book they haven't read yet. And on page 263 she talks about the fact that She talks about the fact that, um, let's see, the news we got her called curbed the orphanages to be put the atmosphere grew strained your after Gingrich's mother thinking she was speaking off the record talks, Connie Chung, and it televised interview that her son regularly referred to me as a bitch. But we already knew that. Yeah. In fact, I remember talking about that on the air at the time, and, and she decided we know the latest round of bluster and tried different tack with Gingrich. She said a handwritten note inviting him in his family on a tour of the White House. A few weeks later, Gingrich has then wiped Mary Anne, his sister Susan and his mother joined me for the tour, apart from the fact that it happened at all, the visit wasn't memorable, say for one brief exchange of where we were having tea in the red room. Looking around at the period furniture, Gingrich began pontificating about American history, his wife soon interrupted him. You know, he'll go on and on whether he knows what he's talking about or not, Mary Anne said, Gingrich's mother quickly jumped to his defense. Nudi is a historian, she said, Nudi always knows what he's talking about. And that great, Nudi. Nudi. I thought Nudi's a little fruity. And maybe doing a little toodie. You never know. Hypocrotic Alasso. Look at the way he wager off the hook, kind of Mary Anne, by the way with the wife who died a cancer in the hospital. While he was out screwing around and then came for her to sound at the horse papers, while she was on her deathbed. All these right wing assholes, man, all the hypocrites, so little time. What happened when I preached to her? Did we get that on our website today? Bono. Which priest are you? The Toronto priest. Did you send it to me the stories? Yes, I did. Here it is. It was number 15 on your list on a hip rate. So it's going to be one of the last ones up. Are you having put them all on you? That's what happens when you show up at 955 and you're standing outside. And it's puffin' on a bag at out there to guide them. Parking lot when you should be in their work in your ass off. Now you know why you didn't get paid today? He's going to beat me up. He says. That shouldn't take you. You were talking about that before the show started. What's that? About the cigarettes. Yeah. Well, let's see. You take a crap. You take, you spend more time taking crap than I suppose. This is what he says. I'm never late for the show. He takes crap in the middle of his, he's there like 7.30 in a morning, 2.5 hours before the show. And I eat it. He doesn't come waddling in like 2 minutes before because he'd been hanging out in a parking lot puffin' on a goddamn bunch of Winston tastes good like a faggot should. He just had it to walk by the camera when I was walking in with a cigarette in my hand. Are you smoking a towel? Are you smoking a towel right away? No. Marble. I didn't see you. I'll be a Marble. Oh, he's the worst. Yeah. He's smoking Marble. I don't worry about him. He'll be dead pretty soon. Pretty sure. Marbleers are bad and regular coke. I just read a thing about that over the weekend. I read this in crap about which cigarettes are like really the worst in the continued and just going to kid you like real nasty and painful to got rat urine. And elderly Roman Catholic priest will face 26 sex related charges when he appears in a cape bread and a courtroom this month. This is antigenish Nova Scotia. You ever been there? She had a right. I don't think anybody is. Three of the charges against Hugh Vincent McDonald 80 have been transferred to my antigenish from there to Sydney, a parent court you 19. And the charges go back to the 50s and 60s, 23 other charges when he was serving the empersia in a new waterford in Sydney and yada yada yada yada yada yada. And the first allegations would make against him sexual abuse and a suicide note of David Martin a 39 year old BC contractor killed himself April 2002. Thanks gone father. Thanks gone pots. Love his comeback. 567.0560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. 101 people say Hillary's an opportunist. I don't see small potatoes on there. Do you? No. No. Didn't I suggest that was another great category for Hillary was small potatoes. I think that's perfect. I sent it up to. Well he didn't put it on there. Okay. So the two of you are spitting again. 269 votes. What's your best description of Hillary Clinton? Opportunist 104. Ice Princess 42. Brilliant 35. Copied bag 28. The devil 26. Just like Tommy Matalia, the devil. She's not George W. 23. A lightweight 14 and squishy 3. So our category is that we voted for him in the last and next to last. Because I voted for lightweight and you said squishy. Yeah. Oh, god. I got to turn the book over on the back. Oh, look at that. It's even worse. It's got a bunch of pictures of her under. But at least there's smaller pictures. Not like the big one where she's like staring right at you. Coach, you hate pictures like that. Yeah. Like the one we used to have at WKAT, Frank Katzentime, the founder of the station, huge picture on a wall in that big old studio. Well, that gigantic grand piano and the eyes, I used to swear that the eyes on that picture moved. Use the follow your ass right around the room. One good piece of news about that though, about Frank Katzentime. He died? Oh, yeah, long before them. And you call us. She's that too. She's pushing up daisies. You know what? A man's considering a hair replacement as grids, concerned as how natural it looks. I can't know the people tell things like that. But another one of these people tries to rat for it. No wonder. You can always spot a bad hair system, but how many good ones go unnoticed because you think it's the real thing. Chuck Alphiore's designed and supplied hair systems to show business celebrities for more than 35 years and is appear to like as a guest on Good Morning America, that the day show CBS Morning News introducing his patented natural hairline system because it's the most amazing one in the world at an unbeatable price. Right now Chuck Alphiore is offering his summer special hair system for only 549 bucks for first time customers and service and repair on all types of hair systems, including shampoo and trim for only 50 bucks. Where can you get trim for 50 bucks? I'll tell you. Charles Alphiore is guaranteed to try. Oh, that's seriously. Try. So, I've been got to be every do this again. I'm going to take those naked pictures and send them to the hairline to Sun Sentinel. Try my, try my his hair system. This is the worst piece of swirl I have ever seen in my life as an excuse. If you've got it, there are copies of this. Somewhere under something. Systems, S-Y-T-M-E-S and then that's one of the best lines in this thing. Anyway, try for 30 days if you don't love the way Wilson feels and smells, return it for a full refund or just get all your hair chopped off like Troy Strattler, make sure they don't take the brain out this time. Jesus Christ, Troy, brains, root dangerous, you'd be as safe as home plate. Take Alphiore, the benchmark of the herendous brick and Alphi out. So forget about those mouthy-looking ways like Moe is got on his head. Forget about holes in your head and dangerous pills. Get yourself a great look and head and hair and look younger and better than you ever dreamed again, which took Alphiore. Call him tool free and tell the trestrand for the puss by the way. 1-800-3-2-1-24-13. When you look at Troy, the first thing you think is what they'll what he know about here. 1-800-3-2-1-24-13, or log out of Charlie's World Famous website, CharlesAlphiore.com. 5-800-4-15-15-16-13. 3-800-14-13-13-13-13-13-13-13-13-13-13-13-13-13-13-13-13-13. We have already taken drugs. This morning we do have a lot. We need more. And that's what this meeting and these announcements are about. We need to ask also. Why aren't we doing drugs with other drugs? I remember more than 30 years ago, I was exposed to some of the greatest drugs in the country. first hand from 30 years in my own behalf and watching experts. So I hope that all of us will see this as a beginning and that we will be even more committed to drugs. Thank you all very much I don't see small potatoes on it. Pull. I'm starting to get really pissed off and fired up. You know I'll give him a call Give him a call. What are you doing? Okay, interrupt some of his branches and lunches and other feedings. Okay, I mean how long would it take to put small potatoes on there? In fact, you probably shouldn't call a mention small potatoes because we mentioned potatoes. See what I'm saying? Yeah, where you go to be like a sublible suggestion See those people who say they don't like a lot of these movies. We've talked about working for Dream and Mac Nodio and a whole bunch of these other ones Momento every time I hear that you when I think I think I don't eat at McDonald's that's the first thing that comes to my mind I mean when your opinion agrees with the masses then you know your opinion sucks your taste is in your Tush 560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line Here's Miami. Hello Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? Great I have to say I'm in I'm in the call the time I'm in sales and every time I hear that I hear that I hear that I hear that I'm with drive off the road Really? They are the funniest stuff you can just see Mickey just chew it on on I like that I hear On his nerve right Listen with sorted lives the one got called earlier right in face your funny He's right at his gate the whole thing is gay and it's got some funny parts in it But it's half the time if like what am I watching this for you'll you like it's just a rainy afternoon In other words when it's the last possible thing you could do After you put the last seat out of your butt Is there like all of the above that one to check no no That might be a thought too because she seems to fit all those different description that is couldn't get over that Okay, they're laughing Go ahead You see this thing about the gay bishop and you have to put your physical church Yes, we did we hit that on our website this weekend right I Like what the cat said this week I want to be known as the vision to it's gay not the gay bishop. He said he was the first gay bishop since Anne is what he said have a great day See you around you know I'm looking at these pictures on a back of these swelry book and I don't I hate to say this well I don't hate to say because it's the truth I said it before But I'll see it again Chelsea Clinton could be the ugliest woman in the history of the human race Now the hair you do understand because we've talked about this before that they hair the whole frizzy hair thing She got that from mommy Cuz any upper left hand corner of the back cover is a picture of Bill and in fact bills hair was like that too that frizzy kind of I don't know how you describe that then frizzy but back when he and Hillary were first dating And she first got a look at that crooked twisted purple penis Both of their hair was like that frizzy do you know But then you and then in fact is a picture in the upper right hand corner of Bill with a beard and a really look like a hippie Must've been back when he was not in a hill and it would like checking it out and then she all if you could see this picture of Hillary I mean There are no words to describe you must see this When you go into a bookstreet, don't buy the book of course, but you gotta take a look at this picture on the back cover geek. She is an absolute geek geek With glasses and a squinty look and with the long Nasty hair she is a geek but anyway, and then of course there is a whole bunch of pictures with them with the Chelsea on here So Chelsea started to do that mommy and daddy do and She just stuck with it and I'm thinking of myself. Well, if she did something better with her hair, would she look any better? No, no She is downright Grusom looking and then I think back a couple of years ago back when he was still in the office And she was a date in that the kid with all the money remember that yeah Actually wasn't all that bad looking especially for her but anyway in the the tabloids writing about sex pot Hillary I mean Chelsea sex pot Chelsea Scary in it Yeah Fives I bet you even clearance wouldn't touch that you know even somebody as desperate as clearance would not touch Chelsea. Oh Walker in front of them Here's North Miami Beach, hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. Hold on. You're on speed. Let me in here What do you know what you say? How you doing? Hey pretty good man If you think they want to talk to you about Let's start with movies have you seen I mentioned it a few weeks back Oh Yeah, keep them the background. That's nice. I am Sam No, okay. I don't know if you like retard movies, but it's a very good movie. No, I really don't a brain man was good I mean that's a terrible term a retard movie. No, I mean like Tom Hanks No, no, but I am Sam is actually very very very very good. I recommend it Another movie love the lower compassion which is an Alexander heavy-skilling no It's actually pretty good. It's a fagging we didn't know I would get all these fag movies called in here man. I don't want to see I mean tell them Mr Ripley was fagging enough And then what they rules of attraction at more than enough factory in it What's got the best parts you got drug movies you got fag movies that's the That's pretty much it you're right. Yeah, you know what I'm saying and then you got like crime and violent movies with a lot of Shootin and crap special effects Yeah, well check out the lower compassion this now is Anderson and I I watched it a while back because you didn't I thought it was really funny But it's that he plays this queen and there's a lot of gratuitous man Illidity I couldn't finish watching because it was too much you man. Oh, I might like it. Yeah, you might I'm another thing I want to complain about Tom's ass And if you out there thinking of getting crap cast don't do it. It's the worst the absolute worst garbage It's it's just terrible Okay, I'm another thing the most of the things right thought Very funny very very good And the masterpiece It's a masterpiece. It really is you know for a while I've been thinking it's a whole thing between you guys and moe It's just the thicker you guys really hate him like poison and You know three times when I went over to Treasure Island I've they had a picture of moe and the things that George and Benerport were doing to that poor picture of moe Yeah, it's it's It's definitely clear that Yeah, they don't be like in him. I can't imagine they could have done it's just like with Chelsea I can't imagine anything they could do to a picture of either one of them that could make it look any worse Let's the holy applaud you losing this Okay You're out You're going to eat breakfast Oh What was that what was said before about suck on that sweet crack? I like that was you guys talking about that story in the essence of suck on that sweet crack quite down Sweet Wow Dream Chris from bulk of facts is over 90% of people pulled on the Fox News website Believe that Iraq had a weapons a master's profession program and that evidence will be found As Neal says what's appointed trying to convince you American people of anything? They're just as dumb as dirt and more than willing to be manipulated by their leaders It's just one listing they need to do every day namely think for themselves the party is taking care of all that for them Resisting mine control is unpatriotic breed work prey and goose step says Chris from bulk of who is Prorin shhether why wonder wonder when do do why oh we drop the bomb of love For a little Alef is lake our now a stop Let's thank the boy for making gas cheaper at the pump Why wonder wonder when do do why we drop the bomb of love First you bring wash the public you love bush like a guy And you hide back with your s for all your work everybody's who get anything you want you conquer them and tell them give theocracy a chance and you feel it genuine wonder for oil water and natural gas Oh, I wonder wonder Do you know why we drop the bomb of love What a beauty baby They did it's up our long We sure show them a thing or two I could read right around Wonder wonder wonder Do do I'm dying I'm here Oh 45 at 560 WQM here's the list must see movies. No, did you peruse this before you fast into he he yeah because I've always talked about batting almost 100 they got one the abyss Which had a row from that it's a science fiction movie. It's okay. It's really long How long what is actually the better one? Yeah, I mean it's okay, but let me tell you from a lot of experience the long one is not necessarily always the better one The devil's advocate Al Pacino never saw it. I heard it sucked good scenes That's right really overall. It's not a great movie, but it's got good scenes like the scene There's a scene at the end where you've seen it. Yeah, the devil's talking to a kiyado and it's an incredible speech I was the devil played by how the reclitten in that yeah Let's see the devil's daughter the devil's brother Your mama the devil's advocate he rated two mama time be a time being devil's advocate two and a half a bones Forget the actors this film begins belongs to cinematographer Artoyac and production designer Bruno Rubio He'll operate a lush rich look that's very enticing Okay, and it reaves is in it Yeah, what the problems I see I know it's you know relic is his show a role reaves his earnest and the visual effects Pretty pride some much needed jewels based on level by Andrew Neeterman All wait break down Kurt Russell Never saw it. Oh, the Kurt Russell's one of my least favorite people saving prior Ryan Tom Hanks. Yeah, one of my very Weaver people for second run Mel Gibson one of my very very very Animated movie and the bad one at that well, but I want to see that you wouldn't this is must see movie Yeah, and then red corner with Richard back home here. Oh, I don't think so So saving private line was very very good. It's really even with Tom Hanks even After he started taking himself seriously that was he ended him for me because he I don't I can't take Well, he makes me nauseous. He doesn't hurt the movie at all really Saving per line. Oh, I had a review so I might look it up here in his gigantic book that I've got All look at a set of a woman two and a half phones. I like this book see everybody else raved around it. This is out of four Set of women suck. I wouldn't I wouldn't give it on my bone for that movie. I'll tell you Yeah, piece of crap Cent of a woman based on level by Giovanni R. Pino Wait a minute. Is that is that the one oh? No, see that's the original one. I gave the one without but you know three bones. Oh I hate this book. I'm taking it back. What am I looking up with Tom Hanks saving private line? Yes, here's the satanic rights of Dracula two bones. Oh And beener boy. I should point out here the original Dracula with a bella la goci the 1932 version as three bones Right and one that you've been hyping what does it call bronze stograms Graham stochers Dracula Two two bones. Oh, that's okay. You're you're a bone short Gary old old dumb is the one that made that movie old man old man old man I'm just laying out. I'm just gonna senior look the two of you fight it out. What am I looking for saving private Rhino savage island savage weekend save the tiger saving private Jessica saving silverman Saving the lady See where the hell is it there's so much saving going on here that everybody ought to be rich by now. I don't see oh here it is four bones saving Ryan's four bones. Yeah Okay, I guess I'll have to get it huh. What's it about? War world war two D day. I'm not watching it. It's good five six seven. Oh five sixty. I've seen enough for movies for one lifetime Okay, that's why I don't want to see anymore holocaust movies. I don't want to see no more WWW to two movies I don't want to see more of that crap Okay, got it So you should see that Yeah, what saving private Ryan why's that that's good Really good Town five sixty on the AT&T well first of all I got about a half a dozen here that I haven't seen yet including train spotting Which from what you're telling me I gotta see train spotting right after the show Right I love to see it again. It was a long time ago, and I was really bad And equilibrium I'm not really good at that That review we got to have the watch that one with the the a gun movie that the Vener Boy talk me into getting what's that go We have begun and I had a way to go and haven't seen it. Okay, moving right along here's a call from Tallahassee hello Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. What's up? I got a cold movie. I got to see one is a bigalbap What is it a bigalbap key by the Cohen brothers? Yeah The bargo real funny movie And another couple movies by the guy named wet Anderson one of them is called Royal Patabomb With Gene Hacksman and yeah, somebody mentioned that I got it on my list. Oh, yeah, you got to see that and another older one of it He did it called bottle rocket. I just seen that a couple weeks ago. I thought it was hilarious Well, okay All right, thanks thanks Okay, I got a growing list here. It's gonna cost me about $50 million to buy all these goddamn movies, but I don't care when you got the big bus You got to put out their any economy The best with all this crap going on here now the bigalbapowski You might want to put that towards the end of the list. Oh, why is that very strange but not that necessarily in a good way It's it looks like they did it just for the visuals Very very strange that I asked it movie oh an acid movie. Yeah, is there air there any movies without drugs Facts Guns all of these things. There any movie that's ever been made lately unless there is without them Let's see magnolia. Well, yeah, we had the that was a great scene Henry Gibson And the bar see you know to appreciate as much as I did it was hysterical. It was great. It was sensational Where the whiskey is trying to let come out of the bar ten quiz quit our the quiz kid What we used to call the whiskey, but you're right. He was the quiz kid And if he could just if he could just get those goddamn braces, you know if I think I would do it for me It would be like Chelsea. I think she already had braces. Yes, she did it help. Oh, no, she still is ugly is There's a picture her in his swelry book I might as well get some use out of this thing There's many pictures, but there's one page three anybody else that bought a 371 the pictures that are in the book There's two sections of pictures the ones that are back there including the one in the T room with Madeline all bright and the Hillary Clinton Evelyn by the way, he's got bring around the color and bring around the eyes Well, she looks nasty, but anyway on a bottom right-hand corner picture number 71 There's a picture of swelry whose laughter has had something he must have just seen those pictures of Bubba's penis and there is Chelsea standing in front of her And I'm gonna tell you that picture right there says it all I mean, hold it up so we can say Oh, wow Oh my god wow She is not of this world Chelsea Clinton. I'll tell you that right now as much as I like Bubba But this is daughter of his I don't know what it's all about Here's a call from dear field Beach, hello Yes, right on right on the train spot it's very goofy. I got in my hand right now and the other thing It looks like this kid on the camera sweating up a storm here It's a good instant acid movie, though George. All right Harrowing Harrowing All same stuff Make you pardon Peter sellers Yeah, I love Peter sellers The movie called the party you definitely have to see it. It's been got there for me. Never heard of it. I think I saw it like a hundred years ago Yeah, it's really really fun. Okay, that's all Got a pali 560505060 so this is not about those drug movies transporting already knew that because in a back it says the motion picture sensation That wild critics and audiences nationwide transporting delivers a wild mix of rebellious action and wicked humor The story of four friends is they try to make it the world on their own terms and who end up planning the ultimate scam powered by an outstanding cancer rising young stars including Emma's UN McGregor and high energy soundtrack transporting his spectacitor ground breaking entertainment Because that's what it says on the sleeve. Oh the soundtrack is amazing is it? Yeah, yeah Or if you're so stone idea mine how to have you remember? All right, remember that it's amazing the few things that I do remember the crazy details and One thing speaking to remember. Don't forget to put all those additional movies that I've facts to George this morning for my list since you've got me a day late in 60 movie short Since you guys concerted behind my back to put that thing on there and left me a hanging hold on the sack George made me like that would be the first time 567. Oh 560 I said you see what George brought you in there for you. Do understand this not answer George brought you in to be his quizling right Because you both speak the same line. Would you both got off the banana boat? You know And the suit you're supposed to be his quizling he would shield His scapegoat so the fact that you know you you've got her that website thing and just transcended his wildest dreams This obviously is irritating which is why he never fails to remind us that the rest of the building it hates you for that See just clean and also a mess with your time sheets We didn't get paid today 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and For once a while a smile I think I'm gonna watch some frogs and toads fall on the sky to step in Just gonna sit on my balcony Look up in the sky wish for that toad to fall That's not too far off from when those first two fall on his body I don't want to spoil the scene, but there is a and just making difference even watching over and over again in Magnolia and when I'm frogs it wow You just don't write up out of your seat Here's a call from Pinecrest hello Hey, don't sir. Hey, you guys just here. We're talking about the Occadent I What hot out from New Zealand oh George was talking about that with his buddy there the Danny guy Danny Danny I Would be rugby fan I got a couple videos Really the hot could go and on before the game starts really Yeah, if you wanted to check that out Neil can put you on hold Okay, hold on I put it my hold. I'll go out here anyway. Oh, and that's right up there with me with the orange champion. Oh, you know what? Let's see a Jimmy says you should add a thorn and a Republican side your list to the hell-relist. How do we get small potatoes on there? Yeah, small potatoes already's got four. See I knew that would go over big does that what Hammond Ross said that she was small potatoes Something like that. It says it drove them nuts when she came up with an answer to the healthcare crisis in 93 Republicans were so outraged at the weather president the baby But kind of caught earlier that hate summary because his insurance is so high is they blizzard We need it who should be taken out the Everglades and professionally beaten for plan was shot down because it stepped on too many corporate toes namely pharmaceutical nature of companies have it had passed that smugma eating jerk wouldn't have to worry about both here It caused any of the what anybody else living in the US, but it didn't pass See that's a point and she just dropped it there and I was in of it Then they laughed and said she'd get no votes when she ran for the Senate and they really got pissed when she won with 64% of the vote And then it says here look at us at the end. You know what it says on the bottom of this facts it says Yeah, I did like that. They're scared crack. Well, I would agree with them about that. She's scared then she's scary Not as scary looking as you're daughter, but she's very scary Wouldn't you not agree? Oh, absolutely I think that's a rare opportunity very very nervous about her worry because she's you know Just when you count around remember the Senate thing right and a little a goofball that what was his name last Lazarus yeah, but he was a little nebish anyway. Yeah, but boy, I tell you they thought that anybody could knock her off Well, you know a lot of people hate her and women don't like her too much and by and then all the sudden She course defected girl one New York about 95% that didn't hurt Hey, I'm proud you know Russian laden and I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla as with soap made from juice at listening to them You're okay, I'm gonna use the hour we I know from house to house and under the roof You barely think the spin of all those white house buds If you still need convincing to me, I told you I didn't For the dead don't you lie in front Oh, baby, baby But he farts at you Do no touch and keep looking For proof of all the new cheeky away Yeah, yeah, yeah But you know, they hate on a bandage Hey, never had the money Three, seven cases of monkey pots Oh, I'm just messing that and passing Now what is that? Is it the a Prairie dog? Is that what they said? Is it a sprint? Right Well, you don't see no Prairie dogs in Florida, do you? No, our medillars You've got no Prairie, that's got to be possible We've got lots of possums Oh, watch out for that possum pots And I think the worst one that's coming out here next year is Coonpocks Big Al says a my pick for mussey movies is glad a year with Russell Crow I A Troschews All the way to have that, is it really? Yeah I think by the name of the Troschews, but I think it was great Glad a year Now what's the reason for Russell Crow? It was being a boy that talked me into watching and to go by and watch the year I have so many to still to watch Right, a beautiful mind which has got reviews I think it's got about 80 boys and that book I give it a third of it Damn good, because I'm not a big Russell Crow fan He just added a There's just a certain handful of these actors about five or six of them Tom Hanks Russell Crow, Mel Gibson Oh, you know who's pretty good? I give up In the movie, Donnie Darko is Patrick Swazley Oh, yeah, he bugs me Because he plays a real asshole He didn't know that And I'm thinking, you don't have to act too much And if I wanted to review this, I read online about Donnie Darko That's exactly what the person said is that Patrick Swazley He grabs them right out of the theater But in this particular case, he was per herk for the part And did a good job, what she did And it was a fine movie, except for the last five or ten minutes Why do they do that to you? It was riveting and kept your attention He acting was fine and I'll say it again Do very more was excellent She was very good, not a big part, but she was excellent And another one of these goofball fathers It was kind of like a more serious show the father in American pie Right, kind of along those lines Like when the kid told the teacher the principal to stick it up his ass or whatever And he like blurted, he just blurted out laughing But kind of dad that a lot of people would like to have, you know? So if you have a good dad, it's father's day to Sunday Go out and get him a million bucks, you do something nice Because there are so few of them around you Most fathers are assholes I don't know why that is Although my father's dad Yeah Alright Ninety Liftole 90 though, I'll tell you that was really something And on the fifth of July, my mother's speaking to my mother who will be I don't want to say 90 because that would be bad See why would she care about my talking about her age on here When you get to a certain point what their friends does it make ought to be proud Right, now guess what she's back on that she used as a girl I was very effective for and she's taken it again I would like the whole world to know that she's taken Exlac Oh That's great I feel much better now That is her number one hobby and pastime and obsession is bowel movements Don't you know that? Gotta have something Now speaking of bowel movements, there's a scene in What you haven't seen it yet Rules of attraction Okay, there's a scene in that movie when James Vanderbick is sitting on the can And I don't want to watch it again because he does some strange things And reaches back I don't know that I really ever saw him pull any Don't go there No, that's what I'm saying It's a very disgusting bizarre scene I don't look at it again because I'm a huh? Yeah Neither one of you have seen him movie yet So no comment You might want to like Fast forward through that Hearing me you're scaring me away from seeing Because he reaches back and I don't ever see him like pull any paper off of that role You know? Yeah, we know he's doing the number Oh But it's kind of like he I don't know I don't know when he's second for it Maybe he's checking for like maybe like Joan Crawford did And mommy dearest he was second for hangers Dingleberries hangers Clingons We got a lot of those lot of hangers on of QAM Here's a call for my any hello Hello Yes, man Hi Well, first of all about rules of attraction Right I think the movie would have been a lot better If in summerhalter would have lost the pillow in that scene Where he's in the room with James Vanderbick Ha ha ha Yeah, I agree with that Lose the pillow Oh yeah, that was great Couple of things first of all Did you know that Russell Crowe was in a Fag movie? No Yes, called the sum of us F-U-M It's an Australian movie I think it might have been his first movie I'll be damned Now Somebody called before and I wasn't going to call But when he said love the lower compassion I literally drove off the road It's love Valor compassions Oh Well, he's the little host He didn't do too good in school, you know? Not even closed Okay, you know, give it to me So, the lower way to me Don't just brush on by Because these guys haven't seen rules of attraction yet What's your take? What would you give it? Uh, well, the first time I saw that I thought it was a waste of a good two hours Really? And then I went back and saw it again And I could look at the insomber holder The whole movie And not focus on anything else Ha ha ha So, the eyes just kill me Yeah You ever see somebody in a role And no matter what role you ever see them in After that They're always the same Oh, actually, yeah, call A lot of people You ever see a movie called The Adventures of Priscilla Queen of the Desert No Historical Australian Drag Queen movie Now, picture this Current stamp as a transsexual Oh, I didn't see that, I saw that Okay, the two other Drag Queen's Are Hugo Weaving Who's in the Matrix Right And Guy Pierce Who's in the Memento Right, that was a girl movie No, no, no, no, no, no, no Whatever, you go weaving in I always see the headdress Uh-huh I can't see him If anything else Except a drag queen on top of the bus With the headdress on Mm-hmm It's going to be really tragic Couple of other things Because I know I don't have long I just pour Ian better care They pull around with them all the time now Yeah Snatch the movie Yes Is it sterable? Absolutely I guess I better put that down If nothing else The scene in the Gypsy Camp When they have the fight Is the Gypsy their knuckle boxers What Brad Pitt plays You can't understand a word that he's Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Do you know that there's a little bit of a Exactly Every exactly perfect And I hate to say this Because I hate the woman like poison Yeah, but according to all the Human Rights Campaign Literature that I've been sent Do we enter Rolf Latelyn And has a wonderful record on gay issues Oh Oh Thank you, sick to your side Oh Oh That's how it changes anything for me Right I still hate the woman Me too Have a great day I see how to eat and okay Oh, yeah, wait till you see that scene there There's a lot of thumping in the yankin And what? Who's the younger thing? I got to that part What? I thought you didn't see rules of the drag I thought you didn't see rules of the drag I thought you didn't see rules of the drag Remember and then as something came up and never came on again Yes, something came up out of the pillow too Evidently, which is what got him got And then his good buddy who he liked a lot Dick That dance on the, I don't want to go in I know I'm a spoiled old friend How's that pull coming with poor Hillary? I'm still wondering what James Vanderbick was doing on a can See, I wish I wouldn't have brought that up Yummy to Let me just put it this way It wasn't the ordinary activities you'd be doing After tidying up your eye was something Anyway, which of these do you think best describes Hillary Clinton We're asking for Hillary, although she beat If you tuned in late, we took a preliminary fold on the first hour Which we sometimes do She beat George W. Bush 71 to 29% Oh, I like that If they were running head to head nose to nose today Any election right now 395 votes Hillary and opportunists 134 Ice princess 60 Brilliant 59 She's not George W. 41 The Devil 38 Carpet Bag 33 Lightweight 16 Small potatoes nine See, I told you if that would have been on the beginning Would have like triple digits And squishy only five only five considered to be squishy I would say Chelsea is squishy Oh, you don't want to hook it with a stick Am I right about hers that just me? Maybe it's not I don't know anybody that thinks that any of you She is not just, I mean, a lot of us are ugly I'm ugly, you know, certain people are all in that place I don't want to mention being a boy But she is really, I mean, a leak of her own So let's see, I got snatched down I shouldn't have said that's so close to Hillary And I got snatched on my list And what was the other one I'm supposed to see that Not on this list. Usual suspects Yeah, right? Yes Talk about ending Okay, good and very good Good Because I'll say, and I also have an have one call to the to refute Donnie Durko Excellent flick up till the last ten minutes And then just, and unlike Magnolia or anything else The ending in this particular case just Absolutely was devastating, just destroyed It just any odd a canane But this whole deal now, when I started talking about this before With movies like Backward, you know, going backwards Like the momentum thing and and of course the credits rolling backward It's, isn't it kind of like obvious when somebody's ripping somebody else off It's not really their idea Yeah Oh Kind of like when cashed over uses one of our things Yeah, one thirteen at five sixty WKU, you know Barbecue's Galores got an exceptional and unbeatable selection of grills And it's really fine in their stores because nobody else has got them This way, check out their incredible deal on the three burner Barbecue's chef It's a Barbecue's Galore exclusive and it's only 199 bucks With 42,000 BTUs, a 625 square inch cooking area And a built-in hut thermometer you just can't beat this deal with a stick For a liquid propane grill And for our traditionalist out there, check out their new beef master charcoal grill Another Barbecue's Galore exclusive, this one's only 199 bucks But more than 600 square inches of cooking space, cast iron cooking grills and adjustable fire grate And a full with ash catcher both these grills will make a perfect gift for five days too And speaking of five days, they're Barbecue's got great gift ideas for that And all price ranges many of them for under fifty bucks for use sluppers Out there like George and Bener Boy Barbecue's the Lord carries the biggest selection of Barbecue's success We some including GANS, charcoal, smokers tailgate supplies all at the guaranteed lowest prices And also take advantage of no payment same as cash financing Until January 2004 on a proof credit You'll find our stores in plantation, university, drive in a fountain shopping center And a cool springs corner of sample and rock island roads You can't beat them anywhere for selection and for price everything you need for Barbecue and waiting At these two great stores Barbecue's Galore Why in local year sports radio 560's you and you a yeah Oh, fuck yourself Go out come back to the other day Hey, take the whole with us Hey, you're more awesome You're so cute I knew look away the nakom But it looks like you don't see me He's new It's me How are you doing I had seen them all come out in total But you nuts I approached knowing I got nothing to say to him anyway What else he thinks he is that white non-swish I got better things to do I could just my baby Oh Age is so cool Oh, you're a little mean. Yeah, my wife's out here will make you feel better. Yeah, sure you do. How really he has stepped into my time machine? Time machine. When you get that? I got it on TV. Okay, fine, let's go. You're an absolute company. If you see it, I'll buy my wife's up. I'll wear your summer face. Wow, I must be in the 1930s or something. But at the time, we're like the one book of rice. Okay, why try your government? I see here. When he talks to me like that, do you know who I am? I'm Mo, how in David's it? You can't be Mo, how in I'm a house. There's only one Mo, how in it? And that's me, pal. Why I made my most when you were going to the world. I know. Oh, why? I hate. How many think has I got up to take that class out of the house? I Mo, how in it? Yeah, so you're Mo, how in it, huh? That's right. Hey, can you give him a little bit of praise? Shut up, you moron. I see here, they bring me. Who do you call it, they bring? Why all have you know I'm a well-inspected sportscaster from the Parododize? Oh, is that so? Yeah, that's right. Well, the year information, I'm a park college. Says you, girl, come here. I'll show you. Hey. What if they can pick me up? I'm, uh, how these days I'm back and out? Here, you're mulling up. I have it, you're Prince. All right, good as a pen, man. Are you sure, Mo? Oh, I said you had his best out. What are you going to give me all the time, do? Oh, oh. Why are you? Why are you? Why are you? Why are you? Why are you? Why are you? Why are you? Why are you? Why are you? Why are you? Why are you? Don't, don't, don't, don't. Once 20 at 5.60, WQAM, don't forget the new Mozo show, not ready for prime time with guilty. 5 to 8 in the AM preceding for relevant radio. This is from Rich Pacto this one. You don't see it's not signing anymore, but I recognize the rating. Says I don't think you'd like to grow 10 in bombs, but it was hilarious. Not your taste though, I don't think. I think I tried watching it once and couldn't get through it. Aha. What's it about? So, just a mishmosh. What is that mean? It's just not an ethnological kind of thing. Not unlike happiness and magnolia, but it wasn't working for me, so I bailed. But you will like the Limey. No, you won. Oh, the Limey. No, you won. Not much worse. Steven Spielberg would Terence Stan, Peter Fondre, and Warren very good. The Spielberg was responsible for that? I thought it was a little bit better. This is here, the Limey. Boring. That was a dependent. Snoozer. No Steven Sutterberg. Oh, you're handwriting is so bad, Richard. I can't read it. The Limey's bad? Boring. Simone says, please let me know that when he watches the movie, snatched, there is an Easter egg to get sometimes for when Brad Pitt speaks. Wow. That's good. Yeah, no, I need to go get that. Yeah. Also, PS Simone says, unbreakable with Bruce Willis. Nah, not for you. Can't stand Bruce Willis. He gives me the, uh, he bgb's. But I will watch tonight and I'll check on the Easter eggs. See if you go on at ex.com. And then you click on because there are Easter eggs on computers and on TV, but if you just click on movies and then on TV, these. Uh, it's got the whole list. At least what they've discovered. See, I still understand then. If I buy a product, you know what it might be. If I went to a restaurant. And I paid like 12.95 for lunch. Okay. All right. And my lunch consisted of a cheeseburger with bill pickle and coleslaw and a fries. Okay. Did this for example, right? Right. And and they said, when you know, if you look in the basket under the rules, right, there's some hidden stuff in there that nobody else knows about. But if you if you go on his website, you'll find out about what else is in your lunch that nobody else would know to eat. Right. We're hiding the mince under there. Right. We're hiding something. It's like remember this is the logic in this. I mean, you're you're manufacturing something. I'm spending my 26 or 30 bucks or 20 bucks, whatever, or DVD, just as much as the next computer nerd that goes out and gives it. Why should that person be able to see a bunch of stuff on there that I shouldn't unless I'm in part of this cult. Same as that like the back masking that they put on records for a while there, the hidden message backwards, just to create hype like this is doing to get people to go out and buy out to discover the secret message. You got it. But how many people have ever heard of this? I never heard of it. Seriously, until we started talking movies, we never heard about no Easter eggs. Well, now everybody knows. Yeah, I'll 30 of our listeners know about it. Easter eggs. So go to eX.com and we'll tell you, although actually once you get on there and then you print out the instructions and you take it and you're out the room or the head of your TV is like my mentor and you, you, I mean, that was very simple. It took about 30 seconds. And you can watch the movie and crime logic order instead of all out of the bull crab. Instead of going crazy. I probably have to be in a weekend when I would watch it again. Please warn people that if you're, if you haven't already seen it, you should see it. The way it's supposed to be seen, which is. I've been asked back where right. Right. Oh, yeah, be sure. Watch it that way first. Right. Because otherwise it defeats the whole purpose of the little ruin the beginning, which is the ending. Or the ending, which. Here's Helen Dale. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. This is Paul from Hollywood. I have a Clinton, German for you. OK. Great. 560560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. You're from Helen Dale, Paul or whatever your name was. The only Paul we want to talk about is the one from Rules of Attraction. The head to Pillow. He was biting. 560560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. The little dog, Joe Rose, fills in for the mad dog who's badly overworked and eats it all day. So Joe Rose from 2 to 4 at the Humper in the studio, Hank from 4 to 7. And then we got at 7 something new and exciting, but every only we're going to have a lot through the summertime of QAM rewind the best of QAM. Now who's going to be on those tapes so under everybody apparently you included? Really? Well, who put that crap? I mean, those great tapes together. Well, we still got a couple of hours. Clarence, give it here. Give it to go. Said hey. The one is a pole, a good segment from today. Telling the pull this. Oh, we probably would. Well, Saraseta, surprise 30th birthday party last night, Georgian, Vina Boy, we're not invited. Because we weren't in the frown. And from up we heard everybody got drunk off their ass and got the head wild diarrhea. This morning's what we had to hear about a great life. Zach had wild diarrhea. The beast had wild diarrhea. All I probably was just from over eating a little bit. Zach said he woke up with Vaseline on his ass. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. So I guess I have to take back what I said about Clarence. Alright, that's going baby. We don't know who it was. Yeah, right. Or what? Don't be sure about it now. Don't be sure loser. 560, 750, 560, pound 560 on a AT&T and for rise in marvelous line. The Cervacity just closed his eyes and thought about Britney Spears. I've made my time in the unkindest spirit of all. Here's a bokeh, hello. Hey Neil, I'm done. Pretty good. Two good movies for you. I don't know if you listen or not. Waiting for government. Waiting for one? Government. Never heard of it. And best in show. Best in show? Yeah. Is that the one about the Westminster counter club? Yeah, it's the same guys. It is like spound tapping all that. It's Christopher Gess basically that that was Eugene Levy. Best in show. I think I wouldn't join. Yeah, we're waiting for a cup of Newwood Day because it's about a guy who's basically this dance instructor, Swash Koyographer who never really made it into New York and goes with small town and gets like a theater group and there's people in that movie that are absolutely hilarious. Oh, right. I got it down. Thanks, Paulie. Alright, man. Take it easy. Sure. I'll say that. I will read one more sentence though from her book. Okay, I wasn't important to them, Crat. Oh. That's the second sentence. You got two sentences now, okay? 10 to 20. What an insipid. I'm sorry. Don't let me forget before this half hour ends. I'm going to play that thing for Magnolia. Why's up? The greatest scene in history movies. And tonight, Bina Boy is watching Magnolia. No excuses, okay? But what? I don't know. So, he's going to have it to be meant. Something you're making excuses for not watching this movie. Why? I might as well start now. You like it. Oh, I know. I'm going to say I like it. Can I say I like it even if I don't watch it? I want an honest dance. You're right. I want a no. No. Schmuck. And we will be doing an exam on it. Is matter fact. In fact, we'll be as a clearance pulled in. In fact, you better, you better count the frogs and toads. One by one side by each. You better do a count. 27 past one is five 60 WQM here in Toronto where game marriages are now not only legal. Oh, they're taking place right now as we speak. Oh, I like that. Same sex marriages. Mirror one a little loosening up on the enforcement there. Decorabinizing. Making progress moving into the 28th century. While America continues languishing out of the heavy hand of John cover up those boobs ascroft. I'll tell you about a great place. The Asian buffet that you're going to fall in love with. There are a lot of other ones around how these days. But the best in the world is the Amal Coast. Three locations for Insau, Florida, Pemper Pines, North Miami Beach, and the original soft location in sunrise. Stir out with any of six different soups you can travel all of you like. And then sampled dozens and zillions of suck of the non-trace. New York strip made the order with the gourmet center of sizzling Asian grill featuring all kinds of good stuff for a grilled shrimp scampy style. Jumbo scallops wrapped in bacon and the new seafood stains yuck. And if that isn't enough, there's lots more to try their dungeonous crab and ginger and scations. Handcar Prime Ribbon, the new Oriental chicken salad. The Amal Coast will never give you a headache either. No MSG, no cornstarch, no crab. They cook all other good stuff only with cholesterol for your oils too. On the buffet you'll fight a full salad bar, sushi bar, and fresh from cocktail when you walk in there you'll almost soon because there's so much food to choose from. It's amazing. And there's even a full desert station no matter how 40 are. It's worth checking this out because they've got pies and cakes, pastries, ice cream, and all your favorite toppings and fresh fruit as well. Amal Coast in sunrise you'll find them on Pine Island at 44th Street. In North Miami Beach, Collins Avenue just north of 163 and in Pembro Pohan's at the of the 6th of the Flamingo Road and Pembrok Road. So take the family or book your next business lunch and right now, all size parties are welcome. Let them do the cooking for you and have yourself a great feast. Take out and live re always available too. Call 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22. 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22. I bet you have been a boy's life on it. I guarantee you'll love the Amal Coast Chinese buffet. My life and love all this is for 25th of the year. Wait a minute. Yeah. As I... But it's not real to me at the time. I'm interested in the next one. We're real. Baby don't do it. I'm gonna go with you. Come on. What? You don't do it. Yes, don't you feel the getting married. But people want me to be wary. They're just jealous of my family. Shut up, I don't care what you're telling. I keep a week you've ordered very bad fat. I think you've had enough of a break in Alamo, and you've changed. I thought you looked at that bad apple so flabbing a whole baby. It's all very very dramatic. We're here talking, but don't worry. So just let's leave it alone. It's very good. About him I am not scared we're good. He's taking love with me and my buck was so good. I won't try to bring up. Because he makes more than me. Right? Then the guy and I are so glad. There's some real dirt girl just that never could be just. Shut up, you're making me mad. Just like his movies, the spirits will be bad. I don't want to be alone. You keep a voice and just be that voice alone. Now leave home and want to get in. Just find a voice and watch me out. Oh, hey. You're so smart. Would you find when you first began to... You're so smart. Would you find when you first began to... You got it. You got what you want. Now you can hardly stand it though. But I've been out with you. I got it to stop. No. Now I've got it to stop. You're so smart. You're so smart. You're so smart. You're so smart. You're so smart. No. There are witnesses in me that always stand in a way. The deep presence of life going to stop. No. There's no going to stop. No. No. No. There's the message for a beautiful. Just give up. I'm going to stop. Five, six, seven. That's Amy Man. Do you remember her from till Tuesday? That song has been heard in about a minute. There's a lot of people. There's a lot of people. There's a lot of people. I don't know. I understand a few words here in there. I had to listen for a half an hour. I don't know what they're talking about. I don't know what they're talking about. That's what you do. I don't know what they're talking about. I don't know what they're talking about. I'll be sued when the lecture is up. You better watch the guy there, movie. You're really our skate-on tonight's this week. You had some real problems. He should have heard you go ballistic when he found out that they were watching him on a guy there. He should have been watching him on a guy there. He should have been watching him on a guy there. He should have been watching him on a guy there. He should have heard George. He should have been watching him on a guy there. He should have been watching him on a guy there. He should have been watching him on a guy there. I get to feeling at times that I have lost control of his circus. Hey listen if you're a sked you'll end up going to a crappy job every day that isn't paying you much. You can have a great new high-paying computer career in just four short months. One eight six six fast train or check them out of the web at fastrain.com. The season finale of American Idol is here at lands and what could be more fun than watching America's favorite reality show watching it drunk. It's easy with the American Idol drinking game. Every time an American Idol regular orders a particular phrase it's time to shove like with Randy Jackson says dog. This man is just like good enough man. And especially on you. It's the American Idol drinking game. Get your friends. Feel their glasses and pound one back each time Simon says something insulting. You have one of the worst voices I've ever heard. We dare you not to pass out before the first commercial break. Just take a slug every time you feel sorry for all the evil. And spit us. Or annoyed with Ryan C. Cress. Three faces only two places. The American Idol drinking game because if you're going to watch a bunch of nobody's take a shot at fame, he deserves a few shots of your own. 147 at 560 WKM I can't believe that you didn't tell me that Zach Crance was in a car wreck last night. A bigger pardon? Just had a fashion inside of building said Zach was rerun to the Josh's birthday party like. Oh sorry. Joe Rose for the A Mad Dog at 2. Hank in the studio at 4 and we got some tapes but we're really getting desperate now. Are we getting desperate now? Yeah, we're really good tapes. Some really great tapes 7 to 7 30. Maybe give a little for all on there. James on the time if I go with him now. He's on the palm at I'll give you some of that love. Come on push. Here's the call from Hollywood. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Are you doing listen if you're really having that much trouble understand and making Brad Pitt character and snatch you sub-title just making and it tells you what he's saying. Really? You can sub-title one thing. Yeah, just does it for Mickey. You should not have to go on the internet or whatever you were talking about. No, no eggs. No, just going to the options on the DVD and you can just sub-title his character. Okay. All right. Great movie too. Okay thanks. Okay I'm going to watch snatch. But I would probably make jacuzzi call when you say. We've been waiting a long time for that. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I tried to this Hillary picture and the one with the Chelsea in there man. That's enough to change my mind and I heard. Oh sir, and you're sweet and have one call about that. It must be just us. We're just hard-bitten and there are other people. Well, she can't help but she looks. Sure she can. First of all she can do some of that goddamn frizzy hair. That just accentuates her eubliness. Right. But I guess she didn't care. She had that real good looking boy friend with a lot of money. And she's the daughter of Clintons and all this other crag. So it's a make-a difference. She'll do fine. She'll do uh yeah. Ed Fine. 152 people say that Hillary is an opportunist. 75 say she's brilliant. Brilliant. 64 ice princess. She's not George W 46. She's the devil 45. Carpet bagger 38. Lightweight 16. Now we're starting to get warm. Small potatoes 15 and squishy. We got yeah people in the Saudi and Susay bit. Hillary is squishy. I would have thought that they would have been knocking the phones down and they talking about Hillary. Would you? No. Now that this book is out more of the hype. Well, at least one thing we'll say for the Saudi is they don't all get sucked in by the hype. Unlike me that goes to the bookstore to buy something entirely different and picks up this stupid piece of crap. Just because it was there and I felt like obligated. You often get sucked in I heard. I do get well. Not enough. Here's waterhill. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Hey. I couple things I just wanted to call an ask. Have you seen the movie ravenous yet? I got in the other room I have a watch of you. Awesome movie. It's with the same guy from a mental guy here. Oh really? Yeah. I'm going to watch it today then. That's really awesome movie. I'm going to hand this for a couple of weeks. Pretty good. I don't know about any Easter eggs but the movie itself is pretty awesome. Also, I know you're making the best in the old CD or you guys doing a key change again. And this time we're doing the Mowhower David of the Sounds. When I first heard you might be doing it with Moist that was great but you should also do a second one with Farell. Next year then. That's something to think about. I think we'll have to save him for next year. I'll learn the clips you got from him already. I'll tell him that it worked. What's that in the word? What is it? What is it? Last thing I got I did a bad news. I learned good news. I moved in the California at the end of the month on the escaping. That's good news for you and bad news for us. I'd like to keep listening on the internet. Yeah. I was just thinking about that. It's a really late time change between the two. I might not have to be able to hear you. It's just wanted to say just in case. Goodbye. Good luck. And. I'm going to grateful you. I was going to do it. Excellent. Excellent. I found out. That's the luck to you. You too. Okay. Congratulations for getting out of South Florida. Always works for me. Don't do it. I'm not selling. I'm thinking of myself. I'm reading this stuff on the internet. I'm thinking of myself. This is very much like the Netherlands only with people who deserve it. You know what I mean? Okay. No, sure. Because the Dutch people, that's one thing I kept thinking of myself this last time. I was an Amsterdam. The government is great. Very progressive. Wonderful laws. Very brilliant. I think people of the government. But the Dutch people themselves don't deserve it because most of them are cram. And then the ambiance there is garbage. But here. This is one of the cleanest big cities in the world. And they're diverse people from everywhere here. And these these people are with it. They're laid back. They're not the judge metal for the most part. They're like, you know, happy go lucky and join like kind of people. Just like here. Right. Yeah. Just like here almost used to be some years ago. 150, uh, three at five, 60 WQM. Hey, if fat is your problem. Like it is for some of the rest of us. You really owe it to yourself to drive balance for like one time. Because it's delicious. It's an easy way to lose weight. Because you don't have to count any calories. You don't have to count any carbs. You don't have to go shopping for anything. Because balance for like does all the figuring out for you. And they make them sure that you're satisfied with a lot of really good food. And number two that the weight pours off your body. It's all based on the zone diet. All you do is fill out a little menu every week. You have two choices for every one of the five servings. Three gourmet meals and two delicious snacks that are on your menu every day. And that's all you have to do. Other than just pick up that black sack. You do it by six AM every day at your home at your work at the wherever you might be. And let me tell you all the food is fresh and delicious. There's nothing frozen, nothing artificial. And with five servings, you know, there's going to be plenty of food to keep you full all day long. So if you're tired of being out of shape with the tharjig, that bitk. If you're tired of wearing pup tents instead of real clothing, let balance for like happy lose that weight once and for all. If you're frustrated and dried all the other programs, this just might be the one to do it for you. Call 9 5 4 5 6 8 32 29 9 5 4 5 6 8 32 29. Or check him out on that wicked worldwide web at balanceforlife.com. FB She was an outspoken Irish girl with no air. She was shimmy no counter. What do you want from me? I'm fucking bald! I shamed me fucking head! What does that tell ya? Some of you are on the correlation between Shenato Connor's short-lived career and your talent for pissing off everybody on the freaking planet. Don't get me started! Shenate's one-time manager, Slabby Gold. I remember when she tore off the picture of the Pope on Saturday night live. I begged Shenate honey, anything but the Pope. I gave her stack of eight by tenst to choose from Richard Nixon, Gandhi, Christy McNickle, anything. But no, it's gonna be the Pope. Of course I asked her why she's being so difficult, she tells me... I'm fucking bald! I got no hair yet, gas, tireless, shite, don't fucking with me. Realizing that Shenate had her only hit with a song written by Prince, we asked the purple rain star about his experience with the fire-reoconor. So, if I may, Prince, oh, Jesus, sorry, the artist formerly known as Prince, what was your memory of Shenate O'Connor? Look, she's fucking bald! She's she the fucking head! Now what does it tell you? Shenate O'Connor, she was the Susan Powder of Rock Music. Hey, give us a break. How many bald chicks can you come up without the top of your head? It's a big juicy shopping wood look at show business tonight on inside the mine. 158 at 560 WC, I've been holding back, now here's the real, this'll be the hook that'll get you to go out and buy the Hillary book. Alright, wait, sentence number three, okay? I wasn't born a lawyer or an advocate for women's rights and human rights. Got it? I'm gonna kill myself. Oh, right. Oh, I'm gonna kill myself. Oh, I'm gonna kill myself. Don't forget Joe Ross for the Mad Dog standing by the Humper in studio 4-7 this afternoon. Bye bye! Hey, this is Carlos.