That these guys were brought up to beautiful When they come to booty, no I have a lot No matter what I do, I don't want to make one One thing that I like, got thin and I'm black, loves my crack I got that, I shake my butt and be my troll in it I don't have to, I feel like my own, I feel like my own Think of it all by my boutique It ain't funny, it's so roomy, it could house a family I'm so glad for the back that I got, I'm just down to the city with the blood You have a little but I have a lot Everywhere I go, people look at my big ones I've been in it fit in the tents that I got I'm just, I'm just, I'm just, I'm just, I'm with the blood When it comes to booty, no I have a lot No matter what I do, I'm known for my big one That's what Galdi said, he's known for his big one It's 902 at 5.60WQM happy Tuesday, too It's 1189 votes on the podium today Which shocks the hell out of me, you wonder why Has I ever thought that anybody who doesn't like the BG's But it is, you know, bye-bye Huh? What I thought wouldn't you think that? 1189 votes we asked, what's your take on a BG's following the death of Morris Gibb, Morris? No, no. See there you go again, you can't control yourself, can you? You just can't stop. You relentless little spik. Stop what? 1192 votes like I said, they're still coming in What's your take on a BG's great one of the best groups ever, 425 or 425 34% said, lovin. Okay, I like some of their music. We have written 63, 30.4% Pretty a magnanimous by this audience, you know, generally this hard-bitten audience That looks for the opening for the opportunity to invent their anger and a house Stillly, but the good, 199 said they're pretty good So you put those three categories together and it's like overwhelming The BG's suck, however, 183, 15.3% said the BG's suck Even following the death of Morris Gibb, which I think is heartless and cruel Intimately South Florida, and who are the BG's 42 people 3.5% of the coolest crowd Said, who BG's? And they don't know, I get the BG's just thinking about people like that Got some bad news for it, by the way, some terrifying news Give you a warning on this, open up this press release In the mail this morning Guess who's going to be singing the National Anthem at the Heat Paces NBA game? At the American Airlines, Mickey, Harrison, Ellerspinga, Picania, Arena, Monday, January 27 Got plenty of time, it's a good warning, it's a week from next Monday I need to buy it, worse Neither the take that back The singing attorney Richard Friedman, our close personal friend with the awful hairpiece His hairpiece is even worse than mows, can you believe that? I know that's getting carried away, worse than the mowmeister Yeah, but how's his singing? That's good, worse Oh, Richard Friedman, Miami practicing the attorney Popparate, remember don't you remember the call on the every year every time As well those things on the ballot about transit This is the metro rail guy, a good close personal friend, Dick Friedman How you doing, Dick? Good attorney, good local civic activist, Bad singer Do you know that he's got three albums? Currently, Mr. Friedman's producing a stirred music album consisting of Broadway's greatest show tunes scheduled for release in the fall 2003. Mr. Friedman's music albums and I used to term music loosely, all my love greatest love songs of the 20th century and for love of country are distributed by the orchard.com, New York the Urban Bobbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbubbububbubbubb Cloudergeds But maybe the audience will have some others. Get on your thinking caps. Now, the CEO made a comment about Peter Townsett was that PD Lenny that made the comment. Let's have him peek, because we didn't discuss it. Now, see, I'm not, I'm not one of those who jumps to conclusions. And since he claims that he turned the information over to police ahead of time, and told him that he was researching this autovide graphical thing about his being abused as a child, I'm a little bit reluctant to like jump on a bad way until he find out what that was really going on. Because how could anybody be that stupid? You know what I'm saying? I mean, realize there are a lot of stupid people and a lot of these rock artists who have been to many drugs. Much of the people around here. But we'll also reserve judgment on good old Pete Townsett. Who? Who's your favorite all-time favorite dead recording artist, where I was going to say, and of course Elvis, you think Elvis and I have had big in our crowd. Not at all. Now, Elvis claws maybe, but they're kind of hostile toward Elvis. Every time we do a poll that involves Elvis, it's kind of like, to him. Janice Jopflin, John Lennon, George Harrison, Roy Orbison, Roy The Boy, Roy The Boy, Oh, Jim Morrison, although I do like his cafeteria a lot. Jimi Hendrix, Morris Gibb, and I'm putting Morris Gibb on there because he just died over the weekend, but I have a feeling since he was a member of a group. Right. I mean, Jim Morrison was a member of a group. Most of these people are members of a group, but I mean, he was like one of several correct. Morris Gibb, Marvin Gaye, which I'm sure you won't vote for since you don't like Marvin Gaye. I do like, but you don't want anything that's gay. You like it. Run away from it. See? And Jim Crochi. I'll decide out of mind. He probably won't get too many votes either, but he and I wish I would have brought him a Jim Crochi album of the best of. Bad, badly, royal brownster operator. Jim Crochi was great. No problems with Jim. But, you know, right. Yeah, I think it's a narrow way. Well, he was around that long. He was a part of it. What do you die from? Uh, I'm not sure. Something. Something not good. Plain record, something? No, I don't think so. Oh, it's making a plane record. There's, um, buddy, Holly. What's wrong with me? Sorry, Eric. A big bop. Barry, Barry. Oh, Eric's the guy that don't like you. Buddy, Holly. That's put that on Eric. Buddy, Holly, please. Well, the big bopper doesn't belong on her. Are you crazy? Your favorite recording artist is the big bopper in Shantilly, Lace. That was the only song you ever recorded, I think. Did anybody remember his plane crash? Jim Crochi. Oh, so sorry, Jim. And you know who else? In this crowd, I don't know. We got a lot of fun. No, no, no, no. John, then we got the same plan. Play balance. That is the same plan. Play crash with buddy, how many big bopper? Yeah. Does he belong on there? Which he valents now? La Bomba. Didn't do anything for me. La Bomba? Yeah. I think the timing is good, huh? La Bomba? I hope that W is listening. La Bomba does every any bells with the W, huh? Oh, yeah. So there we go. So buddy, Holly is at a door list. Jim Crochi, down a plane crash, I'll be damned. What a show. Oh, yeah. I mean, I don't want to take requests in here. Somebody, yeah. Go ahead. But Frank Sinatra. Who, yeah. We agree on that one too. Ah. Okay, Frank Sinatra, Eric. I hope you're listening. Hope you're not busy with those of breakfast burritos. That's already after 9 o'clock. He gets a five o'clock start with those. Wait about now he's thinking about brunch. So we added buddy, Holly and Frank Sinatra to that short list that I gave you. And I'm sure that our audience look at the phones, or we're going to also hook to get lots of others. How about Dean Martin? No. Curie, David, student. Curie, come on. No. How about treaty Lopez if I had a hammer's he alive? I hope not. Now that's bad. See you soon. Remember treaty Lopez? No. Lemon. Tree. He did the, uh, uh, uh, Mary soon. Yeah. But he jazzed him up a little bit. You know, like a Latino beat. I see. You don't never heard a treaty Lopez? Well, I've heard a treaty Lopez, but you know, I'm a good guy. I've connected him with the songs. And already the audiences informed us about Jim Crochie down in a plane crash, which we're very sorry to hear that, but nevertheless. I guess they didn't make any difference. You thought we were going to say? Right. He still dead. That's after nine at five, 60 WQA. And we got the mad dog at one today. Hank is doing a show at the mommy heat. Gee, I hope we're should feed them instead of every hercing for the nation. Lantham. Especially during the middle of Hank show. That'll be the end of that. Seven o'clock. We got the big. Oh, he's doing a show from the senior bull, which I'd be very honest. Also, I'd have heard of the senior bull until today. Carlos filled me in. He said it's all the kids who aren't good enough to play in the. All star, uh, the East West game, the snorts out, the shriner is that whatever. Purb shriner. Uh, the big go to an issue of seven and ten of these senior bull. Any k from g a ten to two and overnight it's Joe and Mark. Kick off a new year with something good for you and your health and your back. I'm doing a wrong spot. Can you believe that? We'll switch them. And we're not going to switch them. I'm not going to dial a mattress right now. Dial a mattress ain't ready yet. They're working on it. They're building it. I'm supposed to be doing D lights right now. You know what, I'm probably not doing it. I know exactly what. It's because PD Lenny was in here before I got a brain fart from just seeing him. Anyway, it is the new year like I just had moments ago and during the holidays, a lot of folks got really fat. You've porked up big time, just like Kaeric. Well, if you want to lose that weight and live up to your new year's resolution, here's a store that can help you do it. The lights at West Booker. A sensational store on Megastore for the Akins dieters are ready low carb sugar free diet, deep place to shop and the reason being that they don't carry any fat and cramp. Everything they have in a store is either sugar free or low carb or carb free. So there's good reason for you to join the thousands of people who travel 2D lights with over 600 delicious low carb food products. Like their new low carb crunchy granola by a phlaxo meal and 2 scrumptious flavors with only one or two carbs per serving. So whether it's carbohydrate ice cream, bread, chips, muffins, cheesecake, pasta and sauces, the lights at West Booker is the place to shop and you can try anything in the store. Try it before your bite is pop it in your post. They have an eligible staff open every day, seven days a week, 10 to 10 carry the most complete line of Akins brand products known to man there. It's always 25% off too, every day all day. But now you've heard of reports about Akins to get more popular every minute because people realize that it works and spend a lot of other stuff that they've tried. So if you're on the Akins or low carb that's the story you're going to love, the number one low carb sugar free store in the world, the lights at West Booker and you'll find them on the North East corner of Glades and 441 right next to Boston Market or call 1-877 low carb or find them on the web if you like it. Low carb dot com. You way, yeah, I just got it. Back in the day when someone done a strong, we didn't take their crap. In Pearl Harbor when the jumps dropped their bombs, we bomb them bad. And now the soddies, they hit us hard. And on our cars are little flat swings. As that saw the lovin' retired voice of bombers the wrong way. And of embarrassed to be in America, where they follow both side-chieves. You guided states of arrogance, that by bullshit it's family, breathing on this country. Up, amulet, tors, and augustates, and our history. I don't want to be a packs of mariners. Think they're goddamn USA. What's a few thousand innocent lives stop living in the past? If you want that SUV to drive, you're gonna need more gas. It's the greatest country in the world. They've trained us too, really. And anyone who says that obviously, and so forward to be. And that embarrassed to be in America, where we paid three hours in please. We've a flagged wood has, with our hand in the sand, and blindly follow the powers that pee, have a set to, up, washing state from you, who's on a six-day fire in screen. Scratcher balls and five, everything's okay. And we've got a new USA. Don't let's march. Don't come back now here. 9-16 at 5-60 WQA, a section of Tampa International Airport was evacuated yesterday. After the airport baggage screening system detected a mouse trap in a piece of luggage. A mouse trap. The airport's ticketing area was evacuated for about 45 minutes, but the Tampa Police bombed squad found no explosives in the bay. It did retrieve a mouse trap from inside a coffee can, said Chris Radigan, a spokesman for the TWAA, T Transportation Security Administration. When you looked at the monitor, it had all these wires and looked very, very suspicious, she said. Airport spokeswoman Brenda Gaye, a geogagagagaggan, said the bag's order was talking with the police airport, and TSA officials the owner was not in charge, she said. She said a few planes from over five airlines had 20 to 30 minutes delays, but didn't have an exact number. Now, strap. First of all, why would you carry a mouse trap in your luggage? Maybe you need it where you're going. See, Christine Agalera? Huh? What's wrong with that? Gotta carry a build a better mouse trap. So we've also had some more additions to our survey. Although I noticed George says nobody's on a phone now, because they all aiming in people called in shouting names out, that's not the way we do it on this show. We nice have a little verbal intercourse with some of you who have some ideas about some of these people, as opposed to just calling up like a hit and run artist. Like, what was the one that I didn't put that mother several on that puttin down? The ones that amputtin down, buddy Holly, Frank Sinatra, Freddy Mercury, another queen. Jerry Garcia, and Rick Nelson, how could we have forgotten Rick Nelson? Love Rick Nelson? Love Aussie and Harriet, they're both dead. Boy, a lot of dead people, you know? And more every day. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T, and Verizon Ruralis Lossomirty, great news. It's Tuesday, it's the 14th of January, which means a small build in a new episode. Now is it really a two hour special thing? Was it somebody just make that up? Oh no, I don't know, I'll check. Well, let's check that out. When it's out, let's check it out, come on. A two hour special small, Bill Manky, New Imagine. Get out the extra big box of Kleenex. Man, oh man. So Michael Mayo steals a collar right on the show yesterday. Wow, in today's this unsentinel. It's on our website, by the way, or we'll be momentarily, so this carlos gets through a showering and doucheying in there. Now go in to take a leak at about eight, twenty five this morning in the AT-ROOM, and this carlos in there in the sink. His whole body is in the sink, he's got the water running full blast, he's showering in the sink, shaving and doucheying at the same time. Kind of like an all in one deal. Maybe they can develop a deal like that, where you're like a chamber, like a gigantic toilet like thing. And what you do is you just get in it and the water like, it does everything or one, like a shower, like a shower, like a toilet, like a shower, like a toilet. It takes you shower, take a dump, and doosh all at the same time. I think it's a station station. Wow, this is WQM, your sanitation station. Oh, we're trying to clean up our act. Aren't we? No, no. So Michael Mayo writes, don't tell me their facts is coming on this stuff, because you ought to see some of the names coming in like Frank Zappa? Frank Zappa, wasn't it? Oh, get outta here. Frank Zappa wasn't a recording artist like in the sense of recording artist. He was a comedian. He killed the well. Oh, no, Virgin Mary, seen on picture window and Canada. Oh, hey, do you see this? I didn't see that. I think that it's an old man, man. I think that the second coming is coming. Oh, let's get rid of that call from Hylia, okay? Hylia, hello. Hey. Yeah, I'll be going. Okay. Jim Crow cheated time in a bottle too. Right. And Karen Carpenter, I think, is one of the sugar. Oh, Karen Carpenter, excellent choice. Love you. Thank you. Yeah, it's going to be good call from Hylia. They're always great. Karen Carpenter, Eric, I'm sorry about this, but we did, you know, just a, we're not sorry. You missed a whole bunch of names anyway, so we'll just, I'll look all and turn the break. You're going to one? I will call him during the break to catch him up. What do you mean, you missed a whole thing? He was all taking a dump or something. Take it at your job. You can't imagine Eric doing something discussing like that. I can imagine Carlos doing that. Would he put in Mary's stories on the site? Okay, what just, just relax a little bit. Okay, just take it easy. Slow down, little bit. We got four long excruciating hours to butcher here today, so just, just take it easy. This isn't exactly like yesterday's show where we can fill in with all that music. Although, although, I'd appropriate thing to do. It certainly would be appropriate to remember give us some memories. All I don't have any music here. Like all my doors stuff is up in Toronto. Do we have any doors music here now? Mike Vattler, back in, uh huh? But might have some, uh, like I got compilation discs. Greatest hits of this and that. We might have some of them. So I'm talking about playing the doors for four hours today, although, hahahaha. I mean, who we got on their Elvis? We certainly have an Elvis. I saw one disc back there. It's somebody didn't steal yet. John Lennon, we got every Beatles song that was ever invented. I imagine George Harrison. Do we have any George Harrison? Yeah, we did. Back there. Remember after he died, we had that thing back. Of course, I'm not assuming that they're all still here. Roy Orbison must play Roy Orbison today for hours. Jim Morrison, like I said, Jim and Henry. We don't have no Jimmy Hendrix. We got purple haze. I don't know what I got. Can I need George? I'm Judy Garland. Judy Garland would be good. He did a lot of drugs. How about he holly and a lot of booze? Buddy Holly never did any drugs that we know of. Buddy Holly. He was kind of like clean cut Yahoo, all American, uh, red, neckie, uh, what a nasty glasses and he's dead. Jim Crochi, we don't have that here. I got it home. Maybe tomorrow we'll do that. Ha ha ha ha. Sounds like a plan to me. Frank's enough for us. No, Frank's enough for music. Sorry. We got some Frank's enough for Pyrrty's. What do you got there? Not Frank's enough for. So, Ben Crozby. Oh, Ben Crozby's even better. And he's also dead. Let's put him on there. Just a joke. So here are the names that I added on there, which you shouldn't have to buddy Holly. Frank's enough for a Freddie Mercury. Jerry Garcia. Rick Nelson and Karen Carpenter. Please, Karen. Maybe a little salad would be good. Maybe the one that's Gloria Woddy and all in the family. The one that Archie keeps screaming. How about a little salad? Come on, Gloria. Boy, she a pig or what? Sally's brothers. You used to like Sally's brothers when she was on their show. And as soon as that show went off here, I turned to despise her net. As soon as the show went off as also when she got bl- bl- bl- bl- bl- bl- bl- bl- bl- bl- bl- bl- bl- bl- bl- bl- bl- or bl- bl- bl- bl- bl- bl- bl- bl- How do we want to look at it? A cow. A lot of fat bras on TV, you know that? Rosie O'Donnell, Roseanne, Oprah, Sally's brothers. Start Jones on the view. Oh my god, she's not fat. She's not another category. Fat. Have you seen her shoot commercials for Payless? Well, how she find her shoes? I guarantee she don't tie no shoes. You notice women don't tie shoes anyway? Oh, you know what I have to wear now? I went to my podiatrist yesterday. By the fact, sir, a lot of women are the best, baby. Even though the panties are just getting annihilated, we can't pick. I remember for that he ain't playing. All those pretty soon they might sign them up. But his doctors are the best. Went to my podiatrist yesterday. I've got a bonespar. Heelspar? Not a big deal. But I've got to file it. Saw it. I've got to file it off for the nail file. But, so you know, one of the many things he did. By the way, thanks again, Doc, you're great. One of the many things that he recommended. Shoes with high heels. He said, he recommended boots. I'm not going to be wearing no cowboy boots. Can you imagine me wearing cowboy boots? Yeah, Carl said, oh yeah. Yeah. But I'm thinking like maybe high heels. Like pump shirt pumps, right? Pumps it would be good. See, I mean cowboy boots. It clashes with my image. But I'm thinking more like, well, you know, they have some school marshes. The nice and square toe. Oh, yeah. But the heels on them. Maybe I've been brought some of those from my mouth. I'll get a bit of a size three foot. I'll just squeeze them on, you know, just get the old shoehorn and shove it in there. Siding some images of the virgin Mary on windows and walls in the northern reaches of the Canadian Province of Saskatchewan, have produced a minor tourism miracle for the remote villages involved. Exactly. My thoughts precisely. Since September mysterious images of Mary mother of Christ have been reported in four villages three of which are accessible only by airplane. Well, you know, she don't need a plane to get where she's going. Spurring hundreds of people to visit. How do you like that? The virgin Mary insists, catcha once. She finds the most bizarre places. She's the Christ. The latest images appeared yesterday on two homes in Bolville, Saskatchewan, which has fewer than a thousand residents. See, she'd a lot of be like an in Times Square. She'd a lot of be like in some place. She wants to go into the, uh, boom docks. Like in clear water on the side of that bank building. The images appeared to glow at night. And it would capture on video, said birthed derosure, who owns one of the homes. Don't release Nileo. I'm sure. Derosure said she didn't want to tell others about the image under picture window. It would first, I told my mom and she said, Oh, you're probably seeing your own shadow. So I thought people wouldn't believe me. Derosure told writers. Since then, more than 300 people have come from hundreds of miles around to view her window. It was just glowing so beautifully. I had tears in my eyes. Derosure said, adding she believes the sightings are some kind of divine message. Maybe they're from. Oh, good. But the Roman Catholic archbishop of the Keywoodton Diasi's home to the four communities was the way I'm retreating, unable to comment. A spokesman at his office said that I see his not received any official reports of the sightings. Sightings of the images of Christ, Mary, and saints are not uncommon around the world. And it would be what is the media's diverse glass, water, a burrito, and a Cameroom muscle car. Oh, yeah. I would have thought he would have showed up in the Corvette. By the way, mad dog, that was my Corvette you were talking about. It's not white, it's silver. Did you know mad dog is colorblind? No, he was asked me, is that who's the white Corvette? Is that don't answer snappy cars and mine is silver? What is a white one, don't it? It wasn't any white one, it was mine. Huh? He's colorblind. Everything he sees has got like either Aquan Orange or it's out there that Michigan blue. Everything he'd be the color guy. Possibly the most recent famous Canadian sighting was a Christlike image on the brick wall of a Tim Horton's donut shop at Brassda Or on Canada's Aladacost in 1998. Oh, man, I bet he was there with Tim getting signatures for Doug McLean. Where's the other way around? You think? Let's call up what's your name in Washington and find out what's your name at the hockey writer? That broad Rachel Alexander. Very good, oh my god, let's hear it for George. She had really large breasts. Rachel Alexander who had a gigantic pair of hooters, which is why George members are very vividly, but wouldn't know a hockey puck if you stuff the whole bunch of men between her breasts. Rachel Alexander, bow-wow-be-kow-kick. Rachel bow-wow-be-kow-kick. And she got promoted. And what do we got? We got Mike Russo and David J. Neal. Of course you got promoted, did I mention? Big breasts. Well, that seems to work a lot of places. 27 after 9 at 560 WQMs snow and Miami unbelievable Tom Limit and Joe Prieto are buried. Now this is early in snow at the buried in cars. The fact that we have said how it ponds the exomity cars there's no place to park them. Even Tom Limit and a park car in his driveway and probably won't bring them back. So need to place one in yours. Hell it is blowing out all the new vehicles regardless of profit. That's what they're saying now when and out were blown it out. Including the Pontiac Vive starting at only 13,098 and up to 5 grand off on every GMC envoy and stock. Plus get 0% financing or up to a $3,000 rebate. Of course, Halitsa also got us always a dependable selection of pre-owned cars production SUVs. If credit is a problem for you, if everybody in the town just laughs at you when you come on a lot. Don't worry about that. Just go to Halit. They won't laugh. They'll take your money. They'll cut your deal at Halit Pontiac. No matter how much of a deadbeat you are, even if you know Carlos. It's a winner, Blizzard emergency crew and sales going on right now at Halit Pontiac GMC 134-116. See Highway that's US 1 across from the falls where they've been doing it right by people for over 35 years. They're open every day seven days a week. As always, you'll save even more if you tell me you're heard about this thing on the Vio Rogers show. Called the Neil Rogers Neil Deal Hotline in Halit right now to a free at 1-3-4-8-5-3-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-11 Where Halit Pontiac GMC proudly says we be professional grade. My and local, we're sports radio 560-Jewing. Hey there people on Bob and Brown to see how the queue is boils down. My car is fast, my teeth is shiny, until all the girls they can kiss my eyes. Welcome here I am at the famous school. I'm president Sharpe and I'm acting too. I got a cheerleader here and wants to help with my pay. My better do all the work and maybe later I'll be the world. God, I am the American prison. I do not think out to a screen without my hands on some of the babies. For the one who can't look for the job that we will raise. Women's will be raised on the game. I'm talking about the name of the president. Sharpe the little speech then. I'll try to make you say a word. She had the ball in her eyes but she left the dick. I guess I'm still the boss but now it's too split. I am the American prison. But now I smell like gasoline. I love a miserable son of a bitch. Have I a horror-related? I don't know which one. So what went out and bought me a leisure suit? I'd jingle my chains but I'm still kind of cute. I got a job doing radio come home. None of the jobs can even tell I'm a whole lot. They've been swimming in a friend. So I'd drift it along and say, I can take it by the now and on the power of power. Along as I guess, so little gold, the shower roll, God, I am the American prison. With a skin that I got till it makes me scream. And I'll do anything to get again. I'll do it with night's tears. Thank you, friend. Oh God, oh God, I'm so fantastic. Thanks to ready, I'm a sensual bastard. Give my name in front of the ground. Watch me now. Oh, who does? And my name is Baba Brown. Watch me now. Oh, who does? And my name is Baba Brown. Watch me now. So here's a factual call, who says, Frank Zepa with the most prolific songwriter composer in American music history. Do you know that? I had no idea. Well, that's what Paul says. He has written composed over 400 original songs. He spoke out against band government, campaign for prostate cancer research. He conducted voters' registrations at all his concerts. And generally spoke his mind through music about the entire human condition. Please add him to your list. Thank you for your consideration. Well, I mean, that's so polite. Thank you for your consideration. How can we refuse? So not only we put him on the list, but we also played Bobby Brown. He could be going down. So the list is growing like crazy. Now I know it. Let's see. We've added buddy Holly. Frank Zepa from just adding the ones that I had fast Eric. A lot of votes on there already. John Lennon's got 17. Frank Zepa's got 17. Jimmy Hendrik 16, Elvis 10. See what I mean about Elvis everybody else in single digits. Pulls up, but we're adding to it. Not done yet. Freddie Mercury. Get these Eric. Jerry Garcia. Rick Nelson. He won't do that well, but he should. Boy, he's got a lot of competition. That's a slight. Kieran Carpenter. We can play some carpenter today. What do you... No, no. Thank you. And here's some other one. Kurt Cobain. How could we have left him off of there? Huh? Kurt Cobain. Little insane. And a lot of pain. Not no more. And Frank Zepa, we just put him on there. So there's the list that's expanding. Even as I sit here on my Fed ass. So one out of 100 here on this faction. And to bed it says, I can't believe you love Kurt Cobain off list. Well he's on there now. Okay, just calm down. What about the guy from Millie Vanilly who killed himself? The guy from recording artists. Not lip syncers recording artists. And then it says, what about David Lee Roth? He may not be dead, but his career is. That's cute. That's a whole other category. Okay. So we'll like I said one out of 5,000 eighths at that. Did I finish my story about the Virgin Mary on the picture window in says, Guys, you want to not try to finish that? Yes, I did. Oh yeah, the Tim Horton Donut shop. I'm candid as Atlanta coast of 1998. He sure gets around at Virgin Mary. And I might have to play that momentarily. Well, Virgin Mary. And the best part of the whole deal is that they're actually assholes out there who believe this stuff. That's the most frightening part of it. Okay. Oh my goodness. It's the Virgin Mary on the side of our bank building. It's the Virgin Mary on top of a Totino's pizza. It's the Virgin Mary inside of a double burrito supreme with extra beans from Taco Bell. How do you like that? I wonder. And today is the 14th. We missed the yesterdays. It's an only on Friday to 13th or 13th of every month. We don't hear about it no more. So must be out of business 13th of every month supposedly. That Rosa Lopez has had Hollywood. She's got a date every year. Every 13th of every month lucky 13 lucky for Rosa. All the way. I guess not lucky anymore. She used to have all the whole block blocked off with people parking there to come and watch. Wait for the Virgin Mary on the 13th of each month. Rosa Lopez in Hollywood. But I guess she's small potatoes now. Now that Virgin Mary is making the two up there in Canada. Probably heard that I hang out there every now and then. Probably looking for me. Right here. Right over here. Bitch. Oh, that was bad. You can't call the Virgin Mary a bitch. Can't you just did? I just did. So Michael Mayo writes a column totally cold from this show. Playing hooky to remember a forgotten voice about my cranary. Better late to never mic. It's about time you wrote something. Although it's still pretty crappy column. Bank of the sports page. Mike, you know, tell those people over there to sunset and we'll pull me back right along. I know a little bit about sports not too much, but certainly writing these kind of like human interest or whatever this is. I don't know what you call it. Anybody have any idea what we call this column that Mike Mayo writes in the sunset every day. But anyway, I guess I better do the break first and we'll get to that. It's not all that long. It's Mike deserves it. Any points out who's actually what I've been saying about how they only give like a just a cursory. Uh, acknowledgement to his death. And I guess he wasn't no more Morris Gib, which is what Mike Mayo points out. And then what I just said the other day, yes. Nice going Neil. Thank you very much. The check better be in the mail, Mike. Steel and columns off of this show. He does mention me and Hank in there briefly. That we were at IOD. That's the only coverage we get on the year and this and the news meeting. Any more is the fact that, you know, we used to be an IOD. Not that we're here now or anything to do with our shows now or anything about our lives now or anything at all, but just, well, they used to be an IOD. Back when they were good. Back when we liked them. Now they're on QAM so automatically we despise them. You know what I think they started despising us? I think back in about March of last year. You know what happened here in March of last year? No, what? Well, let me give you a, uh, a clue. Okay. A short clue to what happened here last year. Last year. Yeah, he came here last March and that's when the whole world seemed to like turn on us. All of us. Even a mad dog. I heard a call on his show. They have it here. That guy who called and said, uh, I heard you're going to be going out vacation sometimes soon. Mad dog. And then know that was a, and it guy says, well, we're hoping you will because a lot of us out here don't like you. Even the mad dog. What's not to like? Okay. Just because he went to Michigan. Just because he's a home or which we like. You know, we're almost, huh? We love the mad dog. And this guy see even somebody as in not few ways and it's just a sports guy. I, beloved by almost everyone. And this prick out there. Oh, well, a lot of us out here hate you like poison and we're hoping you're on vacation permanent. This town man evil. If the president wants to find evil doors, he doesn't have to go to North Korea or Iraq or Iran or any of those places. I just got to do this come down here. His brother can give them the guy to tour. Show them all these evil doors we got here. In fact, he can come right to this building. We'll show him we'll put him in the right direction. We know where that studio is. We'll show him an evil door. Gay. Shut up. Silly old Coo. Twenty-till ten and five. Not like the word Coo. Sounds like Cooter. Don't get carried away. I'll think I called him Coo. Not Coo. Coo. Twenty-before ten and five sixty. WCU. I better do the right spot. You know, I'm just I'm having different I don't know why. Maybe it's because Carlos brought me the log about two minutes till ten till nine. Whatever was. Now he was okay. He was just busy dozing in the tea room there for so long. You got to late start. Plus it took an hour and a half to get here this morning. There was a wreck somewhere and Muff was belly-a-king about it took her like forever to get here. I don't want to hear excuses. Okay. I want to see you like what? You know what I'm saying? We're here on time every day. Unlike Marvin the Romain. I got to thank him for that. Thank you. Marvin. I'm giving you a good lesson that if you don't show up like I'm time to do a show that starts at nine or ten or more and you probably ain't going to be around too long. So thank you very much Marvin the Romain. You idiot. You jackass. You turn coat. Thanks for the whammy gig too Marvin. The nice job on that. You know when you shop for quality footwear does a great store where they have the best selection in town. They have the best professional service people really know your feet inside and out. Even if they have to put up with the aroma. And they've got the best unbeatable prices which is why so many people keep going to Brandeys over and over and over again. We're not talking about off name brand shoes. There's some shoes stores that say oh we got shoes for like five bucks. And you walk in there and you see these crappy looking shoes that nobody ever heard of before the brand names. At Brandeys they've got the top names in a business like rock ports, floor shimes, S.A.S. Spiries, Timberl and Naturalizer and lots more for all you men, women and the Undecideds out there. Brandeys is open every day of your life during the week they're open nine and nine Sunday's 10-05 and you'll find them at 12-90 North Edible Highway in Paparovic. It's always worth the trip no matter where you are stuck about a whole bunch of pair of shoes. Maybe I'll go to Brandeys and give me some boots and pumps. Huh? I'll probably go in and say hi I'm the orang who says I'll say yeah pump this idiot. All this week at Brandeys shoes it's a great time to buy men's rock ports. Take 20% off and get a free pair of rock ports sucks with your purchase all this week at Brandeys in Pompeo Beach. My junior honey. Never watched his hair or seem to have a chemical bang. His name was Kirk. Now he's pushing up dirt. Kobe. Wiping through from his chin. Doing heroin. Kobe. Yeah. Never thought it was hot. And now his curt they ain't got Kobe. He got high sick goodbye and he died. Kobe. Made a million at hour never took a shower. Kobe. He's a number one hit in Heaven's Big Mosh Pit. Kobe. He'll be Elvis the King and say Grunge was my thing. Kobe. Yeah. So if you're filled with doubt don't take curts way out. Kobe. He got high sick goodbye and he died. Kobe. Here's a fashion good from Iowa who's usually run on top of things but claim you're like drop the ball this morning sweetheart. Says how about Janice Joplin? Janice Joplin was the second name I mentioned on the original list we started with after Elvis. You can't get much harder than that to be like right under the King. I don't think Janice would want to be under the King but never less. How did his present condition for hers? Let's just like laugh them on top of each other. I don't know they had a lot of importance in Dwight Lauderdale's will. What? Boo's and pills they met have gotten along nicely. Yeah. Good point. How could you forget old Bob Marley? Oh Bob Marley. That's a good point. Put him on there. Should we put him on there? No. How the beast? And I see Carlissel. Okay Bob Marley. Jesus. Well this is good. We'll have a list of about 500 people. And then just to show you how these schmucks out there you know you just look into Find Paul. Knit pickers. Jump in Jeff from Jersey who's generally a little bit more perspicacious than this. I think there must be something in the ear. People who's all those bombs that were testing last night that were disturbing the atmosphere. You were having trouble with a silky casting signals at all the per mutuals last night. And the rumor around the place was at Pompanow that the government was conducting tests. Bombs. Lauderdale. That was just a rumor that somebody there started other one. I mentioned no names. Dick. Anyway, well there's a lot of Dixard Pompanow Park. My squad Brian Sears again, baby. And he is just kicking ass. Given their clinic out there, you guys ought to be taking notes. Oh man. Unbelievable. Brian Sears. His God. We're building a statue a monument to Brian Sears right in front of the track. Jump in Jeff from Jersey says, okay, you mentioned Jerry Garcia, but he's not on the list. Guess what? Jump in Jerry from Jersey or full of crap. How do you like that? You're full of it. 143 votes. And Jerry Garcia's got one. We just added a Monaro. Okay, jump in Jeff from Jersey. We added a Mon because the public out there demanded it. The great full dead heads. See, that's another thing I can't understand. And we've been through this before and they're very militant. They get very hostile and all. And music was great and we wore our tie-died tie. Tie-dome. Hey, how about those leaves? They're coming back to Earth just like the Panthers. Although not quite as dramatically. Yep. Some bad hockey crap going on. I'll try to that. Let's see. Oh, you're looking at about the, they're all the rabbi sent this. It makes me feel bad. I put it on there. The rabbi's not the one to hate you. Is that a different one? No. Or obvious the one to hate. That professional you'd. Hey, obviously. Cox, a hoist, baby. I guess what my new hobby is. Instead of listening to music in a car when I'm driving in. Okay. I am monitoring the morning show. Every day. No, I'm not listening to it. I am monitoring the Mosho. That's my new hobby as opposed to like listening to music. I just want to put him. I noticed that I'm monitoring him this morning. I started and I will continue every moment that I'm in the car between 6.9. I will be monitoring that show very, very carefully. Okay. I'm listening with like open ears and other body parts. How do you like that, huh? It's time to get it on. So Michael Mayow writes this morning again. You're welcome for all the material that you wrote. It's still right from this show and my lips. Playing hooky to remember a forgotten voice. Look at how hot it looks today, huh? Man, you got a new schedule or something? Very memo. Or CD. What's that? I do. Yeah. Ha ha ha. Thank you so much. You're the best. You really are. I know they don't say that around the building, but I say it. He's the one guy we can always depend on for a smile. A chuckle even on adverse times. Like when we're listening to modern remote. Look at what we got here from my close personal friend, a mufflinzy. Has he slides in the machine? Sticks his finger over there on the play button and it goes like like. Oh, right. Oh, wow. He won't get as many voices as he shows, but I'm going to tell you if you approach he was the face-takes and bomb. Little sounds, oh, check out those things. It's a matter. Make a part of the sound. And if you pull down there, you better go to the way or man, be more lean, more brown, or more down to the road. What do you like better? Bobby Brown or Lee Boy Brown? Oh, that's like that. Oh, fuck Brown. This is dumb. This is dumb. Yeah. They're all playing the whole thing. Maybe a little later. Maybe when we play a medley of all the dead people's greatest hits. When you come right down to it, I don't want to say that the dead recording artists are better than the ones who are still alive, but when you really think of it, you look at this list. Huh? When you look at this list, for example, who do we have to rival Roy Orbison, George Harrison, and John Lennon, and Jim Croshingy and Jim Morrison, and Jim E. Hendrix, and Freddie Mercury, huh? And all the other queens. See what I'm saying? Oh, I know. Who do we got to rival them? They mean one today. Puff Daddy, Paul Simon. Paul Simon. He's still alive. That's here for Paul Simon. Good Jewish boy. And Paul McCartney. Who's still looking for a Julio down by the school yard? He's right over here next door. No, he is the school yard. Our Julio. He's bringing up to be the whole school yard. Paul McCartney. I don't know. You put him in the same category with John Lennon and George Harrison, just because he was a beetle. That's like saying that Ringo starts to literally wrote a lot of the pop-up. We're not talking about recording artists. We're not saying that the song is the best music in which would include writing. By the way, Guy Gross wrote a song that he made many more records than John Lennon after the Beatles. So, a low end with wings. Oh, and so many of them are so old. Bubble going. Oh, that's not it. Yeah, but live and let die. Don't bring up, say, say, say, well, I'm really... Oh, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, wasn't that Michael Jackson inspired me to do that? Say, say, say, say, yes. You're all. And if you're like the Big Badly where I brown waiting to hear... Ah. Good. Golly Miss Ma'am. I love Jim Gross. He was one of my all-time favorites. I used to play him on a radio back in the good old days when I was like, you know, a district is a fly. He's the one who's on the radio. WSTV and Sarah Sones. I think that it's still bad, and here's Jim Grossy, an operator. I've a radio. I'll could you help me please this. Here's Garrett and the Ken Carpenter. Just Ken Carpenter. I don't say, Dick again. I think I'm ready to go. Say, Dick, come on. Oh, don't do your love. Oh, don't do your love. And Ray. Who don't was Ray, but I got such a new way. Probably Ray Wayne's here. Ray, man, sir. Sure. That's an intellectual asshole. But the baby. That's a way. If I saw a piece on, uh, maybe it was on a biography channel. There were doing a Jim Morrison thing. And they had the thing about, uh, down here when he got, he never exposed himself here, by the way. He never actually whipped it out. He threatened to, and the cops still busted him Jim Morrison. Because they heard that it was so big it would have been like a runaway, allocator or something. But anyway, so Ray, man, Zerick is telling the whole story. What a suit he is. Remember we had that clip from him back in I would be used to play. But it could be any clip. He also has a real, real, real, pontificating, uh, self-aggrandizing. So there's a little Jim Krochi for you. And let's see who else can we have, uh, who the fuck got in there, huh? How about some queen? How about some Freddie Mercury? I got some of the computer, I think. I've said he knows some queen. How about Roy Orbusin? That's what we want. Isn't that a shame that we have to, like, put him out to the test and it. Well, why don't we have this? And what's upon a time we did? I got plenty of Robis and up in Toronto and my studios up there. I may have to go up there and play music. If you scour some of those things, there might be some Roy Orbusin in there. Some of those high-mostakes that you have back there buried. You mean like only the lonely? Something like that. We sure don't have you got it. You got it. I love that song. You know, you were with my great accomplishment at IOD. Was I got the people, was it the coast of that guy? I got the people to play you got it. I got Disney to convince them to play it. Put it on the playlist. How about that? Yeah. That's the only time I've ever had any influence on a music on other stations, you know, FM in the building. Anywhere. They actually, I remember that they came in and know they're playing the Roy Orbusin now. Just to pacify me, you know. Then he went back and puked into waste basket again. High school in Disney. No, seriously. I mean Roy Orbusin, another one underrated. Roy the boy. Phenomenal. That's my opinion. I'm Mike Disney. Get out of here, loser. By the way, nice job there when I'm at the coast. Whatever the hell it thing is now. What is it? It's neither fish nor foul. We don't even know what to tell. That's the end of course party radio. Well, people all over town are saying they've heard those four records and stuff now. They're switching. They're going to power 96 just to spite your ass. What would you open in there now? George is with us. I don't know if I can have a Roy Orbusin song. Oh, okay. Oh, that'll do it for me. That'll put me in a bunch of your better mood. I just don't know which one. Don't forget Tuesday at Smallville tonight that we find out if it's a two hour episode or not yet. What about you waiting for? Get Carlos on the computer there. Get on Warner, but WB and get that schedule for tonight and query minds out there. We got at least four or five people in the audience who see Smallville. Not just sitting around looking because there's some good looking people on there because it's a great show with great story lines and exciting. And because they like those people naked. In fact, I think tonight tonight that Clark Go whips it out. That's what I'm hearing. Now what is so what are we going to play? Oh, I'm looking. Oh, you're still looking for it? That's what I hear Clark is doing too. He's still looking for it. 31 votes for John Lennon. Oh, thank God Frank Sinatra ain't winning. He's got 23 though. Which really disturbs the crap out of me. Couldn't the sing is right of a paper bag Frank Sinatra. I know but he can never dispute the fact he didn't sing as he talked to song. No, y'all. No, y'all. He talked to song. He never sang. Never sang one on his life. And he used to search for the note. He did. He searched for the note. He was star-la. No, y'all. Searching for it. Like, I'm closer as up here. Jimmy Henry's 19, Jim Morrison 15, Elvis only 14. This is not an Elvis crowd. Which is probably pretty good because if it was an Elvis crowd, it would be like a bunch of old farts. And even old fart like me didn't vote for Elvis. Who did I vote for? Who the hell did I vote for Jim Morrison? Pretty Mercury's got 12. A lot of queen fans out there. Jim Crow, she's got 10. Don't let me forget after the break. I also have a red mic. Meows call me, which I will. I'll get to it. I'll get to it. Mike just relax out there. Okay. So, yes, it's only a one hour episode today. And my clock on the WB. Who? Yes, it was a listener that made that up. Somebody that was hoping he'd get two hours of it. Don't worry, Pat. You'd been worn out by about 40 after the hour anyway, so don't worry. We don't need two hours. Freddie Mercury would 12. Marvin Gaze only got 10. That's a shame. Roy Ermasin with eight. Frank Zeph has got eight. Morris Gibb has got six. Well, thank God for Morris getting six. Just the little recognition there. Even though we don't believe it. Karen Crawford or five. Jerry Garcia's got four. For Jump and Jeff from Jersey there, there you go. That should pass a value. George Harrison three. That pisses me off. Shouldn't George Harrison have more than three votes? Sure. George Harrison was great. Certainly much better than Paul McCartney. It's better what you're saying. See Carlos, you're saying there's no contest there. You're saying that Paul McCartney's better than George Harrison? Paul McCartney created more so much more. You know what? So did a grateful dead. No, no. Great music. You don't even let me fall. Let me fall. More good songs than any of the other people. See there you go again. As Ronald Reagan said, there you go again. He had more hits than the other two put together. So that made him the best recording artist. How many hits do Frank Zeph have? Half a one. So, so that made him a bag recording. He earned it. See what we didn't ask who is the most commercial recording artist of all time. Oh, they got. Yeah. How about Perry Como? Paul Row. No. We got that Perry Como. Here's somewhere in Bride. Thanks to Boca Brian. In fact, it's your purpose. Yeah and now they did it in Coks. Three come on. Oh, come on. 9 57. 16llen, 13ib. .... OK. Get off your lazy ass and call our good friends at Valence for life. We finally got the definitive word from Troy Stratford who says the beast is back on balance for life and thank goodness for that. Because we're saving at young man's life. He lost 60 pounds on it, in fact he still lose these good food every day and you'll get the food to once you sign up. A little black sack that's like magic. Because the set of counting calories, counting carbohydrates, shopping and trying to figure out the supermarket what you can eat and what you can't. They do all I work for you. It's all based on the zone diet principles which is very effective by Dr. Barry Sears. And they figured out for you like I said. You pick from two choices for each meal every day that you're on the program and by six and a morning they deliver your little black sack right to your door to your home or to your work if you work early wherever you happen to be. And in your black sack three gourmet delicious fresh great meals with the best ingredients all kinds of good stuff and two delicious snacks in their right to your long with the little bottle of water as well. So if you want to lose that weight fast, this is the way to do it safely and deliciously and trust me. You won't go hungry because in that sack is plenty of food to keep you satisfied all day long. So pick up the phone, make your new year's resolution reality this year like the beast is going to do with balance for life. The smart way to lose the weight. Call 9-5-4-5-6-8-32-29. 9-5-4-5-6-8-32-29 or check them out on their website if you like it. Balance for life.com. 9-5-5-5-6-6-29. The where of exploding ball. Once in a lifetime a man comes along whose life story is so meaningful it can only be captured in poetic song. Get me, Jeremy! Get me! Get me! Get me! Get me! Get me! Get me! Get me! Get me! Get me! Showers hold my mom. Recesses like the drystopper. Turn me, turn me, twist me. jeery springer the opera, drama, pageantry wonder. And, sparing. There's something I must all you. I'm treating on you with your sniff month. You! AreI on my wiII be thaI w Cherry, Cherry, Cherry, Cherry, Cherry! Cherry Springer, the opera, the stage spectacle that Aino virtual a fat lady gets hit over the head with a folding chair. You'll think you all that but you're a terrorist! Oh! Cherry, Cherry, Cherry, Cherry, Cherry, the world's sleazyest talk show host is in the house, the opera house. Cherry Springer, the opera. 10 or 3 or 5 or 60, WQM happy Tuesday. Here's a facet says, Mick Jagger. I didn't know he was dead. He's not. Mick Jagger, look at that. Maybe they're getting ready. Maybe they just saw him in concert that last time they figured must be getting pretty close. Here's another one that says, Whoa! The door's too airy and sexual. She'll hang up the phone. If you choose, the rest piece will get double with a Rubes sexual with me. Tiny timets says, no, no, they even they say no. Bad from a howl on Dale says, I can't get to computer vote right now, but just get in there and vote for Ricky Nelson 50 times she says. But don't you think I would have Rick Nelson's greatest hits in that rack back there? You should. Don't. Okay. I'll sit around here somewhere, but you got such a mess that you made over here. No, you made a mess by cleaning things up. Oh, I'm sorry. No, seriously. I know where everything is and then when I go away for a period of time, like for 10 or a little months, and then I come back and I find that you moved it all. I like my mother. I start talking. He comes into my house and I come back and I came and find a dog, you know. She just rearranged his stuff. Here's a fact that says, oh, this is WL and Dale Ray and beyond chronic. He says a few dead artists. How about Harry Chapins, cats in the cradle and taxi? Did we ever put Harry Chapin on there? We don't want to put him on or do we? Whatever. Let's put him on there. He'll give a, or something to do. He's, he's, because I heard, mostly this morning while I was monitoring. But it's really kind of like a dead Tuesday. Everything's very, very slow. Better get used to it, because now that football's over for certain teams, like most of the state of Florida, except the bucks. It's going to be like that way for months to come. I have a opinion. It could be a slow Tuesday and a slow Wednesday and a slow Thursday. It's getting mighty slow. So Harry Chapins on there too, Eric. How about Sid Vicious? I'll sit vicious and too pack and biggie. And Alia left eye. Well, left eye Lopez and Tony Hathaway. Tony Hathaway is dead. Who? Tony Hathaway. Don't you remember he did a song with the, who do you do that song with? I remember Jane Hathaway. No, no, Tony Hathaway and, uh, was it, Dion Warwick not Dion Warwick? Who do you do a he had a hit with somebody? I could look into book with that would be cheating. Donnie, you, you wouldn't know. Carl was like, oh, oh, oh, oh, he don't even know. Left eye Lopez from Hector Lopez. Roberta Flime. Thank you very much, mom. I'll tell you, he's going, and now he's got the glasses on. You see that? He's got the spectacles on. Now he's really getting into this heavy duty. Really serious. Uh, Roberta Flime and Donnie Hathaway. Where is the law? I think that was the name of the song. Where is the love? You don't remember that? Do you remember where is the love? Oh, yeah. What is wrong with your man? That was Donnie Hathaway? Yeah, he's dead. No, at least what says here. Can you play Jim Crow. She's don't mess with Jim. I could play that if I had to hold CD here. I mean, Robert, download that. Thank you, Robert. You're okay. And spite of what I heard most say about you this morning when I was monitoring. Also, it says I read that art bill retired. Yes, then I got some guy and they're talking about ghost. I'm coming back from the track last night. And any K we're doing is gambling. So I punched over to Iodin. Who is that guy? They play ghost music in the back. George Nori. Oh, and they play the spooky music in the back. Oops. And Marvin Gays beautiful daughter, Nona, Nona, Nona, Nona. Will appear in Matrix 2 reloaded in the role intended for the late Alia. Well, at least there's some justice there. Marvin Gays daughter. Marvin could make it his busy. He's busy with a virginery on the side of that building. So we're building a great list here. What's that sound? I'll retry that other. That's on, there should be on there. Oh, I found something though, by the way. Okay, and he colored clown. They call this man. It's right above. Tip goes to my room every night. You didn't like this song? No. Oh, I like it last. And now it's blue. I mean, you can play a little bit. I'll just keep it. But there it is. It's right above, ladies and gentlemen. Close my eyes. What is the lesser song? I don't know. Oh, yeah. What do you know? Brilliant. Oh, you got it. Oh, you got it. Which was like very late in this. Very well. But he's still the same. I'll tell you. Killer. We know that's so depressing. It's even more, I mean, at least the reason we played all the depressing BG stuff yesterday is because Morris just died over the weekend. So we were able to tolerate some of the earlier BG's, the real prediscody pressing days. But that's really more of it. But right above, you'd have to give us one of these strangers. Not just ugliest. He was ugly. But one of these strangers look and do it's whoever recorded the song. When you agree, absolutely. That'd be a good poll to take some time. These strangers recording artists. Huh? How about love estranged by Mickey and Sylvia? Who? I know. How about strange brew by... Strange brew by a cream. Very good. Very, very good. How about our clapped and he's not dead yet? But we're working on it. His kid is. Close that window. Two later. Remember that day that we lost touch with the audience? Right. You lost touch with the audience. We lost touch with the audience. So here's the list so far. Has the poll come in a lot of votes. John Lund and 41. Moff said he voted for our John Lund. Took the easy way out. Frank Sinatra 29. Jim Morrison 26. Now we're talking. Oh yeah. Greatest voice in history. Next to Luis Miguel. Luis Miguel. If we can call Morris. More. We can call Luis. Lou. How you? Lou. How you? Lou. How you? Lou. Let's see. Just taste again. John Lund 41. So now for 30. Are you all farts? You silly people. John Lund. Jimi Hendrix 26. Jim Morrison 26. Elvis 18. Yeah. That's about where he is in our crowd. This is not a big Elvis crowds. Or maybe again on the 80th anniversary of his death. Or maybe don't play no Elvis stuff. Or maybe he's a little bit more. I mean, the BG stuff yesterday. They tolerated well. They took it. They took it with good in good spirit. I mean, like if Elvis dies again, we could like have an old Elvis. It'll beat us over the head with the BG. Plus our problem. It changed a lot of the Elvis people away by testizing. They men out there who've been. Oh, slup in the Graceland. Remember that one show that was a lot of time ago. But I was in shock. I said, all you guys that have gone to Graceland. Your wives and girlfriends must have dragged you there. You couldn't possibly have gone. Oh, no. You're wrong. The other fact. I think I think next to playing golf. The surest sign of having no life is going to Graceland. To see the king. But what is I don't know. Even his mama before they stuck her in a box for her long dirt nap. Even mommy said, boy, what a bunch of lifeless assholes. They probably wish they had slept with Elvis till he was 21 like I did. Anyway, Frank Zappers got an I missed that skipped over. Elvis 18 Jim Crow, she 15. Thanks again, Muff and Robert. Because he never had 15 if we hadn't played a couple of clips there. Bad badly right brown, but she's one of the most popular songs in this time. You know, it's a good old boy song. I love it. Freddie Mercury 14. Frank Zapper 13. Roy Arbison 13. There you go, George. Just in time for a probably go down and lose some now. Have you played that? Marvin Gaye 12. I don't see any beach boys getting any votes on him. Marvin Gaye 12. Let us see Dennis Carl Wilson getting any. To debunk your theory. Terry Carpenter with eight. I think we're playing all carpenters all day. Morris gives six. Jerry Garcia five. George Harrison. Tennis Joplin and Kurt Cobain each have four. Buddy Holly and Rick Nelson have a pair. And Harry Chapins on her. But he don't have any. Harry don't have any. Harry rings has got more votes than Harry Chapin. Ten minutes after ten at five sixty wqa. I'm on a great Tuesday man. You can smell it. Can't you smell it? We're monitoring you. No. Just remember that. Hey guys, the new year is here. If your new year's resolution is high paying computer career. Now is the time to do something about it. Fast train is holding a free career seminar this evening. And it's Kendall Mimey for a long day on Pemberg Pines. No locations. Let me say it again tonight. It's a free seminar. Call 1 8 6 6 fast train to reserve your seat. You've heard us talk about fast train for a long time. Now go to one of these seminars tonight and find out what it's really all about and how you can get out of your dead end job and make some big bucks. Call 1 8 6 fast train to make 2003. The year that you're in a high paying computer job. If you're overworked underpaid in a real sucky job, this could be the most important 50 minutes your life. Fast train can have you certified ready for your dream job in just four short months. Call fast train 1 8 6 fast train. They've got convenient day evening and weekend classes for you. Call 1 8 6 fast train to reserve your seat for tonight for directions just check them out on the web. If you like it fast train.com and be there tonight. 5. The local this is 5. 6. 3 years old yours. You wait. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 4. 3. 4. 3. 0. 4. 5. 4. 3. 3. 4. 4. 3. 4. 5. 3. 4. Call out, 1-100, wrap the up, right, call out, 1-100, wrap the up. 15-5-60, WCM, somebody says, Leonard Skinner's Ronnie Van Zant. What do you think? No. So, Muffie was doing so while, until he mentioned the song, he voted for John Lennon and then he said, and I just got this video. See, they all did corn. I'm not gonna get to the call on them. Are you part of your part? John Lennon, Paul McCartney, all these people did a cornie tuner. But I mean, the ballad of John and Yokel, I mean, she just makes my skin crawl. She's just obnoxious. See how? Uncalanted, right, idiotic, silly, grotesque, right, but other matches pretty good. What do you say? Christ. I can't believe he said that. Jesus Christ. Well, I'll tell you what I said that in God away with it was Phil Sims on a broadcast on Sunday. Phil Sims was talking about the plays, repetitive plays, and they're saying, oh, Christ, you're gonna have us run out again, something like that. On a national on that work on CBS, Phil Sims, he can get away with it because he's a job. What was Muffie? That yeah, it's got a good beat. You can dance to it, I'll give it a four. You can dance to the ballad of John and Yokel. Go like the melody. Oh, I see. I never know what he's serious enough because he took the glasses off again. So I don't know. I mean, all the Beatles songs to say, I mean, here I've got the number one hit. Oh, so they'd like to pick that. We don't want to play Beatles. We play it enough Beatles already. I'm sick of it. I got Beatles crawling out of my ass. I think there's something you can take for that. Oh, let's call the bug man. He's good. Oh, we never mentioned that on the ear, given the bug. Oh, we don't like it. And even though he's a little peculiar, Steve, alternative is that alternative alternative. TATM, alternative, alternative, alternative, alternative, alternative, alternative management. These people are spectacular and Georgian, I both both had him coming to our homes and he's, and they don't spray with that nasty harmful stuff. They put, he puts that little stuff up in the corner of his borax. They use all these alternative, uh, bad man. I haven't had one aunt in that house since the day that he walked out. Since the final ones went up in a corner and met their maker, you know, Marvin Maker from Monticelli, Raceway. There you go, Dick. No, see. Little Marvin Maker, action from Monticelli. He's no Brian Sears, but we can't all be. We aspire to be Brian Sears, but we can't all be Brian Sears. Here's this chronic jump in Jersey, a jackass is, we're going to leave off James, Boulushi, uh, the great voice from the Blues Brothers. He says, oh, I mean, Jim Boulushi. Yeah, we're doing it in both of, just a joke. Just a joke, okay. Relax, it better, Frank Sinatra. I'd rather hear John Boulushi sing a now than Frank Sinatra. Boy, I'm trying, oh, yeah, here, uh, you know, we are, we screwed up bad. But that's okay. It's a four hour show. We can add a lot more before we get out of here. It'll keep her busy every moment that we do another name on air. Keeps air committing another sandwich. He's got those finger sandwiches. You know, like, what your hour enjoyed? Well, you can eat a lot more from real fast to small ones. Bobby Darren. Of course. Mac tonight. Everybody loves Mac tonight. All of he had much better songs than Mac tonight. Like dream lover. That was a great song. I wish that I had that here now. Don't have it. What other Bobby Darren songs did we love? I could reach back there and give my book, but that's not as much fun. That's like, as a call beneath the sea. Dan, somewhere beneath the sea. Don't, I don't like that. Hope he. How can he compare that with dream lover? That was what was raining him off. I didn't say that it was as good. You did. Just like you said, you liked Valorant of Yockel and Schmeckle. We're monitoring mobile. The way that's her new hobby. Friday to book comes out. We're just we're just trading water here until a book comes out on Friday. And then, oh, then all of crap breaks loose. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Any idea? Okay. I'm crazy. I'm Sunday. They like to be playing that. That, um, small bill. Yeah. And if I'm five o'clock, I think. Yeah, usually the repeat, but this week in my work told me it was, um, uh, that two hours special. No. And did you take it? No. No. There was no two hours special. Yeah, there was. They would last week. Last week. What? The tornado. Oh, but that's, but that's still a little episode. Don't, don't panic. That was an old episode. Kiki Wi-Fi. Come to bitch right now. So anyway, this, the word I do with that list. Thank you whoever facts this in one of our, I see it's one of our regular facts. You're, thank you so much. Bobby, they're in Sam Cook. Okay. Somewhere beyond the sea and he's, he's, he's, he's, he's, he's, he's, he's. Yeah. Man, you got him worked up into a friend's junior. Sam Cook. Out of sight, out of mind. You send me Sam Cook. Right to the motel and Sam, look out. Poor Sam Cook. I was reading the story about, uh, what the hell happened there was he trying to break up a fighter, something that nobody was in a hotel with him, uh, motel of the hooker or something. I don't know. He's dead. And here's a good one who won't get a lot of votes, but I'm going to tell you from that, remember we did the groups thing, the American groups? Yeah. And how propitious that I had just fired off around there to a cat from Chicago, who was playing Russian, we're let with a fully loaded gun. And, uh, don't work to the Terry. Well, it wasn't fully loaded, but it was like, look, just ran out. See, most people don't know Terry can. To that put him on or not from Chicago. They know, uh, Peter doesn't deserve it, but, you know, he won't do well on this list. They know Peter satir up because, Yeah, the wife, you know, and a whole bunch of kids because he's exo, Faggy, Peter satir. Wouldn't you have been a lot of money that he was like a lot at a Oscar last. Well, he's not. Well, I mean, I don't know. Eddie Cochran. I was Eddie Cochran sitting in the balcony was that Johnny Cochran or Wayne Cochran. Eddie Cochran who the hell Eddie Cochran. There's so many Cochran's. There's Johnny Cochran. George Harrison, George Harrison's on there in John Lennon. And we got those two on your K Jesus. Go, Gally. Patsy Klein. I go to pieces over Patsy Klein. What was your other was your really big hit, Patsy Klein? Come on, what is, you know, you're about as much help as a dead man. But this is before my time. Patsy Klein, I'm going to get them. Probably before I was born. No, it was not not. Not before you were born. Patsy Klein, you want to you never worked on a Schmidt Kick and Stacey, probably did you? That's not true, I sure did. Well, how come you don't know. Oh, crazy. There you go. I fall to pieces and crazy. That was her biggest hit was reach number nine. Oh, walking after midnight. That's the one I was trying to think of walking after. I don't know. So there's that. Patsy Klein, I'm putting that bitch on there, huh? And Johnny Burnett. And I'm not putting him on because he's just small potatoes for Johnny Burnett was good. What was Johnny Burnett's big hit? I love Johnny Burnett. What the hell was it? Johnny Burnett? Oh, there's buckwheat. And don't do that. Let's see Johnny Burnett and your 16. Your 16, of course. Like you just said, out of sight out of mind, your 16 by freaking Johnny Burnett. What a great song. Right? Here we go. Patsy, happy bath honking to aound, It's beautiful and it's fine It goes crazy when it's bad Who, when it's bigger it's better Yeah, but if you're my hand We touch my chest Who, when it's lured It ruined my best, it came out of my dreams And into my life Oh, how it makes me feel fine It's the same So beautiful and it's mine Johnny, but it was your job to do You just had to do one That song also just on it, and everyone Oh, although it sounded just like your treatment on that Other, that was a great job in that playful veins Was that what it was? Prypal veins? Yeah, book a bride and me are going to be doing it live Oh, don't forget, treasure out of this week is on Thursday Yeah, from 5 to 7 Because they've got some slut I mean, someone great entertainer Naked martial artist Choded Jason Naked martial artist Where does he stick him? Oh, it's redding Oh, how could we forget Huh? She didn't have a doctor He certainly belongs there What was it? Sitting on the dock of your gay Bay? So there you go, all this ready, I'll put him on So the list is expanding dramatically We didn't put Terry Kathon to go to Shoya That I can't pick my own personal choice Oh, how could you forget? Here's the chronic radio groupy factor Who says how could you forget Dean Martin? Easy Easy, I just had a step right out of my mind What? We mentioned Dean Martin and Sammy Davis We were joking about that We're talking about great recording artists Not silly people like you know Who used to schmooze a song Like being crossbing You know, and they schmooze the Reads for notes, stuff like that And big crossbow by the way was a prick That's what all his kids said The ones who haven't committed suicide Yeah, they ought to know And they shouldn't on the ones who were dead Would like to come back and tell you some more about it Just like Joan Crawford Can't us much, Joan Crawford 560, 560, Pound 560 on a AT&T line John Linden thanks to the bell of Yokel O'Neal Ainal He's got 55 Sanatra 34, Jimmy Hendrix 33 Jim Morrison 30, Elvis 22, Jim Crow She 20 And Freddie Mercury 19, where the boy 16, Marvin G14 We got to play some Marvin Gay You know what day? Today Even though you won't like it I like it Well, I'll tell you what to pass if I You would all do is alternate the Marvin Gay Cuts with the beach course I gotta get to Mike Mayer's column after the break Don't let me forget As one like final Shout On behalf of Mike Reneri Because I can't say too much for Mike Mayer When he's crappy columns he's right But at least At least he tried to do something good It wasn't but he tried And mentioned my name in the hopper too 26 after 10 at 560 WCM guys have spent 2002 avoiding mirrors If you're sick of combing those few remaining strands Over that enormous baldery on your head Like Richard Friedman Who don't want to look so silly during the national anthem Here's the answer for you Call Charles out here Maybe we can get Richard Friedman to go to see Charles out for you And you were that nasty looking thing He's got on top of the head called the peace Charlie's the best in the world Because the natural hairline system doesn't look synthetic It doesn't look artificial It doesn't look like a dead animal crawling around dot on your head It looks like real hair It looks like it's growing around on your scalp That's the key That's why even a millionaire is going to Charles out here The smart ones because they know that even for the greatest price in the world It can get a better look and head ahead Then from Charles out here in his natural hairline system He have nothing loose but that dig ugly balls But because everybody gets Charlie's 30 day guarantee If you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells Charlie gives you a full refut up to 30 days What can it look like what can go wrong So call today and take advantage of your $200 Neal Rogers discount and don't forget Charlie also services and repairs all types of air systems Line you wait for only 25 to 30 bucks Hey Richard will even pay the 25 to 30 bucks Go see Charlie we'd like to make you look a little bit less silly We can make you sound better We'll make you look better anyway And all you guys out there there's no obligation free consultation Charlie and his friends over there We'll show you just how much better and younger they can make you look so call today And sub an appointment at the Charles Alphi or studios toll free It's 1 800 321 2413 That's 1 800 321 2413 or check out their website everybody's on a web including Charlie at Charles Alphiere.com I I I You Is a butt ass smell it I Don't go Don't go Don't go Don't go Don't go Don't go I Don't go I'm out full Of the sausage and horse Hands That types of go renown So come size fuel Benton and gage in the vehicle today I I'm a crazy homophole Not that I mind it but I'm way too old I met the size of fear and death To do an interest with feet low My man friend Did it I'll visit make up with ginger or something And then ask him to rape my bun Oh There's no ever again So I would not feel for more spoon No And I would not be ashamed About a ginger and more gay union Just hold in the stroke in a way For me Go to your not my type Yes sound like a nine year old kid Only a much or many guy You don't notice That makes me lift my wing If ginger was a lover of mine I'd bury my oldest baby no Those of us inside is simply re-rerended To do No I would not be a sport home If I was not a closet of faith That's why your ginger and more gay union Would think me feel pity And hey Everybody follow my thousand balls Yeah ginger and more gay union Would make my sorrow pony ass Can say Yes If we had ginger and more gay union Then he wouldn't have to get me raped 1032 at 560 WCM We got another asker can show today What's your all time favorite dead recording artist so many dead recording artists And only four hours you know Here's the list so far Elvis Janice Chomplin John Lennon George Harrison How's he doing? He should be getting a lot of votes See that Roy Orbison Jim Morrison? Jimi Hendrix Morris Gibb He just died Marvin Gaye Jim Crochi Buddy Holly Frank Sinatra Fair Harry Chapin I don't want to influence the way they vote Frank Sinatra Fair Harry Chapin And Freddie Mercury During Garcia Karyn Carpenter Kurt Colbaine Frank Zampa Bob Marley Bobby Darren Somewhere beyond the seas That what is called Korymo Yeah I could look it up at a book Bob don't play bush boss Sam Cook Patchy Klein Otis Redding And And But I have five I found it I think he would work a thing When you say you don't stay there Nobody else but me I think he would work a thing When you say you don't care Nobody else but me I think he would work a thing I sure like Tim okay I like Tim a lot Rick Nelson So how's that vote coming So far we got 75 million votes 360 and already Holy moly man Otis Redding don't have none yet Well he just went on there But Huh? He doesn't have any Otis Patchy Klein's got one See? There you go Probably the guy who facts me that Rick Nelson's got it Rick Nelson is two votes Are you people out of your money He's only got two votes Jesus Christ Paula virgin Mary Get around the case Holy God Two votes Yeah Bobby forget about Mike Mayo's call Good night Sweet man I'm so lucky I'm going to go Jerry Garcia Mary Mary We never find so long Mary is so goodbye Take a look at that Jerry Garcia's got seven votes And Rick Nelson's got a pair A small pair Does that tell you what this town knows about music? Does that tell you what America's all about? Jerry Garcia in the grateful Then I will say this if wouldn't have been for them We wouldn't have been in Jerry's Haven't so many great ice cream flavors Wouldn't have no fish food because there wouldn't have been no fish Right? Well they might have named it something else Haven't we wouldn't have no cherry We wouldn't have no cherry Garcia Who wants beetle food? Oh, just a sound to that Beetle food Or something else Like sawdust do me Two votes I can play all of these songs You still don't get them any votes But I mean It's wrong with you Will I have been waiting ever since I guess my things is gotten to It's good I'll say this much though See because you'll recall that Azze and also being the genius That he wasn't as good as much credit Now that he's dead Any one he was alive And did the first TV music video Which was a travelman with Rick Nelson But when we were at the end of the show Rick once he started his musical career If the end of Azze and Harry did a week Rick would sing a song Whatever is current hit was When he really pissed me off as when he did this song Because I fasted on and over my favorite then And it's still one of my favorites today And this is cross the by hand Give him the and I'm an old but give me who you kidding man What are your dead What got the planes on the way I'm a little in your eyes I'm a little in your eyes I'm a little in your eyes I'm a little in your eyes I'm a little in your eyes I'm a little in your eyes I'm a little in your eyes I mean that's just you ain't no fat stomano sweet heart You look really good You look pretty damn good Let's take a look at it But I mean as far as fat and fat stomano He don't look good at all I mean he is pretty Chubby Chubby boy But what a great singer huh He's still alive sweet and not our list And it is matter fact Wait till that day when fat stomano meets his Marvin Maker huh And then we'll put him on listen to this pull again And if he doesn't get like a whole lot of votes I'm gonna be really indignant and pissed off that day More so than usual I'm gonna have my ass frosted and put him in Macy's window When you be pissed off If fat stomano and fat stomano In fact when we did the greatest Which one we've done so many of these I can't keep track How did he do? Don't recall Eric can look it up in between sandwiches and in between Add more names on list Hey listen we want to keep Eric busy up there He's always talking about how busy is Let's put him to the test He's not too busy to put these names on air And believe you me He shouldn't be Playing hooky to remember if we're gotten voice rights Michael Mayo in his morning's commentary on the Sun Sentinel He says the bar flies were sitting around Danny's last call on Monday Remembering a friend when someone brought up an old joke The first thing I do is read the old bits of my names Not there means I've got to get up Getting up never used to be a problem for my community When he ruled morning radio in South Florida He'd set the alarm clock for 3am Spring out of bed before the backup on offer 330 They need the offer to the WI of these studios We'd make waking up easier for the rest of us The old bits didn't do him justice He died January 3 to the age 60 A forgotten voice relegated to the fringes The Harold gave him 229 words The Sun Sentinel 300 Even the newspaper in Cleveland where he had his first big success Did better with 462 words Too bad the plane dealer couldn't spell his name right A great guy a generous guy said bar owner Dan Chai Chester Remember he used to talk about him? No I do Anything anybody asked he was there He was a very funny guy but not ha haf on he Assumer was a sarcastic dry subtle kind He wasn't afraid to have a cocktail And minaries last off a WJNA launched a crusade He created a summer holiday called Hookie Day His listeners met him at Captain Jack's ocean Frontickey bar in Poverty Beach And they drank the morning away We're doing this because August doesn't have any holidays Winner explained in 2000 I figured two three years max will have this declared legal holiday And everybody will get the day off Winnery wasn't an international pop star Like Morris Gibson was death didn't rate front page coverage Even in the region where he worked for 27 years He was just a solid guy who did a lot for the community He raised hundreds of thousands of dollars for local boys and girls clubs Including the organized wineries raiders volunteers who cleaned the public parks And he co-founded shoes for kids which collect sneakers for poor kids Winnery spent 17 years at WIOD The station at launch Larry King's career And was a former home to the arraggers and high goldburg The station rewarded him by firing him in 1993 Said he wasn't attracting enough young listeners Wouldn't even allow him a farewell show Even as Winnery bounced around the south Florida dial Leasing his own time over the past decade He maintained the loyal core of listeners Tactchester was one of them Their friendship was born 25 years ago when Tactchester owned civil restaurants And sent Winnery a case of smart Avacca for a 35th birthday Winnery repaid the favorite few years later By showing up on Tactchester's law that's six a.m. with the cross-brings high school marching band It was my 40th birthday, Tactchester said I knew something was up When I heard the dog making funny noises I opened the door and there's a hundred piece band Tactchester's bank old band and there's Mike with his headphones on Broadcasting he said Danny we put four cases of champagne and nicer You can make a party of it Now Tactchester's tiny party and fundraiser in his old friends memory It'll be February 20th from 5 to 10 p.m. with his new barn for Lauderdale 33 55 northeast 33th Street The 20 dollar check to the boys and girls club gets you all the chicken and ribs you can eat He knew Winnery hadn't been well for the past year Figured it was serious when Winnery gave up the booze Winnery was a less frequent part of the breakfast club Friends who would eat and drink after Winnery show Winnery step by Tactchester's new barn early December There was something wrong with this throat He said something about a tumor a few weeks later he was gone Dead after surgery Everyday it's somebody else said Tactchester We can hardly walk because of neuropathy I just wanted to do something for him Try to raise a few more grand for the boys and growth clubs I think we would have liked that and he had a hard of gold Nice going there Mike Mayo at least you made an attempt People as it was at least you made an attempt And the main point in there was here's a guy who did a lot for the community Ways the lot of money was a fixture for almost 30 years And he gets 300 words in the guy dance on Sentinel And 200 29 in the hero and is buried back on the obits paid so to speak Tom Jika of course being too busy He's out there in Hollywood again for the 500th time this year Already until they January Being whined and dying to write those puff pieces about the stupid Asked network shows and a bunch of crap He's one of the evil duers terrible Tommy He used to be a good guy but he's turning into an evil duer Traject I wonder if Tom Jika or anything way he gets back to Tom Only excuse me then George He'll be old news you think is that going to be the excuse That sounds good Yeah We hate you Tom Don't take it personal But we hate you like poison just like hand-cates mo 2011 at 560 WQAM Yay Ever been presented with opportunity when you should have put it over what it does Something but you just passed on it didn't do the right thing The billers in incredible fany main mortgage rate out there waiting for you right this moment A 3.45% This rates available by calling financial group toll free at 1 809 4053 63 If you were to compare a 7% rate with 3.45% It saved yourself 3,500 bucks in the first year alone for 800,000 dollars that you owe 100,000 dollars cost you only 447 bucks a month So here's an opportunity that won't last to say 40 year low So if you're thinking about refinancing or purchasing a home call financial group today And they'll explain to you how it works Call 1 809 4053 63 The process is simple and the call is free 1 809 40 L-E-N-D financial group has been an equal housing lender 1000 of our hours with a fany main program Credit restrictions do apply and rates are sub-ube change if you delay 5.34 APR Call financial group toll free today at 1 809 40 L-E-N-D I'm not a criminal This is Quartz Wittie in 5-6 You way am There's word about his pedophile Coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story We take a good, hard, stiff look and a start-up He was such a strange little mother People used to say he wasn't alien from another planet Well folks he was He was Gary Newman He was a young man He was a guy He was a guy He looked like he could suck the urine out of your bladder With the power of his mind below Bobby Lardman was a roadie for Gary Newman during his heyday After every show he thought she's it's still weird He like unzipped his skin And there was this spindly ass glowing alien from like closing counter I sh** my pants I'm not ashamed to say it In 1980, BBC rock critic Edward Upper Glass was sent to interview Gary Newman He has never returned But an audio tape was mysteriously delivered to BBC headquarters in London days later Wake up, and you're not the BBC What the fuck? What a crap Where's the monitor? Gary? Why am I stressed? The smuggler's table You always do interview me I also do certain things from you You're a great woman You're fat trope going up the floor Why did you? You're a dumbass, why sh**? So, Gary, who are you? Please look into this On the end of John and the B.J. Are you bleeding kidding me? No! Gary Newman, think about it You never see him and the being from outer space In this same photograph together It's a big juicy, softing wet look at show business Tonight, on inside of a hide Maybe he was a Rayleigh in after all It's a 1047 at 5.60 WQAM So, Eric facts is me a pool that we did back on some time I don't know when he was supposed But anyway, we did a pool we asked Which of these songs you like the best way 1834 votes? Man, it must be a weekend pool I'm assuming, and it was American pie one Why did he facts me this? Because I asked how fat stomano did Right, he facts you the two categories that he was in On poles that you did Aha! Okay Well, here's Harry Reem's biography Anybody interested? No, no Get him a body cut American pie one 243 Laila, owner of a lonely heart by yes Are you kidding me? Well, owner of a lonely heart It was okay Yeah Oh, and by the way, Stevie Ray Vaughan No, somebody's facts it about her I'll listen to it No, also Joe Strummer, no He answered his no But thanks for this suggestion Anyway, fat stomano is on here was a blueberry hill Was 29th And 21 votes I mean owner of a lonely heart piece of great balls of fire Dear God by STC Why did, why did we put that on there, even? I don't think I was here for that I mean we like it, but why did we put that? You weren't here for that? Higher and higher by Jackie Wilson Don't be mature crowd in house Oh, I see I see, I don't see Oh, and then it was the other one The best mail recording artist here we go Uh, Roy, orbson 147 Ellis had 141, and that pleasing to you That's pleasing to me Steve Tyler only 37 Freddie Mercury had 110 J Black 14, where's fat stomano had only 7 He's in such a different genre You know, he's such a whole different to thing There's your thing, he's got like a different thing I ain't seen it, and I really don't want to 560, 560, pound 560 on the ATFT And Verizon wireless line Here's a lady in Miami, hello Hi Niel Yes ma'am You know, you can affording not the number of words That the obituary lists for names And I'm not sure that the cause did everybody's aware That the newspapers charge you for those words The families I had no idea Yes In fact, my son No, no, wait a minute Well, I'm sorry hear that, but the fact is This was not a regular obituary Like a news story on the obit page Well, it's, yeah, but you know, they take every opportunity To make money anyway they can That's outrageous Yeah, they charge me $800 for an obituary for my son Oh my god And then they used it in the Spanish paper As information, it was a suicide And they took every opportunity to sell papers And they're still filling me for that I mean, it's ridiculous I can't believe that they've touched that amount of money 800 bucks to publish it in obituary That's $75, I think I would send it back to him and say good luck to you I was fighting it Good for you Anyway, I just want to let you know Okay, thanks Sorry Okay 567, depressing 567, 560, 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T and Verizon As far as I want to give me a look like that Now, let's see the stories that Mike Meill was referencing weren't You know, the regular obituary is what he started about The, like, these were, these were printed as news stories Because he was a celebrity But the point that Mike was making was then And accurately so because he's ripping it off from what I said Is that, uh, here's, I'm not going to go through it again If that's the case, why would anybody have an obituary printed The people that need to know are going to know Well, I'll tell you one thing, my father's obituary was like very, very short Just a few words Just a handful of words In fact, there were only two words that I saw on the story That, uh, satisfied me He died Yeah, that was enough for me I don't have to read the obit page anymore 567 I, you, I told you that before and I was a true Both newspapers that was the first thing I looked at I was a single day for years And then finally I'm up into honor I get a phone call I guess what your father died and I said I don't have to read the obits And I never understood the issue before Then I heard him call a talk show once Really? Yeah? Yeah, exactly Here's for a longer day, hello Yes sir How are you doing? Okay, I'm Sunday, uh, Maddoz and the magic And they said they were going to play a bunch of songs for the babies I didn't even get to hear them But I went and said, let him came back outside And what was the first song I played? Billionette, father Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah Oh, you see, I wasn't exaggerating There must be somebody over there Must have a fetish on that song Uh, how about two names? Frankie, alignment and mama calf Well, those are uh, marginal ones Okay, thanks Second ill What about mama calves? Frankie, alignment is not going to go on there Boca, Brian would vote for, uh I mean Frankie, alignment was okay In fact, I have that me, this gets got all this stuff on there Of course, we can't play because we don't got no many Many more This thing is being fictional This is, I leave it to be a little bit back But mama, caster, what do you think? No? Well, you got so many people that it's not Guys, and then and then and then Are gonna raid, then and then and then Right. I mean, she was all over Fine, and she was fat Love to it. Now, what's she choked on a sandwich? Something I think they just made that to the baby Like Mario Lanza, choked on a sandwich She gagged on it. She choked on her fat. Very good. The way to put it. She was big and fat. We don't have a lot of sympathy on the show for big fat people of Croca over their own fat. Now if I was skinny, I mean then I would have no credibility, but I'm fat myself. Does that make any sense? No. No, again, great it on the QAM curve. Although I do have pressure. Circulation in my feed my good podiatrist told me that yesterday thanks to Rimmer and my podiatrist friend. Today I have great circulation. In fact, I checked the hero's circulation. I got a bigger one than they got. 560, 1050, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50. We hate you with the hero by the way. Can't stand you. 1050, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. We do like Mike Mayo personally. He's not a bad guy, but it's columns generally blow. Although the Winnery one, thank you Mike. Thank you for at least being one voice, even though it was very, very, very lame. But at least being one voice to make the point to this guy after all he did and raise the money was a pretty good guy. deserve it a bit better. But this time, like after 20, it's unyielding man, they give you nothing back. Nothing back. Just like just like a couple of months ago when there were a bunch of assholes trying to like drum me off the ear and get all whipped up the Fox news thing. Anybody in this town even write about it? Did they even recognize it? No. No. Nothing. Zero, Zippity Duda. Here's Miami, hello. Yes, sir. Aida. Okay. About two pockets, Bob Marley. Bob Marley's on her, sir. About two pockets. How about a six pocket? No, not two, two pockets. I mean, he could be your favorite day of the corner as he wouldn't get like an off-road Stephen Count, right? Do you want to put him on there just for fun? No, I don't. I don't. I don't. I'm not putting two pockets on there with all these other great recording artists like Jerry Garcia. Come on, and be side of you put two pockets. And then we got to put big on it. We got to put big on it. Biggie and six, two pockets. No, sorry. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line, John Lennon's running away with it since we played the develop of your areoculonal, anal. 71 votes, Frank Sinatra 42, but at just frost my ass. Frank Freak in Sinatra. Jimmy Henry's 41, isn't that Chuck you, that Jimmy's in third place? Other than purple haze, name me a hit by Jimmy Hendrix. Hey Joe. Hey Joe mama? I thought hey Joe was by the leaves. Are you experienced by the maple leaves? Yes. Let me look in a book here. I think you're making those up. No, not making it. No, I know the songs, but I mean are those hits? Oh, those were hits. I don't know. What's a hit? I've which chart the obscure rock chart. On a pop charts. Jimmy Hendrix along the watch star. Yeah, that was pretty good. Up from the skies. Foxy lady. How could we have gotten that? Because we're old and that was even bigger than purple. No, it was not. In fact, none of them were big. Along the watch star made it up to number 20, all of his other songs, the biggest one, the highest it ever got in on top 100, was cross town traffic 52. The Jimmy Hendrix experience don't even know that. 68, never heard of it. Dolly dagger, freedom, and that's it. He didn't exactly have like a whole, but he's number three on the list and right on some out for Zass. I'll tell you that right now. Yeah, he said it's guitar on fire, but not the world. I could, you know, that thing about take it or leave it, I could leave him easily. You know, likewise. And Janice, job one. Oh, me and Pablo, me and Pablo, me and Pablo, me and Pablo, me and Pablo, I love that Janice job one, but we got about the, you know, the Avon lady. Yeah, just a screamer. She was the female Bruce Springsteen. Very good. Screamer. Just made a lot. Oh, he was great, no. That's a singer. Probably face ugly boy. Oh, and she's been dead a long time. No, thank you for that. Because you made a great, it's a more than a grotesque screaming. No, I wonder that bit. Okay, just relax. I'll find it for you. I mean, how many Janice Droughtlin bits do we have? I'm sure it's in the book. Not a man. And we got the whole ACM library back there. And in my door in Toronto. 1056 and 560 WQ, and let me tell you again, everybody in their brother tells you they're going to help you lose weight. They got the pills that you take that don't work. And they got that stuff you're supposed to drink that makes you like your brains out over the weekend. You're supposed to lose 10 or 20 pounds in two days. And of course you can't. If you want to lose weight, the delicious and the safe and the sane way, do it with balance for life. A real weight loss program. Not some crazy fat that doesn't work after all. The beast is lost 60 pounds and balance for life. And lots of other folks around here have lost some weight on it too. And you can do the same. Even more if you have to. So if you have just a few pounds to lose or maybe 100 or 200, balance for life is a simple way to do it because they do all the work. It's based on the principles and the knowledge of the zone diet by Dr. Barry Sears and the Brian Sears. And believe you, me. So easy that even anybody can do it because it's a little black sack. They deliver it right to you by six o'clock in the morning. You tell where you want it delivered and there'll be there. And in your black sack is food for the whole day. Three delicious gourmet meals just pop those deals in the microwave and you've got a fantastic minute. And nothing froze to artificial. By the way, it's all fresh delicious food. Plus two delicious snacks right in that black sack. And that's it. And tons and tons of food in there to keep you full all day long. In fact, some days you'll have trouble eating all of the food. So let balance for life. We lose the weight and live up to news resolution. Not only look better this year but getting better health to calm at 9.5 4 5 6 8 32 29. That's 9 5 4 5 6 8 32 29 are check them out on the worldwide wicked web if you like balance for life dot com. My and local your sports video 5 60 2 a 2 a a Yeah. Now what they'll happen there, George. What I pressed the button and it went holy cow. I'm here in the room. Tonight on e don't miss a very special episode of Ringo's Stardates. Hi, man. Take your order. I'll order with a boat of us if you don't mind. Okay, ring up. A little lady here will have the yellow submarine sandwich. Non go to have the chicken special. Why did dark meat talk? Of course, as you know, I prefer a drumstick. Oh, my gosh, you're really. I love my new wife. Thank you. That's all tonight on a very special Ringo. Stardates. Good to think we need a lot more of those shows on here. No, Stardates, Star search star uh Jones. I mean, well, what's it all about, man? What is it going to stop? It's not to run the score. It's reality TV isn't it? No, it's a polycraft. It's a polycontribut which is what they specialize in. Contribut here's two passes from Adrian. Adrian, get off my case already sweetheart. How about Bob Marley. He's on their mind Bob Marley. How's he doing? Maybe maybe Eric didn't put Bob Marley on there yet. Ah, like I said, my apologies to Adrian because a yo Adrian, we screwed up. Get with it, Eric. Okay, it's into great that you're facts me. There's other things that I can't make heads or tails of. Thank you so much. But let's get Bob Marley on there. Because if we leave Bob Marley, it's going to piss off a lot of books. Here's today's Greg Facts, which is just in time because I noticed we only have a couple of calls on a board. It's only 1102. And I'd dog it one in a studio. Hank is doing his game at the heat. It says that the AAA arena. Oh, I sure hope it doesn't sound like the last shows he did at the AAA arena. Remember that? Sound like he was talking through a tin horn. Then we got the big, he's doing a show at the senior ball. That's seven o'clock, which we didn't even know there was a senior. I guess I did. And then a ten to say he came from GA with all our gambling stuff. Joe and Mark overnight to talk about Pompano Park and how they can't talk about it. Do we ever find out what that was about? Joe and Denial as he denying that. And we'd like Joe a lot, Joe Costello, but he's lately. I think since that wedding a little strange, you know? A little bit on the strange side. Here's Greg's Facts for today. Yesterday's Facts were so good. I don't think he can outdo it. He's really moved up in our estimation light years. Hasn't it even you or Sammy? Sure. No, you're not. Well, it doesn't bug me like he bugs you. No, because he doesn't have a fetish for you. I've got to write anyway. It says I don't care what the final results of his pull are. The best thing you ever did to realize is Jim Morrison. See now he's sucking up to me. Just like Mo is trying, hey, we're monitoring you, Mo. I hear all that sucking around. I'll be stopped doing that for a few days. Since I told him to blow it out as old as. It says the doors are a group that were way before their time. If the same group would come out today, they would have dominated even more than they did in the 60s. Also, I'm not sure you agree, but I happen to think the doors the movie is absolutely incredible. Val, come or did they dead on Jim, who could have done better? Except maybe what's his name? Does the news and I would think my former producer that knit what John Levitt? Who used to travel with the doors? And then he used to slam doors in his faces, what I'm hearing? John Levitt. I heard him also when I was listening to that spooky guy that guy would have ghost on I would be last night, what's his name? I don't know. You told me before. Carlos that came from him. But anyway, and I heard the newscast. There was John Levitt. My friends in the Jewish community and my friends in the light and community. Oh, get out of here, John. Man. Anyways, as I've seen that movie hundreds of times, and guard that DVD with my life's his Greg, he seen the movie hundreds of times. Even the godfather and network as many times as I've seen those movies, I certainly could have seen them hundreds of times. I would say that anybody who has seen any movie, except maybe Debbie does Dallas, a hundreds of times has some kind of neurotic problem. I'm sorry, Greg. It says there are the only music from the 60s that I love. See what there's more problems. See what I'm saying? You probably don't remember what I sang a song parody on your show spelled P-I-P-A-R-I-T-Y. See, parody is what we have in the National Football League. All mediocre teams. P-I-D is P-I-R-O-D-Y. See, I learned something already today, Greg. Not parody, but parody. Have you got it? Oh. I sang a song parody on your show about seven or eight years ago, using light my fire title Schula time to retire. Never that? Yeah, no. No. P-I-S, it would make my day if you could do it. Your Ross Pearl impression, please. No. So there's Greg and who, you know, I can tell that anyone be as good as yesterday, because yesterday's was as close to perfection. And it was good timing to run on the hills of Morris Gibb passing away. So today, naturally, you don't want to do too good because then I'd like to live up to that every single day. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's a call from Davy. Hello. Davy. Okay, so that leaves us with one call on the board. What a nasty kettle of fish we got here now, you know? Last call is from Miami, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes? What about Kurt Cobain? He's on there. What about me? Well, wait a minute. Maybe, now let me check. See, I'm just going to put him on. Let's see. Kurt Cobain, there he is. Got eight votes. Hey, votes. Okay. I also have got the BG. I mean, I'm not a big fan of the BG. I mean, it just bothers me the way that guy sings like a white woman with that high pitch voice. Right. I mean, I can't stop all settle. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. Yeah. Yeah. And after that, it stops. And yeah, I mean, I can take her a lever, but for the most part, I don't think it's about her voice. I mean, if you want to listen to somebody just for the voice, very polished. I mean, you might as well listen to Julie Andrews. It's about what you know, the rawness. You know, the rawness? Yeah, the rawness, the edgyness, the lack of production. I mean, sometimes you can have like an open source somewhere in your body and it's really raw, but you don't enjoy the rawness. I mean, like, I'm not sure if it's. Even as far as the goboard goes, I mean, most of the artists on the goboard are probably, you know, crappy, over polished pop stars, like, you know, the boy bands and all that crap. Right. And like, oh, town. Oh, exactly. And I mean, I think George knows the most of the good music out there doesn't even make it to the top. Of the charge at all. Yeah. So, you know, that's like, so, so what you're trying to say that Jan and Chaplin was great because she was like, like, Yeah, like that. Yeah. I mean, I don't even listen to them. I think you have to be really stone to really drunk to really listen to them. No, you're getting warmer. Okay. Now, yeah, you're somewhere on it. I'll admit it, but, I mean, as far as I mean, I think she's a lot better than that, you know, Brittany Bichor, you know, well, now you're talking. Blasting power, you know? Mm-hmm. All right, you can meal. Love you. There you go. He made a couple of good points. I'm not really not sure what they were, but he said Jan is Chaplin was great. And if she came door to door selling as the Abon lady, he'd open it wide in the door too. And then kick her ass out. Well, maybe he never saw her. You see her? Oh, yeah. Man, she made Darine look good. Five, six, seven, oh, five. Well, five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the A to. Just a joke, Darine, just relax back there. Why would I have to have you iron a building? I have no idea where anybody is in a building now. You know what? Just as well. Probably just as well. I know what the sales holes are way back there. That way, everything is done. And for PD Lenny's saying to me this morning, heavy metal who sales guy at Barweight and he made this fruitcake. You know, that's stuff. He's talking about other sales people, PD Lenny. Boy, do you see that routine he went through getting on the scale here? Do you see that routine? No. Took off his jacket. Took out his keys. Took out his wallet. Lay that on the table over there. Wait about 45 pounds of wallet. Then he goes over there. I'm doing great. I'm doing great. I need two pounds, soking wet. He's red rough and sore. I get red rough and sore. Just seeing him waddle in there in the morning. He just, that's one of the things about not being here. That's the best. That is the best. Not having to lay my eyes on PD Lenny. It just makes me feel like a real human being. So he doesn't like the BGs because they're muted. Well, I mentioned that yesterday that it wasn't exactly what you called your Machu group, but it's fun to that. I will say this in our pool, which we got a pretty good bunch of Machu guys out there. At least here for them. They did very well. Did you think they did better than expected? Better than expected. Right. Especially with the sour ass hateful audience. We got a people who were, and didn't that guy say that it was very Negatorid that phony shrinked the call the other day. Right. That's starting up his crap again. It's Negatorid. When we want to feed Negatorid. When we want to feed positive, like about the BGs, it was mostly positive. So there he goes. The NME. That's the way life really is. This isn't one of those like hearts and flowers shows where we try to smooth everything over like Jonathan Edwards. Paula Crap. Here's for Lauderdale. Hey, what's up there Chief? Yes sir. How about DJ, Jam Master, James? Oh yeah. No? No chance. He didn't collaborate with our shmith and we can go there. Is there a career? Did we give we kinkled their career? No. No, he did not reccynled their career. I think so. I think so. I think so. Did you hear that? He reccynled their osmith's career. I think this guy's maybe a little jaded in his view, don't you? Erosmith has been hot again. What was the movie that they did the thing from? And that's, I mean, it's just one. I just mentioned that in passing. The F. Hollow, the astronaut movie. Yeah, what a pilot. Whatever it was. They don't want to be. Armageddon. Something like that. Armageddon. Rekindle, Erosmith's career. Sure, I've heard a lot of her talking about the run DMC thing, but that came from Stevie Tyler himself. Yeah. That they were basically done until that phone call came in. Yeah. Well, I told him that we kindled his career. Stevie Tyler. But was, was that the guy that died? Does he even have the right guy? I, yeah. That's the one that just died here a couple of weeks ago. He died. Exactly. And it was, in fact, it was like a couple of months ago. I'm sorry. Don't you remember people calling him were correcting us on which, uh, I can't keep track of all these rappers, man. I can't keep track of rappers. It's like having 600 various candy bars assorted in your, uh, on a floor. And then you try to like keep track of the rappers. You just can't do it. Although I do like a Clark bar, if you know him, they still make those. So, he ever had a Clark bar? Sure. Oh, I don't know what it is about a Clark bar, but I sure do like a Clark bar. It's like the heat bars better. Yeah. And the escort. Ooh. Everybody likes to score. Man. And what's really the difference? Let's get 50 of men here tomorrow and, uh, I'll eat 20 of each. And you'll eat like, huh? And then they'll carry me out of here. Right. We'll have the, we can take that one. The best day of the touch. Oh, I could just die today on the air. Man. I do like a good Heath bar in a score bar. And they're, they're real thin and there's not much to them. So even though they just pure sugar, it would be like taking an injecting liquid sugar into your veins. They're so pure sugar. But they don't satisfy you because they're so small. Right. Now somebody brought home the other day from Doris Market, a chocolate can only. That was just sitting there on a counter. Like, again, like the cheese and the trap-aates. Didn't need it. Didn't, I looked at it. I looked at it and I said, oh, man. Didn't touch it, though. Good. Well, no, I take that back. I did like Connie didn't and Godfather 3. Remember the like, well, a little light. Oh, you have some years so skinny and, and come in with that little, and you know something. Just that little tiny bit. I could tell that was 400% sugar. Sure. If I were to eat that whole thing, my blood sugar would have been 45,000. Fulminous after 11 at 560 WQA, a lot of dead recording artists out there. A lot of people dying lately. And then, of course, we got the present who wants to see a lot more people dying as soon as possible. Anyway, if you're dying because you're too fat, there's a place called Elias a West Boca that's dedicated to Hope you stay on your diet, whatever it might be. Because the entire story is loaded with low carb and sugar free and no raw carb items. Over 600 to be exact. To be, uh, generic. Over 600 delicious low carb food products, like their brand new low carb crunchy vanilla by black semile, and two scrumptious flavors with only one or two carbs per serving. And if you're on the Eccans that you know that keep in those carbs way way down is the secret to lose in the weight. Quickly. So whether it's carbohydrates, cream, bread, chips, muffins, cheesecakes, pasta, and sauces, The Elias a West Boca is the place. The entire story is dedicated to you and your low carb needs. And they're open every day, seven days a week from 10 to 10. You can try anything in the story before you have to buy it. And they carry the most complete line of Eccans brand products. They got all the books. They got the vitamins. They got it all for you. So if you're excited about the Eccans diet, if you've been successful on it, but you're frustrated because your supermarket only has about three items in there that you can eat on the Eccans. Here's the deal. Head forward to the lights because you'll find all kinds of goodies to help you stay on the street in narrow or path. The Elias a West Boca, they're on the Northeastern corner of Glades in 441. Right next to Boston Market, they're calling them tool free. 1-877 low carb, or check them out on the Wicked World Wide Web at lowcarb.com. The Elias a West Boca, they want it only. Your official Atkins Retail Center. My life and low car. This is 42560. You wait anyway. What's up, Alex? Cool, baby. Let's turn this mother out. Pop the match of rapper is on my TV. No one heard of him before. All his name is Bob Daddy. I said that's Bob the match of rapper. He's all over MTV. Only because of one shot low-pory spi-i-g. And I may be someone to tell him making it this way as long. Taking at your dead best friend. I'm not sure if he's gonna be a good guy. I'm not sure if he's gonna be a good guy. I'm not sure if he's gonna be a good guy. I'm not sure if he's gonna be a good guy. Taking at your dead best friend. Taking flash and fall. Still doggy doggy dog. On the ball track. I'll go into his tracks and after his fall. I'm the third place. But now that I've played that, that'll like plant the seeds in their mind again. How about the seeds pushing too hard? It might be dead. One or more of them. 11 17 at 560 WQM. Here's a facts from Uncle Bill from World Palm Beach. Who says someone has been stuffing hairpieces inside all the dolphins' Docsdrefs any idea who's been doing this. P.S. Can't wait until baseball season's far to listen to the lovable Crow. It says God the allowed rather eat fire ants than listen to him. In rather eat fire ants. He'd rather take a fire ant bath than listen to the Crow. Well that's the way it go. How is the vote coming? Who's your all-time favorite dead recording artist? John 1179. Jimmy 1163. Oh see that's just a still hit me. See Jimmy 1163. Is that going to be the funny vote now? Do you think Jimmy 1162? Sure. Jimmy 1163. Frank's not for 55. Jim Morrison 41. That should be much hard in that. Elvis 29. Freddie Mercury 28. Jim Crow 27. Not too bad. Marvin G21. See and we didn't ask who the best. Ah. We didn't ask for the best. I purposely did that. We asked who's your favorite. Which doesn't mean that they're necessarily the best. For example, I think that Jim Marvin G21 was better than some of these other ones above him, but not necessarily somebody's favorite. Paul, I'm saying does that make any sense? Maybe a little bit. There's a difference. It's not like food. If you were to say what's your favorite flavor of ice cream, then that would be the one you think is the best. Right? Right. Okay. Anyway, Marvin G22. Frank's app of 20. Roy the boys got 19. If we had more of that, Roy instead of that awful thing that you played. If we had something good, like you got it. Only the lonely. The good were a wish and stuff. Right. Well, no, no, no, no. 20. Jerry Garcia 14. Karen Carpenter 13. That surprises me. Karen Carpenter's got 13. Let's hear for Kara. Let's have some errand for lunch. Maurice Gibb has got 11 more of some errands. So sorry, Morris. George Harrison 9. Kurt Cobain 8. Harry Chapin 7. Rick Nelson and Buddy Holly and Janice Jaffle each have five. Don't let me forget to play that Janice Jaffle thing. And Bob Marley's got four of them on and patchy climbs. I got three. Otis Redding's only got a pair. He's still sitting on the bucket of bay. And Del Rey. Waiting for his ship to come in. I don't think. I mean, with all due respect. Otis Redding. Otis Redding was. I mean, what was the big deal with him? That was a good song. Yeah, that's it. Yeah. What else can we say about him? He wasn't like. Oh. He wasn't like Jackie Wilson. I was just about. I'll say I'm Jackie Wilson's not on there. Oh, sorry, Eric. Jackie Wilson must go on there. How come we're not a few people called in with a great Jackie Wilson? I noticed this was on that one of those other polls that are. It affects me. Right? Got a bunch of votes. Jackie Wilson was great. Higher and higher. Oh. What is wrong with you, folks? Man. And it and their facts me that all these marginal subhuman people. Some of the names have been facts that I'm embarrassed for you. Humiliating and degraded. Stevie Ray. Ah, Steve Ray Vaughan. I'd rather vote for Billy Vaughan. Really Vaughan? Dot records? No. He was he was to dot records with Ray Conifors to Columbia. He did all the music on the dot-work on a path to one step. And he actually had a couple of his sail along Silverie Moon by a member of that shirt. Billy Vaughan. Dad and dad and dad and dad would add saxophone. Yeah, he was like a bummer. He was a big sax man. Oh, here you go. What about? Ha ha ha. Maybe your psychic powers are kicking in because here the fact that says. From Scott and Titusville, who generally has something useful, but today made an exception. What about Stevie Ray Vaughan? The answer is still no Scott. No chance. Or did Ed members of Leonard Skitterd, which we had that before now? It's at only if the back door street boys with crashing a mountain and doesn't Michael Jackson Count is dead because he sure looks like it. A lot of weeks out of day Scott. Little wait, but it is going to be a kind of a week Tuesday. That's what I heard when I was monitoring. Mo this morning. Said it's kind of a week Tuesday. Here's a fast from your favorite Tim Pots, which you don't put his name on there because he thinks that I know. I know your fax is okay, Tim. You're not full and made Tim. Tim Pots. Pretty soon you won't have no pots to a hissing if you know cut the crap. It says you probably don't know the first of it. They weren't tough for a while and the musical be missed by millions. I don't know the first two lanes. Stanley, Allison, change and Steve Clark, they've levered your right. What do you say? No. John Bonham led Zephym, boy. You ought to see the way he spelled John Bonham. And Keith Loone of the who? Oh, speaking of that, that's not good to put who people on there right now. So I could, you know, Pete Townsend said, Uh-huh. What about John, that's what's all of the who? No, which is tight. No. No, see a group like that. It's very hard. And you know, it would be like to put none like Carl or Dennis Wilson from the Beach Boys. Right. Can't do it. And besides the who, you know, besides the lead singer and Pete who is, you know, the guitarist and writer. Did you mention Pete Townsend and you won't stop it? The BG is a sold more records than any of the group of the Beatles. Not only did they write number one soundtrack of all time, so they're in a fever. They also wrote that number one single from a soundtrack Greece. And you know, I don't know why I wouldn't play that. You know, no, who sings that or will be Newton John and they don't sing that. Yeah, they do. It doesn't even sing that. I think Frankie Valley sings that on the record and in the movie. No, they don't sing that song. They sing some or love it and all. Oh, summer level was songs. No, no, no, no, no, no. Oh, boy, if you think I don't like his acting, you're the, here what I think about his singing. He has a record. You man, can he sing or what? No. That John revolt a. Here's another facts with little tiny handwriting on it from Arnold. It said, what is with that douche bag? George, the spick. He acts all cool. The nice on the air, but he's rude. I'm not just when somebody calls on the phone. Right. It won't let you get someone in without hanging up. It says, if you George, you suck. If you back on the mic all, you miserable. This is great. Oh, he's one of many people who wants to have a conversation with me off the earth. No, we don't. If I see George having a conversation with anybody on the air, I immediately throw rocks through the window. Explain that on the air a lot. This is a talk show. And the only people supposed to call in are either Rimmer or people who have something to say to me. He's the guy that calls up and says, I don't really want to go on the air, but. And that's not. No, no, no, no, no, no. Arnold, Arnold, sorry. We don't play that game. If you want to call George, I give you his home number and his cell phone. And the number to smoke. So nice to you on the phone. I give the number to both of you. I mean, we're we're we're. Young used to this. This is me last week. You mentioned the Frank Zephasong titties and beer. It's off the live in New York. I've noticed for Frank Zepa. But, but still, I wasn't that album. I had nothing to do with the song that I keep thinking which I'll play in a minute. It's live at the rocks here. Something I, you know, I'm sure that song is like a take off. I don't know. Maybe I could be wrong. But nobody, it's a parody on something. P.S. George, I dedicate the song who are you by the who to you because you're so phony with your split personality. Take care Arnold. I don't get splurged. I guess he's taking care of me because it says no on the top. It doesn't mean you take care. He's thinking in your case, take a good. Which he already did this morning is what the report was. And it was great. I do the job I'm supposed to do in whatever room I'm in. Arnold. Yeah. Arnold. Here's John Antwistel from the who just died. So what? Excellent. Thanks. Thank you from somebody who's asked about 600 different names today, but it's having a real good time. That's what we hear for just like our good friends, sunny from the market used to say, we're here not for a long time, but for a good time. And that's what we're having today. A wonderful time. Have any of correct that anymore this music yet, including a John and your Colo onel? Amel? I'm final? 5. 5. 6. 7. 5. 6. I can't believe that. That song, can you? No. I mean, here's number one, Beatles hits. And to pick that song is like 27 hits on here. And there's some bubblegum. Some of the early crap that I really wouldn't wish this on Hitler. Love me, do. For me, do you? She loves you. You know how they all end? Like in do and you and me and you and a dog named Boo and do. And do. And do. I'm gonna hold your hand. Bubblegum. But then can't find me love hard days night. I feel fine eight days a week. Take it to ride. HEP. You have today. Day trip or we can work it out. Paperback writer. Yellow submarine. Elina Rigby. Penny Lane. All you need is love. Hello good bye. Lady Madonna. Lady vagina. Hey Jude. Get back. The ballad of John and your Colo. Something come together. Let it be in the long and winding road. Then there was always why don't we do it in a road. On the way out. Was that on the right? Yes. I played that on here and call him as a rockie. I love rockie. I could have Martha my deal. Oh great. Not a lot of people like Martha my deal. Why not? I don't know. What's wrong with Martha my deal. Well you know something tough crap. I think if you don't like Martha my deal, you're probably a communist infiltrator. We're going to deport you immediately. In fact, a nice sense is what they're going to do is put a little question on the bottom. They're going to a little trap. How much do you like Martha my deal by the Beatles? And if it isn't like at least a nine on a scale of ten, they're going to come and take your ass and put you on a rubber rat and get your ass out of here. And I say more power to him. Because that's the kind of government we're dealing with now. You bet. Hey, another year's coming gone. It's the new year. And if you want to new you and a new house, new looking house. Here's the answer for instead of going out and spending a portion on brand new carpeting. Car good buddies at drug concerts. I've been using them in my house for over 20 years. So it's the voice of experience telling you, especially I've seen the job they've done in my mother's house and over the place. Not just in my place. That when they finished cleaning your carpets, it looked just like he had brand new laden the floor. All your friends and family, they'll think boy, they got new carpeting in there. They must really be making some big bucks. Like the rumors. Drive concepts is the only service that drag pin your carpets, your drapes expensive air irugs and believe me. Like I said, nobody in the world is a better job. They're certified by the Institute of Inspection Cleaning and Restoration. And they leave your carpets completely soil free, vibrant and color soft in the touch. Smelling them any fresh, they dry in a couple of hours. And you're ready to rock and roll again. You'll have the biggest smile on your pussy ever saw in your life. They show up on time and do a stupidness and beautiful job. So don't forget when it's time to clean your carpets, your posterior leather furniture. It's time for dry concepts. You want to get one of those pet odors or milled waters caused by water damage. No problem because dry concepts will do a usual stupidness job for you as always. So pick up that phone and call dry concepts tool free, pick it up at 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071 or just log on to their website at www.dragconcepts.com. Trust me when I tell you they're the best in the world. Clean today and attain tonight when you get a great job done for you as they always do. By our friends at dry concepts. My life and look all this is 4-2560. We're going to weigh in 2-800. There's a butt-ass melon and now another edition of Waj. Today, what if Jan is jublin were an avon lady? Well, man, it's... Yes, man, help you. Be careful, baby. Be careful, baby. Be careful, baby. Buh-bye, baby. Be careful, baby. Be careful, baby. Be careful, baby. Be careful, baby. Be careful, baby. What if Nancy Reagan lost weight? Let's vote in just a moment. It appears that the first lady has disappeared. We're next we ask. Watch him. Perfect cross-brain isn't happy with your decision on Mama Cance. He says, what about the sandwich eating Mama Cance and also Stevie Ray Vaughan? They won't let Stevie Ray Vaughan alone. I did not know that aerosomate square was revitalized by Rundee MC. I thought it was Stevie Ray Vaughan. The Stevie Ray Vaughan revitalized Mama Cance's career by Jan Kianette Sandwich out of her throat. He reached right in there and he anchored out. And the sandwich too. So there you go. Okay, oh, yeah. What am I going to tell you? 560, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050 on the 18th. We got an alert by the way for Fony votes. It's alert on Jimmy Hendrix. After we had that little thing and I looked it up in the book, we had a Jimmy Hendrix flurry there. An experience. Yeah, Jimmy Hendrix experience. And I think Jimmy Hendrix is getting a big big big buzzer when a sky is what he's getting from us. Because John Lennon's got 83 and Jimmy Hendrix. All of a sudden, I don't know where he's got 70. Anybody buying that? No way. That's all the people out there. Still do an magic mushrooms that they had shipped in from Amsterdam. Jackie Wilson's on a poll. I don't have any yet. He'll get some. 512 votes already and most of them seem to be real. Couple them. Otis Reading a pair. Patsy Klein for Janice Joplin. Rick Nelson and Buddy Holly 5. See that that's just. Do you realize how ridiculous that is? That Janice Joplin is tied with Rick Nelson and Buddy Holly. I mean, it's just outrageous. Buddy Holly who wasn't around that long because he died in that plain crash. But he was considered to be one of the early pioneers indeed. Kind of like baby Crocodone Daniel Boone. Thank you came from the same town. But I'm sure you must have had many in argument. And I'd like to point out by the way, Elvis Presley is not from Tennessee. He's from Tuple, Mississippi. I just mentioned that for the idiots there on a VH1. Oh, anyway, I had arguments about what? Janice Joplin taught people argue that point with you all the time. At point. You mean, one of the guys said, and then they said, oh, no, she was great. No, no, no. All the time. Really? Oh, she was great. Great. What? A great singer, a great performer. Oh, the same people say that who said that Bruce Springsteen is a singer. Not just a great defect that they say he's a singer at all. I find very amusing. Couldn't sing his right of a paper sack. And to watch him exploit the tragedy of 911, the way he's done. And Wavini American flag and go through this whole dog and pony show to try to revive a flagging career. If I can use that word, just really pisses me off. Bruce Freak and Springsteen. I think he's been blinded by his blight, if he asked me. He couldn't look man for man's ass. Irish Springsteen. Asses. I was just thinking of old Irish Springsteen. Oh, Irish Springsteen is that on here? I think it's ACN. Oh, it's in the thing. It's in your thing. Anyway, the fact that Rick Nelson and the Buddy Holly have to be settled with Janice Joplin who's going door to door to try to sell personal care products to Carlos to an illusion to shower in the abatab. Seriously, you should have seen when I went in to take a leak a 25-year-old. I'll never forget it. And he's got like all these stuff around him. Like he's at home. Some people bathe before they leave in the morning. Yeah, that's really a good idea. Mom, he doesn't have a tub at the house. What? Is he living water? We know if he lives like in a place. And it's car, I think. Does he live in his car? Does he have a car? He has a car. Oh, what kind of car does he have? Little one. He has a little over at Nelson. Just moved ahead of Janice Joplin. Thank you. I've had a surprise to send you. I do. We have nothing. Harry, shape and eight. George Harrison's only nine. George Harrison's got only nine. What's wrong with you, people? He died that long ago. Even if we only wanted to vote on like my sweet Lord. And what's the other one they would I love? George Harrison's song. The George Martin thing. Got my mindset on you. Okay, very good. Oh, very good. And there are a lot of people. That's commercial crap that said like that George Martin. And he allows all of it same crap. How was it? It was great. I played that on Zeta was coming out of my ears. It's Zeta. Because I loved it. Better than that crap. P.D. Bulger wanted us to play. You idiot. You was sassin. You grave robber. Kirk Cobain. 10 Morris give 11 Bob Marley's got 11 months. See Bob Marley's on. What do you what you people be talking about? Karen Carpet has got 13. A lucky number for us. And unlucky one for her though. Jerry Garcia's got 16. Roy Orbison 19. Frank's that between two. I guarantee you, Robby, do a bit if we have some good stuff. Like you got it. You got it. Frank's that twenty two Marvin G. twenty four. Jim Crochi twenty nine. Thank you again to Muff and a little robber for the Jim Crochi stuff. And we never got that many votes. And you want to know what really put them over? Got them that many votes? What? Big Badly were a brown. Oh yeah. Well this is the kind of place when that would be. Almost ever America is the kind of a play. Oh yeah. It's great. But it's a little on the red deck. He said. Oh, I've said isn't the derauguin. No slam round. He could actually burn the city. Have you got your part? He already told me that I didn't credit. That was a talk of the work of the week. He was one of those contrived 40 talk ups. Ricky Tickie. Oh, that's a cute thing. We got a 40 degree in the magic city that day. What is that under that thing? I was experiencing no no they the talk up thing. I think it's under Ricky Tickie. No it's because that's not Ricky Tickie. You're I you're losing it just before I really thought you were like make it a comeback. That's not under Ricky Tickie. The cart that it was on had just a question mark on the front of the camera. Remember the label? Right a question mark on it. Is that amazing that we can remember with our brilliant minds all of this unimportant crap? It's almost like remembering Harold Snoggrass at Hazel Park and your light hill and Jack McCerman and Jimmy Arthur. But anyway, here comes that land at George on the outside and here on a far outside is Candid Rodney just mowing them down. Remember Candid Rodney of course not. So, so, so, Candid Rodney that did that talk up if it wasn't Ricky Tickie. It wasn't him. It was it was a phony it was a was contrived for our benefit. It was somebody at the the coast. Inside the IOD building. Don't you remember that? Of course. That wasn't Ricky Tickie. That wasn't a real thing. And then the burden I were like laughing. Oh, wasn't it on the phone? It had to be on the phone. Is that's when we cracked up when he hit the post? Even the panthers haven't hit the post is off. Of course, when you only got 12 shots, how many times are going to hit the post anyway? But hitting the post, don't count as a shot. I know that. Don't call it. It's stuck in me information. Okay. I know my hockey crap. And believe me, crap is the word they've been playing. A call from Kansas City. Hello. And you know how you doing? Pretty good. How about Robert Harrison at Kansas City? You bad. Are you two living South Florida? Listen to me now. Get you on the net. Right. Hey, a little bit of my thunder earlier. I was going to nominate Carl Wilson. But never when you left out, really major artists of Sam Cook. Not just to put them under. Oh, you did Adam on. And shame on us. No, that's because somebody facts them in. Or maybe not. There's so many of them. You can't. Can't have your thumb on everyone. Yeah, I'll leave you with one more. I think we could nominate key for it. I think he's dead. He just doesn't know it. Okay. Have a good one. Thanks. And don't. I'm not sure why he's not recording artists. All we did have an album. A couple of them. 560, 560, pound 560, out of 18, 10, rise and marvelous line. Jackie Wilson, we just added on there. The list keeps it keeps getting bigger and bigger. That's the way we like it. It keeps expanding like a wild out of control of thing. Where's that thing? Where, um, where the hell is that? Or Jennifer says, it just keeps getting bigger. Yeah. What's going on with Jennifer by the way? Do we know how it heard from her? It was. I want to thought she would have called after my we heard from Terry Griffin after I might die. And we heard from Ricky Tickey, which you're knocking now. No, that thing isn't there. I just don't know what it's under. We're just kind of hard. No, no, no. You don't know what it's under. I thought it was Ricky Tickey. All of these years you thought that was Ricky Tickey was a real real Ricky Tickey. But that's what I thought they were making fun of. And that's what I thought it was labeled as. No. It had a question mark on a member question mark on a mysterious. Oh, I have a feeling he's probably still alive. I'll tell you again. He was from Sagittal, Michigan. Remember we had to look that up because there were others who were questioning my. Knowledge. My question mark knowledge. I know my question marks. Okay. Twenty-till noon at five. Sixty. I'm a QAM. We got the mad dog at one. We got the hopper from the AAA arena where the heater losing every game that they play. What I was on the road now that they're home. They can lose again. I think. Probably. Anyway, Hank will be there to try to drum up some interest because there ain't nothing else going on. Seven to ten you got the big O'erlander also grew at the senior bull. Ten o'clock is any K from GA with all the odds and whether we are y'all sure up again tomorrow. And join Mark overnight. Twenty-till noon at five. Sixty. WQM. You're trying to figure out where that's at. It's in there and I never thought it was in it. But I'll find the cards got the big question mark on it. Hey guys, the New Year's here. If you're new, his resolution is to get out of that crappy dead end job and get you a new high-paying computer career. Here's the time to act today. Fast train is holding a free career seminar tonight at its Kindle. Miami Fort Lauderdale and Pembroke Pines locations. It's a free seminar called 1-866 Fast train to reserve your seat. That's 1-866 Fast train. Make 2003 the year that you're in a high-paying computer job. If you're overworked underpaid or in a real crappy job, this could be the most important 50 minutes of your entire life. Fast train can have you certified ready for your dream job in just four short months. Call Fast Train toll-free at 1-866 Fast train. They've got convenient day evening at Wicking Plasses for you. Call 1-866 Fast train to reserve your seat for this evening. Tonight for directions you can check them out on the web if you like it. Fast train.com. The last train. The last train. The last train. The last train. The last train. The last train. The last train. The last train. The last train. The last train. The last train. The last train. The last train. The last train. The last train. The last train. The last train. The last train. The last train. The last train. The last train. The last train. The last train. The last train. The last train. From 35 degrees to the Magic City Hills. The last train. The last train. Listen down and come on down. We're going to sit down and follow. We're going to get out at that pretty although that's the perfect pattern. Are you guys closer for a ride?! I heard he was driving. Here's a fact that says you cannot tell me keythriture is actually live. He should count it also John cannot fly Denver Scott and Titusville just can't control himself put it back in your pants got calm down Let's see top 21 hit wonder No, that's a wrong poll, okay? I've got the atop 8 million one hit wonders from VH1 so forget about that. Whalen Jennings. What do you say? No, how about Peter Jennings? He's still alive, but it's hard to tell the way he just kind of like, I don't know. I don't like ABC news It's the George Will network and I won't watch it on here's one. I guess Wilka Brian must have called somebody and Bradden to a fact that in so we put around here or not Dusty springfield. Oh I don't know. I mean How it seriously stop stopping think about the nature of this poll Here's the question again and a lot of times I'll ask a poll and I You know we appreciate we get a lot of votes in some of the raven real ones, but it's just that you don't look at the question Carefully enough stop and think about it take two or three seconds before you hop right in there and do something stupid like Duff talking about the ballad of John Nioco, which you apologize for he said he never wants to hear it again as long as he lives Who who is your all-time favorite dead recording artist dead? Now I get it who would say that Dusty springfield. There would be like saying If she dies someday, which you might saline the on you know You find some frogs some frog in a we don't a frogs aren't allowed to vote in our pool Okay, they can croak if they want to but they sure can't vote on our pool Who is your all-time favorite dead recording artist Elvis Janice Joplin John Lennon how about the layman sisters How about Lawrence a well huh Lawrence a well what what's that thing we got in there? Oh, I know what we got you know I never play it Oh, don't tell me it's not in here. What is that under g-dad is it a g-dad? Oh, we're lesser I don't I don't see it How come it's in my DCS and Toronto and it's not in one here? Oh, because it's the guy's name Who said that No, it's not before it's well. No, it's not it's not in here It's in there, but it's not Lawrence well who said that oh, it's the stand free bird there it is It's still understand I see what you say and it could be possibly be understand free bird See you always do that to it's not maybe it's under free bird I don't think it's in here and you're just making up all kinds of stories. It's not in there you lied George lied Anyway, can I get back what what what what that was I doing Jimmy Henry's by the way over looks of it It was both under because I I catch that in a heartbeat you're not full of missile queen. I'll take it right now That's what the Freddie Mercury would say if he could Elvis Janice, Joplin, John Lannon I want to keep saying to Lannon sisters. I don't know why it's just the way he used to say it now the land in the sister That's the crowd from win more that comes over there to pop in a park especially when on the Monday nights when we have the free spaghetti dinner They come from win more and from what's the other place up there that's cemetery village What's the other geriatric hotbed? Win more and there's one other one well there are two cemetery villages no no there's in popper there's another one Another one somebody will call George Harrison Roy Orbison Jim Morrison Jimi Hendrix Moris Gibb Stop calling them a resaw radio. Okay. Mo Gibb Marvin Gay Jim Crouchy Jim Crouchy Santa and O'Bee Go Bein are there on the toe car Down the road You're gambling I think if they want to have a true test of a patriotism that everybody should stand up and anybody who raises their hand and says they don't like Jim Crouchy Immediately deported that would satisfy Papu Cannon. I think he's a little bit unhappy. The love you folks came in George and Carlos Jim Crouchy buddy Holly You like buddy Holly sure why not we like buddy hey, he was a little overrated. I would say though How many hits did buddy Holly have before he died Peggy Sue That'll be the day that was buddy high in the crickets. What else? Let me look it up in the book just because we don't want to be scientific What else I mean he did die in a very young age and he was gonna be bigger than no life itself I guess he was extraordinarily ugly like where Orbison I think that helps I think that helps a lot. Oh look at all the hits on here But not dig one thing Peggy Sue that all all boy that's right. Oh boy Maybe baby Rave on oh yeah Think it over. Pools paradise early in the morning real wild child Heartbeat it doesn't matter anymore raining in my heart and someday when I'm gone from you Oh Bobby V in the cricket that must be after rather playing crash Bobby V. Remember fill Henry hated Bobby V Remember then I got very upset that day and I admitted he was right Bobby V sucked But then he right so I like Bobby V's one song not remember we're not the not we're what's the one song yet The light has a thousand eyes is the one I like but the there's one other one it was horrible Remember ball was the circle which we just got through here and on they want who okay? I'm there I better cue that up again Because you know next time we go to play that Huh and you see you asked me if it was on a cart couldn't you tell by how money it sounded Because it's gonna sound like buddy. We have a contest going on between the cart and a cart machine rubber ball rubber we see I had my balls confused Yeah, I had my balls all screwed up there rubber ball by Bobby V and red rubber ball was by the circle jerk. That's wrong with you Five six seven on time to the music stuff that we do I just to get blown away In fact, I think we're changing format to all music starting right now. Okay? I mean if it was good enough for Q and back in the old days not your and TR signals probably a lot better now than it was then because our crack engineering to burn Aren't they on crack I said you who do it was got a big crack. I'm sure that because he's he's a good guy They like really a lot. I don't want to I don't want to think about when who your Ben's or especially if you're like downwind Can you imagine can you imagine when the fact people in this building cut oh cut loose Man, oh man can you imagine being downwind from fat boy? Talk about heavy duty Good going Miss Molly how about little Richard he's still alive. He's still preaching it Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty pain no attention to those Jimmy Henry's folks I know he's gonna get de-cute. He's gonna get back for a laptop break into wire and get knocked out a couple of notches and by the way Anybody speaking at last on break into wire who tells me that Randy Wapels any great driver that the driver's in the Ontario whatever they call it the Ontario the O.J. C. Circuit Aren't great. I know is just having fun with me like Dick Finder was doing last night Dick Finder by the way We'll share with you some of the acid that they dropped in his coffee last night at the track he was talking all kinds of stuff When he started telling me about what a great driver Dave Ingram was at that point. I didn't know what it'll happen Cry 567560 pound five 60 on a 18 and T in Verizon wireless line Here's a call online one that don't have nothing next to a George hello Where's this from? I don't know here's a call from somewhere Is that me that's you? Where are you calling from sir? Okay, four a lot of days all right. Why wouldn't tell anybody either? Okay, well, I know some of the details about that The error Smith Resurrection and run DMC Go right ahead the actual they put him back on a map is what I'm hearing We'll sort of the actual resurrection happened long before the army get in soundtrack in 1989 with songs like rag doll and Jayne has got a gun right great right Right before that though before we saw the band again on MTV Run DMC read the dot song and had arrows Smith star in it So they didn't really have anything to do with it. They just kind of showed us even Tyler right before David Getson Resurrection arrows Smith with the genius got a gun and everything there you go Can I ramble a quick conspiracy before I hang up the only two sentence sure go right in okay The term British invasion actually originated from the CIA to represent British artists whose lyric some of their lyrics We're originally intended to work on the minds of a few assassins living in the United States But that all ended when the CIA used their own assassin marked David Chapman the killed John Lennon who didn't know the origin of some of the details There was deep enough to stay living here Right, okay Did you know that the CIA killed John Lennon often told us well, but I never knew that Roger winner Command Either longer right No Yeah So get fed up by the minute folks. Anybody that picked on skinny covers, then I have to call over my big fat smelly body. I'll tell you that right now. Okay, Steve Connor is gone. Right next to you. That's right. Great. I still don't understand anybody doesn't like their music. What is there to knock about their music? Huh? I mean, I realize not everybody likes fish food or rocky road ice cream, but how could you not like aerosmith? Explain that to me. In addition, which I discovered, and I found this out the hard way over the years, is every time we talk about music, that the people who dislike them, dislike them intensely. It's not like just a hate them. I don't know. Maybe they figured like they're competing with somebody that they like. I don't have any idea. Just that the people who don't like aerosmith, hate them. Both of them. Now here I was trying to think, thank goodness for it. Duff here, because this is one of your expertise, is this corny old music. Him and Boca Bryant. But somebody fakes blue on blue by Bobby Vitton. Which is an exactly Bobby V. He's got Bobby Vitton, the Polish prince, confused with Bobby V. What do you laugh about? That's what he's known as the Polish prince. I know all about that. Sure. It's almost enough to inspire me to play the godfather, Boca. Go to think. In under a body of vittons, who's still alive by the way. Anywhere Bobby Vitton. Are you sure? I'm fine. I'm fine. It's 4 minutes till noon, by I love that. That just gives me an array of mood. And by the way, that having been said to godfather Polka, I just want to mention in conjunction with that, a mole, where monitoring you here on the show. Here's a fact from Phil and Cruel Springs, who says the other geriatric joy is Palmer. Thank you, just got it. And how about Kasselia? They insist that Mama Kass. Huh? I mean, it's free to put a rug here. There should be a way to get what? How about her sister? If we got Jarroul, how about Jemama? What do you say, Mama? Okay, let's put her on there and see what happens. Put big fat Mama Kass on there. You're going to hear it. Or you're going to hear it. Listen to these guys. Okay. You're just going to out of prejudice. That's right. Carlos just reminded me of the Papa John just wrote. Yeah. The Papa John from the pizza place. I know he died. I know he died. We loved John Sebastian. Let's put him on there. All right. Well, he belongs on there more than Mama Kass. Kass. He wasn't some fat-world slob that ate too many slimy sandwiches and choked on. John Sebastian was pretty good. Musician. Sure. Let's put John Sebastian on there. What do you say? And then maybe we'll put Joel Sebastian on there later. Man, was he a good dish, Jockey? Joel Sebastian. I loved him. Let's put some more that DJ stuff. Okay. No, I mean, it's just a joke. For your just, your brutal. Really? I know all the things that that one facts you said about you. He didn't even come close. So we're putting Mama Kass on there and who else? And Joel, Joel, I mean, John Sebastian. You didn't even know who Joel Sebastian was. He was on the West, why Z and Detroit. He was a, he was at this jockey. Was on Ckl W and Detroit. He was on, I think, on WCFL. And it was also on WSYZ. In fact, once upon a time WSYZ in their heyday is a rock station in Detroit. All the guys in their head at same kind of like, I'm not going to describe the Thrody, they had a kind of like Phil Henry. You know, that Thrody kind of son feels got their real rabbit. Yeah. No, not gravely. But like, Joel Sebastian, suddenly that and Le Allen also got it. Don Z that was on the weekend. Go, and then he went to Ckl W. I believe what Dave Schafer and dead babies. Two minutes to noon at five, 60 WCM if your back isn't feeling a way to show, then the rest of your probably feels like crap to get yourself a great new mattress for the new year and for a long time to come. Do the smart thing for once and you like don't be a sucker. Don't get sucked in by the bedding and departments to doesn't pay an all that extra cash. When you can just make one easy call and be sleeping like a child at no time to dial a mattress. Call 1-800-MATT-RES. No, have you sleeping like a baby all year long. And they carry only the best name brand mattresses in the world. They got them all. Seely, Surtha Simmons can call it a resizing style. When you call 1-800-MATT-RES, you'll be talking with an expert bedding consultant. We'll hook you up with exactly the kind of bed you and your back like. And as far as deliveries concerned, on, beadable. You get to choose the time and date that they show up and they do show up exactly on time. And you picked it to our window when it's convenient for you. Allen mattress prides itself on their 99% on time record, which is just one of many reasons why they're ranked numeral uno for overall customer satisfaction. And it can't be sleep at on one Georgia's nomsday dollar dollar mattress 2 and 11 every second of it. Call that tool for you number 1-800-MATT-RES. The perfect way to start off a new year with a great new name brand mattress in unbeatable price for you and your back. We're supposed to be in 5-6-1. You, A-M. Oh, this is Rosie O'Donnell. And the clock on my stomach says it's the Neil Rogers 12th of one hour. And the way we go! Hundreds of people suffer with this strange affliction, sinking deeper and deeper and uncontrollable depression. But now, there's help. Introducing the best way we're at recovery center. Re-stricken, roseless, bachelor-rex. Find comfort and solace in each other. Hi, I'm Heather from Texas. I love the bachelor almost right away. When I didn't get the rose, I thought of keeping up in him, putting him in my basement, but security quickly led me out before I could get to my duct tape. Since I've been here at the Bachelor-Rit Recovery Center, I've realized. Ah, I'm not alone. Hi, I'm Chris Death from Idaho. I fell in love with the bachelor within minutes. I've been in several relationships, but they've never seen to work out. The last five guys I dated threw themselves off bridges. Four of them lived, which is good. I'm still not totally over my obsession with the stranger in the house. That's what I call him. But through my time here at the BRC, I realized I'm not the only crazy insecure, knife-wielding sociopathic woman alive. Thanks, girl. Hey, I used to want, I'm Ralph. Hey, maybe some of you girls recognized me. You know, I was a caterer, I'm a senator, bachelor, and as soon as I saw him, I had to have him. But unlike use ladies, I never even added chance to get a rose. He never knew I was alive. I mean, except for that one day, when he came up to my roadscoast, I met. And he said, he's got his skittles. I clamped up like one of them. Clams. I still think about him. But what? Especially when somebody asked me, hey, he's got any skittles. The bachelor at Recovery Center is an unprofit organization dedicated to the rehabilitation of heartbroken sociopaths. Call today, discourage your free no obligation of evaluation at the bachelor at Recovery Center. We believe it's not a crime to be crazy. Publicry. If I don't step on me again, please, 12 or 3856, you've never done a QM. John Phillips, no chance to back in Sebastian still alive. John Phillips, who did that? Who said that? You? Well, we met John Phillips. That's what we've had. Yeah. Well, we got him because you had John Sebastian from the 11th spoonful. John Phillips was from the mamas and a papa's, okay? John Sebastian is still alive. What thought he was? Because you said it. You're the one that said it. Carl, oh, said it. You said John Sebastian was dead. We were talking about Papa John and you said John's. Wait, wait a minute. Papa John said the pizza guy. I was talking about. John Phillips. No, but he was a green with me. He agrees with everything you say. I knew we were talking about Papa John, but I thought since you said John Sebastian that he was dead also. Now we were talking about mama cast. Mama's in a papa's, okay? I don't mind. I don't mind. Mama's in a show. Yeah. David's lady. I have another sandwich. John, so we apologize profusely. John Sebastian of course is still alive. We apologize to his friends and family. We don't want to do an hours but it's Steve Keynting there. But John Phillips is dead from the mamas. And if I guess I got another one I found here, it goes to show you that we can probably cure this pull on for about six months and just my do it. Because there are so many dead recording artists and so little time. Oh no! Good one, Neil. Thank you. Tommy Ken, I mean. I'm just gonna go home. I'm just gonna go home. I'm just gonna go home. Del Shannin. I put him on to Eric. We can't put him all on there but I just mentioned him in passing. What he did. Louis Brainsel. How about because of that? Uh, run away. We make that he did. Remember that? Yeah. 65 or 75 or whatever that was. Here's Pete Ham, singer for bad finger. I love bad finger, man. Just like record your houses. I love bad finger. Like a little ketchup salt. But anyway, I've came to that. It was great movie. Excellent movie, the hitter. How do you folks never saw it and you really missed out? That's when Tom C. Thomas Hall was doing it. C. Dick run. Right. I was a good movie to hitter. Little on the grore side probably out of you with queezing stomachs when I want to see that especially when he tied that brought up in between the two trucks with a rope. Jennifer Daisy Lee. 560, 050, 50, 50, 50, 50 on the AT&T. On somebody's take in the trouble which I appreciate profusely of putting the other a very elaborate series of facts is here that show the. Well, they got like little characters. You know, like little matchstick kind of like characters here for all the different people who died. It's got Jeff Pokaro of Toto of a heart attack from cocaine. Toto. Uh-huh. Danny rep from Danny in the juniors suicide age 41. Up until his moment I never knew that. Did you know that? No. I'll be dead. Hold on a second. I saw it. I'll thank you. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. That's a hot thing. He's dead. Why would somebody from Danny in the middle of the night? I guess because that the hop was their only hit. I mean, they might have had something else marginal. I guess I could look it up just because you're a pain in the ass. Give me that look. That look like you're about Danny. You. Why not? What do you got against them now? Are they redo anything to you? No, look at this. They had a whole bunch of stuff. They're in fact if month went out to his four hour lunch right now. I think he's doing liquid lunch today at the hop number one for seven weeks. How do you like that? Number one for seven weeks and you're making fun of Danny and a freaking juniors Mister. Vocal group form while the high school filled up in 1955 is the Juveniers. There's music with a little bit juvenile and they were the Juveniers. Danny Rap was the lead singer David White first tenor Frank Maffa, second tenor and Joey Terrenova Berton. Remember that the next time when somebody calls him when you say that you're a Danny and the juniors expert when I asked you who the drummer was? The drummer was somebody. White later joined the spokesman or he must know a Brian Murray. The spokesman appeared in the 1958 movie Let's Rock, Rap committed suicide on four five eighty three at the age of forty one. Boys been to the head rock and roll is here to stay remember that rock and roll is here and all the songs had that same kind like pretty crappy sound. Danny I like Danny was pretty good. I knew you remember that to you. No I do. Danny was okay with reach number thirty nine. Twist and you were saying pony expressed back to the hop they kept hopped on it. Like like Chubby Chekor in the twist which you really missed what forty eight times and every time was a hit. Let's twist again like we did last summer let's twist again like we did last winter let's twist again like we did last spring. Let's twist it and you I couldn't pull it. Then you do some peppermint twist. That was the only thing the star one I started. Twisting all my long by Danny and the juniors. I'm telling you my psychic powers are spectacular they're unbelievable. Do the kind doing the kind of walking Ula L'Alimbo. Oh that reached number ninety nine. And I think that was the that was the end for them. But was that before oh yeah that was long no one recommended suicide. That their last hit was in sixty three and I say hit very loosely and this kid committed suicide in eighty three. So twenty years after they hit and I hit on the charts he finally said well that's it we're done. Sorry about that Danny and juniors you're okay by me they were kind of like you know they reminded me a little bit of. They were like the four runner of the new kids on a block. Is it what when you laugh about like that's a joke. That's very serious analization of my musical perspication. I don't I don't know there are some like moneh I don't know say. Yeah how he talks well you gotta be more in fact I think a little bit more in a little bit more a bombastic you're right and pathetic. You better watch yourself Mr he's gonna start monitoring your ass. And you're tongue to okay speaking of ass. I'm in his past noon at five sixty wql on a spectacular Tuesday man this is a this show today is so good at it at the time cancel I bet you did Clark or a whole bunch of other dicks up there would like to record this and put it in the time capsule. For all time because it is so it is right on it man. There they are. Delshin. And if he's not realized to me I'll even look up in the book and give it to you. They're watching the rub down in his mouth. Not in your mouth. It rains now it's just kind of fertilizing what's left to do. Born Charles Westover. Wow. In 1934 in Cooper'sville, Michigan died on 2 8 99 if a suffering flicked gunshot wound with US army get up and uh what with US army get up and go radio show in Germany discovered by an arbor dd producer all i'm a clockman formed on burly label in 1963. What I won't go to I go to pieces for Peter and Gordon. How do you like that did you know that he wrote I go to pieces for Peter and Gordon. He had run away hats off the Larry. Uh little town flirt. I mean there were some other ones on here but so obscure little town flirt reach number 12 handyman. I thought you made Jones that handy man. I guess he read done it and that was you know once he read done it. Uh keep searching that was pretty well followed the son you remember that oh I wish I had that. I like that song a lot. Maybe book a bridal bird don't you remember keep searching follow the son the son. Yeah follow the son. I said book a bridal bird just walked into the door. I told you I'm transferring my psychic powers over to George a little bit not too much though. I don't like to share. Stranger in town the big hurts see of love this doesn't even have uh had uh run away uh that name have the second one probably because it didn't make the charts that's why blues brains. You said I'm done that's it. 11 after uh noon at 5 60 WQM and a very musical Tuesday we want to thank everybody for their tremendous participation. We got 655,000 votes on the poll many of them real ones amazingly enough. John Lennon 96 Jimmy Hendrick 76 of bogus Frank's an after 65 and from there on down. So after is still keeps hanging in there that all could. And like I said earlier in the show there's nothing more dangerous than an old could. Old coots and young coots can enjoy the pizza law for two locations in Browon now the original David location there that's on University Drabby true griffin find 95 right our kitty corny the armadillo cafe and they pizza law flies right behind pure one imports with tons of re parking with delicious great food unbelievable big portions teeny tiny prices everything is cooked to order fresh and delicious and when I say to order boy that's important because you don't want soggy pasta you don't want overcooked stuff you want to cook fresh and it believe me you'll taste the difference and they've got the best garlic rolls in the world three different kinds of great pizza every pasta dish on the Sunday do a great job of catering they have take out they have delivery for any of that stuff call nine five four nine one six eighty eighty nine five four nine one six eighty eighty so the pizza law Blip last time when I was going to the track I mean to play whatever the whole thing is and in Westbrowon out there by me the good news is they got a brand new pizza law in plantation on the court of the bill and sunrise right beyond Walgreens and for the same great food same teeny tiny prices and the same big amazingly good consistent portions all the time three eight two ninety ninety nine is that number for take out delivery and catering in Westbrowon nine five four three eight two ninety ninety prices are so low you ought to begin to get or take a whole gang in for a real tight and feast several times a week at the world famous pizza law now with two spectacular broad location George here's the definitive facts from four miles listening on the internet as usual swim with men and Peter lemon Joe anybody have a heart or a liver I was standing there one day not thinking I would die from being able to make this a gentle I should have known what to expect living in Miami with the kind of service you've been as this town I would act to be too far home if I didn't eat that grass I saw though why can't you live me so you can ask why can't you lose us get it right my foul was blocked inside my hiding can take my touch go now we're talking and you know we're talking before but I thought you went to lunch he could he couldn't leave he just you have a chair in the room there with you he should just sit there with you no he's so wrapped up with his that he's just he's obsessed with this he can't handle it how about this how could we have left this out talking about Bobby dear shame on you George the shark the same on you you didn't you did I didn't see no John Shannon what about him you don't think you're saying john Sebastian from just saying and not only that but how about this that was a party going on there was a question and let me ask you did we actually put Bobby there and on there or not because if we didn't I'm really ashamed of you I think you talk me out of it that's seriously did we put him on there or not I think not or you don't want to have a book of brain came in here in the middle of all these spots all of these spots all of my copies in here like all bulb up that was well worth it and have to price where does my list George did we ever put Bobby there and on it Bobby there is on there what what is he saying nothing that was just this whole big thing going on here I thought we might want to share it we don't read you dropped a little bit on that but I was busy looking for Bobby there and he's on or how's he doing on our full matter fact come on Bobby why he's good Bobby there and he had to enter good now but he's is let's see I'm he probably can see better than the stevey ray von let's see I don't I don't see no Bobby there and I am getting a little bit suspicious of what happened here you know I'm looking I'm looking maybe this is one that Eric missed oh I don't see Bobby there on there Eric oh do you see it I don't see it more as give Kurt Cobain George Harrison Roy Orbison John Lennon who was murdered by the CIA I don't see no Bobby there and I've got to written right down here it's right under Bob Marley so if you're looking for Bobby dear and just lift up Bob Marley and you'll find his ass to read out of the dreadlocks right he was great Bobby dear we better get that on the right away Eric before people start laughing at us destroying our credibility what little we have left working on this did we talk about this one yes I don't remember the correct it's corny I don't know what's corny but what's the one that must be going for the right we have a little sun but this one on the other hand right that's the word run yeah that's it great remember this shit I found this I got a girl at call a queen of the half of the law my queen you're not love my queen oh yeah I got some good idea yeah thanks to Bob Cobra for bringing in Bobby dear and what's left of many way yeah let's get that on there right away it's a good thing I double checked on that wouldn't have been an idiotic taken at pull without Bobby dear and what do you think about delshan in deep we ought to add him on here he's not on there now all those hits he had three or four good it he certainly had as many hits as some of the other steps we got on here oh he had a lot of other people like mama cast did we actually put mama cast I better check out okay mama lockass she in on there I think Eric went out to lunches check he wasn't going to have it I don't see no mama cast I don't see no Bobby dearin I don't see no who is it delshan in Tommy Shannon you know from Tommy Shannon he used to be on wkv w with joey Reynolds in buffalo and then he went to wsyz and cklw and Detroit Tommy Shannon factory Reynolds and Tommy Shannon were the managers of most of the group uh... that they ripped off the rock and rebel rock and roll what is happening with him oh broke up right a wild weekend got a ringer a wild weekend in fact we used to have that on a cart wouldn't surprise me at all if it was in the uh... not in there I'll be damn well I had a cart on it that was a good song too while it was on swan records remember that wild weekend by the rock and rebels and joey and Tommy somehow they never get in and they never got one penny that song was released out of how many times in fact let me look it up at a book what was that you were playing more more it's here a lot less less so whatever you were playing all i like that uh... what am i looking for the rock and rebels now see nobody knows this but must hear from buffalo and if you're from buffalo congratulations for getting up i see the savers just found for chapter eight nine ten eleven twelve and fourteen so that's two teams within just a week's period time the other was senators and the buffalo savers and uh... Gary Beckman says uh... oh we're fine yeah right good luck to you Gary okay you got big tourism man big tourist see the rebels rock and rebels it's a see the rebels okay let's see the rebels renaut chilly peppers what was the guy that died from the renaut chilly peppers nobody yet they did you know they did in fact i have a very worth it i have a fact here somewhere which i think i probably threw out uh... you did see you're learning something every day how about Brian Jones from the stones drowning the swimming pool yeah it's twenty seven quizzets a hundred years ago uh... bobby fuller the bobby fuller four oh no suicide by drinking gasoline uh... uh... from i looking for uh... somebody from the red hot chili peppers uh... uh... i don't see it but there definitely was one on here i couldn't possibly have made that up grand parisans from the birds that of heart failure after massive alcohol abuse at a age of twenty six Paul butterfield of the butterfield blues band age forty four drugs in alcohol this really good job here that somebody done for me uh... john chipolina liver failure who was john chipolina we don't know who that is you know who it is no rod Mcron recurrent of the grateful dead alcohol because of rocis at age of twenty seven but twenty seven twenty look at these ages here man this is grotesque throughout the logins this feel ox suicide by hanging it's thirty five syd vicious we want to put him on their no we're still for messenger service what ever it is a big you've heard quick silver messenger service for john's cipolina all what is that had to do with the uh... retouchily peck nothing i saw it on here myself only moments ago and i can't find the thing which really just it makes you feel like you're losing it you know smashing pumpkins heroin overdose or here you go kill all slow back retouchily peckers heroin overdose age twenty five see your wrong judge is wrong it's the big buzzer proven that nobody's perfect even though you've come up with some amazing i mean all you didn't get branded see when i thought you would go up at rock and wadda who you know you're rock and rebels in baffle radio mister he would talk about it all the time Joey what i had to do those and what what he says what would he say i don't know i had to tune out Joey would talk about the rock and rebels all the time and pretend that maybe those guys actually we need to go paid he was a pain in the ass is what i heard i am that him or yeah he would talk about that rats up your ass or whatever that's right in my room yeah that was him and tami shanan rats in my room that was a real song believe it or not and of course every time he and bill marshal were in the studio George was thinking rats in our room five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on a eighty and two horizon line got a hundred open lines now again well that's because we're rambling now but i like what we're rambling because we're hearing good news i think i know that we are i take back what i said before he was pretty damn good bobby dear but you were named and beyond the sea that's uh fat i didn't like his corny stuff i liked his uh upbeat stuff like that dream lover well dream lover was not beat but it was great that was a good time was the best song is there any argument about that no see it's always a good way to win an argument is like to close the debate before anybody else has a chance that's not sorry times up twenty six pound i would about this is pretty good we put around it a pacify book of r i'm gonna check this list here because eric is left the building or there he goes you got delshan and mama cast bobby dear and already got a vote he just went on a we apologize to the bobby dear and fans profusely what about this is pretty good put around her just to make book of r i'm happy since he was kind of bringing some of this really crappy i mean great old music did we ever put john Phillips papa john Phillips on there john Phillips sooza hey we're just playing john Phillips no he don't have no john Phillips on here of course not they're not gonna know who that is are they we didn't i mean we did but you think the one who that is mama's in a poppist if you say pop a john Phillips then they'll know they'll think it's time to order a pizza twenty seven past uh what do we think about poppigines piece of well it's not talk about it twenty seven past no we know that they're still over there on the SNN's because way right up to street from where sonny's market used to be we're so sorry sonny see and Toronto a you think he still lives honey i'm sure he was a good guy very good good a little bit uh i don't know how to say misguided yeah a little bit of bad business management i would say after all those years expanding while the neighborhood was turning into a toilet but nevertheless florida still there are close personal friends and sponsor florist which was you how great they got to be there are about the only ones left in that hood which is a shock have you ever been presented with an opportunity when you should a could have what it done something what you passed on it made a bad mistake don't do it again because here's an incredible fany may mortgage rate at three point four five percent out there just waiting for you the rates available like calling financial group toll free at one eight hundred nine four oh fifty three sixty three if you would have compared a seven percent rate with three point four five percent you'd say thirty five hundred bucks in the first year low for each hundred thousand dollars that you owe a hundred thousand bucks is only four hundred and forty seven a month here's an opportunity that won't last it's a forty year low so if you think about refinancing or purchasing a home confidential group toll free one eight hundred nine four oh fifty three sixty three the process is simple and the call is absolutely positively free one eight hundred nine four oh alien d financial group has been equal housing lender to thousands of borrowers with this fany may program credit restrictions do apply and rates are some of your change if you wait too long five point three four APR confidential group today at one eight hundred nine these If he had a license maybe wouldn't have died. He airs where he'd rather stay. Grab it, change your up to him into the bay. Last year's license, because he had a fuel. If he could have drive, then maybe he shouldn't have flew. He'll tour. The shore! Fill the air. And ask A fair. Go tell his wife. Let's meet lunches life. And no one really cares. Remember this phone and gas. Wonderful. W-Q-A-M. Again there's nothing moreee than a damn addict! Then why don't you bunk up a time machine? picking up a bar and pull it back on me here with the Brit on the next gun. Who on the table says yes and she keep coming out andurry. I think that's more than enough though, too. We're not putting him on air where T-Valice videos are like honorable mention. Don't you think you mentioned it? Honourably. Okay, and I'll tell you somebody else that we're not going to put on air, but this is very honorable mention and somebody facts it to me. It's one for the money. Two for the show. How fucking? Three to get it ready now. Don't cast over. You guys? Everyone's my first place. What is best place? Who could see that? And I was a Bible in the face. But you could not make it a work on Fox Network. You could have worn a lot of pancake makeup. It's 26 to 1 at 5, 60 WC. We got the mad dog. We got one. We got Hank from the American Airlines Arena. We got the big, uh, from the, uh, from the, uh, where it is, the senior bull. And then we got Eddie K from Gating. We got the odds of whether everybody shows up again tomorrow and, uh, Joe and Mark overnight talking about Pompano Park. And how great a job Brian Sears is doing. And how Mickey McNicklane all at, uh, well, he's, he is, he is what he is. 98 votes for John Lennon, who's your favorite all-time dead recording artist for John Lennon, who's knocked off by the CIA. Who else was probably off by the CIA besides the Kennedy? Who else do you think was an Oshan provocative tour? Is it Morrison? Who's probably kidnapped? He's probably being held somewhere in the South of France. Don't you think? Sure, that island. Yeah, the one where they sent Napoleon, is that Elba? Elba. Uh-huh. I do like Elba macaroni. John Lennon 98, Jimmy Hendrick 79, a lot of those phony by the way, but I noticed there's slow down a little bit because we were on to him. Frankson, opera 68, Frankie Panky. Jim Morrison, only 51. What's the matter with you folks, huh? Well, again, I'm asking who's your all-time favorite. And you just tell me your taste is in your tuish. I mean, anybody would pick Frankson out for over Jim Morrison has got to be over the age of 100. Elvis 45, like, you know, he's men's men's with Elvis in his crowd. Like, they can take them or leave them underline the leaving part. Freddie Mercury 39, Jim Crochi 31, Marvin Gay 29, Frank Zappat 25, who's still doing it on down with Bobby Brown. Where's he going down on? Roy Arbison 24, Bob Marley 24, Karen Carpenter 19, come on. Let's bring Karen in for lunch tomorrow. What do you think? I'd tell you like a little carrot carpenter stuff at that be the end of the show. I like the carpet is just fine, but you have to be in the right mood for it. Are we in the right mood for it now? No. I'll let you know when I'm in the right. No, I mean, rainy days and Monday, plus she was off a boat sound. Boy, deep voice. She had a real deep voice like, kind of like Ann Marie. Canas Mas macho and Marie, Karen Carpenter or Janet Reno? Oh, Ann Marie had more facial. Or Martin and Evratel over. Ann Marie has facial hair? I don't know if she has it right now. There is, as funny you should mention that because there is an infomercial I keep seeing about Ann Marie's greatest hits. And you're right. She hasn't shaved it about six months. And her face either. Jim Crochi 31, Marvin G. 29, phrase, zap at 25 Bob Marley 25. Roy Arbison 25, a three way tie there. Karen Carpenter 19, I guess how we did that. Do you agree? Do you agree? Are you agree? Are you agree? Kurt Cobain 14. They just like Kurt Cobain because it rhymes with cocaine because they know that Nirvana sucked. I'm sorry. More as give 12. Harry Chapins got nine. You didn't want to put him on there. Harry Chapin. You said you'd rather go out and speak corner call attacks. For Carlos we can go to play with a real shower. Wouldn't it be nice if we could actually take a shower sometime. Carlos. Maybe that's why he keeps offering to come to my house and tricks my computer. Now got two showers in my house. You can't use either one of them. Janice Joplin 7, Patty Klein 6, Rick Nelson 6, But he Holly's got five. Sand cooks only got three. Boy, Otis Redding appeared Bobby Durans got one. And we put these on late editions, but they don't have any votes yet. Jackie Wilson, Mama Cance, Del Shannon Dusty, Springfield of all got the big. Put them all together and you still got the big. Oh, how do you like them apples? Here's the fact that says, please don't forget about Mary Wells, but there are many hit records and Laura Nero. A brilliant songwriter singer for example, it's going to take a miracle. Well, guess what, Greg, this is a different Greg. It's going to take a miracle for us to put Laura Nero on there. When you say, I rather put Peter Nero on there. Remember Peter Nero? No. I bet you're both a Brian that's used to tinkle on a piano on RCA records. Book of Buds that he was a penis. He was a penis. How about Roger Williams and Jane Morgan, huh? And two different worlds. Mary Wells, what do you think I could put a runner, but we won't. We don't want to like overdo it and have like a hundred names on there, although we easily could. Mary Wells? Mary, and Book of Rances, yes. Okay, put Mary, my guy. He says Mary Wells is my kind of guy. Put my guy on her Mary Wells, she's dead. Plus don't forget to stuff she with Marvin's gay. Right? And as long as he's talking about Marvin gay, we could have put Tammy to Rela on there, but I don't think so. You want to know why? Because Tammy to Rela, I don't think I'd have grown. And she have any hits on her own Tammy to Rela? Not that we know of. I could look it up in the book, but if so, marginal advice, we like Tammy to Rela a lot. Right? Didn't we like her a whole lot? Yeah, fine. And what about Kim Weston? Is she still alive in the community in South Florida after? Huh? And they also named the head of North Korea after or two. Kim, oh, Bill Jong. Anyway, he's a douchebag, so the president said he gives him the willies. He scares him. 21 till 1 at 5, 16 w to Qa. 9, 9, and low. This is for 20, 5, 16. 21, 21, yeah. I think 30. I welcome back to another finance toolman to the Malifuys' Mohaudian image. Well, we can take your emails now. So it's like a bit of a special computer. Don't click ammo, click dead. Yeah, shit, you're not. I'm computing over here. No, you mean a low-delight, figure this thing out. You know, none of this would have been necessary if they didn't wedge me between two non-spots and his to-shows. And what's wrong with this piece of crap? They got it, poor little victim, though. Yeah, what? Why can't you access your email? I don't know, I clicked this, I clicked that, but the thing is the thing. No, why isn't it coming on me to show you guys how to perform today? So the couple is being said with that. We have three days, you know, know how my life is falling apart. Hey, Paloo. But I said wedge, I didn't mean the sandwich. Wow! I don't associate with anyone associated with that textbook. Fuck! Look, look, look, we got an email. Whoa! You suck, though. Bring back the Rick and Sutter, is it? Who's Rick and Sutter, did it? And there, man. I'm gonna eat those guys. I'm more anybody needs. Wait, wait. There's another one. This one says a mole blows. It brings back Rick and Sutter to visit. Damn it! What happened? It crashed, no? And my dad didn't work your best. I just opened my shoe. Stop it, stop it, fast. That was so good. I heard you have a computer group. So I thought... I thought I felt it, aren't you? She is. I don't need your help. God, I hate your bum. Okay, dude. You do want me to help you with the computer. Guess that means I got a rapier. That chance of punk-lucky. I'm gonna have to keep my mom, dude. It comes on my prime. Start it. Dude, you got a phone. Don't worry. Oh, pull the phone. What a hold, it's late. Steady. Okay. Dude. Yo, yo, yo. You're gonna rap low. I'm gonna have to do the good. We're hopping in the time machine. What's coming on, dude? Here's the golden vector from W2A. Right now. One, two, three. A clock four, a clock rock. Oh, a clock six, seven a clock. A hit a clock rock. 10, 11 a clock 12 a clock, rock, we're going rock. Around. A clock tonight. What is that? That's so funny. I'm so pissed. I'm so pissed. I'm so pissed. I'm so pissed. I'm so pissed. I'm so pissed. A clock clock. I'm so pissed. I'm so ashamed that you George, how could you leave that? I mean, the modern rock and roll era. Well, not so modern. You know, there was the accreeter of it. The inventor of the founder, the end of course by accident. He had no idea what was all about. He went over to Germany. I saw his biography also a few weeks ago. And he went over there and they were like, pat, it was just the idea of rebadying. It was like, uh, like today, you know, like the punks today with their rap music. It was the same thing. Not that they liked it all that much, but it was just like anti-social. And young male punks want to be anti-social. Then they noticed he had that spick roll and he saw, so well. You know, the other guy we ever saw with a spick roll like that was Johnny Deppin and we'll be, uh, Crybaby, which is all right. You know, 14. There you go. Take that to you. I thought. You know, haily. Now, here's the fact, I'm done in a Grove obviously, he's on the same acid that my friend dick at the track was on last night. It says, fat stomoro and chubby checker you punch your fobs. Well, guess what? Fat stomoro and chubby checker are alive and well. Thank you. And aren't going to be on our pool. Here's what it says, how about liberaiki? He's still tickling on the piano, man. Squirt scores time we checked him and his brother George. Yes. It's got that candle obra. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon. Wireless line. I want to the greatest radio shows in the history mankind. We had calls in from dead disk dockeys who called on or else today say, This brought back some great memories. Here's West Palm Beach. West Palm Beach, hello. Relax. I was on the wrong line. I made a mistake. Yes, sir. I got two for you. You get to all excited when I make a mistake. Yes. I'm thinking, bond Scott, AT-DC. I go Hutchins in excess. Really? Oh, yeah. Michael Hutchins from I got a chance. Never the less. Two obscure for this crowd. Thanks a lot, pal. Thank you. Two. They're not going to get many votes. We love an excess. Yeah. Inks it. Five, six, seven. Oh, did he really? Well, he doesn't know if it was on purpose. He might have been doing some auto erotic asphyxiation. I see. I see. One of those Michael Skakildules. I'm off the chair. Up in the tree, he was doing it. Ninety-nine votes for John Lennon. 81 for Jimmy Hadrach's Franks. And after his got 70, we just can't get his ass out of the way. Jim Morrison 54 Elvis 48. Elvis is just consistently like right there in a middle of the pack. Comcee Comsa, men's a men's. Freddie Mercury 40. Jim Crochet 29. Marvin Gaye 29. Bob Marley 26 month. And I'll just change again on me, which I can't stand that. Where are we since got 26? I'm not sure if you can. I'm not sure if you can. I'm not sure if you can. I'm not sure if you can. I'm not sure if you can. I'm not sure if you can. I'm not sure if you can. I'm not sure if you can. I'm not sure if you can. I'm not sure if you can. I'm not sure if you can. I'm not sure if you can. I'm not sure if you can. I'm not sure if you can. I'm not sure if you can. I'm not sure if you can. I'm not sure if you can. I'm not sure if you can. I'm not sure if you can. I'm not sure if you can. I'm not sure if you can. I'm not sure if you can. I'm not sure if you can. I'm not sure if you can. I'm not sure if you can. I'm not sure if you can. I'm not sure if you can. I'm not sure if you can. I'm not sure if you can. I'm not sure if you can. I'm not sure if you can. I'm not sure if you can. I'm not sure if you can. I'm not sure if you can. I'm not sure if you can. I'm not sure if you can. I'm not sure if you can. I'm not sure if you can. I'm not sure if you can. I'm not sure if you can. I'm not sure if you can. I'm not sure if you can. I'm not sure if you can. I'm not sure if you can. I'll look on life. You get up in the morning feeling great. It's going to be a great day even if you work here. So call is tool free number 1-800 mattress 1-800-MATT-RES. They'll have you sleep for like a baby all year long and they'll be there in no time at all. In fact, they might even be there the same day you call. If you like, they'll be there a to our window that you choose between like 1-3 and 2-4. But it's convenient for you when you're going to be home instead of sitting on your ass waiting all day and hoping somebody will show up. They have a 99% on time record. You can't be with this tick. And they got only the best mattresses in the world, whichever you prefer. They have exactly the style you want and the name brands, Seagley, Syrda, Simmons, King Corps. They got them in every size and style. So whatever you're looking for, they got exactly that one in stock. Just wait until they'll have a right to your door in no time at all. So do with the smart folks here are queueing up done. And then some who not all that smart too, like George and Miguel and of course the smart ones like yours truly. Called Dilem Actress Tool free at 1-800-MATT-RES and start off a new year with a great new mattress for you and your back. 1-800-MATT-RES. You can't be with that boy, stick. My life and love all this is for 25.60. You can't be with me anyway. Yeah. New! God! Welcome to Uncle Funnies tonight. We're pleased to have the sidekick and foil of the Mowhauer David Show. But let's have a nice hand for. Galdi. Galdi. Galdi. Galdi. Galdi. Galdi. Watch this. Hey, I'm about to go, God. What's that on that guy's hand? Oh, that's right. It's radio. If I got it, tell you. That boat gets great everywhere he goes. We went to a bar and see West Point night and there were a lot of women in death that we didn't know a really men and after they all raped Mowh. I told them I liked it here. It was nice to see a listening audience all in one play. You know my doctor said take your clothes off your face to window. And when I asked him why he said, cause I hate my neighbor. You look at his guy over here. What's the matter, pal? And you got another good time, pal? And you got your brain to tell your face. Hey, I'm just saying the big contract with General Mowh. I'm calling him, God. Hey, hey. Oh, wait a minute. I just been here to the very important announcement here. A table three, do you like Iran? And the kitchen is out of pre-instrict. Okay. Ah, you, uh, take my wife, please. Uh, dynamite. Uh, I'm a wild and crazy guy. Looking good. And dynamite, I said dynamite. Oh, yeah. I'll be here all week. That uncle funny. Hey. So who'd you rather hear guilty of the carpenters? That's tomorrow's pool, by the way. Come on, Karen. She's off a little bit, please. Talking to myself and feel old. Sometimes I'd like to quit. Nothing ever seems to fit. Hang it around. Nothing to do with fraud. Dringy days and mums are always getting me down. 1256 and 560 WQM4. Karen, here's an excellent facts from custom design trust in Pablo B. It says, uh, to Neil Roundews, now that you're a 60 plus old far, we figured you could use a custom design trust. We built several for Mo. We'll be over to measure you right after the show. Also, why no peri comor. Speaking of old forests, mother and Papa B. 21. Well, I turned how many votes we're going to vote total we got on here today. And I bet you're least some of them are real. 672 votes shocking. That's more than George gets in 10 weeks of polls. John Lennon 99 to me, Henry C. D. 2. Keep your eye on that Jimmy Henry's number by the way. That's just a word of the wise out there and even the unwise. We got our iron at baby. Frank Sinatra's 70 is said as that is. Jim Morrison 64 is moving down Frank. Elvis 48 still 40 is stuck there. Freddie Mercury 43. How come we didn't put Frankies Lyman on there? Because we don't want to. I mean, does the Springfield, well, we'll give that to Book of Brian, but Frankie Lyman no way. Cross brains, hello. Cross brains. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. I know pun intended, but speaking of this Jackie's, my life went to a website for Mikey. And the mystery picker responded to whatever she posted on there. If anybody wants nothing but I get somebody that, you know, you might not like, but might have a niche down here. Joey Ramon. Yeah. And he could have been on there, you're right. And then I could take him or leave when he Ramones. I know, you don't like him. There's a niche possible. Yeah. And two things real quick. It's much as I try, Cam. Listen to the morning show. And I say, George and says for the summer screw Rick. Okay. Thanks, now. Thanks. George and says, no, there's a possibility. Let's, let's muscle Rick out of there. This speaking such thing. Because one thing we do know is, says, works real cheap. 560505060, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. How you doing? It's great. I'd like to add two to the list. Okay. By good. Yes sir. How about funny bono? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. And my coworker here said, Jean Vitts and the blue cap. Oh, Jean Vitts and Bopalula. Yeah. Capital records. Okay. Thank you sir. I'm not going to put you there when I'm going to take you. Anyway, sunny bono. I mean, come on. No, no way. Just for seeing you. You listen to Bopalula, but that was his only hit. Am I right, Boca Brian? I was only hit. I don't have time to look it up in the book. He says, yes sir. It was on Capital Records. I remember like was only yesterday. It was 100 years ago. And all the people under 100 out there are saying, B-Bopalula and Jean Vitts, what the hell that be? Huh? What are you some kind of old fart, which I say? Yes, I am. And proud of it. Because look at all the music that I know that a lot of you people have never heard of this stuff, which is a lot better than some of the crap they're talking about now. I don't want to mention Kurt Cobain. I'm sorry. How to turn out so far? What's your all-time favorite dead recording artist? Favorite we asked, not necessarily the best. John Lennon 101, Jimmy Henry X84 suspect. Tim Morrison 74, Frank Sinatra 71. Tim Morrison has, he is lurch to head of the, uh, schmuck. Elvis 48, Freddie Mercury 43, Jim Crochet 34. Marvin Gays got 30. Beach Boys can't touch him, by the way. Roy O'er was in 27, Frank Zappin 27. Bob Marley 26 and Karen Coppider. Let's hear it for Karen. Let's have a special Brooks for Karen. Has got 19 votes. Bye bye. Bye bye. The watch is shown on the fly. See you in the new QA and the planet on the Fort Lawrence Day. Ron Ron, Radio Network.