I got to get out of the hill saying in there. Don't be dumb, John. Get out of the hill. Hey, man. This guy's got out of his gonna give them an animal. And when I said, hey, I'm gonna run over Teta Clock now. Now they're all- All the things was when you came on here and you said, meet Kimba. That was my favorite. Is that it? I love it. Hey, let me ask you this. I've had to sit in here now for two hours with B's too. Using some of your vernacular hates me like poison. Yeah. Has it like foil? No, he has. He's been afraid to. I know his best behavior. He's afraid I'm gonna take it all. No, take it all. Take good Jim back him with your thumb. Got the tension in here you could cut it with a butter knife. You have to hold the thing. You want to do a tension put it in here. No, no, no. And you know what? I'm looking at B's and it in thick. This comes to my mind. And he's scared to meet us every man. Yes, he is. He still hates me like poison. I'll walk out of the fuel mall field of night. So now it's taking your place. All right, Neil. What does that mean? Somebody else is taking his place. What? No, he has a nail. I've been here for two hours. He hasn't made sense yet. Is that new? Is that something new? He's not being good. He's being a fat pig, but at least he's consistent. That's what Karen says. Oh, thank Karen's hired him because he said he had a few openings at the station. Hey, let's get him. Let's get him here and bring him out. Oh, yeah. See you. Heal Rogers. God. What the hell was that? I went to an origin town to jail. Look at four of all of that. I could damn. Everyone's hoping to do a new thing. We're all begging to make him with you. That's leading. Let's fuck them. Everybody, let's fuck them. OK. They can find his own over the cell block. Yeah. Put back in at the jailhouse. I was the 47 was begging in May 3. They were the cutest couple that I ever seen. This one in May was I and me with a twitch. He said, come over here. So I can make him my bitch. So let's fuck them. Everybody, let's fuck them. They can find his in the cell block. We're begging at the jailhouse. This one officer was standing on the nose. And the apologies, parking was hard to stone. The war said, buddy, what you doing over there. Bank yourself and in May, you quit wacking in that jail. That's fucking. Everybody, let's fuck them. They can find his in the cell block. We're begging at the jailhouse. We're begging at the jailhouse. Here we go again. Come on, come on, come on. Let's just go, sir. Come on, come on, come on. You can't control himself. Anyway, we got some bad news for the rush fans momentarily. But anyway, before we get to that, well, this is probably going to even be worse news when we read the poll result. Let's put it off for a second because they're under a lot of stress, even he's under enormous stress. Come on, come on, come on. Come on, come on. Come on, come on. Come on, come on. Come on, come on. Come on, come on. Come on, come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Anyways. Tries.一起. Share your thoughts. And we'll try yet. diez. Some. Some. He'll be right with it. What the hell was that? Reverend Jones. Huh? No, it wasn't. Yes it was. You think everybody's Reverend Jones was not Reverend Jones. Okay. Jesus Christ man. Tell me down already, Rush. What? What? I told Rush to pop a big one. He did. Oh, we got some bad news. I mean, nobody knows who this is. So I guess that makes it much less bad news. Florence Stanley died. I died. Yeah. You do? Sure. Bernice. Gravely voiced stage in TV actress Best Known as Bernice. She died. The wife of detective Phil Fish Abligota. I'm Barney Miller. Santa Baruch's Barney Miller. I hated that show. That was all right. There's certain there was a whole genre of those show. Well, that I mean, just dozens of those like, um, uh, what was the, uh, three's company? I should say that because John would have just died to all of those. Horrible. What was the one with the party? Oh, Harry. What was the one with Pat Harry to where I played the janitor? One day at a time. Funny Franklin. Okay. Yeah. That was, was that the one day the time. Yeah. Oh, crap. Oh, god. Golly Miss Molly. How could anybody watch those shows? Where did they look from like the late 70s? Because Bonnie Franklin ever wore a Brian Valerie. Welcome back. Codder. Oh, I did watch someone with Kirk Cameron. And because he was cute, but that was a horrible night. Even watched that show. No, it was, it was the one. Growing pains or something. Growing pains. Really? Yeah, right. I don't know how much time I saw him grow. But he was born again, Christian Kirk Cameron. Growing pains? He was growing it. Anyway, she was on Barney Miller. Also, I'd regular rolls on my two dads and nurse. And she appeared in films like I'd rage his fortune up to downstairs. And at Lannas, the lost empire she died October 3rd. Well, this is a little bit late coming. I guess better late than never. October 3rd from complications of a stroke in Los Angeles at age 79. He died. Florence Stanley is dead. Damn it. Been a bad year for dead celebrities. I'll tell you that. You know, I mean, well, brother, I must my backside. Oh, I like this story before we get to all the rush stuff. We're going to let more rush stuff to a lot of fish to fry. We don't have to rush through it. WQM Kimball line. Yes, Kimball update. Yes. He does eight to midnight and light 101.5. What's he's on light? Yep. He's a little bit heavy to be on light, isn't she? That's it. But okay, thanks for the good news, pal. He's off his A to she's on light. Which is a W, a YF, right? That's lush 101.5. S, m, Kimball. She probably had a ton of down a little bit. Because we show you his on Zeta when we're playing like classic rocks. She was like, M, Kimball. You do spag. Yeah, that kind of thing. Very, very, butch. Even butchard and Randy. Wow. People in a Randy and Jim again and devorted here. That's good about the other day. We were going to carry the door. No, we're married. Huh? I know they had actually gotten married. Oh, yes, long time ago. Don't you keep track of these things? Yeah, right. Wait, did you hear this story? You like this? Tremon man charged with teaching dog Hitler salute. All right. Ha ha ha ha. That a word story from the Brit newspaper Anna Nova. A German man is to appear in court charged with teaching his dog to give the Hitler salute. I guess he was just trying to be a good American. The black sheep dog mixed named Adolf has been talked to lift his right to front post right up in salute on command. Kind of like El Presidente. Well speaking about Presidente, we got a great new Russia card. Not a cartoon, a thing. And I was an advertisement. And Ad for Russia's peddling something okay. But I want to buy a cup. I'll take 300 little blue. Please recall to the scene in Berlin where Roland T 54 shouted at Passers by last year. When a patrol arrived, he allegedly showed that the tricky it taught his dog. Give the salute along with Adolf and shouted, see, Kyle. Come to find out it was a rum spell. Wouldn't surprise me. Now he's been charged with using symbols of unconstitutional organizations. If found guilty faces up to three years in prison in the slamer. Adolf will probably be brought to a peck shelter. The Berlin or the Berlin or career reports. Carola Ruff at the local animal protection organization says that dog shouldn't be just for what it's owner-toned. It makes me sick to think someone's using a dog's an instrument of his deranged brain. She told the paper. How do you like that? Oh, here's another. I got it. I got it. Oh, look at all these great stories. I ran over. Related stories. Pizza delivery driver find for spitting and salad. Smelly feet, man. Smelly feet, man. Do not access the library. May start new life in Germany. During the break, I got to get those two. That's excellent. Also, let's do the poor result first. Oh, Reverend Jones is on six again. Do you need mental health today? He's saying, come and back baby, it's time to double it now. Okay, here's the. 1952 votes on a pool. What's your take on? What was that Reverend Jones doing? Mitch Hirsch? I'd like to see that. I'd like to see that. Especially if he stuck his foot in the room. What's your take on a Rush Limbaude drug addiction story? 1952 votes. That's not an all-time work that I don't think. But it sure. It sure gives the alien days run for the money, right? It's respectable. It is respectable. It's phenomenal. Nearly 2,000 votes. Anyway, Rush, 910 people say he's a big fat hypocrite. Always do his full of Schmidt 578. I won't be never comes back to 105. So you see, it's not looking really. Hey, Rush, paper or plastic 78. Now, we do have three positive categories, but they kind of like a sucked wind. I feel very sorry for him 72. I'm still a dittohead 57. And Rush is God 52. Yeah, those three categories and you get the let's see 9.1%. So 9% say, oh poor Rush, and 91% say, oh, up yours. Oh, disgusting fat, hateful pig. You piece of crap, you hypocrite, you poor popping a piece of turd. So take a look at a picture on your rages.com. There, I think you'll be mighty impressed. Got more real bad news for the Rush fans because there could be a Rush too, say goodbye to that show, at least until he may make a comeback. I think one of the most heart-or-rinching things I've ever seen in my life. Of course, anytime I look at I'm a son there, it's heart rate, it's got rinching. Was listening in this morning talking about Rush? Yeah, about his own problems, his booze problems, about how it's turned. You should have bring him a bottle of vodka. Yeah, every time I'm a sweet and veteran come in the studio and he whip out a bottle of vodka. Yeah, at about him to hold it up in the air. Or be like if I was there and you were holding up like a container of fish food or a slightly turd-lazy cool. Yeah, exactly what that's, how it's firm. Poor I'm, of course, how can he be cool to a dead man? That's a good question. Anyway, so there was, uh, and that feeling too sympathetic at all. And he was talking about the fact that these re-hand things, the success rate is extraordinarily low. Okay, we don't want to wish you put a pucks on Rush before even starts doing. Yeah, but the success rate on the recovery rate is very, very slim, almost an unexistent. Just a very small handful of re-dedicated people ago when they're buying the bullcrap, buying the 12 steps and the 13 goose steps, those are the ones. Of course, he should be a little ahead of the game because he's already got several goose steps to start, right? Right. So that might give him like a heads up. A head start. We got that 1950. If we dragged that out long enough, we'd get to 2000, but we better not. Wouldn't that be something? We could do it. But of course, we did it with any. Let's do that. Let's leave it on here. All right, well, I won't give the new pool. Well, I can't give the new pool, but we don't have to put it on there. Don't put it on there. No one on until we get 2000, Eric. We got 19, every and 58. Just for fun. Just for the hell of it, not for a particular reason. Let me say it again by the way. Very, very, and federally for Rala Sik. He's out of the weather. He's got the crud. So anybody that's like a spewing crap about the, wow, he, you know, these not going anywhere. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. 10 13 at 5, 60, double the QA, and hey, let me tell you right now. If you want to lose the way, I got two great fat stories. Today Americans getting fat are than ever. And all this other stuff, too. But fat. Yeah. So more and more people who you aren't there are desperate to lose it, because you like to stay alive number one. Maybe you'd like to look a little bit better and put on some real clothing instead of puppets. Fat boy was into this morning is disgusting as ever. So there's a classic example of what you don't want to be as fat boy. Hi, you're powering. So try balance for life because it's getting great results for people, even the disgusting beast. He's still disgusting, but not as fat in disgusting as he used to be. There's no calorie counting, no carb counting, nothing to worry about. Don't even have to go shopping because they deliver right to your dough. A black sack every morning. The key to your losing weight is in your black sack, man. Three gourmet meals, totalishous snacks, right in that sack, and plenty of fresh delicious stuff to keep you happy all day long and full. So you won't be cheating on your program. In fact, balance for life is the only company. Let's you pick between two choices. Reach me on the program and, not only that, but the food is like real stuff. Nothing frozen, no chemicals, no additives. It's not a chemical feast for a beast. So let balance for life help you lose that weight once and for all. Just call them today and get started. You'll see results on the scale in just a matter of days. 954, 5683229, that's the number to be calling. 954, 5683229, I promise you after the first day you'll already look tons better than the beast. Or check them out on the web at balanceforlife.com. This week, on Lifetime, television for women, Monday, it's the classic and brutally honest landmark film, My Breast. Tuesday, it's the award-winning documentary My Other Breast. Wednesday, it's the lifetime original feature film The Breast I mentioned before. Thursday, see a repeat showing of Joanne Stark's feminine masterpiece, both My Breasts and Friday finishes off the week with the made for television movie My Vigina from a Breast perspective. That's all week long on Lifetime, television for women, because even television for women is still programmed by a man. But the obvious question is how many real breasts are left in a world? About 30 men! 10 16 to 5 16 WCW, I guess that does make any difference no more. No, as long as they look good. As long as they look good and feel good and not too old, as long as they not melt in your hands, they're too hard. 1976 votes we got 24 to go to get to the 2000 total, so while we're waiting for that. WBAL in Baltimore drops Rush Fillings. Oiii! Almost immediately after Premier Radio and Ever since on Rush Limbo, we'll be off the mic for five weeks while getting treatments for drug addiction. A Philly at WBAL in Baltimore, 50,000 wide giant. Remember used to work there? Do you know that? No, I didn't. Now you do. I'm immediately forgetting that though. He was a superstar there. Who? What happened to him? WBAL is dropping the Rush Limbo show from its noon to spite of what those Panthers undefeated baby 4 points in three games, right Scott? That's right. I'm right. How about Panthers? Leach got a tie last night against a marginal team. Pretty weak. Now they play great, but they couldn't stick the biscuit in the basket. That was the problem. Do you ever see that Craig Locklin that does the color on their campskins? No. He is the biggest pansy, the biggest fruke. He likes to powder his nah, Wayne Gratsky likes to powder his nah. He could put the biscuit in the basket. Where did they get this fruke? Anyway. The Rush Limbo show is being dropped from WBAL from its noon to three stock extends hip-fractons, local show 9 into 130 pm, and running Ron Smith from 130 to 6 pm. The station will carry Rush's fillings during the station's overnight rerun. Well, everybody is as they say in Yugoslavia, good schluffin. Jeff Bochan, WBAL Station Manager in program director tells radio business report while the decision was made. He said Rush Limbo say one of a kind entity and there is no substitute. How do you like that? I don't know. I don't know. He said, our thought was if we're not going to have Rush on our air, then we're going to take a proven talk show. Hose put him on a radio station in our market. People are proven in a market, allowing our callers to talk about the issues that they care about. And to be honest with you, an easy decision for us. If Rush were taking a week's vacation, it wouldn't be an issue. We certainly would clear the show with its guest host, but we were told five weeks and five weeks is a long time and the all important fall book said Jeff. Yeah, did WBAL will continue to pay its rights fees to premiere. We're going to continue to run the commercials as we're obligated to run the noon to three time period. So we're just going to continue living up to our end of the bargain. Just a matter of what's the right programming to run if we can't put Rush on over the long haul. Any work from every time you go on a move? We might have to hand the cast him on his throat. We notified of advertisers late Friday to be honest at this point. Jeff said we've had no feedback yet, but it's still early in the game. Time Sullivan from cheap channels KFB case Sacramento is filling in yesterday. Today he said he's known Rush for many years and expressed hope that all will go well for him. 90% of the battles in the city have a problem. So he's already looked 90% of the problem. He said Roger Hedgecock from pure channels KOGO San Diego, uh, affiliate is filling in on what's today? On toothing? No, 15th and 16th is Wednesday and Thursday. And Walter, no neck Williams on 10 17 Friday. Remember Walter, what an old neck Williams played for their Indians in the white socks? Now, do we have 2000 yet? Overhittin' there. 1981. Which is a working in 1981. I'm first. Oh, now it's starting to get all it's getting slow. We want to watch because they're jamming on there now. They're pouring into votes. Stay, hey, you Rush. Here we go. 1984. You're a graduate. What? That's the year I graduated. Oh, 1982, I was a WNWS doing old-ianter radio. I'll weshly carcward alike. That will get him in momentarily. He's having a lot of looking for the old Juvo. Oh, I. 1982, and let's see, I feel very sorry for Mr. still behind. Hey Rush, paper or plastic by five votes. Anyway, radio business report makes this observation and this thing and this news release. If one station can pull Rush for five weeks, others may follow. How do you like that? Come up, come up, come up. Five weeks of down ratings can kill a book for any station. I mean, a book is only 12 weeks, so that's almost 10. So many of the stations that clear Rush are clear channel owned. What are they going to do? One G and disappointed with a lineup of replacements offered to suggestion. If Premier were smart, they should have gone after an end-culture or a dentist's miller or somebody with a really smelly box. Somebody's going to be compelling and shake things up, is what he said. But they didn't. They brought in a lot of these bogus people, and nobody heard of, like Tom Sullivan, Roger Hedgecock, and Walter Noneck Williams. And I'm sure Rush ain't too thin. I'm static about that or about being like, I put away somewhere where you can't get ahold of Wilma every day. You know what I'm saying? Hey Wilma. What do you got for me today? Laughing about, he's still probably got to get ahold of Wilma. You know, that once those people are on the inside to get more than he will on the outside. The rumors that I'm here and just asked the governor, ask Governor Jeff. 1986. 1986 votes. We need 14 mole to get to 2000. I thought it would happen a little bit quicker than that, and you maybe everybody got in somebody voted and they can't vote again. It's all seized up. And if you have the bad fortune of having like, uh, AOL, well good luck to you. It's all clear. We hate AOL. AOL is the anti-anti-cree-stomane. They are just obnoxious and useless and if you live with in a 20 block radius of anybody else who's got AOL, you can't vote on our pool. We'd have thousands and thousands of votes. They'd actually be like almost scientific. Well, almost. But every day, but we have a limited number of people I can vote. They can see the results. Some of them can't even see the results. You know that? I know. I'll be dang. So AOL, like I said, you'll anti-cree-stomane. It's very fricol again. Because this is getting a little bit ponderous now. You know, me elected drag things out. It's pretty if they look good. But in this particular case, it's just, uh, come on. Let's go. I think the big pushes are now maybe 1983. Yeah, 1983. Oh, 1993. Well, 1993. Well, 1993. You have little faith. Tell you, like that's what? What more are the questions? Come on, come on, come on, come on. To get to 2000 votes, which... Don't happen to help a lot of time on our pools because like I just said, it's only a limited small, a slic group of people who can make these decisions shaping the future of mankind. Come on, come on, come on. Come on, come on, come on. Here we go. It's very very good. It's very good. Again, we got to grumble over the goose step going out. Get that little dog from Germany. They're getting less standing by to get the goose step. Because he has one finger salute. Okay, it's taking a long time to feel like I don't know. I can't get it. Neither. I don't say it. I want to see it with my own. My own surprise. Come on, here we go. It's very, very short. I got everybody. I guess everybody wanted to be the 2000s vote because they knew that the 2000s vote would get that $10 million price from these little brookers. Huh? I wish I had a gun right on 2000, but it's 2000s. Oh, 2003. And you know what? Guess what year it is. Gun, don't have that. Huh? You see that? What if I always told you on this show or the way these things, like putting the piece of the little puzzle together, it's like sticking your arm up your back. Come ass. 2003, that is so momentous. And hey, Rush Paper of Plastic still beat out. I feel sorry for him by three votes. What's important to me. Thank you very much, folks. That was lovely. Here's a call from Darrell, hello. Hey, how's it going to work on the... Okay, sir. If you were on a strand, you were stranded on a desert island? Yeah. Would you prefer Mr. O'Wiley or Rush? I prefer suicide. Cool A Eat. Jim Jones, I prefer Cool A Eat. Clark Stumps for Presidential votes. Beacom to eat, good segue, George. Clark Stumps for Presidential votes. At way to near this, Scott doesn't know. See? Now you remember he was at the Delhi Den a couple of weeks ago, Wesley Clark, for his first Florida appearance? Yeah, the Scott's from our town. He won't know the significance of this. Oh, well. I hope that Hank's famous. What? What ever happened to the famous? A very good guest over a close. Close. Very close. You'll be amazed at how close you are to famous as out of business. First in peace. That was the best. In the highest beats, Democratic presidential hopeful Wesley Clark waited into the South Florida political landscape again yesterday, touting his party credentials by calling President Bush's record, reckless, radical and wrong. The retired army general met several hundred enthusiastic supporters at, I'm embarrassed to say this. At boy. Oh, the Rascal house. Oh, I definitely want to be treated by singer Frank Sinatra and a bunch of old Jews for stealing pickles and coal slas we speak. Or shoving him in their sack. Oh, hoisting himself up on a wooden chair, Clark told the largely elderly Jewish audience of how his father's work is a local Democratic party boss in Chicago. I mean, this is just amazing. Recalling his nearly 40 years in the military, Clark said Bush's first term, let him to seek the presidency. It hurts me greatly when I look around his great country and I see that all that I believed in is being unraveled, Clark said. There was no immediate comment Monday from the White House. Well, what is that to say? They just jealous that he got the kishki. Right. I don't think they have kishki at the Rascal house. What could they not? Oh, not all dummies have kishki, man. What how could you call it a deli then a Jewish deli if they don't have kishki? But that's a good question. We'll have to find out. I'm sure Hank would know because he's still a little bit. I'm not having kishki. But then again, Hank touts the other place he likes. Oh, he likes Jews. And he also likes the forge, I think. And New York prime, which I understand you're priming. Pokerilla is great, even though Mo is a. Po. Oh, that is tell between his legs because they don't kiss his anciner at the upbring or prime, which everybody including the Humper says is one of the great stay causes in history, man. Kind of, modal like it because they just don't lay out the red carpet and kiss him on a cheats and the lick his dingo berries do all of that stuff. They hate you, mole like everybody else. Clark battling a sore throat told the crowd losing your voice. I guess is the first thing that happens to you when you start to run for orifice, they told me the second thing is to start to lose your handshake. Maybe that was the excuse for his limp orasted, uh, grip for a general man. I'm afraid to ask what the third thing is. Ha ha ha. That's a pretty good line. I'm afraid to ask what the third thing is he said, carpet, and of course I'm sure they all went, I vey as yeah, comedian, no one. Clark was meeting with supporters later in the day attending a local democratic meeting. That's speaking of one another good segue right into our poll for today. Sitting by one of our listeners, which so-called comedian do you think is the least funny? We have four to start here. There are so many. We should have a zid in for this list. Which so-called comedian do you think is the least funny? Tom Arnold, Martin Lawrence, Chris Tucker or Dennis Miller. That's to get you started. This this, Timis would then as a murderer man. I honest to go to the one thing I've always said is that somebody who tries very hard to be funny and isn't as the one the most embarrassing thing. That's him. State of mind. I mean he works at it so freaking hard. Yeah, he is to comedy with the rascal. I was just to food. State of mind, exactly. 1028 at 560WQM if you're underworked if you're trying to work like an uncle of funny's or something like that because your real job doesn't make any cash. Here's the answer for it. Get a real career. Get a computer career thanks to the frame you're going to get from our friends at fast train. Call them today. You've heard me talk about it for a zid in years now over and over and over again. You're set around and thought hey that's us pretty interesting but you haven't made that. Taking the last step and made the call nobody else is going to do it for you. Fast train can really have you trained and certified before this year ends which is not that far off. The demand for computer professionals is still gigantic and what a way to get out of a dead end or crappy job. Then it gets some real skills and a real career. There's no time better time there right now to get you a new hot pain job and a computer industry fast train offers job placement as systems can be need day evening weekend schedules, course offload locations or there's by the way one nearby you and fast train even offers financial assistance for folks who qualify. So pick up that phone right now when you call and talk to the good people at fast train be sure mentioned Todd Drex name. One eight six six fast train that's another call. Check them out first on the web if you like it fast train dot com and then make that call once and for all call one eight six six fast train. Hello I'm Sol and I'm Harry here to tell you about a special place. I'm going to go to the home. Let's go to forget your teeth. I know I got my teeth in the back of the water and everything. All right. 33 at five sixty w few my guess Wesley Clark is if he can't become president he just wants to get some good deli along the way. Maybe that's it. All right why is it going there. Ha ha ha ha. Maybe he's had some bad advice you know. He's got bad advisors here's the final one. Let me just read this first from our buddy and Cleveland. So as I find it so funny listen to the right wing to apologize for what say he has so much pain from his back in neck problems that's why he got addicted. Get almost every clip they show him is on the golf course I guess the pain leaves when he swings a golf club and then maybe when he pops a couple too. Or I'll write out a couple hundred. I also love how he admitted to being addicted to quote medications that've using the word drugs drugs drugs that's right medication sounds so sanitary. That's a Sarah said it's like saying it's like saying. Right. That's the same thing for gave him to him right from a doctor. I mean oxy can is not even though they do call the hillbilly heroine. And who was rush here really to better than to help me. He's a good and red next. That's his crowd. So here's the final let's tell you from the poll 2019. Well, I'm saving this one Eric. This is a keeper a framer 2019 what's your take on a rush. So I'm a good one. I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. So I'm a good one. And I'm justing how your mind works. I different things pop into your head. Dolecoder and Torres Stratford. You know what they had in common? Nothing. Balled. Here's for a lot of day. Hello. Yes, sir. I was watching the dolphin game on Sunday and listening to the QAM broadcast at the same time. Absolutely. So I can hear the mad dog. Right. And I just couldn't believe the screw-up job that your friend mode did. Oh, excellent. This is some of the best news of the week already. All right. Let me say what happened. Sometime in the second quarter, this running back named Fred Taylor. He gets hurt. So they put in a guiding toophil. In toophil plays the rest of the second quarter and in the third quarter, Taylor's back in the game. Well, every time Taylor runs the ball, he calls him toophil. Exactly. This goes on and on and on and on. Finally, he realizes that Taylor's in the game. Because he's dealing with the back of the jersey. Right. So he says Jason Taylor named the tackle. Oh, no. I mean, it was unbelievable. Jason Taylor wasn't. He can't even get his Taylor straight now. He doesn't know who had the ball. If you talk about Chuck and Pansy, where's he only goes through a bad Taylor. He doesn't have a clue of what's going on. No. Absolutely. I always just say thanks to the good news, man. That's the best news like I said it a whole week. The checks in a mail. Send him 10 million to OK. Let's give away all the measly's money. Economy and good condition. Now 44% of year from now, 64%. All the optimists are out there. That's the way to see an end pool. The busher approval rating went up a little bit. I got that. So why the market down today, then? But it's only down so like minimally. Oh, look at that. They have a new on a gambling channel. Yeah. They have a new set now. Look at that. Speaking of them, our new run Ted David was on 60 minutes on Sunday when they were just going to go to hell. Health South. About what? That health South guy. I forget to the then. The name of the CEO there. Well, what about 10 David? They just showed a clip of him because they were showing the CEO on the game. Did he mention my name? They was a little bit more religiously. And even my rip and an ancene is a part of the problem at the gambling channel. And he ought to be in jail along with all those other fake resiner. Especially that what's the ball to the creamer? Larry creamer. Is that his name? I don't know. Whatever it tells me. There he is. There's who. Ted David. Ted David's on right now. All of them, they switched. You just made that up. Sure. Baseball is a big story and whether it's going to play a role in a couple of baseball games. Not in Boston today, but in Chicago, at Wrigley Field actually right now it's carrying down rain. But it's pouring down rain. But it's pouring down rain. And it will be dry at 7pm at the evening, central daylight. Okay, what you're pouring? Okay, so it'll be fine by game time. Now this online nine says Miami again because Scott just can't. He just can't take no for an answer. Just like Rush. Here's Miami online nine alleged. Hello. On the side. It's not funny. Who? That was the guy again. Who knows? The whisper. Who knows? One like he said. I heard what he said. One decides. Do we know who that is? Is she funny? No. Okay. One decides. Well, there's the acronic, actually had something to say today. Mark that down. They're ready. Okay. This is a better day. We got a whole bunch of moments. That's amazing. Nothing new, of course. We got moments. We got moments. And you can shake your work at. And then of course, they're air work at. And we got over 2,000 votes on a pull from yesterday. That Rush is a big fat piece of crap. And everybody's dancing on his grave. We're static about it. Aren't we? We bet. Although we don't have 31,665. I bet you if I were to one do in that crossover there would come by. If I were to say, you know, we need 35 bucks partner for a band of perist, you to get to 32,000. He'd have whipped it out right there and a checkbook too. It written a nice big fat one. Right? He would. He would. He's a good guy. He has a man. She's one of the few good people in our station. We have a lot of tight, wild, you know, that don't want to come through with a few bucks. We need 35 bucks today. We ought to, since it's early in the day now. Now I got what? You're laughing about nothing. I just told you. No, no, no, no, no. How these over we had Columbus Day and the Canadian Thanksgiving yesterday. Now everybody's supposed to be back. And a bottom line is all the big shooters render. The heavy hitters I know fat boys there because he was talking to me. Papa, hey, I'm not those sabers. How the sabers. Hi, you're telling me? Yeah, but 11,000 people that showed up yesterday for their game. No, they're not drawn flies already. The people in Buffalo are just looking for excuse to turn their ass on them. You're almost smelt it up here. But he could well whip it out right now. If he could find it, he's probably got his checkbook hidden in his full. Oh, man. No, it'll always be a big rumor. I want to get fat against. We can find a good place to hide the wall. The wall. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Hey, if you want to replace that old tad carpeting in your home, if you want to save some money, here's a good idea for you. Let me tell you about Lamin and Cerras do the easy low maintenance alternative to that very, very expensive natural wood flooring. That cost in armonish four legs like that cow. You see the count has got to waste your legs? That's it, Lamin. Cerras is the best place to find Laminated wood flooring from Peridor per go, Wilson Art Uniform and Quickstep and all of Laminants are us flooring installed by people already know there's stuff per go certified installers. Here's another good reason why you should call Laminants to us instead of anybody else. Their prices are so low that they'll probably. For you. In fact, right now you can get their fall special. For just 1495 bucks. See how good my memory is that's from his yet. Just 1495 bucks gets you up to 295 square feet of beautiful Laminate wood flooring. It is positively unbelievable and unbeatable too. And Laminants are us speaking of unbeatable will match any legitimate written offer. You can't be doing with your stick for a free and home estimate. Call Laminants are us toll free at 1-877-777-73336. They make it so easy. You have to be a fool to say no. They give you a free carpet disposal, free furniture moving at 25 year warranty. And years and years of beautiful easy care. Laminate wood flooring. Call them today. The 11th rush is a toll free call. Call the Cracky Old Deal toward the call 1-877-777-73336. The 5th local V6 is V6. The radio is all yours. Oh, I'm a QEM. God, a shuffle with Swag. He's taking a day morning. He's on an anti-bush, can't you blame? In furthernal politicians tonight, a four-star candidate wants the chance to run against Lord's of Airborne. He's Southern. A military veteran had reservations against the war. Retarginal was a car. He's the one who's the one who's so more than what he got to give them. Oh, they saw an employment trip for the only. I ain't so sure about the economy. Whoa! With no experience, he's the one. Yeah! Whoa! When's clock is running? Good luck with what pushed his head. They just done. A shuffle with Swag. He's taking a day morning. He's on an anti-bush, can't you blame? Right now with chances to count on the lane with honey. He's on an anti-bush, can't you blame? Let me hear those jelly. I'll tell you that. The general 1045 at 5.60WQ. Let's get to the morning for the list. Then I want to try something with this audio thing. Okay. I'm going to try a little experiment. Here's the cool springs. Hello. Hello, Neo. Yes, sir. Long time first time. How you doing? All right. I got some great names for you, Liz. My female choice is wuffy. And my male choice is Robin Williams. Oh, excellent. All right. I think Robin Williams used to be funny about 30 years ago, you know? He's so ugly. I'm going to mention him. Yeah. Two good choices, man. Thanks. I think so. See you. Okay. We got the wuffy goldberg. Oh, she gives me the willy's man. She just, I'm sorry. The roster locks just I can't deal with. Does that make me a bad guy? No. Does that make me prejudiced? Yes. Robin Williams and wuffy goldberg. Okay. We'll have a list of about 100 here. Here and here. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Hello. Miami, yes, sir. Hi. Are you doing Neo? Pretty good. Hey, I'll be meeting you to the punch. I was going to have the death wuffy goldberg off. Okay. So anyway, I just wanted to make that the death. And I appreciate that. You're a thunder. Okay. Thanks, Pally. Have a great day. Must have been a psychic thing. No, you think? Oh, five, six, seven, five, six, five, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, eight, ten, two, what's so called convenient to think is the least funny? Now, let me just try this. Okay. I mean, I don't imagine John records land. I can't remember what he says. I don't remember what he says. I don't remember what anybody says. Remember the color of the other day. Said that there weren't any cup fans and a stand over the weekend. That was a bunch of crap. I saw a part, especially Friday and Saturday. There was more cup fans there. And you can shake your wicked. Now, let's see how this is going to sound. Okay. All right. And it's going to work. Trust me, my real one plate. And could let me get off. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. I'm holding this thing in my hand. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. John records land. That could have been you. Well, that's been a great day. Oh, it's all. You need to know the weed. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Okay. Now, how does that sound? Loud and tinny. Really? I mean, it ain't bad, but it ain't good either. Not like other things that you play, you know, from the proper places. Well, I understand that. But I'm doing it over the mic. I'm holding up a speaker. Oh, no. We don't have like wired into the board. Are you crazy? Are you some kind of a lunatic? Yes. The things that we're going to go to such great lines to do something like that. I could probably call one of the engineers up here. One of our friends who set this studio up in a first place and had them come out here without them. Even though it had down there and say, hey, I'll take your area. Here's 50 bucks. Like you can eat with course five minutes of work. Right. Five minutes of job. Stick a wire right there and put it. So it didn't sound probably about. It's it's fine for a fact if you want to make a point or something. What do you mean by that? Like another word if you want to say. What's the point? Yeah. No, because I was going to play like the Tanner stuff and then enjoy Reynolds crab. How's that? Is that better? What? Let's say that. Who cares? Is that better? Probably sounds better than most people's radio anyway. Oh, there you go. How do you like that? Especially on our great. Hey, I'm signal. Although we are now. What is it? Are we HD, uh, TV radio? Told man. Where digital is anybody in South mode? Have a digital radio? No, but man, it was sound really great. How it sounds like Westbrook fan 4. He's in George with sound like Walter Cronkite. If you just had the right radio. Absolutely. Let's say Jay Moore. M.O.R. H. M.O. H.R. Well, he got it spelled wrong. Okay. Well, I got the right letter. She's just got him in a wrong order. This is Lewin Westdale Ray. Or somewhere. Jay Moore. I don't know who that is. You don't know anybody is this guy. Is so not anything funny? It says, please add that no talent. Turned fomber to your pole. He's funny. He's heard fomber. I didn't know that. And he's not funny. P.S. I thought I did tons of drugs. Says Lew until I heard about all the oxies, Blimbo, no noodle, uh, bought. Jesus was he dealing or something? He was just having a good time. He was just feeling mighty good. Okay. Like a good old right wing or should. Because he didn't listen to an assy Reagan. He didn't just say, no. He didn't say no. He said yes. Please. I should read all those articles again and again. And again. Because everybody loves it. Sure. Just play the tape. We don't want to pee on everybody's parade. That's necessarily. Okay. Anybody on here that we want to hear. Wana Johnny. Who? Who can say new jersey? How about Wana Johnny for, uh, Scott there. He probably don't even know who that is. I don't want to hear it. Oh, yeah. How about the real Don steal? How about Charlie tuna? Sure. Well, Wolfman Jack from KXL Y and Spokane 1975. Wolfman Jack from Spokane. No, I want to hear that. Because I used to listen to Spokane radio a lot. Exclusively. Well, I don't you want to hear that. I do want to hear that. I want to hear that. Somebody that we've actually heard of. We've never heard of John record's Landekker in Chicago. Who the hell do you think you are? WLS? The punk. This will play. We have it. Otherwise we're going to have to. If it doesn't play, I'm going to have to like read it. We have to shut the CBS news. We have reboot music for you, sir. Yeah. Good air check here. What is this? The movie. The movie. The movie. The movie. The movie. The movie. Can two, three. A clock, four, a clock, a clock, a clock. Six, nine, ten. A 11, a clock, twelve. A clock, a clock, a clock, a clock. How do I build Haley still then? This is Mr Phil How can I build Haley still then? I'm not the architect of this. What are you just hearing? What is this? Let me move my little button ahead, right? You move your butt ahead. Get a lot of good music but we're in a real fan show. Watch him look so f***ing him. Like I said it was a bad choice. Okay but that is gonna work fine. It'll be okay. I mean then sound real bad, is it? No. I think I got speakers instead of all that bulk crap you tell me but oh you probably don't have any audio card in that computer. Is that what you tell you that? I have no sound card. No I just said it all the time and I'm putting it off on you because it's what I always do. I said you had no sound mind. Oh well that's for sure. Look who I work for. Here's a call from Pompano. Hello. Pompano. Can you believe that? There's nobody in Pompano under the door. There we go. Yes sir. Yes sir. What's wrong with him? Okay 5.6 7. I hope he had a good time. He's thinking he was popping something? I think so. I think maybe the reshuren. 5.6.7.0.5.60. Pompano 5.60 on the 18. Oh I know what I wanted to mention to you. Yeah. Because last Friday when you were off Scott was blaming you for his own ineptitude, as usual. Because somebody said crap or something. And he said oh well George told me never hit the duck button. I told him to stay away from things. Yeah. That's true. But that is making a joke. Isn't necessarily a good idea when you're not there. Him. Because you should have seen the scene every time that anything questionable would come up. He scrambled and asked me questions and I told him just calm down and lead decision making to other people. I understand but let me say it again when you're not there and when we're there who's a course paying less than a retention. Oh it's probably wasn't a good idea. I really did a good idea. Leave that instruction in his mind. I probably should have spoken to Miguel about that then. Probably should have spoke to Miguel and put it on your touch in that button. Jerry Seinfeld. No because he'll still start pressing all the time. All the time. But he's got you. One in double. We don't dump everything I say. We don't dump anything when I say. I'll have to have it a couple of times. I'll try today. Okay Jerry Seinfeld. He definitely belongs on there. I'm so sorry. I didn't remember that. What do we got so far here? What's so called comedian? Do you think he's the least funny 72? Tom Arnold 27 Dennis Miller 25. Good battle going on. Martin Lawrence 13. Chris Tucker 4. What we go. Two rather Williams 1. Montesites. None. And Jane Moore and Jerry Seinfeld will be dead. Bill and Ford Lauderdale. Oh yeah. He says, Juan de Sics is the female voice on the turn of the back seat bit you have. Really? Yes. Well I have to play that. She can be funny at times. Most of them. I don't think that. I mean that was a funny bit but I don't think it's like that doesn't know. I mean you a comedian. No. She can be funny at times. Most people remember her for her lame attempted humor on a recent video music video awards. She relayed a bomb. A big smelly one. And then actually stuck in a plug for a show on comedy central at the end of her bit. Bad timing after bombing in front of the world. Nobody will tune in the show now on comedy central in place. I'll thank you Bill and Ford Lauderdale. I appreciate that you want to hit you like poison because it's his love George blah blah blah. It's everyone's on. I love Bill too. Yeah. I love him all. Here's a call from Miami. When is this? Me or you there? You're some right here. All right man. Funny story about the beats this weekend. And there's you know, Dane you beat. And there's a lot of gay people. Dane you beat. They're listening to the dolphin game. And you know that they worship your men. They're. Of course. They copy everything he said. I mean of course. You don't kind of like woman. Oh right. Exactly. You know, a little bit more feminine than that. But pretty close. Yeah. Oh, I mean. I'm I'm actually they were going to say. Who's going to get a little bit more feminine than that? But pretty close. Yeah. I'm actually they were seeing that. Oh, they all stood up then. But anyway. Who's that a hole from tool time? The a hole from what? Tool time that show. Oh Tim Allen. Oh yeah. Tim Allen. It's. It's. It's. Oh, you're. You're. All right. I got to go to the bathroom right now. But in closing. It's. Oh, please. Tim Allen. It was funny for. Well, see. Let's see. It. Let's see. What's the other thing they were probably showing up there. Danny Beach. I'm trying to find it. I'll find it. Oh. Oh, well. You're so big. Yeah. Yeah. They were probably into that pretty deep. Yeah. Do that. Right, so much crap going on with all that. I want to play that bill Tanner clip from while 100 think I've ever remember that No, I might actually even though I hate him like boys 19's that you hate bill Tanner like poison you better show a little respect Mr. You're in the creek and Tanner building man Remind me you better show some respect model. Dole troll Next thing you'll be picking on poor g Michael McGay that'll be next You know he was a very nice guy to work with on the couple of occasions who's that? G Michael McCay filled up in the evening on IOD when I was a rover I never said nothing bad about him. Hey gentlemen. I wish him all the best all the only problem with him is he's got to work with that asshole Russell Wases God, do we hate Russell Wases talk about a real smucked just going to a bucket of crap with that The anti man love those moosey spots though By the way nice dinner with Joey Reynolds Russ when they try to get to lie to you We were gonna put together this national talk network and the whole thing was about my They wanted trying to give me to stem Rick and Susan aback and get Joey on and the afternoon Oh brother remember that yeah, that was one of the most unbelievable Joey of all people I am that him or pain in the ass Joey freaking Reynolds I have my nose up meals. I'll get it out of there alright people lungs on there On where oh, yeah, what do they say to comedian? No, we're gonna use that radio people are gonna have a long list absolutely Penthip the seven at five sixty wq and if you want a really great place for a snack for a meal for breakfast or lunch for dinner Whatever, Vick and Irves and I know it well because I ate there as in times in Rochester, New York right across I could throw a giant brick from here and probably hit cops Hill and Rochester right now probably sniffs them at the lielocks Wow Vick and Irves has been around since 1934 and they're located now down there right there right in your backyard I'm federal highway just south of Bradford and then tumble on east side Vick and Irves is like a flashback in town to what really good fresh stuff used to be Go in and drive burger or hot dog served hot fresh and fast with their out of this world signature meat sauce Port on top it is on Bealivable nobody else does the same thing and Vick and Irves is brought to you and for a lovely about the same guys Vicki you cheaper for cheaper and the good news fee was they used the same price 100% ground chuck meat at Cheaper receiver and offer an incredible quarter pound hot dog How much a few of you guys have had a weiner like that in your mouth ever before if you're looking for something else Trivicaners breakfast too. They've got a fantastic breakfast menu. I'm let's cook the order French toast pancakes all your favorite side This is go buy a vick and Irves whether you're from Rochester whether you're from Depue from Batavia Libreoy for Donia Dunkirk Depue whatever hell it is and see what all talk is about you have to be a Rochesterian We've been from the state in York to appreciate the great food at vick and Irves They're unfetterable highway just south of Bradford Boulevard and the tunnel on the east side be sure and tell them that old Neil Senshubai You Thank you for calling this this T-Toy and I'm out here. I just picked up my 92 core from your life And that is on Tuesday in the back seat. Are you sure? Yes And there's what there's one vaccine a turn a paper a big and human turn in the back seat of my car Damn, I assure you our guys did not take it's up in your car if you want to bring that car back And we'll take a look at it. You know you want to take a look at it My car is fine. It's a big and turned in the back seat. Okay. What would you like me to do? I could okay, how about I go to your house and pick a local your cow up on this man What would you like me to do to fix the situation? I want somebody to come over here Get the turn out my back seat. That's not gonna happen What is that going on? You can bring the car here and we can take a look at it I have to bring it back there. You know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna take a dump in every last car You got there. I'm gonna peel your cow up and do it all. Okay, you how it feels? Okay, you know what you feel like a big girl in man. It probably came out your way Oh, yeah, I don't make it happen to go and I'm thinking of dumping the car About 400 pounds that's your turn that's right there That came up from a 400 pounds man. This is a 400 pound man Either that old gorilla I'm driving this car right to my lawyer's office and I'm gonna let the whole world see you I'm gonna be on a news this evening, buddy But I'm gonna get seven on my side. What you want to be on the news can you describe this This is I mean, what's it look like you know what it is? It came out your way What the hell you were trying to ask me what color I say what it smells undone That's what it smells like It smells like you sold your ass to the devil You're leaving from the pizza hell Well, how many is it how long is this? It's not as long as my own How do they just let why don't this is not put? I got them down to my floor and I bet see You know, I think it after this a racial stick too that's what they are A little chance a run it away from it How much off on this funny I'm a little hungry. I'm hungry. You're having a cereal wheel too, don't you? All right, all right. How long does it look like it's been sitting there? The Steve is coming off of it, okay? Steve, Steve is coming off of it? Yes. He's a little hungry. I'm just going to be a little hungry. I am taking this as a fresh turn. Okay. What you need to do is you need to bring that shirt back. And we'll match it up. We have a line up. We'll match it up with the other turds that we have. Well, what you need to do is learn how to use a ton. We say you're not going to bring the shirt back to me? No. You know what? Is this a sample? No. I'm starting to like it. I'm going to keep it as a pack. Well, keep it. Because it's a nice book. You know what? It's a nice conversation piece. Okay. Okay. Thanks. Oh, thanks. Now that's one of the sights. Yeah. Yes. I mean, that's an amusing bit and a lot of people like that. But is she like funny? No. It's just you get some votes. Here's the fact with somebody else's 80 Randy sends us his 50 top choices. Jay Leno, David Letterman, Ray Ramona, Chris Rock, Rosie Gak O'Donnell, and Ellen D. Generit. Well, let's put them all on there. What the hell? I'm going to be happy about a hunch rock on there. What? Chris Rock is a life riot and he uses the word. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. We're not asking you. I agree with you. But Jackie Mason, I'm going to put on there. Somebody facts that I think Jackie Mason's hysterical. He would always been doing the same act for 50 years. He's still funny. It was funny in the 50s. No, he's still funny. He's still very funny guy. Of course, I don't see him. No, no, maybe that's why it's compared to Mo. I'm just putting on the list with the people saying that you're not going to be the little dictator. Well, you know, you like Chris Rock. I think he's hysterical too. In little tidbits. He's not funny for like long stretches. You know what I mean? You've seen him in long stretches? No. Oh. I don't want to see him up. What the hell is that? Oh my god. Look at that. I think that's alive. I just watered up that list at Randy's semi. And now it's like unfolding on the floor. It's like moving. It's crawling around. Let's see. Here you go. Rosie O'Donnell. And Ben Stein. How has Ben Stein supposed to be a comedian? He's not a comedian. Yeah, well. I don't know how much stand up comedy he's done, but he's supposed to be a comic. Ben Stein? I guess. And when is in when Ben Stein's money that guy that right wing a self-hating Jew asshole? We were all in. Okay, put him on there. Okay, Ben Stein. He's about as funny as cancer of the rectum man. Now, listen, I want to see if this is going to work. I don't know. And maybe you'll remember some of this. And maybe you won't. Although we better take hold on. Don't play it. No, don't play it. Pause it. Oh, thank goodness. Because if I don't get the lady in Davian, she'll run away. Here's the lady in Davian. Well, I have a wrong line. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I was worried if he had Bob's tagging on that list. Bob's tagging? That is a good choice. Bob's sagging. Oh, he's terrible. Okay. Worst, he finds himself very amusing by the way. Oh, he does. The good choice, pal. Thanks. Here's the lady in Davian right here. Hello. Yes, man. Can you hear me? I hear you just like you're on the phone, right? Do you hear me? Very good. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm going to make this click. Okay. Can you hear the other day you played a record? What's the question? Do for fun. Right. I have since didn't hear it. Can you please play it again? It's coming up in four or five minutes. Thank you so much. Just for you. Thank you. Have a great day. How do you like that? What do you want to go in? Do for fun. Now, let's see if this thing will play. Oh, Jesus. Can you please? Bob, what a question. Do for fun, Bill. What? Ok, let me slide in the hair. We still going. Don't fight for it. They're all the same. Radio station. It's over 3, 4, 7, 8, 7, 8. So I got it here at the time. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. Why? 100? I'm trying to pick up the pieces of our clock here. to one look at Jim Ruey and covered its face with its hands. Oh, that's a mess. So this is the top of the company. Yes. Are you looking at us? What the fuck are you looking at? You don't look that funny. I'm using it. Jim Ruey read the wrong thing in the newspaper. It's 10 minutes after six rides. Right. Right. You're getting everybody my an altar. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's it. That's it. Oh yeah. He was good though. I don't care what you say. He was good on the ear. Even if you think he's an asshole. Put it on. Yeah. I know he wasn't good on the ear. Oh, I'm just saying that I'm just observing that he had a pretty damn good show. So I came along and kicked his ass on and said, and I was going to the other excellent. X Naples priest faces new sex abuse suit. I just can't believe all these stories. I think we're just making these up. This is quite a story too. Two more pages if you want them. Are they juicy? No. Do you see? I think all the good stuff is on here. Former St. Anne's altar boys, the latest accuser of William Romero, who also faces a Miami criminal probe. Hey, father. How's it going, father? What's that thing in your neck there? That little white piece of cardboard there? Oh, yeah, that's like a license. You know how you like having your driver's license? Right, and you're wallet? Will you put your license to molest children in your on your neck? Father. You're helping all the boy. I'm a Catholic. No. They tried to be good Catholics when their son said he had been sexually abused by father. Oh, no, I can't do that. They made that name up. Oh, no. Thank goodness his name wasn't father Johnson. Abused by father Willie and the rectory of Syrectum Reef St. Anne Catholic Church, the Naples Florida couple was dumbfounded. They turned to another priest for help. Oh, oh. He told him to keep quiet for the good of the church. What a surprise. In return they were promised to Reverend William Romero would leave St. Anne and never again work as a parish priest, or in an unsupervised setting with children. That was in 1976. Earlier this month, the former altar boy in St. Anne's student, now a 40 year old married father living in Lee County, filed suit against Romero on the archbishop of Miami. Oh, right. Planning church leaders broke the secret pact by quietly transferring the wayward priest to other parishes, or he to be his more children. What a surprise. How unusual. Hmm. This is their church. This is where they prayed that Naples attorney Ted Zelman. Sounds like a real, uh, juboy to me. Referred to the decision by the victims parents to generation to go to trust their spiritual leaders, rather than go to police or the court system. Southwest Florida was partly Miami archdiocese until 84 when Catholic churches in Cogia, Lee, Sarah, so did another counties. They came partly new diocese of Venice. Maybe they were on the Gondola, maybe they're in the Gondola with foster hewit. That's why the loss of was fathered in dates County Circuit Court and names, Archbishop John C. Favaroola is a defendant along with Romero to which we say, Oh, right. The victim who threw some into climate interview request is identified in court papers only as A.B. A.B. That sounds like another Jewish boy, A.B. Ischka Bibble. According to a legal complaint, Romero gradually initiated inappropriate conduct with the victim when the boy was 12 or 13. First it to child's home through a game of leap frog and later on an overnight stay at the St. Anne Rectimerie, a game of leap frog. The old-year boy arrived at St. Anne for what he thought was a group sailing trip with his youth pastor and catacus in teacher. He realized no other students were present. Later that night after returning from a movie with another priest, Romero persuaded the boy to shower with them lawsuits. Romero proceeded to test the boy's sexual organs while masturbating himself. Sounds reasonable? The 66-year-old former priest who resigned from the clergy earlier this year, mid-end internal diocese's probe of sex abuse complaints, couldn't be reached for comment despite all cost of his home in La Belle. How do you like that? I don't. How about Patty La Belle, huh? She's on the facts that says? Please tell Uncle Neil that AOL voter users can vote and polls and get results. Just use Internet Explorer to access NeoRogges.com and vote your asses off. It says no chance this way either. So I guess if you go direct to AOL, your screw is what they're trying to say. That's what it is, I guess. So using an Internet Explorer man, because AOL blows the O in it stands for obnoxious, outrageous, unfreaking, acceptable. AOL. Who do we hate more AOL or Belsa, umpsor? Probably it's after 11 at 5. 60. How's Gary started doing? Haven't seen him lately? He's busy with his new munchkin. I wonder who's going to be able to see his close personal friend is twin in your next time I go. I wonder who's going to be seeing him hanging around. What up? Oh man, if you're right, I've got to start taking that camera. Start taking the picture. You would be in your pants. You're in your pants. You're in your pants. You're in your pants. You're in your pants. You're in your pants. You're in your pants. You're in your pants. You're in your pants. You're in your pants. You're in your pants. You're in your pants. You're in your pants. You're in your pants. You're in your pants. You're in your pants. You're in your pants. You're in your pants. You're in your pants. You're in your pants. You're in your pants. You're in your pants. You're in your pants. You're in your pants. You're in your pants. You're in your pants. You're in your pants. You're in your pants. If you're old mattresses, you head some accidents like that. And maybe it's just lumpy and worn out for you. Here's the way to get you a new mattress. And a great night sleep for years to come. One easy call. What a simple people. A piece of shopping. Pretty simple people. That's right. Just pick up your phone and call dial a mattress any day 365 days a year. And they give you the best deal going all the way around. They've got the top prices and the best deals on dozens of top models from all the big names in a business. See these sort of tempered, ptcimmons, king coral Stearns of it. So call 1-800-MATT-T-RES and just sit there on your ass. There will be no time at all. No nonsense, no bait and switch, no house brands, no phony promises and best of all. You'll never have to pay premium for the best service going anywhere. You'll get service like you only dream about from the Livry Team Rack number 1 and customers satisfaction. When you call that a mattress at 1-800-MATK, you still get to pick the day and time for delivery and they show off it's like a freaking miracle. Any to our window seven days a week from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. Believe you me, you'll be sleeping like me like a baby on your dialometrist. I have been doing for years. Low prices, same date delivery, free stuff and removal, what's not to like it's easy to see. My dialometrist is the best in the world of customers satisfaction. So don't get sucked in by those mattress rooms or furniture store ads. They're not in the same league with dialometrist. Call them right now. They'll be knocking on your door in no time at all when you want them to. Call 1-800-MATK, 1-800-MATT-T-RES or you'll find them online at MacFrist.com. Why don't you know why come to know why come to know? Do they get us home and time while meeting out there gun? Why come to know why come to know what Christians who were born? Do they all wish of the fish on the tailgate of their truck? Why come to know why come to know what Christians who were born? Do they get us home and time while meeting out there gun? When you're beguilty for kids... ...you can't leave without rules. Letkeys and children do. Let the给我 scums,цней, poori and What a glam do for fun. It's 118 at 5.60 W to Q and here's one of his three-star highest-known names. I know it's a lame to say I hate him. Can't remember his name. He is the voice of a little kid named Bobby on a cartoon show. He's Canadian. And says, God damn it. I hate days when my member can sell steak. I take pity his name is Bob. God Bob can't go. I wrote that with a question mark because I don't know who he means but that's my guess. Oh. His Bob. Bob? Sponge? Oh, speaking of Sponge Bob. Here's two. Send that in Kira top. Oh, hey. Are we going to pick on Kira top again? Please. Good. Let's do it. Oh no. Sissy's we counterbees by priest. Are you making these up? I think you just have a place where we just crank in East India. We're going to crank up these bubble mice's that they say in Siberia. I'd like to a group. Oh, do you know there's letters we were talking about this before. The letters home from the soldiers that turn out to be really bogus of four letters. The letters appeared in roughly 12 newspapers across the country from Massachusetts to California and for many places in between family members and local newspapers received letters from soldiers from the second battalion. The 500 entered between regiment detailing their successes at Northern Iraq. Um... And, okay. Well, why can't we get to the right part of it? Amy, Conal, of Sharon Masne, who as soon as she received letter from her son Adam that he didn't write it. He's 20 years old, that's how I'm in the news last night, just here. No. He's 20 years old. I don't think this is his language or his writing ability would have entailed that kind of description. She was right, her son didn't write the letter and emailed ABC news today, the commander of the battalion, Lieutenant Colonel Dominic Caracelot, said the letter writing initiative was all his idea. Propaganda, maybe. Conal, Cilose, said he circulated the form letter with soldiers to give them an opportunity to let the respective hometowns know what they are accomplishing here in Kyrh Cook. As you might expect, they're working at extremely fast pace getting the good news back home is no easy. The good news sounds like more Christian fun. We thought it'd be a good idea to encapsulate what we as a battalion of accomplices arriving in Iraq and share that pride with the people back home. He wrote that his staff drafted the letter, he edited it, reviewed, and then offered it to soldiers. Every soldier who signed that letter did so after a careful reading, he said, some of could find the time to set it to send their own versions while others chose not to take part in the initiative. Correctional was unparalleled, saying letter perfectly reflects what each of these brave soldiers has and continues to accomplish on the ground, as what he said. And they said, you believe me? Yes, I said that, you believe me? About Kekul, that's what we think, but I really don't know it. I hope he's not kidding. I have a public service announcement. Yes, it's how he mandell. That does. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, I'm so glad we got how he mandell on there. He gives him, he makes my inner just twitch. Hey, he makes my kishki's ache. I don't understand how he mandell at all at all. I've never been able to understand why anybody would think he's funny. He's annoying. He's irritating. I'm so glad we got that. Thank you. You don't understand how he's up there. No. How he got to where he used to be. Oh, not another one. Is this the priest thing? What is this? Oh, you got so much stuff coming in here now. What about the pink killer reduction? Is there more to that? There better be two more pages if you want them. Well, please. Oh, yeah, because it's about our good friend Rush. That's what the whole thing is about all Rush all time. You can't hear Rush himself. So what will do is we'll just rip him an answer for our zoby-day while he's in rehab. And we'll probably get will-ma-on here. How's Wilma doing? Won't see her normal. Anyway, let's see. Should we do that one first? Let's get to more names for this poll. We've only got a hundred of them. Which so-called comedian do you think is the least funny? See, and of course, when they'd like that, they're Randy, which is the fact is still rolled around on a floor moving. When they sent a list of aid, I mean, what does that mean? I guess he's just trying to put names that he thinks belong unless but that doesn't. It's not really responsive to the question. So Monash, Donald, how's that? Why should they be any different from for any other day? Because they just don't respond. They have like their own agenda. They have their own homosexual agenda. 200 one votes, not too bad. Tom Arnold 49, Dennis Miller 44. I hope Dennis Miller won. Me too. I don't want to. I don't want influences, but I hope Dennis Miller wins because he's a freaking asshole man. So I'd go to four. He's a moron. And I'm so glad to be ABC took a deep inside the old bottom. Right, Tom. Twice put in him on a Monday night football, which was an absolute abortion. And the fact that we had people on this radio station, he's a, oh, he's not so bad. He's a piece of crack. Yeah. When he ended those broadcasts, you could put in a teacup and everyone for the guy damn Chinese army left over. Maybe they could try someone who ain't a Nazi next time. There you go. Or maybe somebody who actually has something to do with the sports or sports broadcasting as opposed to trying to bring in some crumudge in in there who thinks he's a comedian. Sports. Some Nazi. Although I said Heinrich Kimmer was a lot of fun today. Cocktail party. Tom Arnold 49 and then, of course, the rushing on ESPN is jammed at right up the right dome. Yeah. Don't remember McNeb took his foot and shoved it right up rushes ass and hey, rush it hurts, but the top of couple. The handle stopped real quick. You'll be golf at a no time at all. And then amazing how somebody's bad. There always playing golf. OJ with his bad knees. He's playing golf. He got rushes like in tremendous. Nick and back pain. He's out there whacking it around. Wacking it around. Man. Tom Arnold 49 does Miller 44. Martin Lawrence 21. It just changed again. I'm hoping maybe Dennis Miller moves up a little. Oh look at that. Like I said, Dennis Miller does say the power of Neil. You see that? Yeah, that's good. It's just tied him Tom Arnold 49 and Dennis Miller 49. He's got a past. I'm our lucky stand and still. We'll be Goldberg 22. Martin Lawrence 22. I'll tell you another guy who I think is not funny at all. And everybody that's going to pee pissed off when I say this. John. Litter. No. Oh, don't don't be picking on poor John, Ritter. Oh, he wasn't funny. John, he was a night court. Big guy. Goofy looking guy. You mean John Lerick hat. John Lerick hat. And you think he's funny? He was funny and shows, but as far as the. He's not funny. He's an asshole man. John Lerick hat. Get him on there. All right. I'd rather see Cliff our kid at least he was funny. Right? Sure. I'm going to butcher this name. Cliff our cat was great. John Lerick hat. L. A R I Q U as in queer queen. Q U E T T E. You got your two T T's there? Yes. E John Lerick hat. Good. Let's see Martin Lawrence 22. Rosie O'Donnell. That fat guy. Bitch has got 15. We hate you Rosie. There's a lot of hate pen up on us. And that's why we like to show so much as we get a chance to like went and down. We let it out. Top another one, Rush. Ben Stein 10. So I guess he is supposed to be. I don't know. I thought he was just a philanthropist. He gives his money away once a lot of publicity for it. And a right wing asshole. How come most of the assholes team seem to be right wingers, you know? Hmm. Wanda Sites 9. Robin William 6. Jerry Seinfeld 6. Karratop 5. Chris Tucker and his mother 5. Tim Allen 5. Ray Romano 4. Jackie Mason's got 4. See you think, who's he was saying didn't belong on it or Chris Rock? Well he probably has got one. That's probably the God sent an amen. Yeah. Ellen D. Jennerwood's got to nothing funny about that bitch. I'll tell you that right now. She makes my skin crawl. Why is anybody like her because she's a diek? See if you're going to like diek. So at least like what attractive ones, you know hot dikes. There's nothing worse than a cold Flabby diek. Like her. She's a Flabby called nasty diek who's not attractive. She's not funny. She just keep won't go away. That's the thing that posts me about her. She won't go away. She just keeps coming back. Over and over. They keep sticking around there. That's what I'm saying. She keeps making it come back that bitch. And her public says, ah, and she's like a little, uh, little too diek for us. And then of course, and hate what the hate is going on with her. Okay, like this way she's straight. She's with a guy and then next way she's like all over the place. 11 27 and 5 60 W to QM. Have your hairs all over to place mostly off your head. Here's the answer for a Charles Alphiiri and his natural hairline system. You can monkey around with all these other people. You can listen to all these other peddlers out there. Everybody in the world now is peddler and hairpieces and holes in the head and magic pills that make your hair grow back. Not the natural hairline system is the best in the world which for a while for over 25 years now. People with the big bucks and even slippers go to Charlie and everybody in between to matter how much you spend. You can't get a better look ahead of here. The natural hairline system. That's why they call it natural hairline because that's what it looks like. There's really grown out of your scalp like it's your real hair as opposed to a dead farm enemy along your head. So you have nothing to lose but the ball spot because when you get it everybody gets Charlie's 30 day guarantee. If you don't love the way your hair looks and feels and smells, if you're not getting ahead at least 15 20 30 times a day, return it Charlie give you your money back. No problem at all. And be sure to mention my name when you call because Charlie give you 200 bucks off the regular price just for having the Cahons to mention your rodges when you make that phone call. The number to call. It's all too old for you to get your hair back and look better and younger than you ever dreamed you could again. It's 1-800-321-2413. That's 1-800-321-2413 or log onto it. Charles Alphiari.com. My life in local year sports video 5-60-U. U-AM. That was a nice. The 80s are back. They are. Oh, huh. And 50s funny man. Jerry Lewis is too. Are you sure? Well kind of. And now the 50s meet the 80s to form a super group for the new millennium. Introducing Jerry Lewis and the news. Hey, ladies. The hard to rock and roll. Hard to rock and roll is still bathing with the ventricles and the AR then clean lens. Are ready which is like an employee and all those places. The King of Comedy is about to become the Prince of Pop. It's Jerry Lewis and the News. The 80s of please I like a new drug. No, me those ways. It is the nice man of pharmacist type. Where's it in the white gold? Where's I? I need my key. Hey, it's him to be square. And it's even hipper to buy something round. Like the new CD from Jerry Lewis and the News. Available you can find it wherever fine records are sold with a nice man behind the ground that they help you find it with the nice lady. Parson okay. You know, no. So book obfices. Jerry Lewis is Lee funny. I don't think you're too many arguments, right? Okay. I mean, what's upon a timey was funny? No. You can't hear it. Oh, you're so to waste. Anyway, put his ass on there. Now, if you could have just seen or you watching CNN by any chance, no, I've been flipping around though. Too bad. The naked protest? No, they just showed Wesley Clark at the Rascal House. Talking to four hundred year old Jews. Oh, my goodness. They had one woman sitting there. She looked like death on wheels, man. It was unbelievable. Did she have a walker with wheels? No, she didn't have no walker. She was squatting down. She was busy pushing their pickles and their coal slender with sack. Into her bag with a couple of dingled berries. Man, Wesley Clark. I guess this, I don't know what that's all about, do you? No, I really don't, but he ought to go to pick a nerves. They, yeah, you ought to, if you want to go, see some living and breathing people out of age of 100, go to pick a nerves is right. That's a good idea. Get some white hats, get a good meal. Anyway, here's a whole list again. The official unfunny list. See, they won't play by the game. They just refuse to do it. Don't mar is on here, but he's not supposed to be a comedian. He's just an asshole. He's done stand up. That's, uh, has it? Yeah, well, get him on there. Then I want to change my vote. I want to change my vote. I, I, I, I just like him even more than I just like then a smaller. I want to change my destiny. Or at least just, you know, he's just a good, good goose stepping right wing asshole. But Bill Mar is this crumudially like, like I've always told you he's like a poor man's dick cabinet, which is really seen a lot. Wow. That's a shunt. And I know we're not going to do the little twop thing because I thought about that. We've already done that poll. Who's the wimpiest and little twop? He's done that. You know Bill Gates, that crowd can't. And Bill Mar was on there. And he deserves to be on this one too. And there are a lot of people out there. Oh, but Bill Mar is such a great, the political, my, he's an asshole man. This is the same guy. He wrote the book when you're, when you're driving your SUV ride with the with Osama, remember that? Yeah. That stupid book is. Of course, if you're driving my Corvette, I guess I'm riding with Osama, because it still takes gas to run you more on you idiot. If you're driving a car that gives like 50 miles a gallon, you're still riding with Osama because you still put in gas. And then you got to build you idiot. You simple than you. Man. Talk about another state of mind, Bill Mar. He's a, you know, wonder he got fired everywhere he's ever been. He's even worse than most. Absolutely. Well, I'm sorry. That's good. I'm carried away. Johnny Carson somebody says, I would agree with that. I mean, I'm not saying that he never is some of his car McRoutines or whatever. Yeah, some of the stuff was mildly amusing once in a great while. But for all those years, what was funny about him and Jay Leno was he's already on there, right? Right. Toady feels, I don't be picking on dead people now. She was a panic. A senior wens is now. That's not right. Senior wens is what he said. Point I brought a line. He's the frisk on there. Well, no, I'm sorry. Senior wens is number one. He's dead. And number two, most of these people don't know who it is. Number three was very, very funny. Thought I had it. Thought I had it. God. And he's a jack. The joke man, Martin. I want to change my vote to him. We're trying to even know Jackie, the joke man, handle last name. But obviously does. Now what does he do another day in on the stern show anymore? I don't know. Nothing to help. No, I'm sure somebody will start. Something to help. Some New Yorker type. I'm surprised Scott hasn't jumped right in there to tell us. Thank you, the joke man. This is you honor with, uh, opium and the anthem. No. Okay. And it says any asshole at an open mic night at local comedy club. You're right. Oh, I know who could be on there. He won't because nobody knows who it is. What's the focus friend there? Shaky Patterson. Deep Patterson. Steve Patterson. He's about to funny as terminal, uh, hemorrhodosis man. Should we put people on here that somebody might have heard of though? No, no, I'm not going to monitor. I just said. I'm just, I just mentioned that in passing. Just as a little stoch the book of Brian or your buddies about his funny like I said, as an aneurysm. Hey, did that scoogans bit? Like I said, awful. Now do I want to do the sister? I better take some calls. We got a lot more names to put on. There were got some very important stories. Including the drug haven. Hard to kick thing. I'll be damned. Here's a call from some beach. You don't say what beach, but some beach. Hello. The maly beach deal. Thanks. Okay. I would like to wreck a bed for the list. More. Oh, poor Dully Moore, who's dead, but they're a lot of data. But you know, you're right. I agree with him. And let me add one more thing about Russia if I might. You know, when we renewed his contract and was going death at the end of the day. Yeah, I would imagine he did not tell the people he was negotiating with that he was going death at the end of the week. I didn't tell him at all. Of course you didn't tell about the pills, but I'm sure he's not telling the guys. I'm going death. He'll give me 33 million a year. Right. Yep. Well said. Thanks a lot, pal. Bye, bye, bye. Don't be more another guy. He's dead, but I mean, there's a dead guy we can pick on because I thought he was just, I think his name said it all the first part. Done. Right? Sure. Hey, done. Just another little kind of like a munchkin guy that, you know, cluped. I mean, at least at least, what's his name, Mr. Martini, Denny, the video, at least he's funny. Yeah, I'm not full. I'm on a floor fun, but he's funny. He's the he am uses use every now and then. Do he am use use? I like Denny DeVito, especially in the Kuhu's nest, Mr. Martini. I have a martini. Mr. Martini, although I did love it. Wasn't it was it not Ellen Burston? Who was it? Nurse Ratchet. Don't tell me. Don't tell me. I was telling you. Don't tell me. I always confuse her with Ellen Burston. Ellen Burston, of course, was Sarah. Right. She also was in the exercise, right? She played Regan's mother. Of course, Ronnie forgot about it. Louise Fletcher. Yes. Oh, very good. Thank goodness. See, I have now I have a little confidence. I can live another week or two. Louise Fletcher. No, lowest Fletcher. Louise Louise. Jeez Louise. So who else did we just put on there that sucks in blows? Big Dutch chunks. Deadly more. Definitely more. Very good. A rush. Can you hear us? No. Here's a dear field, hello. I don't like to say, well, character was my top on my ball. I mean, like, but Norman McDonald and Colin Quinn, both of those guys, they're terrible. Norman McDonald is a done. Yeah, okay. Thank you. Good choices. Norman McDonald, who's the other one? He said Colin Quinn. Colin Quinn? Who the hell is that? He replaced Norman McDonald when he got fired because he wouldn't shut up about OJ. Oh, do you want to shut up about OJ? So Saturday night. Well, he used to do the news on Saturday night. Well, yeah, I haven't watched that show since it used to be good. And Norman was very funny. I used to watch that show all the time when it was good. Took a shot at OJ during every newscast. And so they told him why don't we like him then? We love him a lot. His stand up routine was hysterical. He did the news. Well, this guy don't like him put him on the right. I thought I hated Norman McDonald. Was that old McDonald? Hey, OJ, they still hate you. OJ. He'd still like poison. What can I just happen to that thing? Look at that. Oh, I don't look what I got. See, he's messing up my whole again. Second day in a row. I can't get rid of rush. I'm not. I'm not. If I was having another time on the train floor, I'm not. Oh, man. See, there he is. He finally stuck his nose in there. 64 for Dennis Miller. What did I tell you? Which so-called comedian do you think is the least funny? Tom Arnold 56, Woppy Goldberg 25. Just a here isn't enough to just send me into orbit man. I can't handle it. Martin Lawrence 24, Rosie O'Donnell 18, Caratop 14, Lyndus, Ix-11, even with that fresh turd. Vennstein and Bob Sagitt rhymes with Faggot and Magitt. Ten of peace. And drag it right across the room, where through the soup. Jerry Seinfeld's got seven. I'll Ray Romano's got seven. Robin, when you must six, two Malin five, Chris Tucker five, Jackie Mason's got four. LND, Jeremy's got four that night. Chris Rock's got four George. Screw their votes for Chris Rock. What do they know? I'm not agree with him. Who knows this guy? My family and friends pretty much make fun of me. Concentrate. What do you say? I would say that I don't think I could ever let it go to my head so much. It's- It's- It's not a lot of fun. He's flattering. It's been very long back again. Bob Sagitt. It's hatched by the- What's he doing with his check on there? Well, of course, he's kind of angry too. What's he- That's gonna do her. He's a faggot. Who is that? What is that? What show is that? It's some new dating shows. Oh, another reality. Oh, another reality. That's a screamer man. I'm sure they're there. He's floating. I don't even have gate already studying at all. Just like that, uh, on at the awful law, was that, uh, what the hell is it? Just in Guarmini man. Yeah. Yeah, the Weenie party liked. Look at that. I mean, he's actually not that bad. If he just shut up, he's one of those guys- Look at right there. He can't stop. Fab Gwiny, he's still speak out. I'm not saying that. I'm saying honest, this- Expansion. Oh, don't say those S's. Don't say the S words, man. The S's are flying right through my TV all the way up here. I can't deal with it. Maybe maybe not. Maybe we're wrong about that. Let's get more. Let's cut them some slack. No. 1141 at 5.60WQM. When your carpets need like, uh, a serious help. When they look really schmutz and they may even smell bad. When you're embarrassed by how filthy your carpets are, don't go through an amount and spend a ton of money for expensive new carpeting. Do the smart thing like I always do for over 20 years. I've been doing it call our friends to dry concepts. They're the best in the world. It'll be a miracle on your floor. I guarantee it. I'll bet Scott Junior's life on it. And George too. I'll throw him in there too. Because they always do an unbeatable spectaculant job. They're the number one carpet cleaning company in the world. The only people who actually dry clean your carpets and exclusive patented method that allows them to suck out the dirt that's way down in there and a firemeas your carpet, which makes them look brand-news. Stay law cleaner longer and last longer too. And smell them in fresh and a couple of hours. They're dry ready to rock and roll again. And right now, dry concepts are for you a chance to say 15% on that x-car per cleaning. Just call dry concepts at the usual toll free number. 1-800-248-5071 and ask me to put in you understand by was. Tell me to put it. And then dry concepts will cut the next time they have an opening in that schedule. Like when you're fly stand by, if you're available when they have an opening, they'll knock 15% off your already low regular price and keep in mind to give it that written guaranteed price upfront before they start doing a job. So call dry concepts today. As to be put under stand by list, they might even have an opening for you. Today or whatever day you might be calling, they'll still give you the 15% off on a price of the job. Here's the toll free number. 1-800-248-5071. Don't play a Russian rule out with your expensive carpeting. Talk to our friends to dry concepts because they definitely are the best in the universe. 1-800-248-5071 or check them out on the web at dryconcepts.com. 1-800-25071. And more, this is Fort Real by City. 1-800-25071. 2-800-25071. 1-800-25071. I urge everyone to complain to this station. First there was the club. They added that device that locks to the steering wheel of your car. Then there was the cap. They added that device that prevents these from picking your airbags. Now there's the ultimate in state of the art of protection. Introducing the crap. 2-800-800-25071. 2-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25071. 1-800-25061. 1-700-25071. 2-500-700. 1-800-25061. 1-800. 2-500-700. 1-80. 1-800-700. 1-800-100. It's finally happened. No, blasts of a dance, especially wherever you're young, old, in the keys to my own eye. Time and end presents controversy and the Undertaker. He's time and head, like, set it with a middle of a 101, a US one. Only of an air-dition time was Dr. G. You also a little bit of soul. Music starts at 7.30 in Google Girls. Dance contest and cash prizes. And the game will open seven days a week and three to eleven. Time and end the only dance in the keys. And I'm the one, a smack dab on US one. Hey, you don't know me. We'll be looking for you tomorrow. We'll be looking for you tomorrow. We'll be looking for you tomorrow. We'll be looking for you tomorrow. You're going to go along? No. You're going to be out of Marada? You don't keep a sharpie. You don't want to go. All right. We're going to go out of anywhere. We'll be looking for you at the Diamond Eddomorrow. Diamond Eddomorrow. Diamond Eddomorrow. I think you have to go. I've got to turn your mic on. Yeah, you got to turn your mic on. First rule is to learn. I've always turned the mic on before you saw. Right. Okay. Have time score. Have you got for a jam? Jackson 21, Eddom 7, that's the half-time score. Let me check that out. You're Jackson, how much? 21 Eddom 7. Oh, I thought they were playing ballmoto. I heard a radio. I thought it was a joke. I'm going to score a keeper. I am right. I'm John. I'm John. I'm John. I'm John. That's enough. I guess that worked. That's enough. You can't shut him up. I guess. I guess. 1966. 1966. Ricky Tickie Shaw. And he still goes strong. I'll head in front. You go boy. You go boy. You go boy. We're choice. Okay. Cause us every once in a while just to make sure we know he's still alive. What do you say that one day? It was a weepy. Remember that day when he caused that I do great radio. I just didn't know what to do. Just a scream or look up an anath. He'd gone with the heart to you. He'd docked his filthy camp to me. But when you get that thing dry clean, maybe dry concepts can help you out, Ricky. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Here's plantation. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I like to say Jimmy Kimball. Will P.E. Herman? Jimmy what? Kimball. Jimmy Kimball. What do you like? OK. Thanks. Jimmy Kimball. Who else do you mean Kimball? I've heard of him, but. OK. I can't wait. What about P.E. Kimball? Yeah. That's on front. You guys. OK. And what about P.E.? I'll put him on there. Yeah. P.E. we on there. P.E. is the character that we want to put Paul Rubens on there? Oh, Paul Rubens is a, uh, Herbert. The P.E. Herman is a character. He's the comedian. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60. You don't think of Paul Rubens's gay, dude. There you go. You think so? I don't think you can't be gay and, uh, do stuff with little kids unless you're a priest. Do you know that? I got the memo. Which is a good segue into this story. Sisters we kind of used by a priest. The two sisters hadn't spoken about the incidents for more than 30 years. About good man. Even now, it's difficult for the women both in their late 40s to talk about the times they were molested by a priest in the rectum re. Of St. Patrick Church in May'sville. Now we're going to have those maizeville. Do we know what what papers this, uh, since an adi? To know higher. It was always there. Said the older of the two who was 14 when she was sexually assaulted. I wanted to be a nun, but I thought I was an evil person. An evil doer. The woman in her sister, both of whom is still living the area, and has not to be identified, settled there claim this past weekend against the Catholic Dicis of Covington. The Dicis paid 750 grand to them and they third person, a man who was molested as young teen in the late 60s to take Patrick's, said the return of Barbara Boner of Covington. B-O-N-A-R, Barbara Boner. Boner. Boner? The man said he was molested by Earl Beerman, who was serving a 20er prison sentence that they Kentucky State Reformatory after plating Jody in 1993, to molesting boys in May'sville, Newport, and Covington in the 60s and 70s, Berman is still a priest, but he's been pro-heavened by the church from carrying out any priestly due to his using the term a father with his name. Oh, God. He can't carry out any priestly due to these, or he's the name father, but he's still a priest. They got, they got the shortage going on. The two of them identified their molesters from a priest David McPherson who was assigned to St. Patrick's parish new taught at the parish school in the 60s. And it goes on. And I'm out. Now comes the good story. The stuff that we're really sick and our teeth into these days, hypocrites is us. That's Russia's new deal. Instead of the O-I-B and the E-I-B and all that bull crab, hypocrites is us, H-I-U. Pain Killer Rediction Difficult to Beat. Conservator radio taught shows, Russel and Bahu last week checked into a 30 day treatment program, Helen. But third man. The break is addition to pain killers faces a challenge greater than trying to silence throngs of liberals. Ready for that? I'm ready. A challenge greater than trying to silence throngs of liberals. More than four million Americans are addicted to pain killers, among those who seek treatment only about half our successful. Dr. Karen Drender, assistant professor of psychiatry at Emory University and directed these substance abuse program at the Atlanta Veterans Affairs Medical Center, answer some questions about pain medications and addictions. Question. Rush Limbaugh's problems have been linked to O-I-Cyc cotton and the low, what is it? I don't think that's good right. Lorset. Bad facts. Lorset, which includes hydrocodone, for what conditions are these drugs normally prescribed and how are they different? Oxyc cotton is for chronic pain that needs to be really for round the clock, because Bill Haley would say, and we just hear that little while ago. And as a controlled release format, though Oxyccodone is available in immediate release form, Lorset is available for treatment of pain on an as needed basis, both are Opa do Opeoids, Opeoids, Opeoids, Opeoids, and both peak about an hour and a hour. If you take them, they peak. Want to take a peak? Question. One of their pain killers most likely to addiction. It has more to do with how you take the drugs than the drugs themselves. Oxyccodone, if taken as directed, is not likely to cause dependence. But if you crush the tablet, you circumvent the slower these mechanism. Drugs you take early have a slower onset less likely to be addictive, but by smoking or injecting any Opa Opeoids. If you take only 10 seconds to get to the brain. They also float in. They crush them up and snort them. It's more potent and addictive that way. Was he having a rip start and good time? Is that what you're saying? Was he taking up the nose? No. Maybe he was just chewed him up. You think so? Yeah, dude. Well, maybe that's why Oxyccodone didn't have time to eat. He lost all that way. When you're taking 30,000 pills a year, you don't have time for no food, no mole like candy. Right, exactly. Without the calories, which I have a really good story about the low carb diets. Poor doctor. Well, that's that's someone else stuff. I don't want to read the whole thing. But anyways, is the rate of staying at the end is about 40%. The longest stay in the treatment program, the better your chances of success. Methodone is a very effective treatment for people who try it at the end of an able to make it work. And it goes on and on and on. Finger pointing fully set up a bit. That's exactly what you are. Lire, douchebag, scumbag, pedal or bullcrap, and WBL. And ball tomorrow is dropping the rush then ball show until he comes back if he does. If and when. And they're running his, his substitutes overnight on the graveyard shift kind of like when Joe and Mark are on. What is that? By the way, speaking of that, did anybody come over to check? What? Sorry. You keep laughing like I don't really expect somebody some people are in a building or making some big bucks to help us out. I'm not talking about the pions. Like he will not. You keep joking. No, I'm not joking. I'm not joking, but I'm not joking. And, in fact, if a roll, I guarantee if a roll bring us a check for man and per rescue if he ever comes back again. They're giving her a little rush, Ellen. Why? Is he starting to get in the page yet? Haha. But they hold an on to that. Yeah. They're hanging on to a distant case. They want to see if things work out. He's sick. He's out of the way there for all the money. But if he didn't be s okay, he's Ellen. He's really Ellen. A little bit too much parting with all the sports over the weekend. How's that pull coming? So nobody brought in the 335 bucks that we need to get to 32 grand. Pretty demoralizing to me. What a bunch of cheap bastards you people are. All the money I'm making you people. 343 votes on a pool. And they're saying, yeah, we'll all come on your make it. Well, I put in 10 grand. How about you cheap bastards? That's the point. Dennis Miller 75, which so called comedian to think is the least money. Dennis Miller's kill on him 75. Tom Arnold 60. Martin Lawrence 27. What about Steve Lawrence and his brother that's the one the elevator at the track. We'll be Goldberg 26, Karatop 23. Rosie O'Donnell, we hate you Rosie. You fact disgusting. I funny obnoxious. Dike. Bob Sag if 15. Wanda Sikes 12. Vince style 11. I'm surprised that many people know who Wanda Sikes is. What is she on? Drug drugs. No, seriously, what is she on? She was on inside the NFL last year for about 3. She was on inside the NFL. Oh, I got that. She had her house show or something. At 3 or 4 shows and that was it. Now was she like picking up logs off the field or what? Kick an alligator's. 157, 3 minutes till noon at 5. 60 W to Q. By the way, keep your hands off Tom Brady Wanda and Brady Quinn who I'd read it. They know today's sucks and they got a hot quarterback. They're like I keep saying that every day because it's like dying going to heaven. But more could you want. He's a true freshman. By the way, George, aren't you impressed? I know. That's the greatest. I just, I get, yeah, it's okay. Is he? Wow. I can believe I'll let him away to South Bend. I want to see if I can bend it. Here's the place where you won't get bent out of shape. How about potty at GMC? I wonder if Bob, you think Bob Iceberg is still alive? Yeah. Because he and the rest of that sales department. I told him off this morning man. That sales department, you can't complain about the job they're doing with copy lately. Because they're not doing one. They're just they're air, they're a wall like a president. They're just an absolute outlier. They're just like flipping around. I guess spending all the money that they're a milking out of the rest of us. The 2003 New Rogers blowout sales is still going on. So says Bob Iceberg and Halipati, GMC. Get the lowest prices in town from town. Linin, Joe Prado, and all the wonderful folks over there. And Halip, Neil Deal number one, as you probably know by now, save up to seven grand with the highest rebates of the year. Plus get deep, deep unbelievable discounts. I'll remaining 2003 models are including the UConn and Onvoy XL. When in doubt they're blowing it up. And Neil Deal number two, gets zero percent financing from to five years. And listen to this, you can lease a fully loaded 2004 Grand Prix GT for only 259 bucks a month for 36 months with 12,000 miles a year and 25 of our bucks out of pocket is on your pay. And as always, as they have for over 35 long excruciating years, almost as long as Rick Shaw's been puking it out on the radio, they've got a great selection of unbeatable pre-owned car structures you've easily weighed on you too. And if you worried about your credit, if you have a blemish or two or a whole bunch, it's very rarely a problem because they want to work with you to cut your wood heel and get you into a new vehicle at Hallett Ponyette. It's the big 2003 blowout tail going on right now at Hallett Ponyette GMC, 13401 South Dixie Highway, that's US one across from the falls open every day seven days a week. For more info, call the Neil Deal Hotline tool free, one trivalade, five, three, four, forty, two, eleven. That's one trivalade, five, three, four, forty, two, have an over-faked all Neil deals. Subbed to credit, approval, CR friends at Hallett Ponyette, that's Hallett Ponyette GMC, will be pro-fessional grade. My life and law, this is portrayal by six, two and a half. Perra, it beat it 12-1-haw, on WQ-A. She's a perfect Nazi, who likes the flasher Nazi, when she don't have those on you. She's hanging like the straw me on right ankle, this rampant stat. Incultors rampant stat, imagine what you can catch from an ankle, this stat. She's hanging like the straw me on right ankle, she's hanging like the straw me on right ankle, she's hanging like the straw me on right ankle, she's hanging like the straw me on right ankle, she's hanging like the straw me on right ankle, she's hanging like the straw me on right ankle, she's hanging like the straw me on right ankle, she's hanging like the straw me on right ankle, she's hanging like the straw me on right ankle, she's hanging like the straw You see she's hanging like the strawEE and she's hanging like the straw me on right ankle, It's a snack. Go on and go what it can hatch. And go to their snacks. So guess what general Wesley Clark had at the Rascal House yesterday? But, put Strahmy on Ryan. Ooh. With sauce? Special secret. See where we tell you who this is. You're disobeyed, tickle your tonsils. If it ever starts playing. Of course these things start like real and hot. You know. There's people there. Biscuits? Probably. Why? Why not. You're hitting sweat over highliers. Here you go. These way return to its plug. Horrible news gone. country. North or Beyonce.그�ral. Lesash-depomb Sincere. Alex deficit. Seheaded man. Fiveacl. Fiveacェ. Sixacion. Kendrick's, discronpaРdset. Nineacion. Fiveacagit Cletus in the field. Eightac seal. Tenac Avenue. and far, no more life, our inhibitions get more and more. That's too low. You're just a little more. How much more does it have to do with it? How much more does it have to do with it? How much more does it have to do with it? How much more does it have to do with it? How much more does it have to do with it? How much more does it have to do with it? I don't know. I think he was the great wolf-lessen his own. He's going out of school a lot of time, and that's going to make him a superstar. I can't just be the double-play that again. Why don't you have a name? I'm a name that's coming up to. So don't know. Well, it's mostly cloudy, high 75. We range out of about 50, 50 later on today. We're in the weather for the grand pre-let's go. Sunnywood, but cold. I have about 50 in the degrees tomorrow. So be careful that you're racing jacket. That's a sweat a lot. Yeah. Yeah. And athletes' foot is going up the sports. And I have the show this morning. In person coming to our studios to be with us AJ Foites in the first time. So we'll find out what's going on with the grand pre-Sihai day. Hey, Sunny. Good last. Sunny Fox. Sunny like that. He was a very good boy. For some strange reason. He did have a good line though about his buddy there. What's his name? It was in the morning show for five minutes. Ron Hurstie? Ron Hurstie on a her. He sent a voice that about her. She highway. He had a good line. He said good things happened to people who deserve them about his former partner in crime on here. Ron Hurstie Highway. Meaning up your is Ron. That's what he was trying to tell you. Ron, which I'm sure you already got the message. Yeah. Sunny Fox has screwed you all around. Hurstie loves this show. We love you too, Ron. Sunny Fox. We're not too sure about. I don't have any problems with Sunny Fox. No. Do you? No. You have a problem with everybody. That's not true. You're not going to be a longer with Sunny Fox. I have no problem with it. This is Sunny Fox. I have a senior Rogers. Could I get here the word asshole? See? He's listening right now. Hey, Sunny, how's it going? What's he doing these days? Since he left the Hershey Highway. I don't know. And I'll let see. Here's what it says. Maybe you can explain to me. This is the same chronic facts. How he said, Lane, for large. Oh, you know what? This must be the deal. The ones that they send in the office pool. Remember you're telling me about that right. They all sit around the office. They send me a bunch of faches. And then they bet each other as to which one's going to read on the year. How many of this in a day? About 30 men. That's okay. Good faches. They kill some good time. Maybe you can explain to me. How suddenly for large sums of money 30 years later? About 30 men. In molestation cases makes it all better. It's not as if the money comes out of the priest pocket. It turns him into a suffering proper. The settlement money comes out of the offering basket. Where the Sunday automotons make the regular deposits. I guess closure takes place when the victim drives away in a new lexis. Dirty deeds come dirt cheap. It says a tiska to test it. Let me put them offering in your basket. Is what the priest says. So there you go. Stick something in my basket. 560 pound. 560 pound. 560 on the AT and T and Verizon world of slime. We have to do a pull tomorrow. Probably. On. No, I'm just telling you right now. Before I forget it. I got to write it down. All right. Oh man. What was the greatest radio station? Not your favorite. What was the greatest radio station in history of the South Florida? What? The fact that you corrected it right there. Because that's what they'll vote for. And that's what they'll call it. Well, I don't care. No, this is tomorrow. Don't I today. And of course, this is not a limited list because there's a lot of men aren't around. A more than change call it isn't formats. That's a grand rest day in the history of South Florida. I just want to write this out. So I don't forget about it. Plus are eating too much going on. Let's see if they went to the home. What? QAM will win. Yeah. What about she, Mr. Huh? What about she? She's gone. She's gone. Well, too bad. Okay. Let me stick that right under. T. We Herman. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. With so-called comedian, do you think is the least funny. Dennis Miller's pulled away to a fairly safe lead over the anxious Tom Arnold. All as big an of Arnold, guess who bushing meeting with on Thursday this week. I don't know Arnold. Arnold, good guess. Now who's going to be the intellect and that pairing? Oh boy. They're going to get a translator. They're both going to be an interpreter. Here's coconut grove. Hello. Yes sir. Okay. Listen, my favorite comedian. I think most of the world agrees with me is George Bush. Just who is that guy? Oh man. Look at that. I just, I did that accident because he got me so flustered. You hug up on everybody. I can't put that next button and I just knocked them all off. That's okay. They'll call me. I'm not that big or your buddies calls. They're in a house. I was a whole new deal now. Right. I'm just sitting waiting for the checks to come in from our Compatuates from our colleagues. I'm waiting for great to come in early. A big fat one on us. Man, you know something even even a champion rooster. Well rooster is normally hands do they? They lay hands. They lay hands. They lay hands. They lay hands. They lay hands. They lay hands. They lay hands. They lay hands. They lay hands. They lay hands. That's what you said. Do roosters have penises? They have something. What does rooster have? I never thought about this before because bre have a p. Some birds can't pee. And so what do they do away? They have a thing. Do they have a thing? They have a thing. But they don't pee with their thing. They don't pee because you'll notice a bird drops like it all. It's all together. It's all in one. It's a two and one deal. It comes out when it needs to. In the case of the male. Are you sure? It comes out when it needs to. The rooster mounts the hand. I don't want to hold a graphic description of how the screw. I just was asking is a rooster have a penis. It's a story to say about somebody laying more eggs than cockadoo di whatever name was Barbara Billy Bates. 80 votes for Dennis Miller. Todd see the guy when he said George's W. It was such a moron. Tom Arnold 61 will be go bird 32. Martin Lawrence 28. Rosie O'Donnell 26. Carotop 25. Bob Sager. Sagitt. Rams with the Faggot is that 19. I gave the ones with 20 or more, but he's right on the edge. Here's a call from Evan. Sure. Hello. Yes sir. To need a raffle. You can meet the end. Okay. I thought she was an actress. She's a comedian. She's a comedian. She's a comedian. She's a comedian. She read the entire thing off the note. Okay. We got her down. We like her politics. We just know like her humor. Is that it? Right. She's right. Caraffa 100. Huh. And a dich. Another dich? Got all my ideas. Only straight people left it all. Bob third man. She's this Christ. Every celebrity is either a dich or that screamer. How many of these not kid that when it was under before from that the reality show. I don't know. But he sure smelled like it to me. What? Well, I mean I said maybe. In other words, he's a one at a billion chances. Always some chance. But my gate R. S. Holy cow. That's a real screamer right there. Break your gate R. Especially when he started talking kind of foody like in the runaway. Ethics start like slipping all over the place. For 13 at 5 60 W. K. Hey, let me tell you if you want to lose some weight. Everybody's fat. I got those big articles about fat and Americans are getting even better by the minute. You can just they're broken up. He wouldn't believe even patoon you pig start in a month for the hills. If you're one of those people and you've tried everything you know to lose weight. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. You can't. You can't even get into the water. You can't even get into the water. I walk around that scar on top of our lives because much of our dollars is turning out. Take care then. ready for that the history of the side of the history of side of the rather be a entertainer than a manager after he was this after three years of the program directed to the ysp and tell it off in doing the morning show from his living room decided whether to be an entertainer than a manager he went to florida for short vacation and turned into a twenty one year career as water mimey stop rated morning by the five during that time you know have you noticed how he and Rick Riley both had seemed like real scruffy beard and nasal sound maybe it's the beard maybe I like his kind like a like that shouldn't talk about Rick's about that you know what I'm talking about they both have their real wet nasal sound I don't you know what I'm talking about yeah I do it's a good word during that time he created radio's first-cited stand-up comedy show the comedy are featuring back to back routines from the top ten comics they like Bill Cosby oh there's another one get him on but thank you thank you Sunni oh bill Cosby is he funny no no what man oh man I think it's a racial thing bill Cosby just like what's your name said one then she said that one dissape she said it's a racial thing that turned maybe she was talking about bill Cosby is a third thirty years after their first meeting but third man he abams not had a program at xm that's the a said like radio thing that Sunni is scamming out ass on if you wanted to get involved with another radio revolution as results sunny now programs both comedy channels on xm laugh you will say an xm comedy because he's a writer and entertainer of himself Sunni's attracted to people behind the last he's interviewed every major artist from George Carlin to Mel Brooks and love sharing those moments with his xm audience huh huh huh huh and a voice thanks for your resume by the way we ain't got no openings during but he just brings his aquatic facts but always good one says I don't have suggestion for today's poll because my choice is already on the list not only is how I man del not funny he's mean and nasty he shows up on lino every now and then he mixed my skin crawl Scott was mistaken again I scone scottleaster consistent uh... one decides to still on inside the NFL and hp also Jimmy Kimmel was on the fox pregame football showed last couple years he now has his own late night TV show on ABC a 205 a.m. he's also not funny let's go to your very close to both on our list Dennis Miller eighty three you know I'm thinking I look at this list and I'm thinking myself well who is funny and it just don't tell me we never did that pull not a big we did we never did that so let's see we got the one for tomorrow Thursday will do that how's that's okay who's the funniest of the mall we never done that the image of the I mean this you know the our audience likes this better because it's more negative and take a show so yeah take a good shot say what do in it five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line here's a call for my email hello yam from glad I last at this long because my battery was dying sorry this one to let you know it's on a pacemaker you have a show to do uh... no i wonder let you know that of course they don't have the message of a giant as the uh... the bird uh... had a girlfriend once you grew up on a farm she said that well number one they don't be because they don't do any anything with nitrogen and that the bodies and number one the reproductive organ is called a uh... the flavor uh... that sounds like a jury lose line to me it sounds yet is to me but that's what they're called oh why they just are my who's the new calls for screener what is it who's your new call screener now he's already taken five six seven five sixty what he had a wife you know and that's why yes got you in your head next wife so unlike us in the other degenerates we've had around it he still has an act white and exactly oh look at their serious sorry harwood all we can say is all you see that uh... Jonathan what's the innermal vote with the other ones name uh... my hamad right my hamad you mama i he pleaded not guilty this morning just i just thought we'd cost that in for it to set up got a good sense of humor yes somebody set those two up a problem is a racial thing don't you think right it probably stuff that kid in the trunk five six seven all-five happens all the time man here's my any hello yes sir i saw the front line and i was squeezing it boy yeah it was just excellent when you get and the same thing that chalabi chahubi or whatever he's trying to become president now of a rack yeah it's me on the one of their crony's a crook is a convicted felon and you know when you get that speaker for your computer look up front line war behind closed doors you'll squeeze it so hard your head pop off well but you mean is that the one that was on the other night that no no that's the one that i was telling about before this all about how the two camps were fighting for president pushes ear right and how calling pal and even the old president bush jerk uh... forty one or whatever is made whatever they call junior yeah was trying to tell the new George bush not to do it and run for run fell to woofell it and all his crony's we're fighting on the other side saying yeah yeah going going going i mean it's called war behind closed doors you've got to listen to it i'll check it out take it easy nice pali went and out now that front line you know i don't know we were we residents were calling on the u.s. to either take control or go home no that was uh... the pea the little piece of that front line thing of the r. p. s. that i played with the very minimal responses usual because these people are busy watching ball games ball games ball games by the way was a leaf game last night two to one again they have shot the cast by big margin they played a help a better and they did on Saturday course anything would have been better but uh... one up with a two-two tile a kiss in her sister like tydome kiss in his uh... resistor twice it passed noon at five sixty to nine uh... so what do you think it's just a they're going to get off the two snappers of the good do it again i think i think they need to be executed right on live tv i'd pay the student paper you hundred but paper you we could probably eliminate this gigantic deficit that the bush administration is built up even as gigantic as it is all these billions and trains we could probably pay it off in one good weekend if they just kept replaying that and shared the paper you which is a thing absolutely i'm buying my right now check that the three hundred and thirty five bucks that we're going to get for abandoned pay rescue from somebody in there hundreds of things they got the chest yet let me check what twenty six past nine five sixty double qm if you like scotch you know they're working for practically for free if you're putting in a lot of hours a lot of effort and you and result is basically squat call our friends at fast rain and change your life call one eight six fast rain because it's true they really can have you trained and certified before this year ends in a real computer career and you can start making some serious cash and have a life the demand for computer professionals is gigantic so why not do it now get you a new high paying career in the computer field instead of just hang out in the field fast rain offered job placement assistance how about 20 fields can be a day evening weekend schedules and with four south load locations it just makes sense there's gotta be a fast train near where you live fast rain off is financial assistance for people to qualify too so what are you waiting for kiss that didn't job with buy sake of the old uh salute the Italian salute to that bus and gives yourself a real job in a big pet paycheck and a life call fast train today to offer you one eight six six fast train it will really get you on the inside track when you mention Todd Drek check him on the web at fast train now come in and call one eight six six fast train we're supposed to be a five six two a m it's time to get it on welcome back to the more holiday the show where we're jukeful as any but good clean family fun you know that pipe smoke and just goes let things rap is funny is that funny play discretion in the buildings is funny too huh what what since when it's gang rape funny especially when it's me get my t-beg ramped it's a word at jackass hey about the new key no no no no no no doco tap there for when i talk this is important they don't know comedy i'll show them comedy today i brought my collection of lumbar abnatex um and abnatex more on they even name the restaurant after lumbar uh yeah cluelish muck look at back to that later right now it's time for our transcendent mid-show snack brings the morning mayo his food oh here they are my favorite place to die zygotsabokka digger never a buddy what is it shrimp look like a donut not so the vain embryos from plant parent hood in the hood but it's good try it with the cocktail sauce hey beast we'll play that all of scoopa racket there's a little atmosphere for you to help they go down the go look they're a baby i've really digged out all of scoopa sea i'm with and i'm i'm a head star here good these ones only know what was good here that's a lot of sense and here the clenchip salad did all right oh we got the meat head mad dog coming up at one followed by that fat jewel right after the quay and the spick what's that it's a play the play work you're gonna write for your ass mom and all the winch 233 at 560 WM so I'll take it up the uh shoot thank all you want to forgot to say today that full is a game still oh i forgot to mention it let me mention again full is a game still oh here's a good past from Jimmy who says uh can't believe he didn't put Charles Gordon on list i thought he was supposed to be an actor and cramudge and entouch yours done in really supposed to be a comedian they either is he don't know i never see no stand up or anything like that says he's not funny i hate him too Jimmy you're right but i'm thinking it's supposed to be a comedian because you're right he's sure ain't funny he's up not just he makes a lot of our list but i'm like this one five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT and T line two Rutgers University students quickly injured enough campus brawl that involved members of a Rutgers fraternity a social club in some members of the school's wrestling team the fight broke out around 330 Sunday morning an off-campus party following an argument official said seven people were charged from 30 to how many the 35 people were outside of the street fight with some swinging poles or wooden sticks said mark strapper 21 a Rutgers senior and witness John P. Moran and Robert Morgan both 20 received serious henchies when they were struck with a baseball bat if the reset morning was listed in critical condition yesterday Robert would johnson university in a new brunzoic spokesman uh john patellson hospital is known for mason about Morgan to request of his family how do you like that i don't you tack happen outside a house where the social club was having a party in both injured students allegedly belong to squam a social club never recognized by the school squam also involved some members of the sigma pie fraternity zeper pie zeper pie or as Jenny signed his backs johnson a Rutger's 23 will allegedly wield of the bat no can do a pudge or George was the right or it's speaking a pudge i don't want to pick on you know because pudge Rutger's had a great year for the marlins all of the crappies a great player always has been but i just i can't stand him i can't stand his deal and the semi-sos of two to probably the two best players on the field at least offensive players on the uh series but i just can't stand it again he hit the home run the internet again the same thing and he's crossing and pointing to the sky oh it's so old and so still already okay okay okay your mama get out of it i just can't stand it it's got to say oh how could you be nothing pudge about Rutger's he's having a great series well scrum great player by just can't deal with that that phony baloney crappiness sky you know like an agnoded it was doing a crap in the sky five six seven oh five sixty good thing those frogs didn't come from Montreal by the way oh there's a lady in Miami Gardens hello hello yes how are you doing good sign like it okay i haven't called for a while but you know talking about the pre-sum stuff yeah and i i well it's been going to call but i was in detour i'm so sorry you right there's kids so much that's right grew up but anyway you know nobody said anything about the families that these good Catholic families that have people that are pedophile yeah are made homeless children then they go to confession get forgiveness and go back out and do it again right right it just you're taking me when i think about it because there's a frost my ass garbage right i think all the trouble is there's ought to be putting a gigantic dumpsters and hold off the lake Michigan how do they do it in her church i think so too one more quick thing yes yeah near you and usually the band doesn't come out that way if we called up in order could we pick it up at the front desk no no no okay if i order online what do they charge for postage i don't know i think it's all part of the twenty dollars but go online and it'll say so yeah just just click on the thing it'll tell you all the instructions here so because i think if you let people know in the air like myself a lot of them would just go ahead and order it online please do okay thanks a lot thank you and don't go back to Detroit see no way see it hazel park where jack rings is still calling the races of hazel park hundred years later can you believe that as long as jack rings is still calling the races at hazel park i'll be okay ready for that nope i'm just telling you here the races from Philadelphia park oh let's see how it's too though i said one of the just showing the horses coming up is a cat a just showing a hazy's going out of the paddock with all that stuff on with the bridles and uh parties and poetry and the girdles i get a ring of girdle pretty damn embarrassing what is this Victoria horn okie is that somebody i'm supposed to know and whatever it sounds like some old oh not another not two and one day and it's not even one o'clock yet look at this another death Victoria horn okie and actress who appeared in dozens of films including the Jimmy Stewart classic Harvey died Friday she was 91 the actress appeared in 46 films including haven't costed all meet the killer blue skies they's a canyon forever amber in the ghost and this is me or and harvey she played mortal may simmons the niece of steward's elwood p-dow character think i was kind of marine dad no how about apple pandouty the oak uh okie was born November first 19 eleven in the York City she was 91 all that's old enough that's old enough man 91 she retired from show business in 1950 due to spent time with her husband company star jack okie i'm out here to jack okie in you no okie for nokey she died her to the okie from a scoke no seriously you heard a jack okie no okie was a his career span of the 20s of the 60s included is asker on a lamp one of anita muslin in charlie chaplain's nineteen forty five the great dick tater after husband's death in 78 virtual okie's death is the lecture series in his name and the category motion pictures arts and sciences and wrote four books about their life together among them was jack okie's out are okrid you about to restate the after the honeymoon home of actors robber tater and barber stanwork that night she not a night just for just like she is macho that's all barber stanwork did she have a big valley that's what the oven said twenty till one at five sixty w q m five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen teeline sweetest is this a Saturday do you know that no i'm not a Saturday is sweetest day not sweetest sweetest what you do not this we don't how they can blow off ok don't blow it off you need to make your lady feel loving and probably the i'm gonna tell you Adam you're spelling on a scale of zero you owe so many points you'll never catch up this year to make your lady feel really loving and precious is make your lady fell loving and appreciate do something really different surprise her with a romantic bear she'll get a beautiful bear handmade in the mountains of a month lover and a colorful gift box with a personal card and chocolate they just call her friendly bear counselor from on teddy bear tell them that Adams and idiot by the way when you call one eight hundred eight two nine bear the hope you choose from over a hundred bears like the burning love bear the heart-trow bear wearing silk boxes or the lover boy bear with a heart-shaped hat love hat to on his arm i hate to choose by the way they even have a brand of officially license played bear play made so instead of sending flowers again said if her mom teddy bear which you love forever you won't believe the reaction that you get you might even get lucky be romantic consider barely or official smile all year long overnight and said they'd love her guaranteed to don't forget this Saturday is sweetest day so call one eight hundred eight two nine bear or shop online to vermont teddy bear dot com be sure to have a crusty old meal on the landy old part of the call one eight hundred eight two nine be a r summer k ab c news with a one-on-one interview with guvinatorial hopeful Arnold Schwarzenegger sorry excuse my apologies what's you apologize for i'm not following you for everything can be plama k b c news i'm sorry to the people of california for what those bad movies you make no although if you don't like them i'm sorry can be plama k b c news i'm sorry for this you just touched my boobies that was a demonstration can be plama i'm sorry well don't do your demonstrations on me mr Schwarzenegger i am here for a serious interview with you i apologize you're very whiny go ahead with your question well you're very touchy feeling i apologize ah excuse me but did you just touch my ah that was a demonstration can be plama k b c news that's why once we apologize to the people of california and i believe you should i'm sorry i see you have a problem with women i don't have a problem with women i like to touch them excuse me but we are not an object may i see you'll i need a my what your aunt eat them may i see it i don't think i have an aunt eater you haven't any of this right here that's your aunt need uh i can't believe you just put your hand sorry i'm sorry i'm sorry i'm proud of you to guess yeah good for you can really from you what you now don't you you're up let us have you aunt eater oh caloah i'm sorry i apologize you are disgusting i want to be the governor here for my lover vote for me why is it purple i eat grapes i'm a grapey the pomeleva so for you six i think i love the look there at the end to that's even better i noticed that's okay at least i got them yeah i know anyway let's take a look at the appool here uh what's so called community you think is the least funny and some people sent us their list of the 80 uh least Dennis Miller 95 nice golf folks Dennis Miller blows we can't stand oh he's a bush asshole as what he is a bush looking asshole time Arnold 70 rosio d'amla is tied with character i've ever seen together the ill same person 37 will be goldberg 36 Martin Lawrence is guy god third man five sagot rhymes would bag it 29 one the size 16 that third burger Benstein 15 jury sign filled 12 and jury Lewis 10 how he mandels got nine he ought to be doing better got to be doing a lot more than just yeah oh boy how we freaking mandel just like that fact said he makes my skin crawl what what is supposed to be funny about him just because he's stupid long time ago he put a rubber glove on his head and blew it up with his nose oh is that what one oh yeah killed two men didn't work though didn't finish the job five six have all let's take a couple of calls as we got those fat stories to talk about here's for a lot of today hello yes sir hey how you doing pretty good hey good looking on a 100 city TV about folks are sitting on what they have up there everything's American what a city TV yeah yeah how come I mean if it's Canada why don't they have a net of Canadian stuff on what on city TV like what what were you talking about the programming yeah city TV is uh it's Canadian they're all they're showing is uh you know the bachelor and his right exactly because they they only had the CRTC only makes them show a certain percentage of Canadian programming 40 or 50 percent because Canada doesn't produce all those the TV shows you know that in addition to which if you're so enamored with uh all those shows go watch them on American TV asshole five six it's just just amazing the gratuitous shots if you don't like Canada don't come here we don't need you we're doing just fine if you don't like to model don't ever darken their outdoor if you don't like a hockey don't go to a hockey game if you don't like cheaper don't eat these burgers if you don't like Vegas don't go there and have a good time it's very simple it's like I'm in some kind of a contest like I'm trying to convince I'm trying to convert the world forget about it okay especially now the Canadian dollars worth almost 76 cents you wish that's starting to really frost my ass because it used to be a hell of a good bargaining or last summer when it was only 62 putrid cent and out 76 and American dollars like in the early was like a buck 16 it was up to a buck 18 the other day what kind of crap is that what kind of a communist bunch of crap is that so in other words when you go to europe you have to pay through your nose like rush would say you have to take it up the nose so you're thinking that he was just two in him right I really don't know we don't know I mean why should we speculate because it's fun I'm sure he's too outstanding to to resort to anything like that's what you pay for the hand cool oh yeah 30 thousand man how many about 30 man I've got to be popping him you're right by the handful like M&M's right right bags of him he was eating M&M okay just come down rush and I mean I can see that quenell that's a good pairing five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty now the let's check come in as our positive I just I said what tribes are telling me what air check not a half a bank check would make the right cash the green the pink card is something three hundred and the cabbage where's our cabbage okay one does got it you know one is got the cabbage six hundred and thirty what thousand sixty five hundred thirty five would make my day get us right to thirty two grand plus whatever's coming down the internet is Miguel like hanging out today or what is he hanging out with the days as day off I believe oh wow and why what about Saturday and Sunday that he works those days to oh that's what all the sports crap you got about that that's the problem and it's why we'll never ever ever give all we deserve on this day snow lord we'll take the pay charge thank you but we'll never get the assistant the assistant for the support oh support forget about that we're going to we wouldn't have that as we're not a sports show and if Miguel wasn't there you know I'm not reasonably decent man we wouldn't get anything wouldn't get squad so remind me to tell duff off tomorrow morning when he comes in there when he comes in for his like oh gee my back's not too bad and I'm feeling pretty good and did you see me with a hat duff is so into himself it's unbelievable which I guess somebody's got to be here's a call from for a lot of it all hello yes sir I can't believe no one has brought up or maybe they have I just turned it on Al Franken to meet that guy is has no first he started on Saturday and Alive had one funny little bit yeah then he failed as a comment and now he's trying to be another Rush Limbaugh well I think he's a starfall but to make you happy he's trying to be another Rush Limbaugh as he doing all his drugs I don't even have a quote problems get away from the radio show he wants to start liberal radio show well I hope he does I hope it starts tomorrow Al Franken will put a monitor to make you happy there's another guy who's obviously in mourning some of the Rushies they finally get up off the floor remember I told you this you didn't believe me those first few days after I read the first story from my being choir and they were they were crumbling it was like he were emotionally so distraught that they were like falling apart after scenes you bring up an issue a point though now that Rush is in on what they're all be over here bugging us because they don't have their boy's voice okay that's fine we certainly welcome them with open arms and legs but of course the only question is since they're good most of them are a good whole year then now better than us believing Christians and honest and true and respectable like Rush himself right you know if they do have to have those diaries they think they're going to put us down now they're part of the closet audience so they'll keep writing Rush even as well as the show has done over the years can you imagine with the number in fact remember to pull I took the last one about what which one most of the name of it about who they who's work oh yeah who's worked they and they also think is an asshole and I got a bunch of votes on there so now you think that those people are going to like put it down if they get a diary or not the lie like Christians do right like good Christians their lives support their Rush wherever else my role me anybody else who might be on life that's why you can all those diaries all well meals 18 to 34 they're all listening to life right my ass they would know where to find especially in software they would know where to find a life with both hands oh look at that look what I did but you can't see it but you'd be mighty impressed hold it up see you can't hear it one more time Rush that's enough speaking at him report fat Americans are going to even fatter yeah we just we just had two in a row as a matter of fact we had the al Franken one and then we had the was this the same guy same one and then one before them same old tired crap oh gee poor Rush well so taking it out of us we don't care we're getting out of here a lot of money George is you know uh he's scraping by yeah and Scott he's still waiting well I mean it takes a while okay respect and you know compensation these things don't come easy at beeslee oh sugar apple pants that's right you better start sucking a little ash around that place okay and I'll tell y'all send you a facts tell you which answers you better stick your tongue on right away there's a map I think I have the idea now I'm gonna get the roadmap and Clarence better be the first one okay you better stick your tongue all the way up to his UV law through the intestines work for the beast from the behind back home well I think that it was the tongue in the beast case oh I just farted so bad that there were little children crying all the way in Buffalo right now supreme court clear's way from medical pot oh this is the best news is there more to this story facts me the other page of the new York Post clear right up just in how come we haven't seen this on CNN yet those bastards I don't know too busy with what looks great good doing his goose stepping the supreme court the US supreme court clear the way today for state laws allowing ill patients to smoke marijuana if a doctor recommends it how do you like that we're talking about doctor recommended not just some pilpa I'm not just one that recommended are you facts me the other page yes one of three it said just as this is turned down the bush administration's request to consider whether government can punish doctors for recommending or perhaps just talking about the ben oh this is this is unbelievable oh we got the two pages though yeah that's okay just this is turned down the bush administration's request to consider whether the federal government can punish doctors for recommending or perhaps just talking about the benefits of drug visit patients and appeals courts say the government can't nine states have laws legalizing marijuana for people with physician recommendations their prescriptions Alaska Arizona California Colorado Hawaii Maine Nevada Oregon, Washington and of course conspicuously absentee Florida and 35 states have passed legislation recognizing marijuana because medicine will value but federal law bans the use of pot under any circumstances why is which they keep going out there to California and bust an all in people where just the obeying the state law the case gave the court an opportunity review its second medical marijuana case in two years the last one involved cannabis clubs this one presented a more difficult issue hitting free speech rights of doctors against government power to keep positions from encouraging illegal drug use a ruling for the Bush administration would have made the state medical marijuana laws unusable but the good news is did it happen no no so there you go talk 57 and 550 QIM South hoje Oh my girls, just keep their clothes on Oh my girls, just keep their clothes on They probably have a real hairy bath Hands up, get the boots Help about it just helps it rise You can't help it, there a gene of a child Oh my girls, just keep their clothes on Oh my girls, just keep their clothes on They all have a bath When the work is done Oh God, don't feel more wrong Oh my girls, just keep their clothes on Walmart sucks, she doesn't happen Mr. Ed Delano is supposed to be Walmart sucks Right, 102 at 5.60 WCM happy 222 at the Mad Dog coming up at 200 4.00 we got the ball game tonight baby marlins at the Cubs, it's must win for the marlins and the cubbies Well, to them I'm not gonna jump on a cub band wagon at this point It's because I used to be a cub fanboy What's Harry was dead, that was the end of that, you know Yep Who the hell needs the freaking cubs and all they're whining and curing on All that stuff Hey, Neil, f*** you Anyway, getting back to the Olympic court theory in a way for medical Oh Some California doctors and patients in filing set the Supreme Court Comparative Information on Pot to positions advice on red wine Or reduce the risk of heart disease vitamin C, acupuncture or chicken soup I didn't like that In fact a lot of people thought that was like herbs Well, it wasn't herb, herbal remedy on top of the chicken soup The administration argued that public health not the first Memmon of free speech rights of doctors of patients was at stake Oh, 10 Olsen, they solicited general who's a real major asshole Even if was wife did get killed in that plan. He's a major major right-wing asshole Anazi I would say yes Ted Olsen said in court papers the provision of medical advice whether it be that the patient take aspirin or vitamin C Luzer game weight exercise or right- Smoker refrain from smoking marijuana is not pure speech. It's the conduct of the practice of medicine As such it's subject to reasonable regulation he said well, I don't think so And states with that a comery one of law doctors can give ridden or oral recommendations on marriage We need to patients with cancer HIV and other serious illnesses and if he Dr. Kanket if for your right can Even some supporters of laws that expect to be super court to step into the case They said the courts refusal to intervene although it does not address the merits of the case could encourage other states to consider passing medical marijuana laws It's finally definitively put to rest these federal threats against doctors and patients So Graham Boyd and ACAU attorney representing patients doctors in other groups in a case anyway Also the Supreme Court accepts pledge of allegiance case today The US Supreme Court agreed that a de-herrication-loving whether school children can be allowed to recite the pledge or allegiance voluntarily putting a family's custody dispute at the forefront of a constitutional legal battle I think if I say one nation under oh good, I think that's okay They're gonna ask me. I hope they do I'm waiting for the call It issues and issues whether the pledge of allegiance to be banned from public schools for its use of the words under God Constitutional scholars have debated for years whether the pledge serves as both a patriotic oath and a form of public prayer Court arguments in this case we heard next June with the ruling spirit next year with a ruling expected by June Too bad we can't put the piece of mad little hair back together just long enough to handle this one All right, the interrupt. Stitz at bitch. We'll get frank. It's not a bitch. Doc Frank on the case. Yeah Roman Catholic as he was a panic man. I had around my show how many times Time she was something else she was a real ballbuster man. She didn't take no crap from anybody until right at the end there Right near the ass in Here's the way to pull us going so far. What's so called can a comedian? Do you think is the least funny a real piece of turd? Dennis Miller's got an even hundred vote. Nice going Dennis you suck Tom Arnold 71 with a goldberg 40 karatop 38 rosio Donald 38 Martin Lawrence and Bob's sagot Each have 31 and after the sagot it's why and then said double digits 18 for one the psych 17 for Benstein and I'm a ghost How many for a rock Chris rock? Just a curious while Frank has got three. That's the that's the rush crowd Six for Chris Chris rock is got six. Oh my god Jackie Mason's got five So let me tell you about Jackie Mason that the Edmaco tell a hundred years ago on my me beach It was doing the same thing back there. Yeah He's one of those people who's always it was like my grandmother They were always old they were born right you know what I mean sure he was funny. He was the same as he is now He's about a hundred probably when he was No difference Speaking of difference man here's the big I'll get to the fast directory take a couple calls right try to try to drop a few these in Cuz I'm waiting for somebody I haven't heard from you today. Here's Hollywood. Hello Hello, yes, sir. He'll got three names for you I'll pretty much you can take anybody that's had an HBO special in the last five years from at the top of that list So Ellen degenerates for sinbad and Richard Lewis category on funny who is the second one? Ellen degenerates sinbad. Oh sinbad. I think he's on there All for him just Richard Lewis. Yes. You got a man. All right, later. Thanks. Richard Lewis. Let's get him on there, okay? Yes Can we have more than one Lewis on the left? Okay. Got your Lewis Richard Lewis We got their Robert Lewis Stevenson We got this corn sure is special in it Lewis Yeah, I want to tell you right now. I'm gonna make a list of movies if you've never seen him that you're you're just You're not alive Got a little for the law. Yeah, you haven't seen deliverance of the godfather's all three parts then you're just in that work Right, right and cook who's next and right way I want to get banned recommend for dream. I want to get back to the movie thing after vacation Gonna do like a months and months and months of movie stuff. That's what oh no Yeah, I just moved in I haven't been watching any I've got a whole bunch of DVDs in there in my DVDs and I haven't been watching because it's just I don't know We'll see far go already. Well, yeah. I don't have it. I have a damn it. I don't have it. You got snatch though I have snatched and you're jealous report spatter Americans are getting even fatter And just before I said that I just like self-consciously reached down comes in here I'm under where and I reached down and like squeezed I pinched several inches of what? Oh big flat. Oh, and a blubber I don't have several inches so she'd have been obvious. I wasn't talking about that. I pinched several inches man a big God and Report on CNN com says fat Americans getting even fatter extreme obesity is ballooning in US adults We keep talking about it. You know it's like it's just like that. Harald Oshar I keep telling you about what I don't think you saw it won't eat 800 palm guy or 600 pounds. They've all done that Yeah, but but the whole family was enormous fat and they kept and they kept bringing all this Take out I guess they were too embarrassed to have it delivered because they won't ain't by seeing the all the boxes The empty boxes and chicken bones around house but they keep bringing all this tons and tons of food like five and six pizzas and 400 chicken wings and they'd all sit around there crying while they were eating yeah Remember that shirt that's it so we keep talking about it. Oh, what are we gonna do? It was just fatter and fatter and fatter Americans are just getting fatter they're ballooning to extremely obese proportions at an alarming rate It's his here the number of extremely obese American adults those who are at least a hundred pounds overweight His quadruples since the 1980s to about four million that works out to about one every fifty adults I bet you I know somebody who give people some good advice and how to lose some and I wait You know what is Give you a tip to it worked for him it worked like a charm for him and For Sarah I wonder how Sarah's the let's go visit zero, but we can what do you say? And the guilt and like them will be you know Miguel out of care see you defend him because he's one of your people I don't sure that's why he does look or not now seriously. He just is a fool. You know he's a good guy He's just a fool his tastes isn't his touch. I don't disagree with that's what the reentool me He's got a tasty the number of extremely a bit well about one and a three fifty adults extreme obesity once was thought to be a rare distinct condition Whose prevalence remained relatively steady over time the new study contradicts that thinking and suggest that is least partly Doed the same kinds of behavior over eating an underactivity that contributed to the epidemic number of Americans would less severe weight problems In fact the findings by a ran corporation researcher shows that number of extremely obese it also surged twice as fast as the number of less severely obese adults on the scale of obesity As the whole population shifts to the right to extreme categories grow the fastest at random economists Rollin's stern he added these people of the highest health care costs Sturm said health problems associated with obesity including diabetes. Ohia heart disease High blood pressure. Ohia and arthritis probably affect the extremely obese disproportionately at a young ages too big fat Tubbs And goes on about body mass index and Americans tend to understate their weight a reason study based on actual measurements Modern obesity rate of nearly one three or almost fifty nine million people Sturm said it's finding probably understate the problem for the same reason Wow the average man with a BMI of 40 in Sturm study was five foot 10 and 300 pounds All the average woman was five foot four and 250 Man, but I got good news for the one next piece we got here. I hate goodness No, you know Dr. Boba be proud. How's he doing Dr. Boba? Let's piece him back together What a shame. He was a good guy. I had a personality like a dead man. I guess now. He wasn't a good guy. He had a good diet No, he was a good guy. No, he's the right. He was a castle Are you are you picking all the dead people again sure? I got a stick and I'm picking before you're picking on poor John Ritter and now Dr. Bob He died. Yeah, why do you say he was an asshole? Based on what based on that appearance that we were doing and all those stories that you refuse to listen to you put your fingers in your ears You don't want to hear about all the stories about why about how he demanded the microphone and you wanted to do interview with all the people and you wanted this time And he wanted the pieces. That means he was a pompous ass And he could have said it to make a mess This is certainly an asshole self absorbed. He had this good diet absorb. My time was ahead piece of crap. Yeah, he's an asshole. Yeah Dead apple Well, man, yeah, I was just gonna say it was really making difference at this point. I don't think so now Because once the dead asshole always did an asshole as well. I want to keep toast this the number of people on his grave 12 minutes after one at five 60 W to QM if you need a man for jail I'm gonna tell you whoever makes out the log these days and I sure hope it's not the water Nazi because she's already got enough problems Or credibility with me whoever's make out this log needs to be drawn and quartered right off in the corner 441 is deri road. I'm telling It's just it's criminal. There are people on death row for less lesser criminals than the people are making up these Logs are sales department the traffic these people man all of these things anyway if your mattress is old and lumpy and bumpy if it's a piece of crap Don't harm your back and you're health freshly not no more Think up the phone and call our friends a dialo mattress because they've got discount prices on all the top brands You know and love and want Seely cert a temper pedic Simmons King Carl Stearns and Foster call him today 1 800 mattress 1 800 MATT RES when you call dial a mattress there's no nonsense no bait and swish no house brands No phony promises invest of all the best service in the world when you call dial a mattress 1 800 Matters that's what you have to do is make that one easy call you talk to people and nobody can set enough You pick the day in time for delivery any to our window seven days a week from 8 in the am till 10 p.m. and they'll be there They'll show up and you'll be happy camper like I've been sitting on a dial a mattress for many many years a Coozing with low prices same day delivery preset of and mobile. It's easy to see by dial a rat a mattress is right the best in the world and customer satisfaction So please do yourself a gigantic favor Don't get conned or sucked in by those mattress shrooms of furniture stores fully sales They can't match what you get every day from dial a mattress call them right now They'll be knocking on your door and whenever you want damn soon call 1 800 mattress 1 800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress.com For your Oh Yeah if Yeah Will We purple our heel like nilah, but you're like you are Yeah, oh yeah, yeah Yeah We like dude like We have neck You wait for your name! 117 at 5.60 WM here's the good news. Research surprised low carb dieters eat more calories and still lose weight. Oh! Ready for that? Why is that good for me? I love my carbs. I'm not talking about you. I'm talking about a fat people. I don't be so insensitive that you don't care about anybody else. Just because you're like Mr. Perfect away and I've fat and disgusting. Just for the disgusting part. Fort Lauderdale. The dietary establishment is long-argued as impossible. I have a lot of girlfriends, people I know. It's all the calories, all the stuff is a bunch of the low-needs. All calories. But a new study offers intriguing evidence for the idea that people on low carb diets can actually eat more. The nose-unstandard low-fat plans and still lose weight. There you go. Hey Dr. Bob Wake up a minute. What did this good news? Even though you may be an asshole. Perhaps no ideas were controversial in the diet world in the contention. Long as spoused by the late Dr. Robert Ackin. See there it is, Dr. Bob. That people on low carb-high-grade diets can consume more calories without paying a price on the scales. Over to past year, several small studies have shown to many experts surprise To their shock. Oh my God. That the Atkins approach actually does work better at least in the short run. Dieters lose more than those on standard American Heart Association plan Without driving up their cholesterol levels as many feared would happen. How many years ago did I tell you that they didn't happen? About third man. Yeah. That your cholesterol levels actually drop in your triglyceride levels drop to like a phenomenon like 6677 a sunset strip that's great. Skeptics content, however that these dieters simply must be eating less. I'm going to go on a strict Atkins right now. In fact, I've been on a all day. Okay. Okay. Like Sarah said, of course it's only 119. Well, the almond ricken is my caffeine-free diet. So, no caffeine, by the way. Forget the caffeine. It says, The skeptics content that these dieters simply must be eating less. Maybe low carb diets are more satisfying so they can hungry or perhaps the food choices are just limited low carb diets are too bored to eat a lot. Sure. Now, a small bit carefully controlled study often the strong hint that maybe Dr. Atkins was right. Alright. People on a low carb high fat diet actually can eat more. They can't eat more. The study directed by Penelope Green of the Harvard School of Public Health. I love that name Penelope. I really see it in print though. It's a soft referral name Penelope. Penelope Green of Harvard School of Public Health. And presented a meeting here this week of the American Association for the Study of Obesity. Found that people eating an extra 300 calories a day in a very low carb Regimentage loss just as much during a 12-week study as those on a standard low fat diet. An extra 300 calories. Which is what? Like a big man? Over the course of the study, the consumer in the next year 25,000 calories. Which should have ended up about 3 kilograms or 7 pounds. But for some reason, it did not. There does indeed need to be something about a low carb diet that says you can eat more calories. No, it's a similar amount of weight green said. That strikes at one of the most revered beliefs in nutrition. I've told you for a hundred years that American doctors don't know nothing about nutrition. As soon as somebody tells you their reges through dietitian, run for the Hills man, run for the nearest deli and see if I was Clark. One of the most revered beliefs in nutrition that a calorie is a calorie does matter whether they come from bacon or mashed potatoes. They all go in a waistline and just the same way. Well guess what? Not even green says this settles the case, but some of the meeting found her report fascinating. A lot of our assumptions about a calorie is a calorie being challenged as merling shorts of Yale. Oye! As scientists we need to be open-minded. Others don't find the data hard to swallow. Is that a little like play on words? It doesn't make sense, does it's at Barbara Wolves of Penn State? Rolls! Rolls! Rolls! The lobster! More dynamics than whatever any as in jellyroll. It violates the law of thermodynamics, no one is ever found any miraculous metabolic effects. In the study! Ready now, you hanging on? A thing is, whiny one over weight volunteers would divide it in three categories. Two groups also randomly assigned the low fatter low carb diets with 50 envelopes for over 1800 for men. Third group was also low carb without an extra 300 calories a day. The study was unique because all the food was prepared in upscale attack and restaurant in Cambridge, Massachusetts, so researchers knew exactly what they ate. Oh, I'd like that. I'd like that. They got the best meal in the cities when I'm here. Most earlier studies simply sent people home with dive plans to follow as best they could. Each afternoon, the volunteers picked up that evening's dinner, a bedtime snack, and the next day's breakfast and lunch. Instead, lots of red meat and saturated fat, which many find disturbing a low carb diet. These people ate mostly fish, chicken, salads, vegetables on saturated oils. This is not what people think about when they think of an egg in Zeitgreens. Nevertheless, the egg can's organization agreed to pay for the research that would had no input in the state's design conduct or analization. Everyone's food looked similar but was cooked in different recipes. The low carb meals were 5% carbahirate 15% protein and 65% fat. Holy, to my opinion. The rest got 55% carbs, 15% protein and 30% fat. Now here comes the payoff. In the end, everyone lost weight. Those on the lower cal, low carb regimen took off. The only three pounds, while people who got the same calories on the low fat are perched last 17 pounds, the big surprise was that the volunteers who got the extra 300 calories they have low carb food lost 20 pounds. I'd be like that. Green said she can only guess why the people getting the extra calories did so well. Maybe they burned up more calories digesting their food. I see there is something to be said about that. Sure about that. Business about burning up calories digesting the food more calories. Take more calories to digest fat. Yeah, all the little rodents, all the dribbles and stuff are like racing around inside your body. I did digested it all. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T Fat Line. We're fat man. We're fat. We're all done. We're choking on fat. 1 87 by the way. It's a little bit that was 1.86. I'm going on that down and keeping it chart. I'm going on ackeens right now. What's your? 1.86. 7 on 7 on 9. So 1 87 is exactly where I can. I mean you could pee that out in next to 10 minutes. I could do that. I'll be right back. No, I just did take a big leak. Just before the break. Well go where yourself. Should I go hop on a scale? No, because I've been drinking my diet. So in here all more and that's not fair. You do it first. Take it a morning man. If you go on. You eliminate all that stuff. You take a good healthy leg. You take a good healthy done. And then you hop on a scale. Oh man, I'm still drinking. Take a break of water. Don't take a deep breath. Exactly. That's right. Don't help too much oxygen. That's a whole kill you. 560, 5050, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's higher. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. How are you doing sir? I'm doing great. How's George doing up? George is doing sensational for what he is. I got a name for the pool and I also got a comment. Yes. How about Gallagher? The guy that smashes matches the watermelon and the stuff like that. Okay. He's a he's terrible man. He's pathetic. And I forgot the comment. We're going on with the world man. I got on a source of nigger. He's a California governor. I got drug. Ninch with his nimborn. Drug nimborn. Drug nimborn. And he got a little, little, little, little bit. A little pill problem. Right. I see Rick, a fancier. Yes sir. Talk show. Yeah. For a child sick. What is going on man? You're right. I think the last one was the, that was like the last nail in the coffin. That told us we're going to hell on a handcash. And the thing about drugs. The limbo. He admits that he's doing that. So he doesn't admit what he's doing wrong. You know, you know, that. No, no, it's good. Because he, I had the, you know, the problem is back. That's the excuse. That's the lane of excuse. He always playing golf. Exactly. Well said man. Have a great day. Come up. Come up. Come up. Come up. Come up. Come up. Shall we? Come up. Come up. Come up. Come up. See that's what it muses me is the, the sick of fans. The video heads the rush liquors. Those are the people. Now now they'll try to turn the tables. And well, you know, we're going to pick on this one. Well, what's that cut to do with him? Right. He's the one that's holier than the rest of us. And that's the problem. And we found the chicken in a wood pile. That's what Wilma said. A lot of chickens in that wood pile in Russia's house. Up there in Palm Beach in his 80 billion dollar house. All right. I got I, I just so compelled. I know I'm not going to do it because it would be bad radio. I don't want to disappoint that got to keep scalliance. Mom, we're going to start doing good radio. I got to mark that the calendar 2006. But here it is again. It just, I just love it. His housekeeper, Wilma says the top show host pressured one man in the heading over Pills, prescribed for his wife after she had a miscarriage. And scored painkillers from a stenographer with a broken leg. He was shameless. If he knew anyone was suffering, Painee would try to persuade them to share their pills. And probably didn't even turn over any cabbage too. I was at it. You like cabbage? Slough. Ah. Ah. That was tough cabbage man. Stuff cabbage. Stuff cabbage stinks. Don't like stuff cabbage. They can fart. Yeah. Sticks and all that stuff cabbage. Don't like cooked cabbage. Oh man. I bet you West Park has some weird cabbage. Yeah. Well, stuff cabbage is the rest of the day. My life. And local. This is for sure to help my 60s. I'm sure you like it. I am. It's ward. Not as pedophile. Don't come around yet, tell me. That's sorry. Your excuses say, Just for me. Just for me. Just for me. Yes. That makes my life when you appear. And guessing you're a永遠. You're a永遠. You're a永遠. You're a永遠. You're a永遠. You're a永遠. You're a永遠. You're a永遠. You're a永遠. You're a永遠. You're a永遠. You're a永遠. You're a永遠. You're a永遠. You're a永遠. You're a永遠. You're a永遠. You're a永遠. You're a永遠. You're a永遠. You're a永遠. You're a永遠. You're a永遠. You're a永遠. You're a永遠. You're a永遠. You're a永遠. You're a永遠. You're a永遠. You're a永遠. You're a永遠. You're a永遠. You're a永遠. You're a永遠. You're a永遠. You're a永遠. You're a永遠. You're a永遠. You're a永遠. You're a永遠. You're a永遠. You're a永遠. You're a永遠. You're a永遠. You're a永遠. You're a永遠. You're a永遠. You're a永遠. You're a永遠. You're a永遠. You're a永遠. You're a永遠. You're a永遠. You're a永遠. You're a永遠. again. Martin Lawrence 33, Juan de Sáix 20, Ben Stein 19, Seinfeld 15, but he's so Jewish. Jerry Lewis 12, who's almost as Jewish. Robin Williams 11, Ray Romano, Elotin, J. Lino, is God 9. How am I man? Delzlie, God 9? Ellen D. Generitz 7, Chris Rock 7, J. Moore 6. I have no idea. I know Chris Moore, he ain't funny either. Tim Allen 6, checking. And what is it with those shows? How home improvement and tool of this and tool of what is that? It's a dumb, stupid ass car, a concept man. Yeah, it was stupid home improvement, SIPCOM. What is that? SIPCOM. You looked a little. Yes, I did. Tim Allen 6, Jason 6, Jackie Mason got 6, Symbad 6, Chris Tucker's got 6, Bill Mars got 5. That's because our audience probably likes Bill Mars, which I'll never forgive them for. Al Franken 4, P. We Herman 4, Jackie the Jokeman, Martling 4, Toly Field 3, Colin Quinn 3, Jimmy Kimmel 2, I do like saying that though. In fact, even in fact, we'll come up to you and tell you about those good roast beef sandwiches on Kimmel Week in Buffalo. Do you ever have that? No. Seriously, never heard of that? No. Don't you remember the day the guy called, I was talking about Neba's roast beef? Yeah. And the guy called from Buffalo who started that chain. I put it on my head. Oh, anyway, Kimmel Week. Normic Donald's got one, a small one. John Lerick had Bill Cosby David Letterman, Warner Peace, and none. Oh, he actually put senior wences on there. Shame on you. All right, done that when you said don't do it. Oh, check a green. Well, why do we put them on there? Nobody knows who that is. You said whatever they suggest or they just want to be. Oh, check a green. Jackie Carson has none. She need graphelo's garden on doubly more have none, and then Rich Lewis has none. And we leave out a galager we got to put on it. Here's a lady in for Lauderdale, hello. Hello. Yes, man. I think he will mention Rosen. Rosen Bar. Right. Now you have. Okay. Thank you. And have a nice day. Chronic was nice. Right? Chronic. Rosen Bar. Get Rosen Bar on there, please. Oh, by the way, speaking of something that we can't stand. And says very big and soft for an inch. Illusion is David Blaine. Yeah. When you're very favorite, yeah. Tell CNN. He's unlikely to do anything like this again. He's been suspended in a glass box in London since September 5. The American Illusionist go to CNN's Robin Kronau Monday via audio link from his box on the banks of the river Tames. Brad Pitt stopped by and took one look and said, what's in the box? This whole thing has been so much more difficult than anything else I've ever done. I don't think I can ever do anything like this again. Does anybody care? Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. How about this? How hamburgers, bacon sandwiches, eggs, golf balls, even paint bombs thrown at him. The man was arrested on September 16 for trying to sabotage his waters of blood. Oh, what is shame? They got him. Damn it. Others have tried to keep him awake by beating drums nearby. Barbecues have been lit to torment him. And some of their breasts and botox at him. Oh, those silly brits, man. Show them there. Tips. Chris says, the least funny comedian of the world is Eddie Isard. Is he? Never heard of him. He's a British transvestite dresses in drag on stage. You can't understand a word he says. In short, he's a piece of crap. A sample joke when Neil Armstrong landed on the moon. He should have said, oh, it's all sticky. It's covered in jam. Oh, oh. Despite this, he's considered by 20 somethings to be a god. Not in Britain here in the US of A. I wait for the future. More Howard David is this funny. All that says it all. That's a loop. Wow. If more Howard David is funny than Eddie Isard. You never heard of him? No. I have it. And he's not funny. You know what I'll say reminds me of the Dave Matthews band. Yeah. For about the, no, I'm not talking about comedians. I'm just talking about the 20 somethings. It's like, it's a state of mind again. Sure. Hate them. Right. Oh, but that makes you unhappy. I know. We say, yeah, we're old and I'm just on cool. We're very proud of it. By the way, no, has nothing to do with that. They just suck. Right. But the Dave Matthews band is like the in a, you know, a state of mind. It's like the Rascal house and a forge and Joe Stone crabs and all these things. West Clark, I bet you'll be at the Joe's pretty soon. You think? I guess once a week, you can. Now, but Joe isn't Jewish. We'll be another good place for him to eat. Um, uh, phosphorous deline Hollywood. Never heard of it. Oh, they're great. He could eat at Wolfies. If it was still there. Yeah. We got left to Wolfies because Wolfie co-in originated. Wolfie co-in is still dead, by the way. Yeah. What a sad, sad situation is where any could eat at Pumpernix if the old, uh, Yeds hadn't put it out of business by stealing the silverware and a sweet and low. And the carpet. And everything else that wasn't, uh, tacked down. Here's a call from Pompeo, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. How you doing? Pretty good. How you doing? Hey, good. Listen, man. I want to try out on that sweet. Can you come in where to go? Like the best place to go to? Where to go? Down down? To do what? I'm just on an education. I already booked a fight. So I don't know. Go ahead and book a fight yet. Yeah. Go to Ottawa, man. Let's see our capital of Ontario like it real well there. Go see froggy, John Critchell. We got a real good Taco Bell here. I'll see if the eating center, okay? 560560, pound 560. Oh, I'm going to Vegas. Can you tell me a good gas station to gas up my Reddacard? What's a good gas station? Conoco. Oh, no, not for me. Don't put that cheap gas. Well, maybe a Reddacard, not in my Corvettes. Gas stations that you wouldn't, uh, that's a good pull for you someday. Oh, seriously. Like as much as I love Godfather's, I would never get the Hes gas. No, because I think, you know, it makes me think of, it makes me think of Rudolph Hes, you know, which I realize I'm not saying that they have anything Do with that, which they don't, they just makes me think of that. You know, plus it's cheap gas. Conoco, which isn't it used to be 10 o'clock? Okay. I'm going to part of the country that you're in. It's like, you know, different names. Right. Senoco. No, no, Senoco is good. I mean, we had that. I'm just naming obscure. I don't think Senoco is around anymore. Is it? I haven't seen it in a lot of big up. Oh, yeah. Senoco is going to go over the place. See, what you got to like about Senoco is they have the different grades. Not just your three different, you know, like, premium or regular or whatever. But they have, like, 85 different grades. And you like punch the thing up on your new think, you're getting, like, really good stuff. It's coming out of the tap. But huh? Yeah, probably it's like half and half, 50, 50% gas and 50% water. About thin clear. It's in clear to that to one of the dinosaurs. It is. Yeah, I never got those. No, but you know what I'm talking about. The, the low rent district, the real cheap. Usually you're an marginal neighborhood kind of gas station. If you're driving a car, sicko, would you put sicko in here? No way, Jose, man. In fact, if you ever heard Brian Murray say it. My local, this is five six years. Look at the rear. You're the one. You're the one. You're the one. You're the one. Can you hear me? I have a little for you. Patrick, you're hearing me. I know you should afford to. Hello, we're actually. We're actually. We're actually. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. Two. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. Two. Well, here we are. against him the battle for swing voters in the middle seems more important than ever. Howard Dean God. In recent weeks Bush is approval rating head slid is Democrats especially Howard Dean is the Arnold Schwarzenegger of the West with a brain. See what I'm saying? Okay. He's the anti-establishment. He's the alternative. He's the choice. He's going to pump up America and send the Bushes back to a webinar held a come from Texas. Bushes approval rating head slid recently, especially among those seeking the party to the 4th of November. But administration figures are taking part in aggressive public relations ever explaining and lying through their teeth about the Iraq policy. They're dusting off kind of leaves and all these other goyum and shipping them out there in a parade and them around. Bush is speaking out more in the economy now that market of course this tremendous comeback that we've got now right? And the people on the gambling channel, they're pumping it up to dows up 13.71, the Nasdaq's up 3.12. I actually liked the new look on there, even though there are a bunch of the thieves in the old belongings here. Me, you know something I don't like the new look. Why not smaller? No, but I don't like the crawl on the bottom. I don't, I just don't like the whole setup. I don't. I don't. I don't know. It's more compact, but you don't want to come, pack you wanted big, you want to jump out of it. You want to see Marab Barquan, or what is being made in the world? Like I said, that'll be bitch. Every time she's on the screen, that'll put up the whole crawl should cover her up, and her face, disgusting, baggy, odd bitch, man, as she just wrote a test. I'm Maria Bacterromo. See, she's kind of like Tony Dorset, where we had to be Tony Dorset. And who's somebody else got some of these athletes that changed away, pronounced their name? Yeah. But anyway, she's used to be Maria Bacterromo. Oh, not Maria Bacterromo. Have you ever noticed that? No, but her Roma. During the X, yeah, no, but we have Bacterromo. You better say it right, Mr. You're going to go to God damn my hell. Kill Bill, bloody Dr. Boxoff, as I mentioned in the CS today, because it's violent and growth-task, and maybe the most violent movie of all time. And I'll probably see it this week. There you go, and we like it. We like a lot of violence. I don't want to see transporter, no? Because I don't want to do my duty. It was payback time for Quentin Tarantino and Uma Thurman at the Boxoff, as I wonder she's kind of Uma, Uma Sumak, Uma Mal. At the Boxoff, Papa Uma Mal, Zudedi. At the Boxoff, as his revenge in Sega killed Bill, Vladimir, opened an old volume one, as there could be any ideas. Open, then, first place with 22.7 million bucks, coined a studio estimate. The previous weekend's number one flicked the school of rocks, flipped the second place with 15.4, the con brothers romantic comedy, intolerable cruelty, starring George Cloney and Catherine Zida Jones, was a debut at number three. Good boy, a family flick featuring the voice of Matthew Bratwick as a talking dog from outer space, commemorated in fourth place with 13 million, and the weekend's other new wide release, the horror tale of House of the Dead, opened number six with five and a half million. In limited release, Clint Eastwood's Mystic River had an exceptional debut, taking in almost 600 grand and 13 theaters for whopping average of 46 grand. The dark murdered drama starring Sean Pan-Tim, rather than Kevin Bacon, experienced more theaters this week. Well, that sounds like it might be good. Mystic River? My interest, especially if you still had in Boston, like I did, used to grab over that Mystic River bridge. You ever been on a Mystic River bridge? No. And were been in sagas? No. I've been in Rocky Ampark? No. Well, what tell do you know? Oh, I have been in Rocky Ampark for a year. No. No. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Well, it just ain't enough. Just have rocked. Feeling the airways with paintman, the radio was permeated with the lights of Dr. Lauraville, Henry and Michael Reagan. They called it clear channel custom clearly out to make the message clear. The right wing Nazi Republic in Mother Fierce. The air all right wing Nazi Republic in Mother Fierce. For all the table talking idiot to who to get any dumber. Later, marry to whatever they are told to believe and worship George's there King. Right wing Nazi Republic in Mother Fierce. Well, the Democrat who cracked their pants like a child at a scary boolean. A Terry McClub who should go home and shut up, but he don't have a clue what he's doing. The Democrats have a death wish when it comes to the sight of who they will run. And you can gully them done. If they run, jolly their money. Oh, right wing Nazi Republic in Mother Fierce. They're all right wing Nazi Republic in Mother Fierce. Oh, get a dick as if it is a thin-mascany, the juicy hummur. Just remember what I said when it comes in your back. They made the abour that train. Right wing Nazi Republic in Mother Fierce. They're all right wing Nazi Republic in Mother Fierce. For all the tables talking idiot. I'm just gonna say if we're almost back tomorrow, I'm just gonna tell you, I bet you George's life on it. I thought I was gonna be back tomorrow. I just have feeling he'll be, you know. And then of course Thursday is gonna be that gigantic day when the book comes up. Wow. Oh, actually pressure packed. Either time is flying or I'm getting really older both. Not flew by today. That's the fuck. I'm not talking about today. I'm talking about it. It seems like every other minute we're talking. Oh, we got another trend coming out. We got another book coming out. These damn ratings, man. Another book already? Why don't they just say, yeah, okay, you guys are great. You've got to have number one for a degree. That's it. Everybody who did well, just stick it in everybody did poorly. Absolutely. You know they suck, you know, and that's it. And what the hell is this thing? You just send me about the little arcade wall is what to say that for tomorrow. Okay. In Pikeville, Kentucky, that's what the P, the great selections for our poll just before the closing time are under the gun. Louis Anderson sucks. Man, you are absolutely. Absolutely correct. Wherever you are, man, Louis Anderson bites the big one. Just blows. And Tucker, not Carlson with a bow tie. Tucker, our facts, who says a little entry for your poll is Craig Kilborne. He's without a doubt the most unfunny late night. Funny man. I dare you to try and watch him. I'll take you word for it, Tucker. Okay. Craig Kilborne got it. Got it. Now the good news for me is that for some strange reason my home page here got all dicked around your humble page. My home page. And so I was able to vote twice more for Dennis Miller. Excellent. Yeah, that's good. He's only 24 head. He was up by about 30 man. I just want to make sure we keep right up there on top or he belongs a bullish major asshole about his funny is severe arthritis of the kneecap, just a real piece of turd Dennis Miller. Speaking of the home page, New Pick Yes, New Pick. New Pick. We got a new picture on there. I'd better click on it right now. One moment please. Anybody hasn't seen our new rush picture on there. You'll love that. In fact, you can probably order someone at stuff right on there. Do we have a toll free number to order? Yeah. And. Ha ha ha ha. No. Sing free then gray at the marige is our good buddy. Bro, there's a little on the way. Well, great day, but she got to find something to do for crying out loud. Mad Dog is next to Humford for Marlins and the Cubs must win desperate seven o'clock tonight. Bye bye. Bye bye. The black stealing with the sun and all. What is kind of stuff?