from the seconds of polish Puzzle Puzzle You're a little more true than the same You're a little more true than the same You're a little more true than the same You're a little more true than the same You're a little more true than the same You're a little more true than the same You're a little more true than the same You're a little more true than the same You're a little more true than the same You're a little more true than the same You're a little more true than the same You're a little more true than the same You're a little more true than the same You're a little more true than the same You're a little more true than the same You're a little more true than the same You're a little more true than the same You're a little more true than the same You're a little more true than the same You're a little more true than the same You're a little easier than the same You're a little more true than the same You're a little more relative than the same You're a little more true than the same You're a little more true than the same You're a little more true than the same You're a little more true than the same You're a little more true than the same Your friends always witch, your kids never witch You're a little more true than the same I'm a real player, man. This Hillary come up in sol, is the damnest thing I ever saw. Your roots would be little goofy dog, because you never had it in your soul chain. You got my money in an oil array. With your belief in your re-inkeeper, No sir, you're a dope, beeping, bad telegress. Hillary go up in sol. Take your oil, A-R-Y! Hillary! Hillary! I'm infectious! 902 at 5.60. WC, we've got a major development at QAM today. Some people didn't realize what a major thing it wasn't, it just kind of like, blurred it and out. I don't want to say which one of the people that came to the studio this morning since there were so many. To bond with maybe four to show, blurred it to the south. When it down, they blurred it right out. A major scandal. Do you know that I have leprosy? Do you know that? Oh yeah, and AIDS. And sugarberry. And sugarberry. And sugarberry. And what else? Fattness, diabetes, flu, right. Putting bloody diarrhea, total fungus. To make a long story short. I'm infectious! Not. But we got some real winners. The reason I played the Hillary thing, I'm watching MSNBC last night, which I rarely do since I like to get some real news, but at any rate, I'm a channel, sir, and... And it was on hard balls with Chris Matthews who makes me nauseous. And then we're doing a Thin Show in the latest poll. Among Democratic voters, and Hillary is leading by a pretty good margin. He's got 28%. And Julie, we're going to slip away down like into the middle of the pack with 11. Did I put Bob Graham on that thing for today? I sure hope. Let me guess I did. There it is. Yeah. And anyway, so in the... So they put her up against the bush, myster against W. And of course, this right on the heels of this wonderful war of this victory in the Iraq, this operation Iraqi freedom, and he had 52% she had 41. And she's not even running. This is also on the heels of that... Ask Kick and Speech, you made that money now, where she really just ripped ass and just tore into him and did it wonderful jump. Because I'll tell you one thing about Hillary, even though I'm not a fan of her, she's got balls. And if she's the one it could be, and that's what we're going to take the poll that we're going to do today, that's what inspired me to do it, to do do. But I think the most important part of the show today is... I'm in fact just... Not... We got some people out of the Stone Age at Q&A, and this comes to me. I mean, I realize we had some morons there, you know, and some real bad people. But until this moment, I always thought it was Barzini. Huh? Or it was it to tag you, I don't know. I never really knew for sure, and I realized it's Miguel and George Corso, our two will get some more names today. We'll find out some more of the other idiots in that building. We're living in a Stone Age. Miguel, I've written him off, I don't care how good he looks. All the way, I do come back to town, I'm announced very soon. The first thing I do in the building is stick my tongue down his throat. Gonna run up to him from behind. Or back to him. Yeah. Grab him by the back of the neck and just tilt his head back and stick my tongue all the way down his throat. Which I've been... Why don't I want to do that for a long time? Anyway, this gives me a good excuse, so I can share all of my diseases with Miguel. I'm in fact just... I think he's been hearing too many of those Cuban, Tupacabra stories for too many years, yeah? This is truly audience probably finds this almost unbelievable. That anybody that's stupid could really believe that just because I'm hearing Toronto that I have SARS, and that I'm infectious, and I need to be quarantined. I'm not sick, okay? All we got some people there who obviously are mentally sick. The five million people in this city, five million life goes on, even the paper destroying the W.A. Does it's their fault? They screwed the city, because they said if they would have been on top of the SARS-Stay in the first place, they could have like, stem the epidemic right from the beginning. If they would have warned healthcare officials about what was really all about, we never would have had any major problem here. Of course, China, they lie so much, who the hell knows. That's where the real big problem is in China. In fact, they had on the news last night that there are a lot of people in China who are infected who aren't going to doctors because they don't trust the government. So they're afraid they're not going to get the proper cure. I don't know what they are, they're probably running around infecting other people. I'm sure. Probably yelling in Chinese. I'm infectious. Things like that. You know, something you could knock me over with a feather. And that's it would have to be, I guess, a big feather, right? Or feather. I mean, I'm just amazed at how stupid it's possible to be, especially in a building there, where it is always the corporate disease, and everybody's coughing and gagging and choking. And I got some real bad news for him, a yellow and George Corso. I have some real bad news. Remember when I came back a little bit early back in March? Yeah. Well, the problem already had started here. That's right. And I was already there. Oh, and I breathe. You know, I didn't even show for, right? Well, how long was that there? A couple of weeks? Right. I think I was there about three weeks, whatever. I think that's what I have now. I think I need to be quite a few. I think you got SARS. I want to quarantine myself for a month at home. I think you got scars on your back. That's what I'm thinking. Anyway, we asked yesterday on the arroggies.com. We got a lot of stuff. A lot of people were prepared today. I'm going to do it very enthusiastically, especially Miguel. I'm done with Miguel. Done. Bye. Like, Mickey Mouse said, bye. Because I'm infectious. You're an idiot, Miguel. You're really are. I knew. I mean, aren't there any of your people that they got a brain besides the two of you? And of course, in being your boys case, I often wonder. I'll get back to you. Not necessarily. I mean, what is the story? How is it possible? This is really, it's the Chupa Cabra. It's the, what's the thing with the Irish with the, The, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the. And then we, the, the, the and that, the, the, the, he, the, the, so that, the, the, cause, all of the, a, you know, the, the, I, yeah, they, I will your, Yay, so they, oh, it, they will fill out the dish in my house and gave you Oh, I, I will, they, I, did you take over because I do not got in to make books and hang out with me like a, that she Then I'll just take that time off. It's up to Greg. He can pay me for doing nothing or pay me for our show and up and working That has got to be the most stupid the most ignorant the most idiotic thing I've ever heard of in my life In what is supposed to be the age of enlightenment when people have got some kind of a clue what's going on Too many a man you can't complain about our IQ because collectively they're ain't any What are these people thinking of? Oh, it's ours You know something I think we ought to what we ought to do Just take a whole bunch of those whoever those people were in that meeting along with Miguel and the Corso put them in first class and bring them all up here on a plane Just tell me going on a flight to the Bahamas There's somewhere and then they wind up here appears in the international airport Toronto And then just put them all in a big bus and let just turn them loose downtown. Oh, you guys in Toronto by the way. Oh, no Can you see that? I'll go yeah, I'm sure you would I'm sure Binear boy would would right I betcha What's his name? Julio they just got candy right he would have come back up here. We loved it There's nothing going on here. There's no problem Five million people in this city. You'll have many in the city have stars. Oh none zero There's some people in the hospital still have it and some of the ones that were really very very sick that they knew we're gonna die I like two more died yesterday people and bring it to 23 but they were like definitely from the thing in the first place in a hospital In the general community out of five million people nobody zero. I've got it in fact now that they got this These package deals to get people back to the shows and the theaters and the ball games everything Now that got these package deals that they four thousand calls a minute as if not a clock yesterday after the WHU Lifted the travel advisory But just to show it that we got plenty of cheap Canadians just like cheap self-lubitians two nights ago It was a dollar a dollar a dollar for a blue jays game and I had 40 thousand people in their claiming was 48 thousand but about 40 thousand To you know dollar a ticket and a stand up for the city and show their support last night There must have been about 20 people in there and I don't have that thing in there. How many? Yeah, that's how many peas seriously. They're gonna have been a thousand people at that game last night So it goes to show you anyway. What Florida tourist destination would you tell your out of state friends to avoid? We ask you if they certainly to QAM building when I come back Because don't forget I'm in fact right Little Havana wins hands down effect at top three. I'll have sure one thing in common and that is nobody speaks English there Little Havana 332 date County 179 in the Southwest Mills mall 137 that's the only thing I see in common there no speaking in glaze Slop shop 106 Joe Stone crab 97 I heard a mad dog O'Nanias day about his dinner the night before Joe's and about it's better than sex and it's yada. Yeah this and it What is he talking about is he could freebies there or something? Must be on the list We must be on that list. Maybe the Humper put him on list to know the Humper's big on Joe Stone crab A state of mind boys and girls don't go there Marlins game 84 don't go there. Rascal how 60 oh I also want to steal some silverware Disney World 57 K West 43 base side 39 the my Kai 35 Cquarium 32 the jungle queen 20 stay away from that queen Lion countries Safari 20 the monkey jungle 18 Metro Zoo 12 Pablo Pyrr 9 theater the C8 care a cork castle seven bush garden six and Vescai had just a pair Isn't Vescai a museum? Yeah, it's a big mansion big garden It's like open to the public it's a museum. I don't know what you would do there and takes you see the old stuff like any other museum And they have a lot of weddings you see a lot of old crap. I can do that and sunrise outside for free Sunrise lake you can see The oldies for free or like in carriage hills where mommy lives well on anyway We got quite a quite a day coming up for you today trust me when I tell you I'm and this is all comes out of nowhere too this whole Sickness business This whole QAM sickness business George course of our chief engineer now you'll notice of course He's just Bob Vermote Jr. That's all he is he's just a Younger smaller version of Bob Vermote that's all Because Vermote wanted a higher off flunky who'd be just as the end of the whole as he was and just as in Episias And he did and that's what we got is our chief engineer Corso did he come here and to have anything to put in this place together? No, did he go to Amsterdam have anything to do with that mess? No Because he probably would have got disease an Amsterdam You know all the stuff that's going on over there Oh All you degenerate there There's all kinds of like things crawling around over there. Oh God. It's unbelievable Oh So it's an good thing that he stayed where it really was stay where you are of course so you're a lunatic man You're an idiot and Miguel. I'm gonna do hours on Miguel today. You know I really am gonna do the Gulf of hours. No, haven't I always stood up frame have I gone to bad for him when they brought in Dorina And they screwed him over and they didn't give me any more money and they promised him a new title and they just they gave him a title But no more money. Did I ever always stood up for that child? Probably most because he looks good, but you know something people that look today they have this this feet this expectation If feeling of entitlement like he's entitled to like special consideration I mean I'm not gonna stick my tongue down Dorina's throat When I come back I think what I should do is come back like on a day that they're not expecting it. I'm sure they're all looking at the calendar Hmm If there's a butt I smell it Welcome back to the other day. Hey, thank you. You over there Wait You're more hot welcome down the hallway. Yeah, that's him. I knew look away the madam, but he acts like you don't see me He knew it's me. How you doing? Oh my you sitting there. Oh come out there What are you nuts? I approach no one. I got not to say to him anyway What a how's he thinking he is that white non-swish? I got better things to do I could just like my DJ here. Oh Age is so cool Yeah, my I got some you don't make it feel better. Yeah sure you do how really here step into my time machine I'm machine when you get that I've got an idea Okay, I just send over here By the way, where you're coming Hey Wow, I must be in the 1930s or something for the time war like the one book of race Who I watch way I go I say here He wants to me like that you know who I am I'm more how endeavent you can't be more how I'm how there's only one more how it that's me pal Why I made my most when you were going to do the right now. I'm right guy. Hey, I'm anything as I got up To take that class out look I'm more how I know you're more how and how that's right You crazy Yeah Who you call a late brain why all have you normal? Well, you expect it's for skist of the power tonight Oh, it's that's all yeah that's right. Well the urinformation. I'm a park college says you Come here. I'll show you Where is it coming? He's the fact that I can now All right, good is pan. I said get his pants down. What are you gonna give me all time? I know I ought to why you why you why you I ought to why you I I'm infectious I need teen. I'm taking one thing our guaranteed is a lot more disease and that must write That's calling around on most head than I've ever had my life guaranteed No contest Today's me first you know what that means don't you was that the official start of our hot couples contest That's right and people can log on to our website and the arrangers.com Not just vote on our poll, which I'll give you momentarily and email us a picture themselves But their significant other can be a man and a woman it can be two guys to women or like and that's it No children no pets No, we don't want to get rich San Tour mall whipped up into a frenzy, okay? Two weeks time to enter the pictures Thursday May 15th pictures will be up on a web and voters can vote for their favorite Then they'll be up there for a whole week starting May 15 and on Thursday May 22nd the couple gets the most votes from the audience wins We'll be doing this once each month for three months. Remember how long it took me to go to find and get this thing put together That was my that was my last consorting with Miguel. That was my last involvement with him Wash my hands done done You know this is the week I guess all of us in our lives. We reach a point where we finally say to ourselves I'm getting rid of my extra baggage in my life at this point. You know what I'm saying? No, what do you say? I'm saying this is the week that is not wise, but is it still in progress? And so this week I just washed my hands, which is a good idea here especially I wash my hands and scrubbing them clean hot soapy water of certain people who just have been and impediment to my enjoyment of life people who have been pests people who have been annoying people who have been clinging on People who have been expensive you know I'm talking about the expensive like certain ones who just left here And the Miguel is the next one anyway the grand prize for our hot couples contest three day two night stay for two With the world oasis Resort and casino in the Bahamas with round trip airfare on Lake or air and the runner-up gets dinner for two at the pizza loft So send us your pictures when I look in for naked pictures. I mean, that's you know, it's not that kind of a low although Let's see here's Bill sends us our first facts in the morning before I get back to attacking some of the morons in that building I'm just I'm fibergasted Well, Neil before you get to flavor guys. Did I had a question for you? Yes, the hot couples contest We were supposed to put the pictures up on May 15th and have them both through May 22nd. Yes, but We could just we can put them up today already But what do you mean I'm flagged before I get to fibergasted? I don't know you just said you're gonna get flavor guests. No, I said I am flamburgasted. No, I'm gonna get flavor guests Well while you're you don't get flavor guests like I'm gonna get angry in a few minutes Yeah, I mean maybe you do that you know like it's staged. Oh, I played everything up do you yeah? Yeah Well when you're under the overpass, I guess you have a lot of time to plan things Like when you're gonna pick the next flea off your scalp, but anyway, what is it you want to put them up there now? And that's fine with me that'll give you like three whole waste you want to have to still the same deadline Well, that's the thing that's I feel bad unless if people were gonna wait until May 15th or May 14th See you're missing you're missing the point see you see what he's doing George no I'm playing a rich boss now see he's interfering because we only have we have seven or eight Pictures already right right right, but those are just people that wanted to get a jump on you know give us a head start the thing doesn't officially start till today Oh It's not fair to put up those seven or eight and give my head start and then and not only that But once people vote the first time they can't change their vote So maybe in a week all of a sudden there's this hot young couple on their start naked or something or maybe in a very provocative position Or maybe one or both of them really looks sensational and people say oh I wish I could take back my vote from Joe and Jane or whatever was and they can't do it I don't have to let them vote yet. No, you're right I I thought you wanted me to put the pictures up today. I was gonna tell you that I didn't think we should okay We're on the same page Do you have any idea what he just said I Thought you wanted to put the book any I'm talking to George. I'm not talking to you. Yeah, I understand. No no He's the one who created the problem and now it's like oh, I thought you wanted me to do that There didn't I do the promo just as it's written here. Yeah, by my former close personal friend the lovely Miguel Think the point that he was trying to help the hell look that good anyway He could look time-well in Xan's I think the Carlos is trying even if it was flaming we can put the pictures up But not let them vote just so that people can see what kind of pictures were getting as they come in That's okay, but you just got through saying you don't want to do that He he miscommunicated his intention. I think I don't want to do that. Are you good? Do you want to do it? No, don't do it. Thank you. Let's do it just the way it says on it You see you're now your troublemaker. I think Eric was right about you you're just a professional little problem I guess what you are So like like I said before I'll see the rimmers and certain other people and like Miguel Course or of course he was already off my list. That's what you bought him how long ago did I tell you about him? I don't know about 30 years ago. Yeah way back into beginning when we first started And I said about him and you can't write Miguel off. We need him for this hot couple's contest What do we need him for? Well, we'll do it with your hand or it the reans are kind of promotion You do it with the ring. I know I don't mean that No, I'll do that with Miguel, but I don't want to like work with him. I'll do that any day And then he will fear me But at any rate. Oh, seriously. She could do something unless she was real good at getting that food in there And the one that came across she's real good at getting the food and of course She eats about two thirds of it, but that's beside the point. She's got to keep up her back. Oh, nice And what do you say? We need Miguel. He's the one that came across with the prizes. He's the one that went into it. You need Miguel You need him. He's not gonna talk to me anyway when I come back He's not gonna come out. He'll just wear a mask. Yeah, he ought to wear a mask God, we're a goddamn zorall mask you idiot you superstitious spit God almighty do I despise that little piece of crap The reason we don't have a best in yield by the way this year is because George and Miguel are both lazy Yeah, right that's right And they don't want to be burdened with a plus they don't trust Eric and of course I can understand See that was what really started to turn this up remember I said we're gonna go ahead and do it the best With all the respect the work that I do on it would have taken two or three hours and I do it I've had so it so laziness was not my excuse the logistical problems that would we would have encountered beyond that Or dissuasive to me how how shall we put that yeah So who's fault wasn't you you were just talking are you gonna blame Eric for it? You're gonna get me go off that There's Eric's not a Cuban soon. That's the deal all the way out together. That's right. Sure. It's a cadre All you spicks stick together. It's a secret if he was recon you wouldn't be sticking up form you'd be attacking his ass Maybe you would No, I'm not in with that Can I get back to this fact started reading this and then be no boy interrupting got a kill a whole few minutes Which is good because we got no spots on the log today, which we're still trying to get to the bottom of that Probably because I'm infection yeah, that must be it Maybe everybody's got put the word out there and let's just avoid that midday show because I'm infection Even though we got the top numbers on the station by far by a mile We don't want our fine sponsors to be on a station out on a show that's got a lot of listeners We want them to be on somebody that's clean, you know, that's antiseptic like mole Yeah, right see I'm almost tempted to tell a story about when we were still working for passing the diode And it became obvious that we're gonna go over to QAM Or at least it was in into discussion stage And a certain fat afternoon sports host on his station. I don't want to mention his name What was running around? Shout out the shootin off a month around a building about I'm gonna bring in a can of life So I'm not gonna sit on the same toilet seat as that faggot because that was back when a hump was Tempormental Grouchy guy remember in the beginning he was like out of control and I reformed him So I don't want to like pat myself on the back too much, but I'll take credit for helping Julio lose 25 pounds by embarrassment And secondly, in bursting Hank to become much more humane and much more melo and the Oh, yeah, because we were discussing yesterday If we knew anybody who was really really fat and lost a lot of weight Bokeb Ryan was offended that we didn't remember him. I didn't realize that he had lost a hundred He was never that big he lost a 127 pounds and I didn't know I thought he lost thing like maybe 50 127 127 pounds I guess we've known him give out a hit that's I was Get out of here. He'd be the size of a mosquito. Oh, finally a West Alvarez That's another one. I'm bringing back for you Miguel and course. So I'm bringing back some West now virus some SARS some HIV course some SPCA some Berryberry hepatitis C hepatitis A that's the Canadian hepatitis A Anyway, Bill says talk about a mug lump this morning at about 6.10. What was the 10th year with spond upon yet another sporty as no clue about This time was horse racing while the discussion the upcoming Kentucky Derby he referred to the inside most post position at the gate as the pole position It was up to squeaky boy to correct him explain the term pool position was for car racing and that with horses It's called the post position. He immediately said that's what I meant to say sure. I'm always sure you ask all says Bill You're an asshole Bill said, Mom, and let me say it again that PC wears to work every day Which everyone happens to be I guarantee is much more moldy and much more dangerous and unhealthy a wetbered hell I've ever had I'm just I really am I'm just almost speechless from this crap that I'm here Am I right you huh? I really am it's just so stupid. How could anybody be that stupid? Have you ever heard anything? I'm I'm so I'm amazed that they let me enter in the first place So because of the obvious you know He's got to have AIDS you know I must have something must and it's certainly must have thing crawling around in my back Go be a durable farmer something. No I'm surprised McGillian on the full of the SPCA right now turning me into the Richard gear Crime prevention unit they'll be waiting at the airport or somebody's unit Miguel it's really a shame that somebody looks as good as you as such an endothal little moron God are you dumb is he dumb Oh Course oh like I said that that goes with the territory that's no surprise I think he's kind of the beastly is anyway. I think he was the one who was trying to banjo in the tree and that movie I think that was George Corso Hey George I'm gonna breathe on your equipment. How do you like that? No, I'm using this microphone Yeah, no, what are you all sick? What are you dying over there huh? 929 at 560 WQM the chip of copper is gonna get you baby the chip of copper Hey, I'll tell you place where you'll be real happy and you'll be safe and that's brand issues in popato beach Who's this year are celebrating 25 amazing years of doing good things on your feet and for your feet and with your feet They got the top brands in a world like I sales people are give you a perfect fit every time They got them all they got rock ports echo mafist of Timberland Clark's SAS floor shaman lots more and no matter what your feet are like Whether they're like tiny sizes or wide or narrow they got them all two men sizes 6 to 15 women's five and 12 and what's from the very narrow to the very very wide like I said The other day like a big platypus like a duck you ever see anybody with web feet? Yes, actually go on a talk about it Anyway, and they got people there at Brandy's or we didn't know how to fit you right to make sure you get a perfect fit every time with over 40,000 parents stock In their 8,000 square foot mega store out that Miguel's life on it and throw in George Corzos life as well That they have a zack at what you want in stock in your size Brandy shoes a great place to treat your feet There are 12 90 North federal highway in popato beach open daily 9 to 9 Sunday's 10 to 5 and right now is as always a great time to shop brandies Because it's a lesser-bewoman-style naturalizers are on special sale right now this week take 20 to 60% off So stop by the store or visit Brandy's on a web if you like at Brandy's shoes that with two S 3 S's got it you counting them Brandies shoes.com Station stands for nothing. Oh, I wonder wonder Says We drop them our Sister Gray wash a chance. Then you silly Jenny and Plunder, her oil water and natural gas. Oh why wonder wonder? We do do why. We drop the bomb on the wall. What a cute, baby, you stay dead in supper long. We sure show them a thing or two. My country right around. We're like wonder wonder. We do do why. We drop the bomb on the wall. I wonder why. We got the bomb on the wall. Oh my god. 934-560 WQM-Hempie 32. It's raining cats and dogs here. It's cloudy and murky and gray. I understand the same for down there. Likewise yes. So what do you mean? Yes. So Miguel called all pissed off. Well, screw him. Okay. Okay. Correct something. He's not afraid of the chupacabra but he is terrified of the chupacinga. I'm sure that. Two on this sweetheart. He didn't call you. He's not going to show his face in here because now they realize that I reminded him that I actually was in there back in March and early April for about two and a half weeks. Now he's definitely going to stay clear. That's both of those rooms. No he did call. Actually. And said what? You know something between the two you this morning. I'm glad we got the audience's budget witnesses out there. Between you and Venerable, your disciple. I can't I can't I can't get a straight answer on you. He's making a whole similar about doing something that I didn't see. We're going to do in the first place. I thought that's what you wanted to do. After I just got through reading exactly the way we planned undo it. And he's making a problem that doesn't exist. But it kills him good time. And now what do you kill him good time with? Miguel. And he thinks it's hysterical. Of course he loves you. You rip him all you want. He doesn't love you. He loves you. He loves you. He loves you. He loves you. He loves you. He loves you. He loves you. He loves you. He loves you. He loves you. He loves you. When I left the last time, he wouldn't even kiss me on a lips. How do you like that? He loves me. Of course that he really I guess he must have realized I've been here. Yeah, well he loves you as a friend. Not in that way. He has been in my house. Right. And he did go both of my dogs rest in peace. You know something? Now that I think about it and maybe it wasn't him but I'm pretty sure it was him. Back when he was at my house that time what the hell was he bringing me? He brought me something. Why can't see it on the air? Okay. Nobody did bring me something. And then that time I go to retrieve or had the stuff in his ears because he always had the ear infection. Like they packed it with an awful grace stuff. Yeah. And so he smelled. You know, I mean my dog's never smelled. Right. I know that. But at that time he smelled from that stuff. And I remember him. I guess he doesn't like dogs. Is he the one? I don't know. Yeah. I don't know my dogs a lot. Everybody sure. I think I need to get some dogs. I really do. You know, since I hate to say this on a year because I try not to like unload my personal baggage. And it's not like that I've even shed a tear. Although I was a little emotional for half a second. Mm-hmm. Did I talk about seeing the min pin that I mentioned that? Or I just tell you that off the air. No, you did not either or. Really? Well, this was like I believe last Friday. And I was walking around downtown. There was a guy walking his dog. And it was a female. She was pregnant. And so obviously, uh, Chubby. Right. Looks like poker Brian before the diet. And, uh, but the face was the same as tiny. And you don't see a lot of min pins. You know, they're, uh, huh? For whatever reason. They're not common. Really? Really? And I saw that face. And it's a good thing it wasn't a male. Because it would have been a male. It would have been identical. And at the point I bet you're, I would have like shed like a little tiny tear. Yeah, like that. And then I'm gone about my business, right? But, uh, and since tiny died now, the other one, because I knew he was, you know, Golden Retrievers with 13, 14 years. And he lived a 13. And, you know, was sad. But, but little dog sometimes lived like 18 or 20. Right. And tiny was only 14. And I just, I just have the feeling that there's something when he died. It was like a certain degree of finality, you know? Right. Like now I'm ready. I'm ready to go to the balcony out here. It's right in front of me. I can go to the balcony and come. Don't do it. You're too young. That last night, your psychic powers must be here. I watched the first half of network again last night. I didn't need to see the rest of it. Yeah. But I just needed to see the first half is so great. And William Holden was so sensational. And addition to which I've tell you, when we did those surveys, on best performances, how could anybody could not have, I guess he did maybe, uh, fade down a way for network. But she only got it like five or six votes. Man, she was unbelievable. There are a couple of scenes where she goes through this long, and she's in there with the Robert Duval. Right. She's talking, and to put, uh, the Howard Ville back on the year. Mm-hmm. That that scene is worth a billion dollars. I mean, her performance there just, just if that was the only thing she did in the movie. Right. She was great. She was phenomenal. She's, she's great. Anyway, finally, somebody faxes me better like the neighbor, but even so they still can't get her. You know, I feel bad. I feel really bad for the people of South Florida because there are. You know, they've got some assholes. But there are a lot of nice people in South Florida who deserve better, but unfortunately, got the crappy politicians. You got the corrupt assholes that wanted to keep it a banana. And Republic the way it's been for a long time for about, uh, how many years? About 30, man. Now, I would say, mostly about 23, I would say, since Mary else, since the courageous freedom floatilla, right. Another example of a horrendous nightmare being portrayed as something super wonderful that we're way of deflagging about, right. The courageous freedom floatilla. And that preceded just a sense I talked yesterday about the story jury Williams last day on the R&D on WNWS. The reason that was going on on that hood at the time was because it was just months after the Maryal Boliv, and at that time, the date counting, especially South they was turning into a toilet. They were like all kinds of builders and bodies and cars on the XI highway and the convenience store that was across where we used to be. There are a lot of them in this seat. That was getting knocked off like an average of once every 10 days. So that's part of the courageous freedom floatilla. That certain elements of media didn't want to talk about too much, including a herald of course because they had the busy pan to be even back then. The certain elements in the community who still hate him like poison by the way, hate to break the news to you, they heard they all hate you. So when the sun's sent and we'll speak to Southland newspapers, they finally better late than ever get around with the somebody faxes me from the old bichibory page today. And there's nothing in here about your, whatever being in South Florida. And I don't want to bring you with the whole thing. It's so he died in mass general after long illness. WRK on Boston. He worked in Philly, New York Chicago. He was a pioneer. He did this. He started his radio crew in Bristol, Tennessee in 46. Came to Boston, work for WMES, A.M., which is when I heard him. He was all over the place. Boved to WMC in New York, WWDB, the wonderful world of valley banks in Philly where he became the first FM talk show host. It was inducted to the radio Hall of Fame in 1996, carried out frequent radio crew's sades. It came up, especially hard to put a performer governor Michael Duke caucus of Massachusetts. And he'd been in semi retirement. Actually, he was pushed into semi retirement by Walter Sabo. We don't know where he has that doing. Yeah, let's sure. Walter Sabo is another asshole. Screwed over Jerry Big Time, because he was the consultant for RKL. Jimmy Carter, that's what the JIMI, GME, GME, why you do this to me? Jimmy Carter, WROLA in Boston, where Mr. Williams had done guest spots, we called a piece of advice, Mr. Williams, a given. He said, if you can't be good, be loud. And he was good, any was loud, Jerry Williams. He had a very stintory voice, but not, but not kind of sending, but certain other people we know with stintory voices. No, who's that? I'm in section. You know, not like that. You had a great voice. Jerry Williams is one of the greatest, so there's nothing to hear about him ever working at WMWS for a year in Miami, and this is in the Sun Sentinel. And it's written by the Pasha Ray, whoever that is, BIPASHA, the Pasha Ray from the Associated Press. Nice going Tom's Jika. Once again, little Tommy drops the ball. I would be surprised if just like Mickey, his ball starts turning black, you know? His basketball. No, when surprised me, because that's what happens. That's the way the Lord works. When you continue screwing up over and over and over again. I'm in section. I'm a little Tommy man. He just they cut the 941 at 5 soon. Am I, Ramlet here? In a good way. Good. And I listen, I'm just going on. I'm moving forward. Because like I said, this is the week in my life that I make a lot of changes, some of which are already been made. And this business, now, how can he rationalize? He's into Nile McGill. The fact that he calls you and he still loves New and the Baba. But what does that mean? He loves me, but he's concerning with other people in the building, spreading this paranoia that if I come back from Toronto, then everybody's going to have to go in a hiding where I should be quarantined at home for a couple of months, because I'm going to have SARS. He also called me a fellow name and Spanish for knocking him out. I don't have SARS. I have scars. I have scars. I have scars from the abuse I'm taking from somebody that I thought was a close personal friend. Somebody I could trust. The unkindest cut of all. The unkindest. What were did you say? Cut cut. Because I would have been the other word. I would have said that would have been the appropriate word. The thin time Jacob would have put in the paper. 942 at 5. 60. See you next time, Miguel. Next time I'm back there and it'll be very soon. I'm going to sneak in, you know. I'm going to sneak in with a height under the counter there. And the night. That's right. And once some of these unsuspecting pussy's net building. Wow. Yeah. Just like a rod. Or a rod's try to say and they ripped him with the papers here. Nice gone boys. They don't mince around here. While some of them do. They don't monkey around. They don't mince their words. They ripped him and asked for his aberrant behavior. And he was, you know, something A rod out of work at QAM. He really would. I mean, they can't afford him. But he ought to work there. Because he'd fit in with that stuff and have cowardly staff. And Bart Lara's going to play A rod in his biography. Well, when he retires, we could hire him as a sales rat. Yeah, that's right. He never sure off anyway. Like Todd Drek. Hey, listen. Mother's Day is a week from Sunday. It's just around the corner. So it's a perfect time to repay mommy. Who spends so many staplest nights waiting for you to get home for your late and have excursions out and about. Doing whatever. Mommy. In fact, wouldn't be great to wear a nice. Skin suit and nipple rings on mother's day. Dilem actress has the perfect mattress for mommy. If it's sagging lumpy, you're just worn out and your mattress too. Pick up the phone and do the same thing all as smart folks do. And make an easy purchase over the phone. 1-800 mattress is the number to call for dial-a-maxers. They got the complete line of service. See the King Coral and sentenced to choose from. You sure want mommy sleeping on something. You wouldn't so don't put it off another minute. Because you went in out of the time anyway. If mommy's coming to visit. Nothing's got a bigger impact on your life. Each and every day than getting a great night sleep. I've done it many, many times and you'll find it's a smart and easy way to shop. Just make that one phone call. Dilem actress gets more repeat and referral customers than anybody because they know how to treat their customers right. I guarantee I'll bet you Miguel's life on it again. Once you buy a mattress from dial-a-maxers, you'll never go back to shopping and assure him again getting ripped off. And don't forget when you do buy your mattress from dial-a-maxers. They'll set up the new one and take away your smelly crappy old vetting. For free. That's right. Dilem actress sets up a new one and takes away the crappy smelly soil. And it's a really good quality, so I'll be able to buy a new one. So this mother's day had mommy sleeping like a baby on her new bed from dial-a-maxers. Give her to get to available all the nominations too. In fact, maybe you and mommy will have a nice, nice, like Elvis. It was a good luck. Elvis and Gladys, huh? I can just see you and mommy on a big sort of mattress together. Side by each. Call today 1-800-MATT-R-E-S. That's 1-800-MATPERS for dial-a-maxers. The easy and intelligent way to get you a great night sleep. Lace. Finer. Local faces, faces, five-six-laces. Where you though, you're in hell. A happy way in. Pull off that desk, big, pull off. Same again, I got an idiot. Sister-Gee, the dance machine, a swing-and-done with happy feet. Just the giant, a true loopie. Sister-Gee, the dance machine. Sister-Gee, the take-and-the-seek. Daddy, cats, and doctorate. Hold her down. The way to leave. She can't shake that tasty feet. She's quiet inside a blind-and-white, looking like a real cool bench and cool. Look at her ghost. Swing and high-end, no. With the boy-friend, father-and-o-tool. Sister-Gee, the dance machine. Dancing and her own way thing. She'll knock you off your feet. When you hear her well-intz. I got a bad habit of gongping like a rabbit when the Beauty turns me on. I know it's not soft, but I've told God damn happy that he wouldn't get it off. Sister-Gee, the swing and love. A shake and bouncing, no-one. Daddy, cat for 85. Stand up, look it really bite. Sister-Gee, the dance machine. Sister-Gee, the dance machine. The dance machine. Sister-Gee, Derek Green. Sister-Gee, the dance machine. Sister-Gee, the dance machine. Sister-Gee, the dance machine. Sister-Gee. Sister-Gee. Sister-Gee, the dance machine. How are they allowed to record some of these. He just could celebrate the 50th anniversary of joining the religious life, a calling that's brought her from a teenage novice to the present of a thriving university. You think that she and the janual hop in that red pickup truck can take off into the sunset? What a road trip that would be. Now, Sister Gene said she's ready for a new chapter. O'Lachlan, a trailblazing nun who's towns as educator, advocate and leader of made her one of the mind he's most respected civic figures. Well, step down as president of Paris University in June of 2004, she announced yesterday. You think she was in the room when the abulets were checking out the Aliens unit? Obviously not. Oh, she don't want to see that. In fact, I see a lot of similarities between Donna Shalala and Sister Gene. In 22 years, O'Lachlan transformed very from a small struggling college into a thriving university with more than 8,500 students, a law school and a $22 million endowment, now a long-term retirement is in the works. Oh, I can only imagine. I can't you just see them driving up the old Hershey highway together, right? Fishing? She nanned her first million-dollar donation for Barry on a bet 20 years ago, donning a white setten and a feather boa, and building out don't cry from a Argentina aboard a millionaire as yacht. On a $2 million dollar deer, she learned ballroom dancing to become most like for the first Dominican nuns of debut at the U.S. ballroom championships. Her tireless efforts and standard 16-hour days have not been limited to Barry's welfare, and she's been a devoted civic champion fighting drugs, feeding the homeless and promoting justice for immigrants, and protection for children. Her work has net a dozens of accolades and awards and after becoming a twine in the saga of rafter child, Alien Gonzalez, a brush where why we don't want to go back to that again. Because at Mercedes, we'll get on a phone and start screwing up with her life again. Hey Sister Gene. I'm in fact, Miss. I just thought you ought to know that, okay? Maybe she can cure you. Maybe she can the miracle. Maybe she can order an excess of Smith and her spare time now. Maybe she can get somebody who can come in and cure me. Father old, too. And he's got the magic touch. That's what he tells all the altar boys. He'd like to touch it. Hey McGraw, I still would touch it. I'll tell you that. Right now. But other than that, I just leave behind drive. Well, hi and more. He just popped in here. He did he really? Yeah. When you better remind him that I was there for two weeks, two long weeks back in Maha. I know he's going to quarantine himself because of what we reminded him of that. He's not going to quarantine himself. In fact, my comeback there, I'm going to have an extra cheer in there and the two he's going to sit in my lap. But he laughed about. As tenants. Oh, as penis right. He's going to be sitting right on my lap every show. And I'm going to be breathing heavy. I'm going to be doing a lot of eggs sailing. I can't you just see that? I can envision right now. I think that would be great radio. Well, these are the things that's funny. What does it work? Does he still in there? Yeah, he used to be my buddy McGell. I turned on me like a rat. Ever since Doreen had that big spat with the mole and got all I publicity on here. And he just just jealous. He just wants equal time with that bitch. Would it fat as bitch? Stuck up. He wants to be a shivering. Huh? What do he just say? I thought he said the effort. Sort of. Yeah, that's it. Yeah, I'm another bad weather word. But it started. Back at you. Sweetheart. Back at you. See another guy that thinks. He thinks he's stuffed on stank. He thinks he's hot stuff. Let the end. Yeah. We're not just telling you right now. You bet he's right. You better get prepared. Well, I don't know. I don't know that. Peter Clayton ain't around no more. But the fact of the matter is that we're going to be doing a best of Neil. I do your compilation this summer. I'm going to win two and three right. Right. And then because of the fact that we got the website, we need it up there all the time. And I'm sure that Eric will really put his head head to the grindstone once he gets set out of his salami and she's sandwiched. And give us a lot of ass systems. So just you guys be thinking about that right now because I'm not back in out of this and I want to do it again for abandoned pev rescue. Of course. Because I'm not going to go on getting any more dogs because I don't want any more dogs. It's too attached you down and he can't go a treps and trips in around a world getting all these diseases to bring back. I got one through now. By the way. A disease? No, little puppy. I'm all teeth. Now, didn't you say my dog smell bad? Your dog's thunk that they made. Yes, say I knew it was him. See people think that I make these things up. I knew. It wasn't because he's stuck. It's because he had that gunk in his ears because he had ear infection. And they packed it. Okay. You had no about that. They packed it. It was ears. Yeah. And my beautiful girl that retriever who was probably the sweetest dog that ever set foot on a face of the ear that he's knocking my dog. Not in Winnie. Miguel hurt Winnie's feelings. Yeah. Well, you know I have to say. I have to say. I say, I say, Poo to you. Okay. As in Winnie. You know that Winnie the pool. Winnie was a real beard. Did you know that? Yes. And he was like up. The there was a Canadian division in London. During WDW one or two after get which I think one. And one of the soldiers it was like their pet. When it was like a little, a little tiny bear. And then when the bear had then the course the soldier had to go up to war and the bear was like They got a PSA they could run in here. Like the guy that invented Superman. He was also Canadian. I've never seen so many people of the massive inferiority complexes. The Canadians are great people except the French. But they just got this enormous inferiority complex. And just to show you that not inferior to his story, which you'll find on our website today. Cretche and ready to eat pop possession law. Oh, right. That's right. To show you that this country is light years ahead of you. Yankee's down there man. I hate the Yankees. Oh, sorry Joe Costella. But Joe still on the cruise. Yes. I'll be there. Hey listen Miguel. I don't get carried away. Okay. You know, is he just taking over now? And this is the same Miguel by the way. All this comes streaming back to me now. He won't let me get the microphone back. He's huddling over me. He's invading my guess what? Guess what? Vener Boy's got it. Sorry. You name it. He's got it. Anybody that's leaving outside under the overpass? Can you imagine the the zeas riddled body? And you already told me about that that Hikki on his neck that duck gave him last week? That's not a Hikki. That's a shankard. Is it really? Well, whatever it is, okay. But what I'd be very concerned about is walking too close by my softs office from what I'm here. I wouldn't be hanging out near there. I'm just mentioning that Miguel. I know you're a pussy. Can I get back to the story? What was I just about to say? I don't know. Oh, no. I mean, I want to say when he filled in when you were in vacation and was it in the summertime? Again. In a royal room. And he said in your chair, there won't say, I've got them. We're lucky hanging back when I was doing my bedtime stories. And pretended he enjoyed the bedtime stories. And then would tell you how he hated it. I mean, he happened to have been right. But nevertheless, I mean, there's another backstab. I got scar as man. No SARS, but just deep scars. I have wounds. I'm going to rewrite that beach borne song in my womb. Because I have battle scars from being stabbed so many times. That of course we got certain other people. I'm infected. Yeah, stabbing. Try to get everybody fired. You're going to be next Miguel. I was going to try to get your ass fired if you stand a show too long today. You're good, buddy. Mo, he won't be or concerning with you anymore. You'll be in the same sweat list as a Doreen. Same Schmidt list. The University of Canada people are gravitate to him. He was talking about the Todd wreck was hanging out within this morning. Standing and looking at the window. In fact, if he stands in that control room and looks in there, the top of his head comes up to the bottom of that window. Todd wreck. Crutch and ready to ease pop possession law on Canada. A clause greets promise to youth. Either they showed clips of the speech last night when they started running an ass. Did they all started applying wildeers? Oh, don't get the carried away. We don't start smoking again. It was cute. And his obnoxious froggy way. She won't think about here is that you know when they have the parliament meetings. They do the same thing that the brits do. And there's somebody be up there speaking whether it's Crutch and or whoever. And I don't know how they can hear anything anybody is saying because here. I don't know how they all is racket the back of their screen. And that's just they're they talking they're screaming in a back. It's great. That's what we should have in the Congress of the Western state of this. All were so polite to each other. And he distinguished gentlemen from South Carolina. The distinguished Nazi from wherever you know. Paula Crab calling his government activist and not afraid to take on controversial issues. Prime Minister John Cretchen Castanada, you last night. And if I had that marijuana would soon be decriminalized in Canada. Oh, it was the and guess who's pissed off about Russia point out. I don't know ours president pushes drugs are John Walvers is blame Canadian growers and smugglers for the high strength pot on US streets. But that one. But the Canadian medical association and the Canadian chiefs of police both support the criminalization. How do you like that? Cretchen says that possessing small quantities I think it's an ounce. We'll soon be decriminalized in Canada. I'll soon be enough for a start. Sure. Last night. Dauer. We'll soon have previous legislation to decriminalize possession of small amounts of marijuana to the liberal party fundraiser. I'm in a plaza equipped. Don't smart start to smoke it right away. We're not legalizing it. Cretchen said that in his youth marijuana was known. I never tasted it, but he spoke cigarettes when his father told him not to. When he gave me permission to 16 I stopped. Youth today are charged criminally for possession marijuana. But they're changing that here in Canada. Either light years ahead of the repressive USA. It wants to put everybody in jail. We'll find something. You look at this cross side. You're thinking about committing a crime. We don't like the way you're a part of your head. We're going to throw your ass in jail. Those are the kind of right wing fascists that people like Miguel and George Corso are in bed with. Although at least Miguel was smart enough to get one from Dalama and Triscus they give it to him for free. I never gave the pola yet. No, it's not a bunch of votes on here. I never gave it a. If the next presidential election was being held today who would you vote for? George W. Bush Howard Dean Hillary Clinton Ralph Nader Bob Graham. That's why voted for Bob Graham. John Edwards, Julie Roman, John Kerry, Dick Gibhard or Jesse Ventura. I voted for BDI Governor Bob. I like Bob Graham. I like him too. He's all heart. I 58 at five. Oh, by the way, what's his name's getting a pacemaker? Fat boy. That's the word we heard from Adam and sales this morning. Anybody cares about Jeff high? Fat boy? Get in a pacemaker. So maybe he and Fat Rich can like compare notes. They can rub their pacemakers together. 9.59 a QA. Meal on Mother's Day next week. In the post it Vermont Teddy Verb and busy hand making some great new bears for you. Your mom wife and grandmother deserves something extra special. Show them how much you appreciate them by sending an authentic Vermont teddy bear. So receive a beautiful bear personalized just for her and delivered with a free card in gourmet candy and a colorful gift box. They've got great bears like the spa mob bear. Mom's biggest fan or the new queen for a day bear. Would you like to be queen for a day? No. How about queen for a lifetime? They add that your job to get a gift from the kids and the mother and Cubset is a perfect idea. Add as many Cubs as you need with their names embroidered on the office depending on how many kids you got. It's more creative and thoughtful than flowers and the last lifetime other than flowers which are dead in hours. Just call toll free 1-800-829 bear and a friendly bear accountable. Hope you're a bear just for her. So she'll know you put some real thought into your gift. It's about time. You'll believe the reaction you'll get ordering is quick and easy. Just call toll free 1-800-829 bear or shop online at Vermont teddy bear.com. This year, Thakman Proshita is with a great gift of bear from Vermont teddy bear. Comany of hoarded to call 1-800-8-8-829-B-E-A-R. We're sports video 5-6-1-U-A-M. It's day! This is Miami town at 5-6-0-W-U-A. I'm in fact this is... I'm my way to work in the snow and not knowing from all there in the snow as well as I was. I get right on a stall and low and beholden. I slip think that my head and then I die. I left you in a diet, so try it. You like it and just one other thing I might in mind. Watch your step. Hey, hey, step-rolls, I like some of your head. So you don't crack holes in your head. I die itself, but not a way to do it. For Dr. Bob, you still did you hear about that? Did he die? 10-03-05-60-W-U-M-U-M. It's really ironic about this home of guilt, man. I'm sure he's not the only one in that building, but people who consider themselves so macho. That's what really is amusing to me. Back right after 9-11. There were certain ones of us who had no compunction. I'm not going to say none, but we weren't so pacified that we stopped flying. In fact, I signed this deal for them to build me the studios here in the Amsterdam, like shortly after that. Right? On a November day, and I flew up here because I had a retmion apartment. And it was like November, so let's see. It was like less than two months after 9-11. And I've other gay friends, those were supposed to be cissified. Those were flying to Amsterdam all over the world. And back in those days, you'd look around at the other people on the planet. I remember talking about it. But love these macho guys. Oh my God, he's infectious. We got to put him on quarantine. We're not going to fly because our plane's got to get by a hijack. And it also speaking of Todd Drek. Remember when we talked about him getting his blood test because he was all freaking out about his cholesterol and this and then. And he wouldn't go get his blood test because he's afraid of the needle. He's afraid of the little girl. He's afraid of the little prick. Right. I'll be scared to death of me in that case. Oh, he's a good company. Pussy, pussy, pussy, man. A rod, big macho baseball player. I'm going to be standing a hotel. You'll find me in my room with Brian Wilson and his teddy bear. Because he's afraid he's going to catch something. I mean, time to Kansas City. We're also just been here for a weekend series. And it's quite of all the warnings from Major League baseball. And but Cila gives him more on. They were around town. I had a good time. No, no problem. So people who are just a scared of life. They just, they just slay me. Well, what's the point? Why not just blow your brains out. Then you're happy to be afraid of nothing. Well, that's right. They're afraid of the consequences after what I'm sorry. They're afraid of what happens on the other side. Speaking of a fact. I mean, now what I was just talking about. Keep gays out of baseball. Rockies player says. Colorado Rockies reliever. Todd Jones has caused a fewer saying gay players should not be allowed in Major League Baseball. I wouldn't want a gay guy being around me. Jones told them to be repost. I'd to break the news to you. So I'd buy guarantee. I'd bet Miguel's life on it. You got some. It's got nothing to do with me being scared. He says that's the problem. All these people say he's got all these rights. Yeah, he's got rights or whatever. But he shouldn't walk around proud. It's like he's rubbing it in our face. I want to line. It's like he's rubbing it in our face. See me hear me roar. All I can't run ready, huh? We're not trying to be close. But then again, why be confrontational when you know we really have to be. I don't know any gay baseball players that are very run big competition to you. No, no. I think there are a lot of run around deep in a closet. That's what Steve Stone said. But I actually player also said that if a gay player is allowed on TV, better be good. Because if the team thinks for one man, these disrupting the clubhouse, if he doesn't have 50 homers win 20 games, they're not going to put up with that. So in other words, it's okay. And he's safe if he's a great player. But if he turns out to be a turdberger of a player, not going to put up with that. Is that incredible? No, it's very incredible. The tie rate was prompted by a reporter's question about the Broadway play, take me out in which a major league baseball player now says that he's gay. This is just more evidence that anti-gay prejudice is out of control in national sports. So David Smith, spokesperson for the Human Rights Campaign, the largest gay rights organization in the country. The commissioners of all the national sports leagues baseball football and basketball need to immediately address homophobia Smith said. Barack is went into immediate damage control after the article appeared. The team posted a message at its website saying the Rockies do not share Jones views opinions or attitudes. As an organization in part of this community, we are committed to providing an environment for our employees and fans that's free of discrimination and prejudice, regardless of race, color, sex religion, national orient, what is that? National origin, I think is what they mean, but it says national orientation. Yeah, I'm orientate towards Canada. Age disability or status as a veteran, team president Kelly McGregor said in the statement. There has been no comment. No, actually it is. That's right, national orientation. There is no such thing. National origin is what they want. Well, it's a letter. What do you want from a bunch of dumb jokes anyway? It's a letter. And by the way, Todd, I got a message for you. I'm infection. Yeah, I do like that. I got it. Whatever it is, you pick it. I got it. And I'm going to give it to you. I'm going to breathe on you. I'm going to rub it in your nose. Here's our poll so far today. And I apologize for being so long. Wouldn't it take so long? Don't I apologize? No, that's because being a boy, assuming off my appointed rounds here. Sorry. It was intentional. You're not full in me. It was probably McGill put you up to it. I'll use sticks together. 120 votes. It's a nice, presidential election. A bigger part. What a great product. Speaks sticks. What? What is the next presidential election for being held today? Who would you vote for? And this, I mean, granted. You can't have all these people running a once, but it's just for a hell, but we got a year and a half to go until we get rid of this. I mean, till 128 votes. Bob Graham 43 that was my vote. I scorned Governor Bob. We love you. I mean, we don't love you. But, compared to what we got. Just a little bit. We love you. We don't love you. But, compared to what we got. Just even, sure, it's got 28. George W. Bush, 2015. P.S. percent, not too thrilling. Hillary Clinton, 12.9.3%. Howard Dean, 10. John Kerry, 6. Ralph Nader, 4. Dickib Hart, 3. People like Dick. John Edwards, 2. And Julie, Roman, has got the big. Oh, zero. Oh, yeah, they're on to him. They are on to him. So, we're ordering an immediate quarantine on anybody to building who you think might be diseased. Like, mobile people to come in. Did I tell yesterday I was psychically. They should have built a studio for him in Boca. So, number one, he doesn't have to come in and the press everybody by his presence. He doesn't have to come in and terrorize the people who work with him on at morning show. And number three, he doesn't have to spread any kind of diseases might be growing in his bag and his piece. I think that's all the more good reasons. In fact, you know who they could send to his house to build a studio in his home? No, no. George Corso would be good. They'd get along. We'll go together. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. And a lot of stuff here today, but let's get a whole bunch of calls in here, okay? For all of you people on a rip McGill and S, or maybe you agree with McGill. Maybe you're afraid that I shouldn't come back to town at all. No, you can't come back to America because we'll first of all at war thing, you know? Right. You're either with us or against us and we just didn't want to jump in, jump on a bandwagon. Let me ask you this question. Have we found any weapons of mass? Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, you know the cantilek church that they said I'm firing, no one will be asked today. Right. They said after the fire they found weapons of mass destruction. 5, 6, 7, oh, who's that on a bat line? WQA in Pat line. Is George there? Who's this? It's Dave Johnter. Dave. Hey, hi. Hi, that's a bus. You're not supposed to be on tilt of RO. Dave, I'm not ready for you today. Is this on? I just wanted to check some time. This is like verbal foreplay we're doing here today. How you doing? I'm doing great. I'm in Toronto and of course I'm spreading disease all over the place. You got that mass gone? I got it on. In fact, I got the zoro mass gone right now. Okay. Well, the weird one you make you picked tonight, okay? I'm going to work on it feverously tonight and my pick too. Okay. What time you want me to call them? What time would be convenient for you? A gentleman like you doesn't we don't tell you when to call you. Tell us when to call him. We'll be delighted to speak with you. I'll talk to you at 11 o'clock. 11 o'clock would be great. And best regards from your close personal friend, Mohour David. By the way. Okay. In fact, I'm sure he'll be listening with David Brett. Talk to you tomorrow. See you tomorrow, Dave. Thanks. Okay. There's a little preview. Dave Johnson or annual Kentucky Derby pick. He's great. Yeah. He's not his fan. By the way, George, you're wrong about that. Five, six, seven, five, six, the pound five, six, the on the AT&T. And for Ryan, sir, waterless line. Jackpot. Excellent. Hit the jackpot right off the bed. I bet you if I want to even outdo that I can do line nine. You watch WQAM. Say Neil. Yes, sir. I wanted to talk about good looking guys for a minute. Really? Yeah. Okay. What do you think about Bob Greasy? I mean Brian Greasy. Ugly. He's listening. Oh, thank you. I'm a friend. Even with the helmet on. A helmet and a SARS mask still wouldn't help. I don't know. There's something about it that I like. I don't know. Really? What's that? Is it his. He's grow test. Come on, you know, that is daddy was ugly. And he looks just like daddy. No, he's dad. But I don't know. All right. In fact, you know something about Brian. I told this before. When I was doing U of M baseball. When you did on channel 33, I did a play by play and Bob Greasy. Did the color with me? And usually bring Brian who back in those days is like a nine or ten year old little guy and Brian looked the same then basically as he does now. He was just as ugly as the kid as he is now. Well, he liked to hang around with the guys that call him the size go I guess. Did he really? I'll tell you one thing. He sure be a good choice for the dolphins as a backup. You know, in fact, I'd like to see him start. I not thought I liked the dolphin. Yeah, what? Obviously, the big old last night and he was poop pulling it. Oh. Where's he really? When you know something that's probably all the more reason it is a good idea because the big old knows absolutely nothing about sports. So that's a great idea. Someone called up and mentioned your name yesterday. He got all flustered. Who did? I did some call or did. On the big O show, and mentioned your name. He got flustered. Oh, he's probably another one. That's all right. I'm going to bring you some. I'm going to breathe all over him when I come back. Have a great day, pal. And give Brian a big kiss for us. Okay. I want to hold a bunch of classes. I don't hold a bunch of classes with Brian Greesian Columbus. He's ugly. Yeah. He was a nice kid. He was very quiet. Yeah. And he's really quiet. Really smart guy. Right. He was quiet. He was intelligent. Like his dad. Bob's kind of strange. You know, if I asked a mad dog. Bob was an outstanding athlete, but he was strange. In fact, working with him on a kid baseball games, he was kind of strange. He just like never had anything to say. Maybe he and I just didn't have a lot in common. Could be. No, he just, no, you asked, ask mad. It's your tell you. Because I know he shares my feeling about Bob Greesian. I was just a little bit off. Now, what is this? Why did you do this to me? Why did you send me a thing here about from the Sun Sentinel. My Michael Mayo, no, was about Steve Kane about this year. There you go. To keep you up to date. Ah, geez. The bombastic conservative radio host and member of the school boards diversity committee hates the euphemism in the end word. He prefers using the actual word, which is exactly why he did the other day during it a debate with the infinite of 100 students at dear field beach high. The context wasn't hateful. We were insulting, but considering where we were and where he sits. It was pretty down thoughtless, needless, and incentive. Kane, who was white, was trying to register his display with the evil liberal media's use to the term right wing. For some reason he sees this as a projorative, compiling it, comparing it to being called well, the inward, the mother of all racial epithets, nigger. An assistant principal, Wade Edmund stood up in protestive Kane's language. Edmund is black. They got into it a little bit after Kane. Casual used the word a couple more times. Edmund left the room. Some students, black and white, also voiced concerns. Kane asked why they were so upset, considering they probably heard the word every day. Why do you give such power to a word he said? Then why do you give such power to words like right wing a girl shot back? Why do you let that bother you? Two shays is Michael Mayo. Somehow a 90 minute program that was supposed to be about a firm in a reaction and agreed into this, by by thoughtful debate, hello controversy, which I think is exactly what Kane wanted, which is why I wasn't going to write about it, but then my phone rang on Wednesday. People are buzzing about this down black while 35. Well, you see, you shouldn't have written about a Michael Mayo, but you didn't away, because you gave him just we wanted some free publicity. That's all he wanted. And by the way, he's got like fractions, WNMA. I have to correct what I said before. Tiny, teeny little fractions. When the ratings come out, we got all those numbers now. You could put their audience into a phone booth and have room left over, but Michael Mayo feels compelled the spirit of Moses compelled him to write about Mr. Ego. This is Port-2056, you way am. Factors. Well, congratulations, Ganna Life. God, that trouble was long-pondrous and reborn. You almost didn't get along, are you long-pondrous? Did you like it? Maybe. Miami has the dolphins there, the worst football team. They club the ball from goal to goal, like the ones ever seen. Oh, right. They're on the ground, that's where they'll stay. They're never in control. And when you say Miami, you're talking toilet holders. They're the Miami dolphin. I am the dolphins. Miami dolphins, number. Only jeans and a week. 32 Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Don't bet on them, you'll always lose. They don't know how to tackle. They don't know how to block. Their coaches ought to tell them to put their day in their jogs. They're then they would run much faster and even in defeat. When we go to the stadium, we'll see Miami. And they're the Miami dolphin. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins, number. Only jeans and a week. I heard them, man. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. The team that hasn't got a clue. Miami has the dolphins, but the dolphins have no fans. Just 50,000 assholes sitting in the stands. They watch the game and all they do is mone in gripe vintage. I wonder how Joe Lobby got to be so goddamn rich and there the Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins, number. How many jeans and a week? I know. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. I hear the crowd peek into blue. The dolphins have faith-feet-learned that quarter-backs that you've always run down the field. And he will grow up past over you. I'll never win a super bowl you shouldn't be surprised when he gets cut. That doesn't mean that he was circumcised in there. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins, number. I'm a jeans and a week. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Chacals his signals in Hebrew. But dolphins have no defense and their offenses at Joe. Like George Bush eating pretzels. You know they're gonna choke. They'll always disappoint you when they're in a playoff race. With fewer points than Park Marks on high singers. I'll keep facing there. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Number. All what the hell? 32. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Now they're through. The Miami dolphins. All right. 1021. Here's a fast-remandian Miami who says, Neil, it's somebody on your transmitter. No, Andy, that's a problem. Nobody peed on it. That's what we need. We need to have George Corso and Bob Vermuth go out their hand and hand and pee on the transmitter. It says all week long, your signals been fading in and out. It's driving me nuts. Why can't you be on that? Oh, that's because of the weather probably. Why? Because of the rain? Yeah, sure. The rain in and cloudy in a couple of birds, cigarette dumps. Call it takes when you're on AM, especially with our crappy signal. And other Julios left. We don't have an engineer that knows his answer from your elbow. It says, why can't you be on Power 96 from ten to two? The pumpkin kids with the school anyway, supposedly. Keep up the good works as Andy and Miami. Thank you, Andy. And we should be on Power 96. We should be on a real FM station. Can you imagine how do we get these numbers on a station? And nobody can hear. That's the real mystery, you know? Yeah. Not to pet ourselves on a backstag. And get that carapactor in here. Like, I'm always doing about his charitable work yesterday. Got all mighty. What a suffoc grandizing old fart he is. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. We're talking about great looking athletes today. Did you know that was going to be the topic? I'd know I did. You did it, I. Now, watch this pool here very carefully. Yeah, I'm 100, 94 votes. If the next president, celestial being how today, who would you be voting for? Bob Graham 58. Just even through a 43. George W. Most 36 up to now 18.5%. Hillary Clinton, 20. Howard Dean 15, John Kerry Nye and Dick Kemphardt 6. Ralph Nader 5, John Edwards 2 and Julie Rubens. Oh, I don't have any. I think we did. Chase the way all the Jews, you know, I talked about the doc. How do you do the thing? That's all right. I think you only Jews we got left is Jeff Cohen, Woody Graber and who else? I think that's it. And Rich Packer. Right. And Fat Rich. That's it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, D, pound, 5, 6, D on the AT&T. Your mom. Now, she ain't listening. She ain't listening to this when you're on. Sorry, bitch, bitch about it. WQAM. QAM. Nobody there. What a shame. Nobody's going to touch Tommy Brady if we took a pool out of the best looking athlete. Plus that would be kind of like a homo, a ride of kind of a pool anyway. We could get that picture from Colorado, ob set too. WQAM. Neil, I have four words for you. You work better alone. No, no, no, no. I got three words for you. You are boring, man. Those are the three words. You are ponderous. Take whichever three you like. Okay. Because they all apply. Boring and ponderous. With nothing to say. WQAM. WQAM. I think we did the three of them. Because they all apply. QAM. Yeah. I got the nail. Speaking. Any other goes? Okay. Mighty gone. No, okay. So your people that worked up into a frenzy probably Miguel is one of the attorneys people on the number. I think that wasn't a go. That was him. Do it a voice. Back at you. Who got on? WQAM. Hello? Yes sir. I'd like to talk about the consequences of grading of Malhauer David and Reverend Jones. Yeah, okay. Great. Reverend Jones again. For there. Okay. So here today. Maybe let's hear a jackpot today. Yeah. It's today for the jackpot. It's okay. Jackpot rhymes with crackpot. Remember that awful show with Jeff Edwards. Jackpot. We're used to where that leather jacket. Also runs with smoke pot. Oh yeah. If you come to Canada. You can smoke pot. Okay. Right there. So that's the point. You want me to come down and bring you some good crap. I mean, you want me to come down. No. Go up and get my stars on. Okay. Okay. Because, even Ellie, if this was discussed in a meeting in a meeting in the radio, I mean, that is a, there's a story. In fact, if Michael Mayo wants to write a story or Tom Jicker or any of these people, Kevin Baxter, when he's not being a sports expert, there is a story. Staff at QAN concerned that Rogers might bring SARS back with him from Toronto. Lots him quarreied. What's the quarantine the queen? Unclean queen. Yeah. Quarantine the unclean queen. Typhoid fairy. Man, that sounds pretty mean. You're a carrier. That's what they made. You're a conditioners. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T. How's the pull coming out? Keep your eye out. Or real closely. 5, Graham 65 were held in a presidential election right now. 217 vote. Graham 65 just even sure 51. George W. or 38 17 and half percent. Hello, Rick 10th on 21. 10th on Howard Dean 16 John Kerry 10 Dickib Hart 6. Ralph Nader 5 John Edward 3 and Julie women's got a pair. Oh, they're kind of eat but he has circumcised. He's not too circumcised. He is he else. He'd be the last one I'd vote for. Even. Yes. Oh, that's right. What? Because I think he'd be worse. Wow. He's more dangerous. What about with 20 about the ultra orthodox Jew? Yes. I was 20 that I'm going to call back again that lady. Good. And like I told you that, hey honey. Castle voice. Okay. Do a good job. When and out clean it out. 10 27 at 560 W. Q. I am speaking of cleaning it out. The Alliance of West Boca, your superstar for the AT&T. Again, I'm speaking of the low carb sugar free diets around. It's introducing some great new stuff. Their new almonds that cakes by control carb are in right now that come in blueberry banana or classic almond. Each serving is only one effective gram of carbs or sample delights new. Chocolate raspberry muffledly 1 gram of carbs. And if you like something that crunch on, then try one of their three new flavors of low carb racketships. So whether it's carbolite ice cream, breads, rolls, cheesecakes, chocolates, pasta and great low carb pasta sauces. Or any of the 600 low carb foods, delights, a waste book is a stir-eyed guarantee. You're going to love if you're a dieter. You can always sample before you buy too. They got a staff that knows atkins and the other diets inside and out through open every day, seven days a week, 10 to 10. And at the lights, they carry the most complete line of atkins, breads, products that are always 25% off all day every day, even on Chavuas. The Atkins diet is rated number one. So head to the number one low carb sugar free stir in the University of Liza West Boca. And you'll find them on the northeast corner of blaze in 441 right next to Boston market. Our column tool free at 1-877 low carb or check them out on the web at low carb.com. Don't forget there's only one Delights West Boca and it is your official Atkins retail center. My life in local, we're sports radio 560s, you and you, AEM. Stop our hot nights. Blonded by the ride. Bamboo's look I do, man, the pigti ball right blinded by the ride. Out of black and gooseback was like you think we were a man. I know you may not understand what I did or who I am. Most of you don't read any books. So let me introduce myself. I want the well-respected, hard-right man and trust it by high-level students. I used to have a powerful Republican position. High upon a moral ground. The Holy Christian's word system that I have has read it to him. With any means that could be found. Cheating ahead of the streets, All the bombs blasted by the ride. Bamboo's look I do, man, the moral pigti ball right blinded by the ride. Out of black and gooseback was like you think we were a man. I had a mission to the targets for my marvelous Christians and fallen there. He can also run. Why did a rich and fun to kiss their adults and raise the stars? Given our balls of toast. My job was to welcome news to the right wing. Born a blue, people might be too sway. And now they're hatred that I spewed about my priorities. And thank your views. Make me one of you two days. I couldn't even tell my face. I was so surrounded by the ride. Bamboo's look I do, man, the face of the world. I was surrounded by the ride. There was an oath that she was naked on a pause with two guys naked. The other train monkey. 32 at 5.60. And if you were to them, you know who we left off what you already do because you're sending this facts. How could we do that? The Reverend, the Raymond Reverend Al Sharpen. Get him on there, Eric. Please. Al Sharpen. He's running. What are you thinking about it? What if he does? Al Sharpen. Get him on there. Somebody you're vote for him. Somebody who doesn't know better. 5.67056. The only 18 in T and Brian's Marleson. Remember before the show you said you were seeing a bunch of pictures people writing an out of control on TV? Right. Puerto Rico. Are you sure was Puerto Rico? Yes. Are you sure? Because they're also writing in Berlin. Uh-oh. People at a Berlin rock concert, fought with police as made a began with violent confrontation. I had a protest marches all across Europe. Hundreds of mass youth smashed Chaplin. Those in overture and cars and they present our bird district to the city overnight into a today. Police said riders through stones and bottles at them. They reported injuries to 29. Officers won seriously in 97 arrest. There was no word on civilian injuries. The concert was part of Mayday celebrations which saw security stepped up. In all the major European capitals is tens of thousands of people. Peace and labor activists prepared to march. Large demonstrations are expected today in Berlin. Paris, Rome, London, Athens and Madrid. With protests against the West Led board in Iraq alongside traditional trade union demands for workers' rights. There you go. They're writing. Are they shouting in Atlanta? I'll go check. 567, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Why do we course or instead of running around, worrying so much about whether I'm going to bring disease back to San Florida? It would seem to me that maybe you and some of your engineering cohorts. Now that we got the only real engineering in the place, hopefully a lot of there would like work online. Five and get our phones back to working the way they should be. And that would be a good priority. Instead of spreading a lot of fear and paranoia around a building, a lot of stupidity which is used specially George. Of course all that is. WDQAM. George. Yes. I want to win on the best looking athlete. Okay go ahead. Hey. I any call the call on course and the mail department I guess Tiger Woods. He gets all the white chicks. That means he's good looking. No no but I mean justifies my mode and for a mail. Good looking mail. Okay thanks. Anacorn, a hordia and Tiger Woods. Oh brother well Anna of course we get to arguments there. No from a lot of the guys that are wishing that she's really what they think. Well they don't care what she is. They just like her a lot. I'm not talking about you. The guy that called before is right. I work better alone. You know this but we already know your feelings on this topic. Okay stop being so defensive every time I mention anacorn a hordia is back to the same thing. One cure works you as maybe she's in the we already know that. Okay don't we stay the obvious right being her boy. Right Tom don't we stay the obvious we know that. That would be like my saying no Tom Brady's really hot. Well everybody knows that he is and plus I think that and he is. You know even even George would have be with that. What? Oh my god everybody I know even I'm much older like mad dog. He's a very handsome young man who can't see that. Right there you go it's simple. It's simple there's nothing complicated about it. When I got to go tell Miguel on you because then he'll get off sitting thinking not as much as he thought you were before. He has a stud. See? See talking about Miguel or Tom Brady. 560505050 how do we get started with good looking athletes? Well I one guy called about Brian Greasy which I think is really outrageous. I mean again we can't all be beautiful. I'm certainly not I'm as grotesque as they come and then you got Mo who thinks see that's the thing it kills me people who are gross and they think they're good looking. That's what kills me you know. Like Mo he's a good example of that. And we have so other people around the building we get his beiner boy who thinks he's a hot number hot to Molly. What do you mean thinks? He said he couldn't get laid with George's penis at the Treasure Island last night. That's what he told me. I said I would want to have gotten laid with George. Oh is that what you said? That's what his wife says all the time too. 56050505050508080 and Verizon Wireless Line. I wonder what Randy was to go there. Oh, oh, oh. Oh, here's that special. Here's our favorite line nine WDQA and hello. Not nobody on her told you. Tell you it was going to be different. Did I? No. Never disappoint on line nine WDQA and hello. Hey good morning. Is this Neil? Yes sir. Hey Neil. Who's the favorite stay up there? You know, it's a year and a half before we take over another four years. So take that you let this liberal. Now, okay, great. There is that's a leftist liberal guy and but at least he had a few more words this time. Very good. Keep working on a pal maybe it'll grow a little bit. I doubt it. He's still working on it. You know, leftist liberal. How's George report you do it on the pull by the way 16.9%. Not exactly overwhelming in this crowd. I'm 254 votes in about the 40 minutes. Pretty heavy duty response here. If the presidential election were being held right now, who would you vote for? Bob Graham 76. Jessie Benchur 55 George W. Bush 43 16.9%. It just changed again. Damn it. Uh, like I said, 16.8%. Hello reclent 31 Howard Dean 20. Jimmy Dean's got a couple. See he's getting more popular now. See he didn't that juphoo. John Kerry 17, Ralph made her seven to Kim art six. Julie women's all the way up to three. John Edwards got three and we just stuck Al Sharpton on there. We just stuck him. You know, that Michael Mayo thing about Mr. Ego. That is so first of all, why would Michael Mayo debate Steve came on anything? Why would he let why would he debase himself to do such a thing? And please don't tell me, oh, while they invited him, all he would have to do is politely decline. Right. Wouldn't that be the sensible thing to do? I only set you the first page. There's a whole other page to that story. Oh no. Yeah. Please tell me no. Sorry. I know you're rather be back on a sports section like Mayo, which you didn't do all that great there, but you sure were a lot less dangerous on a sports pages. But this swirl at you right now, man. It just didn't just ain't you. Just ain't you, Mike. Wasting your time right in about light bulb radio. Jerry Williams died a great broadcaster who used to have, and you know, the interesting part about this, what a great segue Neil. Thank you. You're welcome. Guess who we've placed. Jerry Williams eventually in the afternoon. After he left to go back to Boston in 1981. Which station? WNWS. Say to seven. Three to six. Huh? Sandy Payton. No. Thank you. I give up. Just tell me what your problem is. Mr. Ego. So you see how talented it is. And a great broadcaster like Jerry Williams, who was a talk radio genius in pioneer and really respected by the people in this view. And a gigantic rating is everywhere. He went including in the South Florida market. He gets an obituary that doesn't even recognize by some AP right in the Sun's signal. Mike Mayo doesn't write about that. No. Instead he writes some stupid ass publicity puppies about Mr. Ego. Use the inward at some debate that he shouldn't have been at in the first place. At least Mike Mayo shouldn't. Why do you debase yourself? Mike, what's wrong with him? He's the other Jew that's listed Mike Mayo. Oh, hey. He listens religiously if I can say that. Mike Mayo. And local. This is for 2056. New Year. Freak. What's getting hard doing tonight? And crying minds. What to know? That's why in piring minds read the Miami hero. Is Maurice Farey really having sex with an alien? A no matter space? It's in the house. Is Paul Hawkins the true mother of the elephant man? It's in the house. John Kennedy sleeping with mass hit room. It's in the house. Is Jim Baker about to get birth to Jerry Paul Vell baby? It's in the house. Sex, sex, sex, more hot. Sex, all within the house. Rush Gary Hartamasing Wright died from Florida. A crossword puzzle that has no answer. Our own Pulitzer Prize is just for us. I've come to no matter what. It's a Neil Wagner. And we're so sorry Uncle Albert, but we haven't heard of bloody thing all day. Finally, family rhetoric. And Alan, then ladies, if you are. Oh, my, I mean, Harold. I'm available at supermarket checkout counters everywhere. And we're finally newer is Fred. 1043 at 560 WQOM. Two of the crampious newspapers in the universe to Suncennel and the Harold. And in a perfect place for it, too. Why don't you get a lot of, you know, a lot of fishermen down there. Right? So there's probably a lot of fish to ran. Right? A lot of birds, a lot of bird droppings. Anyway, the big story at WIOD and the nighttime slot. I was going to say Phil. Are you sure? But it wasn't. He had one good hour in there. Kind of like Mo. I don't know if I want to say that. But I just did tonight. Yeah, one good hour in there. And that was his, uh, where is it? His, uh, seven clock hour. First hour, 5.7 sure night in men. But then it goes down to a 3.48 o'clock and a nine o'clock down to a 2.9. Wow. One big hour. I don't understand that, do you? No, I don't. But then, at 10 o'clock, well, what's the guy's name? Good Nick. Norie. George Nudnik. 3 7 at 10. Oh, where is up almost a point from the o'9 o'clock. And then the big hour at night. I went to 7 o'clock at night is 11 o'clock at night. 6.4 sure on IOD and George Nuri. For the arc bell crowd, I'll take a little bit of a boy in there. He listens to it. That'll choice. What do you mean by that? All I get is a M. I don't have a car stereo. Why not? I don't tape deck because I'm poor. George hasn't fixed you up for the great car stereo yet. I don't even have a CN that car. Oh, my god. He hasn't, he's not paying car payments for you for a nice little, uh, what? I can't afford my own. I'm going to make you up. Yeah, I know that. Yeah, of course. I know that. Why do you have to think I stay out of town as much as I can? I know you're address. Every town I'm in town. I'm going to pay everybody else's bills. I'm the grandfather of the universe man. I'm paying a whole world's bills. That's me. That's my, the story of my life. I could have retired 10 years ago. Thanks, friends. But not me. Yeah, I got to pay everybody else's life. And it wouldn't mind so much. It wouldn't have been for a mid-Hersh. Hmm. But anyway. So George Nuri now is, is he just doing the same art belt thing with a, uh, talking to lifeless, uh, absolutely. Primer trash. Yeah. About the, uh, spaceships and that'll be bold. And she got a, uh, a bold and chupacabras. And, oh, did you, I've been to McGillis. I will bet you your life, fun of them. I gallistened to the chupacabra guy. And guess who's going to be sitting next to me on a plane when I come back from Toronto? George Nuri? The chupacabra. I try not once. I'm going to sell the America. I'm going to smuggle them in. How do you like that? Right next to that town. I'm bringing in that brick. Oh, thank you. Finally. Yeah. I'm not bringing you back squad. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon, Marvellous Line. The best looking athletes and sports. I have no idea where this came from. Administration appeals for under God. And the pledge of leads will get to that. Record industry warning to pop up. All you people stealing on music better watch it. Villified weapons inspectors may have gotten right. That's what kind of Lisa's saying. I like that. She says, guess what? What weapons a mass destruction? What are you talking about? Worst tries to weaken tobacco treaty. That's being signed by more than 160 other nations. But the Michigan man suits McDonald's after finding chewing gum in his salad. Ever that song by what was his name he died? Lani Donigan? No. Does your chewing gum lose its flavor? Oh, that's salad overnight. That's who did that? Lani Donigan, he's dead. Does your chewing gum lose its flavor in your salad overnight? Remember then? I thought it was a bad post, but what do I know? I don't know. What? You know what? I'm going to let you two guys do the show. Don't do that. Yeah, I'm just going to let you guys do that. Because you're both so off today. But I think there's a disease in that building is what it is. That's usual. And I care a team again. If I was him, which I wish it was to be honest with you. Yeah, at least from the top of the head down. You know, I prefer to keep my brain. But if I was him, I'd be a lot more concerned about catching something from the corporate disease in that building, which is a filthy mess. There's flees flying around and everyone else. A little peanut boy yesterday had a pickoff. Doesn't the flees from that place. He's got skabies. He's got that big lump out of his neck from muck it back up against the wall of the day. All kind of grotesque corporate diseases going around. There's all kinds of incestuous relationships in that building. And Miguel and Corso and a bunch of unnamed other ones are word. I'm going to bring stars back from Toronto. Oh my god, am I wounded? And you know what, thick skin I got. Takes a hell of a lot to wound my ego. But my god. People having meetings and a building word about should kneel. Be quick. Should we quarantine the queen when he comes back from Toronto? Because they got that disease up there. What a bunch of pussy's man. If you drive by the date Broward line on 441 and hear those meowing sounds. That'll be most of the staff at QAM doing that. Pussyfied crap they do making meowing sounds. And I'll tell you one more thing. If I'm supposed to be so dangerous and unsanitary, there's a certain receptionist who sits out front I don't want to mention freaky carlos with a 75. Body of piercings. I'd be careful what I said. Yeah, careful. With his penis rings and testicle rings and the nipple rings and his spectrum rings. Bells on his fingers and rings. Yeah, bells on his toes and things on his nose. I don't want to say what they are. And this is a guy who goes in the tea room near and pees all over the water. He plays because he's been all these penis. You know what I'm saying is true. Or it leaves a puddle on guarantee. A lake on materials got nothing on the puddle. He leaves on a flow in there. Even Mo when he first came there couldn't believe it. What's on the flow, Mo? Next to your hairpiece. Okay, you imagine if that thing dropped in there after a... Oh, Leo. Oh. After freaky carlos was in there. I think we just swim away. Remember that song? A swim away. I can see it now. There was most hairpiece when they were right down the old people. And then you got fat boy who when he isn't in the hospital getting his body parts replaced. He's busy. Slatting all over the wall. But I don't know when he got a worry about. Right. In fact, there's only one thing I'm going to bring back to that station when I come and go to buy to Walgreens. Right in the corner there. That's that. I'm going to buy a big, giant economy-sized can of list-doreen and put it right on a Hank's countered. They went, I see Hank that next time. So it can scrub the toilette see whether to make sure he doesn't catch no kudis from me. And I avoid like the plague. I really have to go real bad if I take a dump in that place. There because he don't want booty kudis. Ooh man, that is the worst. Especially no one fat boy was once in there. Oh. And then no one that Greg might. That doesn't Greg have his own executive of Worst Room in his office. I'm sure he does. All GMs do. In fact, that was one of my great perks at IOD. Huh? Right? Was every now and then I get to use the executive toilet. Right? Oh, that was really something. And you talked about disease. Can you imagine the stuff that was floating around in that room? That's my opinion. I might Disney. Yeah. You can only begin to imagine. Just the stuff that came out of Steve Nichols knows. Stuff came out of it. Well, what goes in must come out. I see. Or is it the other way around? What goes out? Uh-huh. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, five, six, six, six, six. On the AT&T of Horizon Wireless Line. Hot athletes. That's what we're talking about today. We've vomited this. Okay, the guy at the other. He wanted to do a brand greasy. You wanted to grease them all up with Western oil. And do him influence Henderson side by each. What should probably put most pick on there? Is there a button? If you're bloody magicians are bigger part. Because wasn't he talking one morning, though, about how hot one of the Williams sisters was. Yeah. Yeah, he's obsessed with Serena Williams. Allegedly. Of course, Serena, the Voto Williams sisters in my book look like crap. There, scary. Down, right? Who was I watching this morning that I told you was just unbelievable looking. Most I'm going to, oh, what's an indese point. Yeah, she's hot. I mean, it was a spot. So I don't know what, obviously, they had her all spiffed up. Which was the thruster that 48 hours thing on CBS last night. And of course, we should know that. But we don't because we're stupid. And we want to get sucked in. The fact that people already look as good as they make them appear in the TV. And then the movies and on there, print media because they airbrush and they do this. And they can take some of the evenest grotesque is us and make us look good. Wow. Are you sure about that? No. No, not in your case. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Hey, you see my billboards around town, right? Look, lovely, huh? I don't know. I don't know. The Lila way now. That's right. In fact, I mean, that race tomorrow. I got the mold position. WQAM. Yeah, what's up, Camille? Yes, sir. Speaking. Yes, it is. Oh, yeah. Yeah, I got a Natalie. OK. What about a Brad former? Brad, I got a thing. So we're also about combing back in Toronto. Yeah. There. Because you don't need any saggy failures. OK. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Brad, 10, 10. He's coming. Brad, 10 is a good looking guy. But stay there. Because we don't need any packets. Right. We must put on his territory. Right. That's right. Now I'm not going to take Brad away from you. Brad, full-mer, Brad, forward, Brad, crema, Brad, backward. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, on the 18 and 10. And Verizon Wireless Line. In fact, I think we should do it the other way. Pal, you stay there. Because we got more than enough. We got more than our quota. Fags up here. Believe me. Trust me when I tell you. See on church read Sweetheart. You and Miguel. But you know something wouldn't surprise me if that was Miguel's boyfriend is calling. Try to deflect the suspicion. Fibity QAM. We should run. I'm sorry. Yeah. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, on the 18 and 10. Verizon Wireless Line. See, I should have stuck by my guns this last one. He's never going to be on again. I've said that before and now it's just laziness. If the next presidential election be held today, who would you vote for? Bob Graham 88. Just even to a 64. George W. Bush 56, 17% even. Hillary Clinton 37. John Kerry 28. Howard Dean 26. Dick Abhardt. Eight people in the audience. Like Dick. Ralph Nader 8. John Edward's 5. Al Sharpen 5. And Julie Roman. Second win. Last place. Joe. Joy. Three votes. For Julie Roman out of 328. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18 and 10 Verizon Line. W. You're a little nobody there. Nobody on 7. You feel better about that? Crushed. I don't know. I don't understand how he made it because I think he's been sick like all year. Didn't he have Hodgkin's? Sorry. Very, what's his name? The place on 7th, haven't? Very. I don't know. Watson. Okay. He's pretty good looking guy. Don't watch that show. You never seen 7th, haven't? No. That's right. Well, the father's a minister. So that would probably turn you on. No kidding. Even a lot of people on that show man. I've said I don't watch it. But I have seen it. And there's a lot of hot every variety. Whatever you like. Just a cabille. Just a good tandy. She's driving it. WDQAM? Yes. The Niel show? Yes it is. I'd like to request for Neil to bring him to play the crank calls during the Mojawa Day with Joe. The funny. That'd be possible. Does he run shows like that? No. No. Okay. Thanks. You're by. 56056. 56056. See, now obviously that's a guy to make a crank calls to the Mojawa Day with Joe, right? That'd be funny. That's what he does. Don't be cranking on our good, close personal buddy Mojawa Day. But it's okay. What's wrong with you man? Any guy that's that old and has a franchise. Eagle like him. Any call might just put him over to you. So like I said, six a.m. tomorrow would be good. Why'd said, peace just flop around like a squirrel and heap? It's a big deal. Oh no. Beena Boyd this morning asked me. Asked me what a black squirrel was. He said are there really such things as a black squirrel? The weather of black Russians. Maybe they should have said you to debate Steve King, you know what? Well, seriously there. Now what is this from our number one fan in Cleveland? A Northfield fans case. Oh, I love it. I'm so happy. I hope my friends Dick and Steve are listening in Pompano Park. Don't ever let water case come to Pompano Park. I can't stand him. Water case junior is four year run in Northfield Park. Lover with hundreds of victories and dozens of suspensions is over. It ended with two denied races after case. The winning as driver in North America last two years picked up yet another lengthy suspension done under track policy calls for a immediate expulsion. Case was unavailable for combat left or field on a high note. He drove in 13 to last 14 races winning eight of them, including the last five races on the card. His latest suspensions for 35 days. He's out. Now this wasn't for like race fixing anything my father was for a kicking. A kicking violation. And I'm sure it was a horse or maybe this one of the judges. Anyway, water case is out. Oh, it's good news to me. I don't like water case and like his whole thing. He went over a billion. Bye-bye boys. We'll see you in jail block number two. Here's one that says how about Timus Alain? Now there's a guy with good taste. How about those ducks by the way? Oh, how about those mighty ducks? Three one lead on the boring obnoxious Dallas stars. They win one nothing last night. I love it. Tampa Bay, you're on a verge of extinction, baby, but nice job. Tampa had a good season. Since I grew up in South Florida now live in Dallas. I'm not a fan of the stars, but I do watch the games because I like the way they play. But not in the series. In other words, he likes boring hockey. That goalie for the ducks is unbelievable. G. G. G. G. He's see told the stars before the series start. Did you? G. G. G. G. He's a good guy. And he's got all kind of look at his Marlon Brando lines. He's got Tom Rumsfeld line. He's got Joseph Gackie line on it. This guy's doing more lines than Steve Nickel. But anyway, Timus Alain, there's a great looking guy. A lot of good looking hockey players by the way. Like Marty Hamlet. Oh, that's not, you know, let's talk about the good looking women. Because we get real nervous when you do that. When you start with a gay band. Oh, we get, oh. Yeah. We can't handle it. It makes us feel like so unpleen. My life and love all this is for real by city. Way to way, yeah. What's next, Dead Baby? Yeah. I was standing there one day. Not thinking I would die. From being able to make do the do the do the do the do. I should never be very happy. I'll take that close to the track. Here's my bowels. I'll give you time from the fact that thoughts. And at these good doctors in, now my heart stops. You should work since I'm nine. Or my interest is down. I feel if I should have known what to expect living in my amy. With the kind of service you've get in this town. I would act to leave too far. You're fighting in the deep back ground. I swallow. Why can't you let me so too close? Why can't you lose us get in bright? My power will be blocked inside my hiding. Can't make my church go. Woo! If the touch is the time. If the touch is the time. Level to one at five, 60, WCM happy Thursday too. It's a great day for a duck's, I guess. Mighty ducks, what I just get you talking about. One of them over Dallas. Oh, lead the series three games to one stars around. They're out. So the ducks have played, let's see, this year they have played. What? Eight playoff games, they won seven of them. Aren't you impressed? Oh, blown away. And you know who that is? That's our good friend Brian Murray. The spokesman. Robbie need to hire all those rejects. Don't ask me how they're doing it. 251 votes on the pool. President's election right now. Julie Roman IV. John Edwards 5. Although he said he started his Democrat buddy my crossover. Can I ask you one thing, seriously? How can that show be on here? I give up. I mean, I realize that television is mostly about fake re and Chicanery and rip offs and crackery, but how can Jonathan Edwards be on a show? And how can those people be undertaken at seriously? Emotional cripples who can't accept reality in the passing of the Lutton. You mean like the guy in a barber shop I was talking about yesterday? He was talking about them when you go over to the other side. Your relatives are all they're waiting for you? That's the, yeah, them. Oh, John Edwards 5. Al Sharpton 8. Ralph Nader 9. Digged Gibbard 10. Howard Dean 26. John Kerry 31. Hillary Clinton 40. 11.2% the pool and MSNBC last night said Hillary's lead in the near survey. By a wide margin among Democrats that would give a present to you run for the money right now even she ain't even a candidate. George W. Bush 62 votes. 14.4% Montformer years of fashion of this. Jesse went to a 69. What a great number for Jesse. How does the perfect number? And Bob Graham 92. Oh, to match his aid to match the median agent thought I voted for Bobby Graham and I do it again. I voted for Jesse. Well, there you go. We're one and two. What a ticket that would be by the way. That would be good. Bob Graham for present. Jesse for VP. Right. Now advanced one. At least we have a vice president who we were pretty sure was still alive. Same haircut. 5.670560 pound five 60 on the AT and T. Rise of Marles lie. Is there something going on with line? No, I just wish lying to the funny. Yeah, there's something the sun is wrong. We did. It's kind of buzz. That's a nice clean doubt. Oh, don't forget 11 o'clock in our morning. Dave Johnson's going to call in. So now I'm going to have to like do my homework about the Kentucky Derby and they've know as I just I don't care about third bread racing anymore. It's just boring to me. I mean, the Derby you get to the triple crown. It's big and breeders cup day and all that. But I just really don't care about it. It's so boring. I'm racing channel when you watch the horses go to the gate and they take. They're so slow going to the gate. 17 now one for two this year as a four year old. Clear to the lead at this point. Putting away a lower. More and then holding off the more. More, more, whatever. And then they run. Here's a race of a minute 13.66 seconds. So was I like six for long as I guess, which is three quarters of a mile. And then you wait another 25 or 30 minutes and you sit there and there's nothing going on. Do you know what I mean? No, what do you mean? What do you never been to the race track? Of course I have one one time each. You were to pop it out to the harness racing right? Join you for dinner. Thank you very much. What now was that? I don't remember that. About 30 years ago. Come on. You were a pop at a park. You and fat rich. I walked out with three bucks up. Or out of here. Well, see that's fun. Harness racing's fun. It's fun. Although water case you and your makes me sick to my stomach. Glantic kicked them is as I sound. Go let him count a pop at a park. Dick, please. I beg you. Okay. Go do it and they'll do it. You know, they just got a while since they're here. They'll do it. They'll invite him. But the thoroughbreds. Oh my God. It's just so slow. But we'll do it because it's the Kentucky Derby. Maybe. And maybe it's the people of a watching and plunge in their guts out. Which you can start punching a Maraud Pompino. Wanna clock. You can pre-bent on a Derby. Are you going to be over there? Oh yeah. Do you know who turns out to be a big plunger? Which you never would have respected it? Oh, but I guess it rubbed off from working a QM so long as guilty. No, I never would have. If you pay attention, and half of the time he talks about being out to track and he I've been a Gulf Stream. What is that all about? I don't know. Maybe he rubbed off from D.F. That could be it. Maybe he rubbed it from this face. Oh, seriously. You, I mean, the guy's got a beautiful, young wife. I've never seen her, but I hear she's really a beautiful lady. He's got a little kid. When you think when you have to get up early in the morning and you go to work and you're done at nine, when you think there would be a perfect opportunity to go home and spend as much time as possible with your family. Day the debt or sleep. Or go home and get a nice nap and then spend some of quality time screaming at your family. But no, he's out there plunging his guts out. There's a gambling disease at QM. It's a very bad thing. Oh, very bad thing. In fact, you know who we had a bad dose of it was the weiner guy that you were talking about yesterday. John weiner. What do you mean had? You want to hear what his numbers are? What is he on 69? I don't know. Morning. I know that. He's not mornings. I believe it's 69 on Fox. WRFX, which is supposed to be our stiff competition. Let me tell you the great numbers. He's got even with the help of clearance. Six o'clock. He's got a 0.1. He's got average quarter hours in men of 200 people. Do you realize that you can put 200 people in my apartment here and ever left over? That's tragic. Point one. Then a point nine and a point eight. He can't crack a one share. Fifty thousand watts. Mineral of the dial. Can't crack a one share. And he's on the air. Sad. Very sad. But he had a bad gambler thing. And then of course Jason. Remember Jason with the G.J. shape. Third. Right. All of it. I think it's a criteria before they hired you. They just, you know, how's some radio stations hire people out there? I think he hired the deal. And that Hank was trying to make all these kids into like little clones of himself. He gave them the numbers of the book. He, they were carrying their cell phones. Getting calls from their book in the middle of shows. And both of them. And they, they got here that way. What do you mean by that? They, they had it long before they came to work here. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty. Pond, five, sixty on a AT&T Verizon Wireless line. Don't have a lady on the phone yet today. Here it is after 11 o'clock in the morning. We're past a halfway market to show. Do we have a lady yet? No. No. Hey, dog at one. Hank is in Louisville for the Derby. I forgot to mention Dave Johnson. Be sure and say hi to the Humper. Give him some list of Reen. Three o'clock, Hank and Louisville. Seven o'clock, it's the big. Oh, sure. I mentioned my name to the big go. Because I'm just in a get's real nervous when you talk about me. And in an on a clock we got Marlon Sond, Drinking in. His to Marlon's another one and there was owner. Did they win or lose last night to Marlon's? Lost. Did they really? Oh, no. And there they go. There often pacing along the inside of what are you laughing about? It's our good friend Marty Amber. When's your raceway? Don't you remember the name Marty Adler called in? No. Yes you do. This is the thing over for it. The Lonnie inside Dr. Diefib. That electric miles up on the upper. Aren't we racing from Windsor Raceway? Ever been there? I have no. I just had race horses at Windsor Raceway. How do you like that? I owned a horses at Windsor. How'd you do with that? You're how many years ago? About 30 minutes. That is correct. Lost my ass. He had good time. Those are those for the great days. Those were the Halcyon days. Where Joe Bowen said last night on Leafs TV. The Halicon days. Come on, Joe. Put up a little bit. The Halicon. He did. He said Halicon. My good post friend Joe Bowen. Wait till I collect to a parromanook. 560-50560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Not too much action on the phone there today. I don't understand what that's all about. We're not building a pole. Not a good. WCWA. WCWA. Hello, the fly. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. OK. Matt is tired. The phone is ringing for a long time. Hey, hey, I was real quick. I'm going to tell you what John Bobby says it. How can I say? I don't know what it is. The child on the phone sounds like crap. It's not my phone. It sounds like he sounds like you're really far away. Yeah, we are. But, uh, they're seeing a small little two thing. Yes I did. Oh, you did. Good show. But it was much to do about nothing. OK. It was not impressed by Tom Olingsan. Oh, no? Were you impressed? I don't know that way, man. Yeah. Well, then why would you have watched it? Why would you be watching Tom Olingsan run around naked with this flaming ass? I'm for a week in a straight. Oh, I'll port a week in a second. I'm just going to have a phone. I'm feeling the half-top phone on my head. I'm just going to have a phone on my head. I'm just going to have a phone on my head. I'm just going to have a phone on my head. I'm trying to make believe gardens. Not too happy with that. I'm called or playoff game 1961. The Red Wingsan and the Maple Leafs. Yes sir. With the late great bill, he would. Five, six, seven. See, I can put on all kinds of stuff here. I don't even need to take. I could, in fact, I should start taping that wheel kids, uh, uh, cereals in a de-clock every morning. Just taped the value from that. Oh, that stuff is great. If you had any idea how much I love that. See, there's something that you could bring down since you won't bring that brick. What's that? A tape of those things. Those singers? What's new pussycat? I can't let you make love to me with a person and the class. I'm a little bit more. Well, that's your one. I guess wasn't. Excellent. But that's where Kathy got the idea. Oh, there's the, uh, the great spaghetti dipper, uh, pot, the pasta pot. You got the complete 60's grown as pot. Have you ever seen this in for Marshall? No. I bet you've been abroad, Hans. Is that the one with the pot with the holes in the lid? Right. Oh, yeah. One that, that locks her and they start out and they show this for a bit. She's cooked his big pot of pasta and she's got her co-linder there in the, Yeah. And she, she just can't aim at straight, you know, how did we cook pasta? And she's spilling pasta all over into the sink and making him, how do we ever do it before we got the pasta pot? Can't like you get it all. You eat pork better pasta pot with a quick lock handle and the entire bonus pasta pot. It's cool. Totally a lot of popcorn around a candle these days. I told you that tonight. Hmm, 560, 560, pound 560 on a AT&T, Verizon Wireless Line. How about your QA and hello? Hi, is it me? Yes, man. Hi, me, how this is Nicole and Ted. It's who? Nicole and Ted. We can finish telling you we're moving at a sub-border. Where you going, Nicole and Ted? Can you explain that to me? No, I, I'm misted. I should, where you going to, Nicole and Ted and the click? That will maybe be the end of that. Maybe the car was leaving. 560, 560, pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon. They just called, let's you folks know they're moving out of South Florida. Alright. Three strange, Nicole and Ted will have a great life wherever you're going. Okay, just don't come up here. Don't come up here, whatever you do because everybody else is coming out. They're back to where I was safe. Everything is great. They're buying up tickets for all the shows, all the sporting events. Like crazy. So I guarantee you, Miguel won't be coming up here anytime soon. And certainly George Corsa won't be here, will he? Correct, not. And that's a damn good thing. I got a spirit pillow for Miguel if he wants to make a little trip. I don't understand what you're laughing about again. That wasn't said in Jess. That was a very serious gesture of friendship. Since he's so close to, obviously other than being born in Chicago, he's another one that probably has never been hardly anywhere in his life. Do you think he's ever been to Vegas? I don't know. Let's go over here. Think he's been in Boston? No, wouldn't know. Don't know where he's been. Been in Toronto? Absolutely not. Do you think he's ever been in Cuba? And now you also know there's another great thing since he's such a professional little Cuban that would be great for Miguel. He could come up here and fly direct from Toronto to have Anna. Right, bring back some cigars. Bring back a whole bunch of great cigars. You don't even have to do that if you come up here and buy him. SARS and SARS. Let me ask you something. When you bring those back, I guess you have to declare him at customs. You're not allowed to bring them into the United States from anywhere. Really? Really? Legally. Are you sure? Yes. What people do then is they take the bands off of them. And then just say they're their genera cons. I bought them off the street in Canada. I want to tell you something. Cuban cigars. Good ones. Are so commonplace. You can buy them in convenience stores here. Right. I mean, they do have some fine tobacco shops. Or even buy them. But even buy them in convenience stores. The good news is they ain't what they used to be. Oh. Ever since they started from like extra in them. Yeah. 1114 and 560, probably get them from Gitmo. Probably a lot of that is like floating upstream. If you've been thinking about buying a new barbecue or any barbecue or any barbecue accessories, what are great plays we want to send you to, called BBQ's Glor. It's a self-heds start on the BBQing season with a perfect grill accessories. All of the guaranteed lowest prices anywhere is BBQ's Glor carries BBQ's in every price range from the top of the line commercial grade stainless steel grill to the more portable Weber charcoal grill. Their popular three burner cook on is got a generous 625 square inch cooking area. And 42,000 B.T. use all for one great low price. Get it on a hardwood a seal or enclosed grill cart for just 399 bucks or upgrade to these sleek black pedestal base for just 349. For all your barbecue needs at the guaranteed lowest prices on the, play a face to the Applanet on a place of your face. Don't forget shop BBQ's Glor in Plantation on University Dravitt of Fountain Shopping Center, called 9504-423400. And a cross-praying 7485 West Sample Road at the corner sample in Rock Island, called 950-47576668. Put a biggest and the best slice of BBQ's in the country at unbeatable prices. This is the place. BBQ's Glor. 560-566. The radio's on your... Oh, a cute... Holy Macadadad! This is Joe Bowen, the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs, and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God. Oh, a nice... Oh, a nice... Hey, where's the gym? Oh, yeah, where's the gym? Oh, look for the weapons of this Russian everyday. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. We gonna get the gym. We know the kitchen, and the person, said that the food's a new thing in the way. But I don't think we'll never find it. They were in there in the perfect. Oh, now... Oh, the fire... Yeah, hey, hello from house to house and on the river. To validate the spend of all those white house buds. If you still need convincing to me, my cosy and head. Oh, now that no one's alive from... Oh, man, come here. But he's fine, judging. You know, judging. He could give up, but you could all the new to you. Hey, hey, hey. But you know, they hate gonna find it. Oh, hey, hey, hey, hey. 19 past 11 at 5.60WC, you can't speak in a weapons if they can't find present empurchase national security adviser, Condolese, or Rice, is now acknowledging that Iraq's weapons and mass destruction program is less clear cut. And probably more difficult to establish than the White House portrayed before the war. She has no doubt that the US coalition assisted by experts from Britain and Australia will find WMD programs from Iraq, but for the first time, Dr. Rice, I love when they call her Dr. Rice, hello, Dr. Is saying publicly that it's less likely many actual weapons will be found rather she described the programs as being hidden in so-called dual use infrastructure, you know, like in cans of the ET, right? Pesticide. In other words, chemicals and biological agents could be found in plants like chlorox, like you said this morning, factories and laboratories capable of being used for legal and prohibited purposes. So chlorox could be a weapon and mass destruction if he put in everybody's punch. Right, or you squirt somebody in the face with it. Rall. Almost three weeks since the fall of Baghdad would senior Iraqi scientists and officials in the US custody, no chemical or biological weapon stockpiles have been found. Need to present evidence been uncovered that Iraq had restarted a nuclear program. I'd be like, there's still looking, no. They'll let us know what they find what they're looking for when they plan it, when they find it. Right? Yeah, sure. FNA man. Here's some more facts his Anthony says. Long time listener, do you show him enjoyed it tremendously? Nice going Anthony. I'm a doctorate, a huge county hospital I talk with a lot of people every day. I've yet to find people who support this war. I do understand that this is by no means scientific pull, but I find it very difficult to believe all these national polls with more than 70% of the people supporting the war and the president. You think the question is being asked or skewed a certain way? That's why you put the question mark Anthony because yes. Because they're asked at a way so that if you're not supporting the war, then you're not supporting the troops. You don't support the country, you're unpaid, you're out of it. And they've intimidated most people, they've boxed them into a corner. I was telling George before the show today up until this war. And being here, being lucky enough to be here with my digital cable and CBC and the BBC, up until now as much as I knew the media distorted was full of crap. I never realized the extent to which the American media are just a bunch of propaganda just when they feel like it. Of course when bubble was having a penis cake going on, then they were a bunch of more or less than pointing the finger in. Once misguides your whip out of her blue dress. The other facts you sent me is the page from the program in Mohawk Raceway here in Toronto. Somebody facts it out of the way. Probably my friend Ian Framowitz, who owns race horses old, much of him. And he's got a horse circle here, but I'm not going to say that any of the horse or what race is in. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I don't want to put it on the air. I don't want to knock his price down to one to five. 560, pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. We're doing some horse racing stuff here. And line Camelina, Dan Chats. See there he goes. There's the field for the 10th race at Windsor Raceway with the Great Marty Adler. 560, this is my last punch on the phones here because there's not much going out. We have a lady. We had that one woman with her head and what was your name? That's you. Whatever. Leave him town. Con, the teddy would leave him town. Click. Okay. See you. WCWM. Hello. Yes sir. Alright. Okay. Yes, I am. Alright. Let me say it again. Okay. Right. We're here the results of your pull yesterday. Where did Joe's end up? Where did who was the end up? Joe's. Let me see if I saved that or not. Did we save that, George? I thought they were down there. They were like fourth. I think they were number four. They should have number one. I got a story about Joe's if you got a second. Go ahead. I came from Atlanta. Alright. Wait a minute. Here it is. Little of Atlanta 332. Dave County 179. So, Rasmal's mall 137. Swach shop on O6 and Joe's was fifth with 97. We 97. Go ahead. About, I don't know, 58 years ago. I was assigned to take a client, take him up at the airport and take him to Joe's. That's where he wanted to go. And so we went over there. And as you know, time I've ever been to the place. And they told us to be now and half weight minimum. So we sat there for about 20 minutes. And I finally asked the guy that, look man, I said, You really obsessed about this place. You really want to just wait and out and have. For dinner, you want the best hamburger in the world. And he was like, well, okay. And the guy was really reluctant. So I drove over to, uh, Oh, correct. The bar with the number one lightless in Florida. The bar with the number one lightless in Florida. Yeah. Um, not crime. I can't think of the name of it. Yeah. Anyway. Um, So the moment we're there, had hamburger to beer. And the guy was so happy. Couldn't believe it. And we got away for 20 bucks instead of 200. There you go. Nice going. Good choice. All right, man. Thanks. You know the bar he's talking about. Don't you would have best, uh, yeah. No, you're one lightless. I know I know some bars with the number two lightless. 560, 560, pound 560. I think they're a little off their feed and software. And that's okay. We're going to make up for it. Got a lot of great races here from Windsor Raceway. Got a tip on race at Moal Hawk tonight. But more can you one, huh? Life is sweet. Gonna hit for that deli that I was taken to on Saturday. And see if it's really as bad as I thought it was. See if the table was really that small. See if the ambiance was really that bad. And see if they really do have any teeth floating in those little, uh, plastic cups. WC, who I am? Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, how are you doing? Great. How you doing? Good. The guy was talking about tobacco roads. Oh. Yeah. They have free kids who they're cheap and, uh, good army us. And a lot of the lot cheaper than Joe's man. Absolutely. You won't get crabby at the tobacco road. And, and, and, yes, and that too. Okay. Thanks. All right. Thank you. It's bigger than crabs. I don't have told this many many times. I don't think they're probably. They're anymore by IOD on the causeway. Grab house. Captain crabs, crab house. I think they got a lot of crabby places around there. Oh. Now, maybe it's just me. Okay. Cause I can't take butter. I mean, I like butter. But like I used to tell you about fudruckers, right? Where they would butter the bun. I love fudruckers because they got that nifty of melted cheese. Not heavy because of the, but every time I would eat it, fudruckers. Oh, god. I haven't eaten here in years. Cause I just can't take butter. You know? Uh, and like it's rich. And they would roll it in butter. I can't take too much butter. No. It shoots right out my ass. Okay. That's enough. See what I'm saying? Yeah. Now, what was I talking about before I said fudruckers? Oh, the orcran plays. Yeah. Oh. I would get such a sick headache when I would go in there. In addition to what you've got to go through, they give it a little mallet, you know? Oh yeah. Even on guiding lightly, they never saw mallet like that. Speaking of guiding light, man, is that show getting good or what? Wow. Luckily, I get to see the three o'clock here. And I'm seeing the one for the next day, just like I see passions in the day ahead. On a buffalo, a CBS affiliate, they have the next days from what you see in south Florida 10 and a morning or my number of times. How about that new strain, by the way. Back to him. All you ladies out there and others. Some people just were talking about great looking. Oh, and guess who else is back on another soap opera. See one thing about soap opera actors and actresses, they move around from one to another. Right. And Billy, the one he used to play Billy on guiding light, the kind of the swissie looking one. He's on some other show now. And the kid that used to play Zack. Not big fat Zack that you're thinking of. But the angel on guiding light years ago, back when he had the Jay and Zack, back when I show was like enough to get some of us right up close to the screen. He's back on the young and a horny. In fact, I think he's going to do it with the what's his name that the answer was all excited about. Oh, we're fine. Josh. He was just. Josh and I guess Josh Morrell. No. Right after that, Josh got married and he had a kid and all the other. I think he did that just to protest when the answer was trying to say those things. Remember that? I thought he was talking about somebody else. Josh Morrell, who plays Nick. No, I understand that that's who you were. I mean, but that's not Dan was telling stories about Jack Wagner. What are those all he was? That was another thing. So why did you have to bring that up again? Oh, I'm sorry. 27 passed 11 at 560 WQA. If you guys out there have a big glaring ugly one. Balled spot. We're talking about a big shiny oozing mirror on the top of your head. Here's the answer. Get some real hair. Now some guys want to peddle you some of the silliest looking crap. Very expensive stuff too. I should point out. People just lie at that. Why would you want to waste the money? Some guys want to have you drill holes in the head. So every time your blood pressure goes up a little. You can have like a half a gallon. Dripping down your forehead. In fact, when you get those holes in the head, you have to have like a ditch stick at all time to make sure if you're down a court or a pint. Get yourself some great looking hair. The natural hairline system from our close personal buddy Charles Alpheary. For over 25 years now has been helping the famous and the infamous. And everybody in between looked there best because the natural hairline system is as good as it gets. It looks like real hair grown out of your scalp as opposed to some gross test barnyard animal. Hopped up off a tree and discill on your head. You know what I mean, Mo? So get yourself some real hair back. You got nothing loose but the bald spot because everybody gets Charlie's 30 day guarantee. If after a month, you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells. You're not getting laid at least 15, 20, 30 times a day. Charlie, give you a full refund. Be sure to mention you when you call because he'll give an extra $200 disc out of the regular already low price. The Charles Alpheary natural hairline is the best in the world called toll free. 1-800-321-2413 and check it out. 1-800-321-2413, a log onto their website at CharlesAlpheary.com. Here's the fourth video, five six four. You a-am. For a fair bit. If Mo is Dave, a mother calls me out of home. She says my days coming up and I can't promise they will. And then she says, I need something much more than a card card. Listen up because the same very hard life. Call my restaurant and put a sign of love for us. It's my mistake and I don't fall to cut down. My mother told me, you better take me out. If she said it's not a joke, no I ain't be your father. Take me to a place that goes back to money. If you don't come so much, it's no love. I'm gonna move back if you love. My mother told me, you better take me out. You better take me out. You better take me out for a second. I'm gonna rest today. I told George, don't send me any more classes from Eddie and Pembroke Pines. You just send me your facts from Eddie and Pembroke Pines. I did. I did. On the inside with the lead. Up on the outside is Camelina. They hit the half and 58 seconds fly up. Anyway, here's a facts from Dick who's becoming chronic. Which I'm not gonna waste a camel most of us. But it does point out that today's New York Post says, Ashley Bansfield will not have her contract renewed by MSNBC. On the heels of telling too much of the truth. About the way the American public didn't have a chance because there was no journalism. They got nothing but all this crap wrapped in the American flag and propaganda. And sugar coated and real antiseptic war, which is more really happened. There is, there you go. That's what you get in America. For speaking the truth, she will not have her contract renewed. What a surprise. And you know what I'm thinking? I'm starting to think that this thing with Miguel may be a little political, you know what? He knows I don't have SARS or scars or Mars bars or Jack Pars and it can picture. He knows I don't have those things, right? Mason jars. Mason jars. Mason atoms. But he, I think it's a political thing, yeah. Trying to intimidate me because of the fact that I won't come back and suck his right wing. Here's a fact this is my nominees for hottest athletes from a wannabe queen here in my nominees. What does that mean? A wannabe queen? I don't know. All time best. Tommy Brady it says not even close. I would disagree with not even close. I think Finzvera Gomber used to be the quarterback on a Rams briefly. I think he may have even did better looking than Tom Brady. How do you like to? I know that's probably sacralidges to say that. But I think Finzvera Gomber may have been. But nevertheless, who's the quarterback for the, the Rams? Not the Rams? Is it the Rams? Order? Not that the Kervorno, the other one. When Warner was injured. Frank Green. He's not Tommy Brady, but he's right on his behind me, right? You know, he could shower right next to Mavet. Runners up, pro football, David Carr and Houston. Well, in the Houston Texans, he's got a funny nose. He's got like a little bent wrinkle to one. And as those are strange too. College football at high. I don't know these people. Cody Picking University Washington. Justin's wick. Oh, how's that? I don't know. Baseball now. This is good. This is an excellent list. You don't have to be a wannabe. Fag. I think you already qualified. Baseball. JT. Snow with a Giants will be a P.P. Park next week. He still looks good. And Mad Dog's favorite Drew Hansen, Yankee Minor League, and former Me. She can quarterback. I don't know what he looks like. Basketball. None. Yeah. Oh, no. Wayne Wade Redden of the Ottawa Senators. Oh, I guess these people haven't seen Aaron Gaby lately. And Taylor Piotn of the Sabers. Now you talk a little bit better. Autor racing Joe Costello not. It says, And Kenny Raken in Formula One. He's finished. So, there we go. There's some choices by some wannabe fag. Got some good names on the list. Taylor Piotn. This must be like even a real hockey fan. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Live. WDQAM Hello. Oh, no. They're dealing with it. They're filled with it. Maybe they're on the way out of town too. What do you think? WQAM Hello. Yeah, got a picture of me. Speaking. No, I don't. I work for one of the famous municipalities here in the area. Yes, sir. I work for one. Yeah. And I just want to form you. I read the new times. And I really just need to read it quite often. It's pretty funny how this month, this week. I've got two stories in there about good old boys from Ilya. And I had to go right out into my name Springs to find a copy. It's really mysterious. Every single copy. We need a new time to stand here. Now 49 street down in the other street. Oh, this is a pin. I'm weird. It's really funny, huh? Must be just a coincidence, huh? Yeah. I, I really, I'm not talking to you. Okay, thanks. What do you say? Need to set all the people on high, I'll let this appear. Clearly, this appeared from the NAPC said, and man, we're going to have a guy named Party all the way up here. We're going to celebrate. Here's the middle land. I want to invite. He's done Reggie. Kicks out the pods on the outside of flying the pressure. I like that he pulled off the plugs. He's talking about mole. Raccoom from the bag, I guess. Watch out, Geldy. Pulled a plug out. He must be having an oil change. WQAM. Yes, sir. What does that mean? Yeah, you could offer you listeners. Yeah, I like you. I caught off anybody who ain't kind of going to say that's it. I said, okay, including you, which you had nothing to say. We have an entertainment show here. We don't have freedom of speech. This isn't the United States Congress. This isn't standing out on the street corner. This is a radio show with entertainment. Okay, schmuck. Get lost. 560, pon 560 on the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. Let's call and make some little cheap shot at the host. Let's clear, column and name. Let's call a day, cut off on a column. It's like a bunch of little overgrown children, man. I sent a people there a QM inside of building. Oh, we got a quarantine in the Queen when it comes back from Toronto because you've got to bring back the Z. Yeah, right. And wrap his head in this Queen. Yeah. Not this Queen. WQAM. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. Question four. I don't expect you to have the answer, but maybe I'll only know. I want to go out on Sunday and support the Dixie chicks. Yeah. Not that I'm a big fan or anything like that. But just because it's just a pickup from a little bit. Well, what I'll do, we expect. I mean, you do whatever you want, but I don't think they need your support. And spite of all the crap that's going on and all the rallies, the anti-dixie chicken nonsense. They're getting so much publicity now. They're going to make more money than God's little re-enakers. Yeah, you think I think there's a lot of empty seats. A lot of these red and extra would have otherwise gone. You know, they'll both for fit their money. And they just won't show up to be a lot of empty seats. I'm just making maybe go. Get the day already. Got their money. That's true. They got their money. That is true. But if anybody out there knows if there's an opening act or not, because I'm going to, I'd like to go on my wife on the plunk of money down, but I can only be there late. So if anybody knows just a few times. I'm going out for your pal. Okay. Thanks. Okay. How do my George? What are we doing on that next break? I don't know. What are we going to be doing on that next break? I don't know. What are we going to be doing on that next break? You remember, Muff was going to come back and be very helpful and do this. You do that. Did you have anything? He's giving me some stuff to plug in. I'm afraid. He gave you some crap. Yes. Oh, and what is this that you're fact political strikes? What is this? It's from a website. Let me talk radio on the internet. Listen to liberal talk radio host over your computer. And I'm on here. Look at that. The only problem is they're listening me six to ten A and W Q A M. What kind of a moron put this thing together? Huh? Oh, well, maybe this is a West Coast thing. So that would be like, I don't know. Like I said, somebody really intelligent put this together. We appreciate it. So in the other time doing the morning show on a West Coast. Excellent. Right? Right. Great. Ta-da. Farrow is on KGO KG overnight. And six to ten A M on a West Coast, meaning nine to one in the East Coast, the Neo Rogers W Q M, six to ten. Excellent. And that's it. What it must be more to this, right? Oh, here's some more. Thank you. Goodness. Pete Warby. Who? Pete Warby. Laura Flannis. Mike Maloy. Randy Rhodes is listed on here. David J. N. O. The goddess. Ms. Terry whoever she is. Peter Warby. Jay Love. Mike Maloy. And Bernie Ward. I didn't like that. Oh, look at this. Here's a great facts. Since Ms. Drog was so concerned with Clinton's personal life, why can't we look into hers? Right. Excellent. What's under that hat? Huh? Uh-huh. One thing is certain. I know she had a pay for it because nobody would do her for free. I love Lynn Samuels. But please disassociate yourself from that self-hating trash. I'm with you. That's what I keep trying to tell her. I can't tell her who to associate with. I can't imagine how anybody who's a liberal even a moderate reasonable person could associate with a self-hating fruit fly like Ms. Grudge. But to reach its own. Okay? Some people are in denial. I just just can't buy that. And all the harm in the abuse and the lies in the bullcraft. See what he has become. He picked out for it. David Brock left off. I guess maybe it was after he sent him the roses or the pansies or whatever. When David Brock finally saw the light of day. And realized how he was being used and manipulated, making up all those stories and lies about the Clintons and all this bullcraft. And he finally got away from that crap and wrote that book. Now Ms. Grudge moves in there wanting to be waterwinsual and low-wella persons. I think more like low-wella. And maybe a little less smith. It said during the Clinton impeachment all right, when there's like Ms. Grudge, we're saying it's not the sex. It's that he lied. Didn't bush lie about weapon-demonstration. Oh, about so many things. Why have you wasted your time with it? Consider the source. And I think we had the idea about Richard Melon's scape. Aha, that was beautiful. I'm saving that one. We're on to you, Ms. Grudge. You'll pay you're not full of anybody. You might be full in our mutual girlfriend there in New York, but you're not full in this kid. Okay? He's Alice Rand Tell. And who's that other one? Andrew Sullivan. And Roy Cohen. And Jake Gayed, Edgar Hoover, and Joe McCarthy. All wrapped into one. Oh! That's Ms. Grudge. Oh, but you've got 50 billion hits on his website. Have you ever really looked at his website? Yeah, what? You know what? 90% of it is 95% of it. Cutting. Cutting. Lengths. Lengths. I'll guarantee you right now. And of course, Ron, you know, one little market here. We're doing a quarter of a million hits a day. If we run in not 50 states like he is if we run in 10 states in major markets, we'd have over a million hits every day too. We'd have like five million. But what is so what is that proof? Our website on our worst day, which we don't have any bad days being a being a boy. But our worst day is 50,000 times more interesting entertaining and informative than that piece of crap because there's like maybe a half of it doesn't headlines from stories. And then there's like links. And I noticed since he's such good buddies with our mutual friend Lynn, I don't see her website no link to there. Even though she's got one to him and we've got one to him. I don't see us get mentioned on there. How do you like that? I just mentioned that in passing. Links. Anybody can make a website and put 50,000 links on there is that what does that mean, you know? Everybody has here. What he's like, he's like their rascal house and let it go stone crabs of the internet. No seriously, it's a state of mind. It's a state of mind. Lot of hype. Lot of right wing hype. But you keep going, Lewella. You go girl. 1143 at 560 WCM, you know, moms always been for us. So this mother's day, she deserves the softest gift for the hardest job. This year, Pamper her with pajamagram. She'll receive the most luxurious pajama as along with free lavender batty, a gift card, and a do not disturb sign all delivered in a keep safe hack box. The set of pajamagram gift, shop online at pajamagram.com, or call 1-800-GivePJs in the Huputures the perfect pair. A brand she knows and loves like Nick and Korra, crab tree and Evelyn and Naturi. Made from premium fabric, like Egyptian cotton and fine sauce, and sizes to fit any mom. Plus they've got gowns and robes, slippers and great spot products too. Setting a pajamagram is a creative way to thank her and it's delivered right to her dough, she'll let it, it's a gift, you know, she's going to be using. This is a sister company from my teddy bear's to your nurse and trust their quality aunt on time delivery too. So this mother's day, send mom the softest gift for the hardest job. And we all know what the hardest job is. Just visit pajamagram.com or call 1-800-GivePJs. That's pajamagram.com, it's home that old Neil turned you onto it. This is course when you'll find something new. You weigh in. I think my husband is trying. I think my husband is trying. I mean, that is it. Push, push, push, push, push. Push, push, push, push. I mean, that is it. Push, push, push, push, push. Push, push, push. Push, push, push. I've got the real Dubaia. If it's a thing, it's claiming I don't know where it's lived to go. It's being strong in the perfecting proper. Thanks for coming. Just like a father. It's late for the family's guy. I heard him lost. Just a bunch of putters in the mud. One, twenty-six. At five, sixty-two. I'm this is great. Were you just emailed me? The ace of spades, baby, from that deck of criminals. Here's George W. I emailed that this morning. Greenpeace put that deck out. Normally I had a lot of mixed feelings about love. But I will just just see that. I thought maybe we're going to email me more pictures from contestants as they come in. For our hot couple contest. Get with that, okay. It officially starts today. The hot couple contest. You might win yourself a three day tonight's stay in a Bahamas, including Airfare. Does that mean that we're going to put the... The pole up your ass? Yes. A red hot poker. Remember the one in, uh, was that movie with Robbie Benson? The basketball movie? Oh, God. Direction. Direction. One on one. One on one. One on my Robbie Benson movie, Mr. What was that one where he was spanking at Little Monkey? George W. I think that was, uh, old-a-villy Joe. George W. Bush president yesterday's American possessor, approximately 10,600 nuclear weapons inside the NFT. Look at that. N-P-T. What is that? N-E-E? So anyway, there it is. And it's, so I say, there it is. They're not going to see it. They will. It'll be on the shortly. Alright, so I put it on our website. See how you like that, Miss Grage, here we're putting really interesting and, uh, provocative stuff on it. As opposed to just like a black and white page, but a bunch of links on it. Man, is that what, as on most head, too? He's got links on his head. Links with a Y. Frank and Melbourne says, heard you talking about Jerry Williams passing away from Boston, Repl listening to Jerry. Got hooked on talk radio because of the hours I spent listening to him and all the colors. Used to listen to on a crystal radio as a child. I was in South Florida in the 80s driving back to Boston searching the A.M. band for something Listen to and thought I heard a familiar voice. I tuned back and heard Jerry's voice and recognized it instantly. It was right here as voice once again in state tune as far as the signal would go Driving north. WNWS. W-S-News. Your right, Jerry was well-known in the Boston area. He gets some real idiots calling into argue reminds me of you and some of your colors. Guess that's why listen to uses, Frank. So long, Jerry and Neil, thanks for bringing back the memories and thank you for years of entertainment and being the sole voice of reason on Florida AM or AD. Absolutely correct. Thanks for the like, John, Frank. Let's see, John and Miami has an attached bedtime story. Americans have good reason to be afraid of their leaders it says by Barbara Sumner Burston who is Burston at the scenes with information. Not a bad story at all. Really? Yeah. Should I read it? Yeah. But we did cold. How do you like that? And then we'll see where we go from there. Fried from the oppression of their dictator where Rackies are now free to complain. From tens of thousands of marchers chanting down, down, USA don't stay go away. To individuals spitting at soldiers, Rackies are flexing a muscle that paradoxically had atrophy under Saddam Hussein. Their muscle is bulging again. But now here's an irony that nobody expected. Back in America, complaining about America is the one thing that's pretty much disappeared lost under the way to a collective patriotism and increasing constitutional limitations. Voicing any sort of anti-war opinion is just not done anymore and a number of organizations have sprung up with the express purpose of blacklisting celebrities who speak out. Susan Sermandon is obviously on the list. She's quoted as saying she doesn't remember ever being in a climate where people were too afraid we've had a conversation about an issue let alone in debate. But then in America uttering any threatening remark about the president is illegal and likely land you in jail. Right or Jonathan Friedland looking at America's history of talents and diversity tolerance in diversity said in the Guardian that the country was turning into a very un-American America where the limits of acceptable discussion have narrowed sharply in anyone commenting negatively on the war or the president is denounced as unpatriotic. It shouldn't call as a surprise, a quick reading of the 2001 Patriot Act formed in the dark hours after 9-11, clearly shows it's all part of a bigger plan. Under the guise of security, the act allowed all kinds of incursions into private life. Some like the right to track organizations suspected of funding terrorists made sense in light of the attacks. Others like the right to seize library lending records or the recruitment of post-ease pizza delivery guys and local shopkeepers in the National Network of Informers did seem draconian. But it turns out it was not enough. This is an New Zealand hairl by the way, New Zealand. But it turns out it wasn't enough sweeping to amendments to the bill have been drawn off the Patriot Act two where the brave would have it. The Liberty Force Security Act was leaked to the press in February and in its press in four makes for scary reading. It allows for things like random arrest secret military tribunals for presidential uh, presidentially designated terrorists and concealment of presidential records. It even proposes reversing a federal court decision authorizing the release of the names of the hundreds of people still detain without representation in the drag net following the 9-11 attacks. Perhaps you believe that if you have nothing to hide, you have nothing to fear. The lawyers committee for human rights warns that for the first time in US history the actual explicitly authorized secret arrest not to mention sneak and peak searches. That cute term means federal agents can enter your home, download your computer and internet viewing history, take your private business records and any other material including confidential library and bookstore records without telling you without proof of probable cause or without getting a court order. And the best part? The legislation does not restrict churches to people suspected being involved in terrorism. It gets worse. The act not only increases government power while decreasing checks on it's invasive power if passed and looks likely the government will be able to sample and catalog genetic information without a corridor or hour your consent. The act also broadens the term terrorists to include anyone with views that differ from the government. Ha ha ha ha. Tell Miguel that worry about my coming back. Okay. And it says for getting a whistleblower, that said to become illegal even if you're motivated to protect the public from corporate wrongdoing or government neglect, but then to whistleblower you need access to information. Under PP2 information such as the environmental safety of local factories will be off limits and you won't be able to contribute to meaningful dialogue on the future such resources forests that constitutes the long-earned way special interest group. In addition, if you don't like a secret decision made by government organization say clear prelling ancient Sequoia trees, you have no right to appeal. And even the press will be barred from publishing contentious information. Feeling a tingle in your spine yet, Richard Woods, the head of our own spy service in New Zealand, the SIS wouldn't comment. Even as receptionist Mary, I don't give my second name would not comment on questions about New Zealand's response to PP2. But in comparison to the US draft, the proposed amendments to our own 2002 terrorism suppression act are puny procedures like we require a court warrant to use electronic tracking devices. So for now while Americans are waking up to a world where if you're not for your government, you're a traitor, New Zealanders are safe from the tyranny of an apparently unfettered government. America is changing and changing fast in that raises an opposite question. What is opposite? Don't know. It raises a question. Are we tucked away in our comfortable corner of the world up with their plane if so? How do we intend to respond to it? This is written in a column of New Zealand, the Harold. We got them quickened. Yeah, how do you like that? The world's getting real nervous. The spread of fascism, that's the term, not used in this column, but that's exactly the term, fascism. Not creeping, but smothering, spreading. And anybody who signs on to that man, just like I said during the war about people having blood on their hands, anybody who goose steps along with this man, put on a uniform and a hip boots and do your sigile. Because that's what it's all about. What's that? How's that pull coming, Neil? If the nice presidential election was being held today, who would you vote for? Probably got 484, 484 votes. Bob Graham 131. Just eventually 87. George W. Bush 85, that 17.5%. Hillary Clinton 57. John Kerry, who looks kind of scary 37, how are Dean 31? What about Alan Burke? He was the Dean? Dick Hibbard 14, Al Sharpton 14. Ralph Nader 13, John Edward 9, and Julie women is sucking away in the last place he's got six. Only six for Julie women. Remember when he was supposed to be the front runner or a few months ago? Yeah. And that point I said, why don't we just disband that Democratic Party? And make don't mistake about it. Because this is one show where you want anybody to tell you how great the Democrats are, or the Republicans, they both suck. The Democrats are just less militant, less scary. They're the buffer, but man, you've seen a way that they did. Yeah, you talk about intimidation. They've just kind of like see back into the woodwork now. And with the rare exception, like swillery and a couple of others, they are mom. They got an on the say. Scared Schmittless. I'm in fact this. 56050560 on the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. WQAM. Hello. WQAM. Hello. Hi. I was trying to submit permission on Golden's adopt amendment. Give a number, I could call it them. No, I don't. But call her in the morning when they're on. That's probably good time to get it. And get a new phone too. Goldies, it's already gone for me, which is a good thing he does. But we have no idea what the number is, but probably a real good time to get the information. Would like I said, between 6 and 9 in the morning would be excellent. Right. Speak to Robert Greeper or the creeper or a Zack with his attack or what are those guys? We don't know nothing. WQAM. Yes sir. You said that. WQAM. Oh, ah. God are these people slow. WQAM. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Hey, how are you doing? I'm sorry. Okay. You know those New Zealanders they were, they've been on to us for a long time. That was a great article you read there. Yeah, they were the member back in the, I think it was the late 60s or early 70s. They were banned any American ship from entering their ports. It was a nuclear powered or had nuclear arms on it. That's great. A big row back then. But when you're talking about the Democrats shrinking back into the woodwork, well there's really one work for that along with the media. And it's anthrax. Did we ever find this, the anthrax murderer? No we did not. And you know, it's US government weapons grade anthrax. Isn't it an interesting coincidence that Tom Dashal got the letter and they were like, you know, of course the people that that were also got the letter. I guess that was to send them a message like Joey Zazah was going to send a message. And they were like no conservatives got those envelopes. That's pretty interesting. Yes, and especially when those conservatives when they want to go on and on about the liberal media, Dan Radhar and Tom Broker, the first two names to their lips. And that's a very interesting thing that's happened there. And lady, he's on the, And that's right, Patrick Lehi got one too as correct. That's right. And essentially, and of course, that when we're talking about the postal workers, the got it, we're talking about essentially a Democrat liberal supporting union. And nothing was done about that as a matter of fact. Well, not now you're stretching. Well, no, I'm just saying that they did. We're just collateral damage. Yes, I understand. I'm not saying that they were directed, but there wasn't much in the. Well, the bottom line is they still haven't found anything. They still have that person of interest that they're trying to crucify. That ask Croft has been trying to elbow up. But they still haven't arrested anybody for it. There know where closer to finding out about the answer. And they weren't a beginning if they don't really know the answer. And secondly, we haven't found Osama and we find haven't found Sodom. And we haven't done squat, but we got this deck of cards, baby. Yeah. Yes, right. This indicating what I guess. Did you know that Bush handed out to the families of the soldiers that had died. Or when he was doing one of his, a friendly crowd, military crowd parade. He presented to the families of the dead true. That were there at his celebration last week. Each a deck of cards. And I thought that what? What an amazing metaphor that is to hand to the families. How much class year can you get to know? Do indicate that this is like, hand them a game card set of game cards. Oh, right. Neil, thank you for everything that you're doing appreciate it. Hey, and they're probably see at the border. 1158, 2 minutes till the end of the 560 WCM, we got the man dog at 1. Hank in Louisville for the Derby. 3-7-7-7 to noon. The big, oh! 7-9 before Marlon baseball. You know, Mother's Day is coming up just a week and a half away, so it's a perfect time to repay Mom who spent so many nights during her lifetime waiting for you to come home. From those lighten-out excursions during your younger, wilder days. Like maybe a week or two ago. Dad of my Chris has got the perfect mattress for Mom. If it's sagging lumpy, just worn out. Then pick up the phone and call dial on mattress tool free at 1-800-MATTRES. That's the number for dial on mattress, and I've used them many times. George has used them even Miguel who used to be a pretty good guy. He's used him to and he's screwing his brains out on that thing. And the mattress too. They got the complete line of service, silly King Corlan Simmons to choose from. So don't put it off any longer. Nothing's got a bigger impact on life, on the way you feel we did. And a great night sleep suit with the same for Mom. And don't forget, dial on mattresses got more repeatable for all customers than anybody else because they know how to treat their customers right. And I promise you I guarantee most life on it. Once you buy mattress and bottom mattress, you'll never go back to wasting gas, time and money. Chopin and expensive showroom again. And when you buy that mattress and bottom mattress keep in mind, they set up the new one and take away the crappy old vetting for free. Let me say it again. Dottom mattress sets up the new one takes away the sewer old nasty old vetting for free. So this mother's day have Mommy sleeping like a baby on her new bed from bottom mattress. Gifts certificates available to and all the nominations. Call right now 1-800-MATTRES. As 1-800-MATTRES, the intelligence is easy way to get you a great night sleep. Rhyme and local, your sports radio 5-60's you a-m. And I'm proud, Yliana, Rosh, Latelyn. And I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from jewels. And listening to the new Rokay, I'm gonna use the hour. Okay, and from the roof! Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, get, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, get go, go, go, go, go, go, get, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go. and make up with generous something. And then ask him to break my buns. Oh, there you know, but again. So I would not feel for more spoon. No! And I would not be ashamed about a ginger and more gay union. Just pull him and stroke him away. Or make me carry your night night. Yes, sound like a nine-year-old kid. Aaaaaa! Only a mature menly guy. He knows that makes me flip my wig. If ginger was a lover of mine, I'd bury my bulbous pain he knows. Inside is simply re-rerended at the end of the day. No, I would not be a spoon-boat. No! If I was not a closet of faith, That's why a ginger and more gay union would make me feel dizzy and gay. Everybody follow my thousand balls. Yeah, ginger and more gay union. That would make my sorrow bow me as you say. If we had a ginger and more gay union, That wouldn't have to get me raped. The trouble five is five-sixth-y-w-n-r-big, our world-famous, new to one-hour. Five-six-seven-o-five-sixth-y-pound-five-sixth-y-on-a-a-t-t-n-t-in-for-eyes, and for-is-marlas-lin. Record industry warning to pop-up. The next instant message that using dollars We see might be warning from the recording industry. Turning up the heat on internet power, The record label said Tuesday, They'll reach out and touch individual swoppers via the popular means of i-mine communication. When you get a message that pops up and says, We know who you are and what you're doing as well. We think that'll hit homes as Kerry Sherman. Presently recording industry association of America, the R-I-A-A. This is a way to remind them that, oh yeah, this stuff is illegal and maybe there are risks. Do you think that's gonna stop? No. I'm gonna stop you, huh? Sure won't stop. Beena Boy, I'm sure that. Let's use him as a test case. The recording group will send about a million automated messages a week starting with 200,000 Tuesday to use his of Kazan and Groxster. Okay. GR-OK-ST-E-R. Okay. This is the first time. You know what is being able to send anything? He's way all the other side of the room working on the website. That's gonna be a lot of work. Let's go start by making, slapping it all the way across the room because he thinks it's funny to do that. Keeps grabbing it and slapping it. It says it's the first time the RIA has directly targeted casual omuses, but industry is sued for college students from music sharing on campus. Net provider Verizon is under court order to reveal the name of a customer accused of infringement and a judge last week said, uses a fostering services, not the services the missiles are violating copyrights. The industry hopes to heard some of the millions of free downloads toward authorized pay services, such as Apple's iTunes, Music Store, which opened this past Monday. If you're gonna be on there, are you being a boy? Of course. Okay. Right. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Most of you, somebody emailed me. Some of them I can't open this fawn. I'm having an nervous break time. It's just, you know. Oh, that must have been the Adobe file with the entire deck of cards in it. No, no, it wasn't from you. Oh. It was something else. See, everything comes back to George. What an ego. Yeah. Everything comes back to George. Are you thinking you're the only person that emails me stuff? No, but I just emailed you a file that I was afraid you might not be able to open. Where'd you probably write? But you know how computer illiterate I am? They're okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. The phone is his debtors' adornium. They were doing screenless on a Thursday. We're having a marvelous time. At least we are on this end. But the audience has never liked that. I think what put them over the edge was that fact that I got what those good-looking athletes in that, that really did it. They're, they're out of the bed. They're hiding now. They're with McGill. They're hiding under the bed. We're much over. Macho. Does anybody believe us? No. How about you QIM? Hello? Yes? Yes. I asked for a meal please. Speaking. Is this needle? Yes. Okay. I was going to ask you something. Oh, sorry. Hello? Yes. Yes. I was wondering if I was in Miami Beach every day. And the sea guys were, yeah, I'll hear that. But we're crossing the street. Some of these crazy guys. I don't know what the search is. Is there things like that please, having on the beach right now? Is there what? I mean, these people aren't the beach. These guys were the floor, they were shaved head. And they were saying they were calling us Jews and yelling at us. Could you tell us what was going on? Well, I tell you what was going on. I think there were a bunch of guys with shaved heads calling you Jews and yelling at you. Get out of here, lady. Can you believe that? No, I don't believe it actually. What was that? What do you mean you don't believe it? I think it was a fake voice. Get out of here. That's to us. That was a fake voice that nice old lady on the beach room at a high pitch fall set of voice. No one could have been like that. You don't believe that? Oh, no. No. Yeah, you know something it was being her boy. It was being her boy in the phone. You're not following me. That's why he couldn't speak before he was like that. Oh, remember? WQIM. How would you turn please? Okay. Yeah. How did you QIM? QAM. QAM. Hi. Yes, sir. My name is Charlie. I'm from Florida now. Okay. I don't do any Charlie, but that's okay. Go ahead. I just thought it was a kind of odd. It is 55 people are looking forward. It's echo cards and the echo cards only has 52 cards. Uh-huh. Well, this president can't count to good. I guess not. Thanks. You're kind of like a freighter when they got five, you know? Smod. Not like everybody says. When you say? You know what you can't do? You know what you can't do? I can't believe how smart. I can't believe everybody says. Like, no. I swear. And I'm just saying. I'm going to pass no to five 60. See, I'm busy over here trying to do something. And you're trying to give me like two do the show. I don't want to do it. I know. Because I'm trying to look at something over here. But that next break. What is that? What is what kind of a break is that? Did we ever find out what this is all about today? What's going on here? No. Well, what are we going to find that out? What is Muff can actually do something? What is he going to get off his Duff Muff and do something? I don't know. Good. Golly. I mean, we've got to depend on Maddie Belfer. Everything will probably have to get him to find out about this too. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Wow. Well, you'll see what I believe is. The word, opposite, I looked up in my little pocket ditch in here. What else does that mean? It's an adjective, meaning suitable. Okay. And you were reading something before and you came across NPF, and then no I think it means nuclear proliferation treaty. Okay, that's on at Asus Pays and at Dekir cards. Oh, yeah, I think that's what that refers to. Okay, thank you. Well, I'm done. Okay, you're done. He's done. Yeah, didn't even read a morid.com. She had a column at Sonder Web site, but now one of the all-time greats right in bother reading it. So now other people are, well, of course, when they're from New Zealand, you know, they speak kind of funny, hey. Well, they do. They had their like more Britain. They used to be part of that British Empire off-site. Yeah, New Zealand. In fact, old Antingue was the British Empire. Look what it did for them. Yeah. All you people that are all excited about this great American imperialism, be careful what you wish for. Remember somebody wrote a comment about that the other day? Who didn't have the balls to say what he was really talking about? Right little Tommy. And little Tommy, maybe you want to look at that obituary, Jerra Williams. He used to work at WNWOS. He was very popular in the South Florida market. Maybe you want to check that out, but I doubt it. Lazy Tommy. WM Hello. You remember a few years ago when you, WM, hello. Yes, sir. Listen. Turn that radio off. Yeah. Yeah. Those are the two cards. Our Joker's. Yeah. You think you got it all out? No. I think he's still going. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. You know what the president said? But that's exactly what he said. WQAM. WQAM. Hello. WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm going to be QAM. Do you know how we guessed that I just ran into his smoking fangs out in front of the courthouse? Who's that? Norma King. Joy Julian. Who? Joy Julian. Joy Julian. Joy Julian. Who's that? Ian. And they went to Hot Hat. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T. Where are you interpreting these calls to me? No idea what any of these people are. Come on. And look, this is 4, 20, 0, 5, 60. We're in the way. Who am I? I'm in taxes. And culture is a party girl's life. Party girl's life. Party girl's life. Party girl's life. And culture is a party girls life. Party girl's life. And welfare, Like dark red, and this action is good for that. And this action, and this action, and this action, and this action, and this action, and this action, a camel code, a boat, a boat, a boat, a camel boat, a boat, a boat, a boat. The most of the stars of the world to be a media home and per person on tap with us. You want to, and the longest lady is what I'll give you. She's got a book to read about, slam the ring. Nobody knows more about, but it's lander and out. With a big suit, found that it wasn't a left of mangala, such a good Christian girl. You want a strangala. Fondificate, who she's 80, political fondathon tip that came from on the floor and masturbating. A republic in St. K. Holt. She's a better relish-emote. Faking, liberal, a dirty word, you know, and a many-skirts, Joe and Cameldo. And Kolt's a nose, what they can be, in a mini skirt, that spells fishy. She's a tall drink of water on the side of Lord water with a back out of your milk to be like your dog's dollar. You've got some money, you'll spread those legs with the stairs to rip and the shards man and so during children, political fondathon tip, the angel of the rights, and the T.C.L. Prof. 18, did you know that Anne Kolder and Ms. Grudge are the same person? No, I didn't. That would explain a lot. I mean, sometimes they're on radio together, but he's just doing both voices, but you'll never see the two and the one TV together. It's the same person. Similar wardrobe, she's got the better hat. 550 votes on the pool if we were having another presidential lesson right now, and we're hoping that we do have another one. You never know. Who do you vote for? 5GM144. Jesse Ventura 98, George W. Bush 98, 17.8%. Kind of a Clinton 65. John Kerry 47, Howard Dean 35, Al Sharpton 18. Dick Devhart 15, Ralph Nader 14, John Edwards 10, and Julie Rominoly 6. Now, I noticed you got two more entries for our contest for the hot couple's comments. You mentioned it. I wasn't looked in low and behold. Low and behold, and you did pass them along. No, I know which one you're voting for. So far. Ha ha ha ha ha. See if they can beat that? Oh, yeah. I know which one you're just voting for and probably a B.N.R. Boy 2. Wow. Talk about a couple of gigantic boobies man. Outstanding. Wow. And the other couple is kind of interesting. Look in their cute. Yeah. Okay. Like I said, they can't compete in your book. Look at those things, man. They have like smiling right back at you. You know. So keep those pictures coming. You got two weeks today until the 15th. Right. Right. Trying to figure out how this thing was right before B.N.R. Boy. Screwed with the rules on it. 15th through the 22nd. The pictures will be up there on our website and then you can vote. And then the winner gets a 3-day two-night stay for two of the world. Oasis resort and casino into Bahamas with round trip airfare on Lake O'Rear. And runner-up gets dinner for two at the pizza law. And don't panic now because the winner of the contest will have nothing to do with Bob Lincoln. Okay. Oh, I just mentioned that because we might have some people who went to Vegas with us years ago. And I don't want them to think and you know, conjuring up visions of sugar plums like what happened on those trips. Wow. You know what happened on those trips? They all had a good time. One at a all in spite of everything. Wow. Only took 20-30 years of my life. WQAM hello. Welcome to the 4-head of the EU. WQAM hello. There is a conspiracy. WQAM hello. QAM hello. QAM hello. Yeah, you don't. Okay, sir. I really didn't have this. This was up to me. I wanted to find out. You just got a commercial about notorious. Yeah. And I tried to copy the number down and I couldn't get it. Did you give it to me quick or is it possible? You have to, you got the number there being a boy? No. I know you don't. Hang on a second. Okay. Let's go to the front office or something. I beg your pardon. I'll give them the number to the front office or something. Yeah. Take your him. Okay. He's busted. I was going to pay for that. And since we have so few. At least on issue. Anyway, well, I tell you that there's something going on here today. Really, really makes you scratch your ass and wonder. I started out with all this business about, well, you know, we're really concerned we're having meetings now. About whether the queen needs to be quarantined when he comes back from Toronto. Yeah. I think there's a connection between that and the spots. Maybe they think they'll get SARS if they sell the show. Mm-hmm. I got news for her. Most of the people in our sales department SARS would be an upgrade for most of them. From whatever they got. W.K.W.M. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir? Yes, I was wondering. Could you, um, I'm wondering about that. Speak up, sir. I can't hear you. Okay. I'll come out. Hello? Hello? Yes, sir. Yes, I was wondering. Sir, let me ask you a question. How old are you? I'm 63. 63. Yes. Come on. You're 63. Like, how are you? David, 63. No, I'm 63. Absolutely. You said about 83. Are you sure? 63 years old, I guess. Okay. What year were you born? I was born in 1938. Okay. I'm just checking. Okay. I was going to ask you about something. You're still sound too old. I don't want to talk to you. Then he's sound too old. Oh, ancient. Sounds I mean, I'm 60 and this guy's 63. He must have lived a really rough life. Too old, man. Michigan man, Susan McDonald's after fighting chewing gum in this salad. Detroit. A man is swing fast to a giant McDonald's after allegedly biting into a piece of already chewed gum in a salad. In a lawsuit filed in Wayne County, circuit court Joseph Taylor says the February 26 incident is caused in mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, and pain and suffering and loss of appetite. He has sought medical attention to court of the lawsuit. Taylor also said he fears he may have contracted AIDS or hepatitis that had tried to replace reporter Wednesday. I want to face related George Corso McGell or both. Okay. How do you get AIDS or hepatitis by chewing on some used chewing gum? That's pretty interesting. The assistant managed to the restaurant. I made Kumar said McDonald's insurance companies handling the lawsuit. The lawsuit state Taylor was eating a salad and McDonald's on Wayne State University campus in Detroit. We discovered a foreign object in his mouth that had already been chewed on by somebody else. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Have we all had the one objects in our mother been chewed on by somebody else? Have we? You had. No. He is seeking damages more than $25,000. And I guarantee you, so have you. You just think about different objects, man. That's all. I've never had a foreroghet. Wrong. Look at that picture again, okay. Oh, yeah. Wow. Five, six, seven, five, six, six. Five, six, six, six, six. Just quit being in denial, okay. I'm the bad guy. I'm the pervert. I'm the one who's infected. I'm dangerous. I never had no furners. Yeah. You. Oh, that's great. I'm proud of the foreroghet. How about in Montana? So everybody's a foreroghet. They're all domestic. All Americans are foreroghet. Let me tell you right now, you risk cold his ice. WCWM. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. I was having lunch with a restaurant or a remaining name with the family. The name was the famous for the cheesecake. I found a youth fan date in my salad. Yeah. And that's the story that's going to absolutely fund the foreroghet. I'm going to. I would say that for next time. I mean, I like maybe in case you cut your liver something. I'm the broken glass. Neil, I just want to tell right. I never understood what you're talking about with the old people in the old right. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That that fit you have with sitting on a bench and all right. They should be renamed back into a park car and Delroy. I've been back into three times. I've been here in the last two months. I cannot believe the people here. They're they. Plasic of Oreo Plaza. They're on the Atlantic. I was in the public with time. Like if you don't have life insurance. If we pull that way. If you're absolutely out of your mind. There are 14,000. Older. What's every tire is. Three of them are going 50 miles an hour. Okay. Thanks for the info pal. Thank you. Tell us that the old people are driving slow in South Florida. I want to be rude or cut you off. But man, terminal. I was ready to go into a coma. Or two. Haha. Pokemon and ribs Carlos. Now let me say this. Okay. I don't really think we need to do 104 breaks this hour. Right. Oh man. In fact, we would have played our cards right. I could have. Why don't they don't really is pissing me off. You're emailing me stuff. Other people are emailing me stuff. And I don't have time to even go on there and download stuff because every time I fart. The break is over already. We never had a log like this except maybe way back like, you know, Christmas time after Christmas or very bizarre times. You know, at the end of an advertising cycle. God. I have to leave or not. I don't need for another break right now. That's what I just said. So no problem. Two breaks. Two breaks. How about you do two more breaks? Right. See, there he goes again. You know, we even had it on the podium. I saw a gaslight. Okay. I keep reminding Georgia that I saw that movie. So it's not going to work. In addition to which I'm a little not quite as much as in good Bergman. 5. 5. 6. 0. 5. 6. 6. Yes sir. I was a second government on the grassy mole. WQAM. Hello. John. Oh. Hmm. A run. We got a run man. You remember the run? So we got we got a run on the phone. WQAM. WQAM. Be valiant. Why? How much more is Fc? WQAM. Hello. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Like I said, it's a little bit of a call for today. I just was just checking to make sure that we're absolutely out of material because I'm not. I'm just a double second, you know, just to be sure. 27 pass note at 5. 60 WQAM on a pole. Who do you vote for from president for we have an election right now? 5. Graham 152. When you want to see the pictures. You're speaking of putting people's pictures on the web. Would you like to see the pictures of these nerds of Colin? No. The Chambagai and that group. I just thought I could spot him in a crowd. For the laugh. Yeah. You can just imagine. Come and make Beenir boy. Look like a literary giant like an intellectual. Look like? Bob Graham 154 votes. Jesse Ventura 105. George W. Bush 111.7.2%. Swilory Clinton 68. John Kerry Scott 47. Howard Dean 40. I'll sharp the 19. Dick Gemhart 17. 17. Woodwood for Dick. Ralph Nader 16. John Edwards 12. And Julie remains still only got eight. Boy. I hear he's less to fill in. Take's great. 28 pass noon at 5. 16 WQAM. So we'll do one now. I'm like it about one of where we feel like it. Quarter out. Good. Now, let's get my personality on the story here on the case and see what that was going on here with us. Because if we have another log like this tomorrow. What about we won't supposedly. We won't. So in other words, you must add some information. Well, they, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the. Dup has been running in and out saying that it's going to be taking care of but the reason why has not become apparent. I see. Well, let's find out what is apparent. Okay. That the water not see in the sales department. You put them together. You got a real dangerous combination is what you got. You put her together with that bunch of losers and you throw a screw. And you throw a screw and into the mix and you got a real bad bad result. Here's where you can get a great result when you're shopping for a great new car, use car truck. SUV whatever you're looking for and that's how the potty X EMC. And right now, Tom Leeman and Joe Creative got some fantastic unbeatable needle deals weight nine. It's the first and may by the way, I would imagine it probably they got some new stuff going on to. You think Bob Iceberg is on top of the case. Oh, I got it. Is, is anybody working there anymore? Is this just, is this just a joke? Seriously. I think they all left town. They are probably panicked and let the building in anticipation that I might sneak in anytime soon. Anyway, hear the deal deals going on at Hall at Pontiac. The O'Neill number one gets 0% financing for 60 months in every Pontiac or GMC in stock. The O'Neill number two gets yourself up to a $4,000 rebate on every new GMC in Pontiac in stock. That is correct. Get up to a $4,000 rebate on every new car truck in stock. The O'Neill number three, if you're currently a GMS smartly, you're smart by customer grab a Chevy blazer in old Provado or GMC Jimmy. Buy or lease you a new Pontiac or GMC in the extra $1,000 off the price. So stop by Hall at Mawd you there, why not test drive the all new and powerful and SPIFI Pontiac ran pretty. Hall at Pontiac GMC you're loved to in business there because they treat you right. No high pressure, no BS just great deals and personal friendly service. You'll find him at 134, a one-sufftix, he highway that's US one right across the falls open every day, seven days a week. For more information on those Neill deals called the Neill Deal Hotline toll free, 1-trivalate 534-4211. That's 1-trivalate 534-4211 and don't forget all Neill deals seem to decredit a Puvlc dealer for the tails and Hall at Pontiac GMC and don't forget they be professional grade. 9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9 Look at that, he's open to my chest now. Hey, my way from aftergokth is taken off his pants. And now he's watered, with my chest<|ja|><|ja|><|ja|> Hey, stop, I'm gonna do you know who I am. Oops, I'm doing so annoying. Hasn't I like it to do? Oops, I'm doing so annoying. He's raping my chest. Did I like that point? Did I like that point? Did I like that point? Oh my, did you die? Oh my, did you die? It was a beautiful, beautiful mouth. Even if I was the only one who showed up, it felt like a fine at the mean. Well, it looks like it's time for me to do it. I always wanted to do. regardings forever. Exitizing. Anyway, I wanna play down the water. Well, who knows where the water comes from now. On the other hand, I swear! You dabbed by some cobblestone. You have a castlope shirt on your way here. You cause Clydes-norph. And to do that would be better. Your name is Jelip. No, I just want one. I'm building the vampire's land. Big deal. Now I got to step you with my crab and stand. Like yourself, I'll punk it. I'm at a moi hole. See? Why are you crying? To the point. The power of price compels you. Oh, no! Power of price compels you. To the noise. To the noise. To the noise. To the blow. Com 35 is 560W. You can't get the mad dog coming up. I want to clock none to assume by the way. None to assume. 616 votes on the pool. And Senator Bob is doing pretty good. 1601 votes. Administration appeals for under God. Oh, good. The Bush administration appeal of the Supreme Court yesterday to preserve the phrase under God in the pledge of allegiance resented by school children. The reference doesn't amount to one constitutional government approach to religion. The administration's top Supreme Court lawyer wrote in the court filing, whatever else the Constitution's establishment clause may prohibit. This court's precedence may clear that it does not forbid the government from officially acknowledging the religious heritage foundation and character of this nation solicitor general Ted Olson. Oh, I wrote an court filing. You know him. Yeah. One of the penis gay who had Hanshose, right wing asshole. This is what the pledge of allegiance does. The pledge is therefore constitutional he said. The justice department in a California school, that would be like asking a hair mind gearing if the broadwrest is done just right. Yeah. The justice department in a California school does to dance to high court to reverse the federal appeals court ruling last year that banned the teacher-led pledge in public schools. The Constitution says the government may not establish religion and practice that is meant the government cannot endorse or promote religion in general or favor one religion over another. The Supreme Court has twice declared the pledge is constitutional and numerous justices have assumed as much another writing's Olson argued. The appeals court ruling was widely denounced in Congress on opinion pages and at the White House. Which will he nobody wants to attack God or apple pie or mom or maybe even share her life unless you have a crappy beat up old impeller. So that's USA for you man under God. They just keep sticking your nose in it and rubbing your nose in it. Hey, that's what it is. I mean, you know, we got to finish Christianizing America before we can Christianize all those infidels over there in Shmata, headland. We got to do a good job of finishing off all the people here at our converted yet. Oh, what are you smoking about finish this off, right? Well, one way or the other. And you know how they're going to do it. I want to make them an awfully good. Exactly. That's right. The way they've always done them through the centuries. Oh, no, not another piece of a skull degree by the Ace of Spades. Bush tries to weaken tobacco treaty. As more than 160 nations, prepare to sign this is from the San Francisco Chronicle of course. More than 160 nations prepare to sign a landmark treaty to control tobacco the Bush administration is waiting a last ditch effort to gut the accord of its strongest provisions, including Worldwide ban on tobacco advertising. The treaty is being closely watched by Philip Morris, the world's largest tobacco company with $19 billion in sales last year and other cigarette producers would see it as a potential catastrophe for their businesses. Oh, right. U.S. ambassador Kevin Moley, state-of-the-administrations hardline position in a meeting Monday with a director general of the WH. Oh, Geneva. Oh, how do you like that? They were concerning with the WH. Oh, a copy of Moley's, is that Holy Moley? A copy of Holy Moley's position paper was obtained by the campaign for tobacco free kids and anti-to-backal lobbying group. Government officials confirm that Moley delivered the documents to WH. Oh, director general, grow Harlem Brutland that butchia brought from Norway. According to the position paper, the U.S. wants signatories to be able to ignore any provision of the tree they disagree with as it stands that tree does not allow signatories to express reservations about individual restrictions. Are you following this every treaty? I mean, it's us against the world, maybe. People haven't figured that out yet. That's what's at. Well, the whole world. The rest of the world. It says coincidentally, the U.S. position paper was delivered to the WH. Oh, shortly after the WH, released a major study, warning that new cancer cases worldwide will surge by 50% to 15 million by 20, 20 less governments act to turn things around. We can make a difference by taking action that they said, Dr. Paul Clu-He's, Clu-Who's, whatever his name is, Clu-Who, co-editor of the 350-page World Cancer Report. We have the opportunity to extend this increase. And the U.S. said, no, no, can't do it, Pally. Can't do it, Pally, because our friends at Philop Morris are going to be pissed off and fired up. Look at this. First we started with that pot story, which young Craig Chen, pot to be decolonized in Canada by the end of the summer, probably sooner, probably like in a month or two. And to show you what a bunch of purverts we got up here for what you homophobes out there, which is a gigantic A vast part of the audience. B.C. same-sex couples await marriage ruling. A decision could be announced today on a British Columbia case brought to court by seven same-sex couples fighting for the right to marry. The case is being decided in the B.C. Court of Appeals, a three-judged panel began hearing the case back in February after the couples appealed an earlier court ruling that prevented them from legally getting married. Now, now the panel says it's ready with a decision. Jane Hamilton and Joy Masohara, who have been together for ten years, are eagerly awaiting the decision. They say they were a little bit surprised at how quickly the court has moved to a decision. They thought the case could take as long as two years to decide. We thought at the earliest maybe six months, but we weren't expecting that maybe not even this year said Hamilton. The decision has been made so quickly. It's likely the decision has been unanimous. That's my understanding of it said Masohara. Masohara, whatever it is, which means the three judges has either also had no you can't reass you can. The battle can be traced back to 1999 when one couple tried to obtain a marriage license from the B.C. director of Idle's statistics and was rejected and attempt another couple following a year also failed. Eventually, eight same-sex couples found themselves in broad and illegal battle to marry and B.C. Supreme Court. If the court sides with the couple's many see it as a huge step for gay equality, but if the court signs with the crownlers who say it's not up to the judiciary to change the legal nature of our vote. By the end of the day, they're saying, wouldn't that be something, huh? Yeah. Oh, and right to the ear of this. Remember how we saw the beating on the chest by the Shiites? The fly's relating, right? Look at your chainsaw, baby. The retired general overseeing Iraq's post-war reconstruction said yesterday that his fellow Americans should beat their chest with pride and having toppled Saddam Hussein without destroying the country's assets. Are you beating your chest? Oh, my chest? Then some of your chest. He says, we ought to be beating our chest every day. We're looking to mirror and get proud and stick out our chest and suck in our bellies and say, damn, we're Americans. Jay Gardner told reporters saying that Iraq's oilfields and other infrastructures survived. We're almost intact. Electric, no water. Fixed Nick and deal, okay? Lot of dead bodies, lot of disease, collar, or stuff like that. That's just untightiness. Can't breathe the air part of that untightiness of war? I know how you media people, man. You better go step back and line if you know what's good for you. Because it comes you in the second. We're going to take away everybody's guide damn license that don't go step right at a line. After we want to threaten anybody, anything like that. 1245 at 5.60 WQM, you're not for a long time now, I've been telling you about Ash D'Oral Habits, give me. I'm not trying to be a free loader, anything like that. I have not got my new Olima chip, and yet I just mentioned that in passing. An Olima is something you look forward to getting because it's good for you. It does wonders. Olima itself tells contained the finest olive oil on a planet. It's not just ordinary olive oil. It is super concentrated loader with health benefits. Olima and everyday can help reduce the risk of heart disease in high cholesterol. There are 14 different Olima informants from which to choose. Each one combining the finest olive oil with vitamins, minerals, and herbal supports specific health needs from your bones to your blood pressure. To all kinds of other good stuff, to your immune system. Just pick out the informants that are right for you. And good news is that there are now three new Olima informants. Want to help you sleep, want to help you control that weight, and sell Q10 which is CoQ10 for your heart. Pick them up today. Pick up Olima at PublixEcritsWallGreens, Whole Food Markets, Navarro's or Sedano's order online. If you like Olima to Merricka.com or if you want to get more information about these great products, Call them toll-free. One, 86-Olima. That's one, 86-6, 65-366-33. Pick up some Olima today and for better help, start poppin it in your post. 5-6-6-6-5-6-33. You're... A-C-O-A-M. Media is sick and needs hot badly. I make a place with my parents, Picking down, walking with you. I just don't want to use my brain or the pill is my own fear. Now I say, all smiles, all smiles, all the punches that I see. Like a false friend. I believe they're my friends. And they're really narrow about me. I'm connected. I know it's true. The things they choose. I'm not sorry, all the way, mate. I know that they're in the bypass as the group is of the Lord. I love my job, my money's gone. That's what I'm thinking for. They came from my family, I say, did not agree, but I had nothing to have, though I should be alright, until they come for me. I know it's true. Good things too. Now that's sorry, all the way, mate. I've got the crew. I have the paint bit through. Now that's sorry, all the way. I'm just looking there, moving straight to the room. How come you're showing all I'm demonstrations, man? Then people marching and pissed off and fired up and spitting on the soldiers and stuff like that. You should be showing all the glamorous stuff like the oil fields. We're fine. Huh? Not on fire. And they're listening up and show those big signs up there in the X on one. Hmm? And I think, kind of, Lisa's going to go over there and bless personally. Dr. Rice is going to bless the asshier, Ron. Yeah. She's going to give her personal blessing to it. What's that like? She's going to make the sign. You know, and say, peace on it. Oh. The fancy E.O.s are big winners of Iraq war. Now this, this is in the Boston Globe. And they better cut this out. You know, see, I've backed myself into a corner. I just realized it. And this is this better not happen again tomorrow. I don't want to play a book boss. And then I'm just telling ourselves the permanent water not see in our operations manager and our program director that there's something rotten into water today. Okay. You could hear it from the audience. It's not just if Q.A.M. Maybe the audiences like boycotting us because they're pretty going to catch these stars over the phone over the radio. That could be it. Probably make hells out there driving around town, screaming it out. Turn off Q.A.M. you'll catch stars. The signals coming from Toronto, eh? From the NDP or outmout saying how ashamed they are to be part of such a process. I'd be like that. There is shame to be part of such a process. I do like that process cheese though, don't you? Hmm. Which brand? Craft. Death. Like board. Don't belvita. Go. That's craft. Hmm. Fan. Isn't that just a cheese product right? Which means I buy it. There's a little bit. It's a little cheesy on the inside. Turn like you're underware. Cheeseish. The fence CEOs are big winners of Iraq war by Derek Jackson in the Boston Globe more than 130 American soldiers died in a dubious war in a dusty oil rich land. In dusty boardrooms, the CEOs behind our bombs missiles tanks and planes went to corporate heaven. On the dust, 12 teenagers paid the ultimate sacrifice in the boardroom in their 50s and 60s filled their sacks with cash. 12 soldiers will never see 20. At least 13 weapons. Executives to come more than $20 million in compensation since 2000. The young paid dearly middle aged and graying CEOs were dearly paid. He did the clouds of dust or the closed doors of the boardroom can hide the bankruptcy. The Boston-based watchdog group united for a fair economy known in general for its reports on the vast pay gap between CEOs and workers. This way published a report on even more insane gap between soldiers and weapons CEOs. Using federal corporate and think tank data, the group found that while the average army private in Iraq runs about $20,000 a year, the average CEO among the 37 largest publicly traded defense contractors, made 577 times more money in 2002 or 11.3 million dollars. That's not far off 2011.3 million. That's in a ballpark. Since 2000, the 37 defense contractors CEOs actually given our first strike war at a more appropriate referral than his offense contractors have taken home $1.35 billion. That may not be billgates, but it still means that just 37 men had made enough money in the last few years for instance pay for two years of running the Boston public schools. Meanwhile, everyone knows how the budget cuts of turn public school systems and their own little bag debts because their government say there's no money after war, tax cuts corporate giveaways and sports stadiums. In less predatory America would be rude to brag about financial winners as a result of the terrorist attacks of 911 and the attack on Iraq. If between homeland security, Afghanistan is drawing Iraq and rebuilding Iraq, it was hard to tell whether offense contractors or patriotic equals or bouncing cultures. In the last few years, the government was not able to pay for the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack on the attack with a the 2.7 million. At Raytheon who made missiles and bombs, it went from 8 million in 2,000 down to 2.6 million in 2001 and back up to 8.9 million in 2002. 8 million in 2000 down to 2.6 million in 2001 and back up to 8.9 million in 2002. When you like your piece, oh please. In radio address in May 1940 during the defense build a part of the West Entry in World War II, President Roosevelt said, our press and emergency in a common sense of the agency make it imperative that no new group or a war of mid-in-air shall come into being in this nation as a result of the struggles abroad. American people will not rest the idea of any mercancid is in growing rich and fat and emergency of blood and slaughter in human suffering. In the same speech Roosevelt also said, we must make sure in all that we do that to be no breakdown or cancellation of any of the great social gains which you made in these past years. We've carried out an offensive on a broad front against social economic inequalities and abuses which had made our society weak. That offensive should not now be broken down by the pinchers moving of those who would use the present needs of physical military defense and destroy it. Six decades later, war mid-in-air's run to country, whether that be vice-president Dick Cheney's all connections to Haliburton, to the 13-point system and in that Lockheed Martin Northrop Grumman, General Dynamics Raytheon, and United Technologies have given political contribution since 2000. Military spending after falling from 320 billion in 1991 to 266 and 1996 as sort of the 400 billion dollar level. As the war mid-in-air's soar using the majestic patriotic mass of eagles to disguise the ugly vulture waiting for a handout. The United States is creating a new definition of friendly fire for the budget broadsides in schools, healthcare and city-and-state services of every kind. 63 years after Roosevelt's speech, a new group of war mid-in-air's came into being both as a result of America's struggles abroad and its abandonment of the struggle at home. What a great column man! How do the marginal reading by me? But a great column by Derek Jessen and yesterday's Boston flow. You need to read that tomorrow earlier. I'm bigger than. Why is that? Because I don't want anybody to miss that word. I need to read that again. Yeah, please, could you? I just tore it in half. I can put it back together. I can download it again. I can speak enough such a beautiful story. Yes? Happy birthday mommy. Is your mommy's birthday? Yeah. And if I don't say that, I'm going to like my her present or something. Oh, what culture to schlep her like you afford to be by mommy? Smoking hard. Oh my god, I'm not worried about it. We from Sunday is Mother's Day. Yes, about month. So you better take care of your mama. Latuia. Huh? We should probably, we don't have that in there. We do we. You got it on that cart. I do. Why mama? Oh, that should be in there. No, no, we don't have time to play. But I'm just saying if I would had it, it should be in here. Yom mama. Not done in here. Don't worry about it. Okay, please don't worry about it. Okay. Because I'm trying to do this on a right like on a timely basis. Our poll today if the next presidential election was being held today, who would you vote for? 5 big rain 170 to just even sure 131 George W. Bush 112 will be 16.8% huh? Hillary Clinton 75 John Kerry 50 Howard Dean 43. Al Sharpton 22 Ralph Nader 19 Dick about 18 after that very very small potatoes. See what I was going. Okay. The middle Eastern world off the deep end. Will be exploded. Should I let people go with the gas that we sold him? First time a crescer nation and the only one that's going. Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil going. Forget about Korean. The nooks there told you that the right queen is drilling it over and over into our head. That a rag has some methods of past destruction. 3000 people who are now forgotten let exploit them instead. Eight there's oil to be caught it going after sent down to Plank Hado Samma there's no longer mention of the name Atlantis but no and see if it's turned all of the incomplete places believe in every word of this cartel administration that controls us by fear for the enemy of the nation and the right queen is drilling it over and over into our heads. And I rag and some weapons of mass destruction. The lost civil rights is the price that we're paying. We're all suspects now not the ice drop is saying I have nothing to hide. Table partners all are saying I know idiot cattle don't have any reservations out of provoking battle at world annihilation over to most walls and have a burden of stuff with no objection at all. Chills are crack no half a fall and the right queen is drilling it over into our parade. I rag has some methods of past destruction only I rag has some methods of past destruction. I feel for myself the partners were real nightmare today thank you so much guys. Bye bye bye. I'm a fat Jew.