Cast down low, we're giving him a taste of the vibrancy with the cracker, barrel in an apple's bees back dead. The Garpent War is one Baghdad. We only go be gone Baghdad. The world is hard, you know, I'll have a lag of deep fried kiddie toes to go. Just like the bad season, one more two. There was a hold on hard for the brass to boost Baghdad. Grab everything you can Baghdad. They won't be doing that again Baghdad. If we want to, war, and say, you know what the rattler's for. You want some water? Well, now it's art. We'll sell you about a four-anomenal chart Baghdad. We've got to stop in Baghdad. I ran it on a big Baghdad. Now, push his gun. Baddy's little boy gets in, he's in, he's in, he's in, he's in, he's in, he's in, he's in, he's in, he's in. Baddy's little boy gets in, he's in, he's in, he's in, he's in. Bakdad... I'll tell you how he is. lunge we got these new email search website. I'll just fill, obviously.ен we will selling the village people. Watch that huge log and we can share some of these things that would hot sever for that opponent.г've been a lot of friends may know. I wish our way of taking these lives, if the one of them deny the appearance of our Conservative union used to run a lot. Dude, he's really not a group. I've never heard of them and falling in a picture. entry for our contest which is good with definitely a hot couple's contest. We got the Darren and what's your name? Darren and Holly. Yes. Two purchase for the price of one. Well you'll pick whichever one you want to stick on there. I know which one you want to stick. But then that's great. So we're starting to make a little bit of progress. You don't tell, you know, it's going to take a while. Let's go and take about two, three years. Right. To get back to the way we were the attended to. Let's have the way we were. Let's sing that. Barbara's Christana, the way we were. His stand-in cross-eyed bitch with her big nose with her crappy attitude. The only reason James Brolin is doing her now is because he's all the same. He's definitely looking much even. He's like when he was younger, he never would have touched her. Yeah. James Brolin. He was a pretty good looking guy. What was he in? Movie. No, but here's the what TV show was he and James Brolin. I forgot. Come on. Are you serious? I do a lot of drugs. Oh, what time was that on? Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing Neil? Great. Yeah, I just called in to say, I don't think a 4-H. He is a gay there. You know, I think he's just a trifectual. He likes to try it. Yeah, he likes to try it at all. Try anything, you know. Oh, and also remember Neil. Remember this always remember we we we rate more. Okay. Well, he was still good after the first part there, you know, and then he tried to like go a little bit too hard. He's got a big hard on. Maybe that's the problem. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Here's the poll today. Which of these you care about most? A lot of votes. Somebody must be out there. 694 votes. And this is the second poll. Keep in mind. Remember the first one that which of these broads do you like? I mean something like that. Which of these do you care about the most? We'll go from the bottom. Sammy Sosa uses a cork bat 13. One-plot 8 percent. A very miniscule number of people care about that. Martha Stewart gets indicted only 20. We know it was coming and screw the rich anyway. We hate her. Is that for Al's real voice? 33. So now we're starting to get to the more important stuff. Well, there really be Middle East peace 81 is George G. 90. When is no getting came? 151. Well, I'll tell you something. He really he can hold his own, you know? And where are the weapons of mass destruction? 304.44 percent of this audience wants to know where the F are those weapons of mass-fing destruction. Where are they? Anybody know? Oh, we're working on them. Here's Jupiter, hello. Yeah, hey, I think we should send that North Carolina COTS that found Rudolph Over to the midies The bottom. Santa momentary rack to look for some weapons, yeah. Oh, the weapon's poop. Oh, maybe Santa momentary is really confined area on other salami sandwich Or maybe Dick James find Dick anywhere where we can find Dick, yeah, and I think the fix is in. I think since ABC is broadcast in the cup The season yeah, the final Then the child doesn't kind of strange that That we got the ducts in the final two on the own by the same company Well, I don't I don't want to drop any names because there's nothing worse than the name dropper, but I was gonna say Yeah, yeah, I think I thought who are we all ever said by the way they've been trying to unload the ducts for a couple of years now ABC and Disney and now all of a sudden eyes are opening up a big mouth about they're gonna win in six I sure yeah If you're I think you're gonna need seven figure. Oh, but I just think the one little strange that Season the ducts make the unboiled will run to the end They happen beyond by the same space Things we go level we'll check it out. We'll put we'll put trial on the case. Thanks. Thanks, Pally How do we ever get an answer from fat boy about that question we had no He's on it though the map he's on it. Yeah, he's on it. I bet he Oh, yeah, you find a mattress that boy's sprawl on it Probably with a goddamn sandwich in each hand. He makes my ice cream story feel it a one significance He could probably polish your off two half gallons in one sitting Well, he I should I should feel honored to be surrounded by so many gigantic blobs of a fat Because there's many sugar problems as much of an additional dive got at least that all way like 600 pounds, okay? At least that I have to be taken on the building with a crane God so what's the story with him? He's working out of the house Right which means what it says dream come true he gets to stay in bed with a phone on his lap and his little or I'm sorry and the And have food brought in and the fat family keeps bringing him food like that guy to was on her wall A who would literally had to remove for with a crane true the roof from his house the 600 bond guy Though they're gonna put a blood cam in there so he can attend the conference meetings over here the QAM sales meetings And he's just Keep it up Pally I'd like that lamus used that screw-in head for the fact that the log is all screw up and they don't know what's going on What it was Jeff high thought a lot I don't blame the screw-in so much because they always like to spring this crap on her You know nobody ever tells you that's probably because nobody wants to go back there smell of her you know Here's Meramar hello Think that was email it to her Meramar Yes, sir Question for you. I think it was on Tuesday you were we talking about Paul Wolfwitz and uh Guess it was with a German newspaper Right isn't I just read the your it's correction on that from the Guardian yesterday They said that they misinterpreted his comment in the arena correction Okay, that's why I never heard any more about it I mean on the news Yeah, because the garden well you wouldn't have heard it on the news anyway. I mean on the American news Forget about the You had to be kidding me. All right because I'm waiting for the impeachment hearing for the gift You know something sir. This is the best call I've had in a long time I mean seriously and not here right to a fact Bob Bob Graham said today his comment was that if it come to find out that they that they Fudged it all about this weapons a nice destruction crap that Bush is gonna have to answer for it Now, she's kind of code for if you like the last impeachment hearing wait to see this one Well, I think we should have a poll sometime maybe next week If it is gonna lose their job first Tony Blair or Tony Blair George W Bush or how are David I like that Good oh my way my wife and this is dog I'm living in dying by the Leaf Well mostly dying lately you got it and they tried to talk spailer They're gonna come back out of our retirement again for next year come back one more year and he said no way Yeah, I think we should bring back Tim Horde what do you think Tim Horde and Carl Brewer be great? You got it. I'm in their palace. Holy so thank you. I'll see you at the the ACC See right up here which is hockey central Toronto in the world is some of you know. I'm sure They're telling you that this is the worst crap they've ever seen what the game is turning into that In fact some of the comms are saying that you go to four on four hockey all the time. That's just over time and I say Yes, that sounds great open up the ice man quit the clutching and the grabbing make it exciting Let's have some seven to six gained let's have some scoring even George you don't care about hockey your sports even He likes to score once every couple of years. Hi, yeah, Paulie Oh And I guess he's comic relief. You know he really is When you got that sales department for people we've had back there over the years he's he's comic relief Well back right are the QAM curve. It's hard to dislike him for a long period of time Well, he won't let you Yeah, that's right in fact he's like one look like a cat you throw it against the wall You shove it out the door and it keeps coming back like that some I totally that story right I don't want to say it again because they'll get to Peter people after me That's a true story though. I was in summer school of Michigan State and I'm an abad haul Which was a girls door. I think they knew something but in the summertime Determined with guys dorm and anyway, so there's a little cat keeps showing up at my doing I made the bad mistake the first day. I fed it something. I don't know and I of course it keeps coming back And I would pick that thing up and I can't say because I've said it before but it's bad I like even against the wall just get out here. I'm trying to take a nap And it just it didn't phase it in the least it would keep coming back and just it loved me Like I guess that's my only pussy story at a pass along, you know Peter Oh, they'll be not good on the door anytime though. This Peter people you did what to a cat while stream on you We're gonna show you a thing or two. Yeah, if I think it's the same cat that one up. I'm always head. I believe Hey, I'll tell you something good for it. That's all you man. I've got some right in the other room I got some old human self. It's hell's for my blood pressure. It's great stuff and they got the the best olive oil in the world inside These little capsules super concentrated Lodos health benefits for you all we made in your system every day can up produce the risk of heart disease in high cholesterol And there are 14 different old human formulas from which to choose each one combining pharmaceutical rate olive oil with vitamins and minerals And herbal support specific health needs from your bones your blood pressure to your immune system and lots more All you do is pick out the formulas that are right for you and what the areas you want to improve and now there are three new Old human formulas want to help you sleep one to help you contribute your weight and sell few ten for your heart So pick some up there. You'll find all your metal over town pick some up at Publits, equards, Walgreens, whole food markets, numerals or sedanos or order all you met online if you like it All you made America dot com if you want information beyond what we just been telling you Comptl free in one eight six six over your men and ask away was no obligation one eight six six six Five three sixty six thirty three don't forget for better health start pop in some Oriomani in your post like Low six is four three I Womers benefits would my career with a life Hey, you want something but you got nothing but I can pull something out of my ass Samoa I got it going I'm starting a business. Oh, no kidding. Yeah, I'm gonna be a hooker Prada my bubble Yeah, sure Oh Hey, what are you trying to add in this one? Oh, I don't know what you're talking about you just took a place to a sleep a fail They're first I think you're more of oh We got him from my deductor what that fact that what that to you? Look my parents moving his fuel my doctor places a mess and my underwear smells like hot balloury I had a hit of my favorite show is all Hey On I've been thinking bad, you want to make me tell her. You know where I'm at. Who's looking at you? I'm telling her, you're kidding. I don't want to break my highly desirable ass. I'm kidding. You're kidding. You're making me think it's good. You're making me think it's good. Have I ever break my ass? Can you make me think it's good? I've been making me think it's good. Take all of your things here. I'm not going to tell you. I'm not going to tell you. Hey, hey, hey, hey. Hey, hey, hey. Oh, I was on radio. I was on radio. Just so fun that the world didn't want to let things. Oh, I can't believe it. The boy, the boy, the boy, the boy. I'm going to have a good day, oh, no. Oh, the boy, the boy. The boy, the boy. I was on the radio. Oh, the boy, the boy. The boy. Oh, you know. The night is starting to stop by. See how you were doing. Oh, that guy died. Oh, this is terrible. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. I'm going to kick his ass and then I'll steal his two-ply. 148-560-WQAM. I want to wish I was Greg and Duffer when it was when it was crying. Horsemeat found in Salami. Food standards. This is in London. Food standards often say they'll have to discover consumers were unwittingly eating horsemeat. The food standards agency and independent food safety watchers said it would test more than 100 Salamis. Another processed meat's act in formal survey earlier this year found out three of the 24-price test to contain horsemeat was enough and it third is an ingredient. Of the three-price product spot to contain horsemeat, two came from Belgium and a third from Italy. Hmm. We don't know the, I wonder if in Rico Belydro that horse in the fourth race, the one from Italy? You know, in Rico Belydro? Huh? But we don't know yet the scale of the problem we want to find out to the agencies had a food labeling. Rosemary, Ignette, some people made prefer not to eat these products even though food safety is not the issue when they're often traditional recipes. Food standards often say they would also conduct test to find out if any products contained. Donkey me. Oh, God. I think it said local councils across Britain would collect samples of meat, including Fistrami and chorizo from Supermarkets that are the next few months. Oh, chorizo, you know, that's that Argentinian sausage, right? It's just Spanish for sausage. Oh, I love that. I had the seminar that was one of the few good things I had in Amsterdam, one of the few good sausages. chorizo, I never had that before, you ever have it? Oh, yeah. Pretty good. Yeah. Pretty tasty. Pretty spicy. Only they give you like little, I don't know, because it's so spicy is that little of tiny portions. There's different different kinds. Like a little small weiner. They said, here you go. Here's something you can relate to. We have a winner. I said, guess what? I'm not coming back. You assholes. Toss the leaf. Stick it. The guy who called before he gave me the pool for a tomorrow. We haven't finished it yet, but who should lose his job first? I've got four choruses already. George W. Bush, Tony Blair, Donald Rumsfield, or Mohour David. And we'll let it some more on there. The neck rate? Excellent. I think that's a good pool. Something we ain't never done before. And speaking of the boat, don't forget to go on our website today. Not only vote on the pool, but also take a look at that award-winning picture of Mohour on all foes. It's a beautiful thing. What I'd say Mohour practice makes perfect. Here's Voka, hello. Voka. Hello. Yes sir. Oh, I'm on 90th line. It's on here. I, first of all, Markets Welbe, that's what James Bro and him is on. He's even about 30 years ago. That was a TV show. Right. I call about there. You're messing up the, I thought they'd say him. I just finished the book by my name, Schlauster. Merit Schlauster. Right. Like, a little underground economy. Did you read that? What do you know? It's about three sections. One section. The first section is about pot-of-hot walls and egg-rosan. Well, the board is mentioned in several times. It's a very current book. One of the cool things about it is that many of the men that come on to try to put a couple years ago that were trying to pander for the stiff pot-laws. After their kids got busted, they even mentioned staying some people there by far, not Bob Barber, another one of the Centaur's in the hammer. But his kid got busted after saying, we have to put these people who pedal equations to our children and jail forever. His kid, one of the kids got busted, carrying 40 pounds of pot-of-hot to concentrate. So this guy shows up as a congressman, shows up as important kid etiquette. The kid admits that he had taken a part of taking 3,000 pounds across. They ended up giving him only two years, they said they wouldn't give him that much. But the violators is bailed three times by doing cocaine. So Bob and the congressman said, cleaning people with a judge in here is saying, he's such a good boy. He's a good boy. He hasn't been a good boy. He didn't really need it, but he pleased me. He never says that. Yeah, well, that's fair. Exactly. And then he's the hypocrisy of the whole BS involved. Yeah, the other thing I want to mention, the other book that's, so this is a book on the New York Times, Don Fiction Bestseller, let's write now. It's the guy that writes for the Guardian. That's, man, I forget his name, start with a P. He's about number six or seven on the list. He writes about the Bush Senior and how after Bush Senior going out of the office house, like the old Bin and Colorado, the biggest one in the world, now they gave George Senior a bold of money to help Bush the Canadian and the Canadian of the Bush family. They put a percent sensor anchor and it shows all the payoffs that the Bush family has gotten over the years. This guy is a, I think it's draw to either the observer. He's giving him my driver's fist to you. No, no, as they mean, like, plot to something like that. He's got a deal with the, he looked at the top 10 this week in the book review. You'll see it. It's, I think, I, they really have to drive in slips on my mind. I get some trouble if I can remember a partners well. There you go. We need to hold them over and we're in a time war, like, for granted. Okay, I look around. Okay, I look around. I can't go. I'll be so fine. Thanks. 153 at 560 WQAN. And low. This is for tree of I-60. What do you do, man? Oh! From the producers of the I-Mac War, all waffle it said, Carl Role presents Bush 911. Our fearless hero, sorry Robert Duval, as Carl Role. I think the power's a funer clock this morning. And now gets it, as our glorious heaven fearlessly there for life. Those bastards, to the kids I'll reach home at another time. And I'll pick my face blue. You're also fine for me to leave its action. Stop right there, you will do us? You too late, O'Glory, as we are. The buildings are now. They're not old. Jump from, wait for, until those ankles there was a growth of justice. All the facts said every detail, carefully calculated to keep you of news. Bush 911. Our fearless hero, only on showtime. One fifty seven and five sixty W.C.M. Eddog 2 to four here's a lady in sunrise. Hello. Yes, man. I have a good so let's see more Hoffman film for you. Okay. It's called Love Lives, or have you seen that one? No. Oh, this is it's very intense. He becomes a hover. He starts sniffing gasoline after his wife passed away. Is there any other Hoffman film? It's just this beer. It's like a record in the nightway. Oh, brother. Yeah. But check it. Did you see Magnolia? Yeah, I did. I liked it. I liked it. I liked it. I liked it. George, this is a funny thing. He said he said there were too many loose ends. No, no. I liked the ending. Because that's my life is. Yeah, just the message of the movie is that a bunch of weird crap happens. That's all. I mean, what's the point of going to each one of the nine different story lines in like having to wrap them all up? We get the message. And there's really nothing redeeming about it except, you know, sometimes life sucks. Right, exactly. And sometimes, frauds fall out of the sky. Thanks. Okay. That would be great. Anyway, the poll today. This was a pretty interesting show. We were like all over the place. I enjoyed this today immensely, didn't you? It was okay. It was a little spastic corner and I was okay. It was four hours. It was four hours. You were taking a couple of minutes. I thought it was just fine. I read the brand greasy story out of the hero. I read it, which I don't want to talk about because it's a sports thing. But money is the issue, which is very sad. The compensation package. You see that boner boy? Well, not this story, but I know that was the bone of contention was the, I just nauseating. You know, kid, I could all have money who's got marginal talent at best. Get another chance right there in his, a screw. It's great, Brian. 750 votes on a poll. So which of these do you care about most? Where the weapons of mass destruction, 3134% Where do they? We want to know, Mo. I'll speak to that one. When is Mo getting canned? 156, one and no. It's George G. 96. Where the, will there really be Middle East peace 93? Is that for real, voice 37? Martha Stewart gets invited 22. And it pleases me more than I can begin to tell you. In last place, the least amount of interest by far. 14 people, 1.8% of a flying craft of other salmon used to cork bat or not. Bye bye, bye. You're a loser, show on five. You're the only two way out of my own for learning. He prefers the company of men.