Thanks for the support of this pleasure. Are you sure I'm better than that you won't be leaving? What did they give my life to? And I didn't say what all I'm so, what to do. Oh, thank you. You know, they were gonna, oh, get screwed. I don't want it, Chair. April 15, huh? Everybody worried about it? No, man. I've got a lot of stuff. I've got a heavy duty to play today, man. I'm not gonna be able to get an impact on our website today is a must. There are what, 7,500 stories on the website today? Just about, at least. Good stuff. Each one demands a reading. Okay, by people to want to know what else going on. In fact, I will say this. If you really want to have any idea what's going on in the world, the internet's a place to find it. Not just our website. That's where you'll find it. Right. About the talking hidden, that works you won't find it there. And of course, in the Tucson Photo Fish Rapper, the website is crap and a lot of stupid ads. And where did I start today? I guess I'll get the result from yesterday's poll. And then there was an interesting facts that came in right at the end. There were two interesting facts. Is the truth when showing a protest demonstration? And a woman is holding up a big, big sign. It says bombing for pieces like Fing for virginity. Bombing for pieces like screwing for virginity is what she said. I think she's got a good point. Look at my down with. Also, somebody, if facts just right at the end of yesterday, show it to the results of today's poll. How about those red wings? Oh, man. Are you phony, Detroit? What do we in fans in South Florida? Three zipped their data and a hand of mighty ducks? Brian Marie's mighty ducks. Leaves it over time last night. A pretty damn exciting game. And out of what? Well, you want to do it. Let's do hockey talk. All right. I'll talk in the evening. Oh, sorry. The results of today's poll are quite telling. So somebody yesterday is in frightening. Frightening. Just seeing the low level importance placed on the thousands of dead and wounded people indicates a growing sickness in our great American society. And you are. Absolutely correct. A life has become just a statistic has become almost meaningless human life. Just a damn game to them. It says entertainment is at its lowest level. Please tell me the audience is only in anomaly in a bigger picture. Well, the answer that is, no, it's not. Signed anonymous is not to be chronic. Well, sorry, but that's just the way it is. And here's the final result of the poll as of a moment ago. 1331 votes not to Shabby, which are these things where you remember most about the Iraq attack. The biased reporting cheerleading by our media. 372 votes. I was number one with almost 28%. And that's a good choice to me that would have been the second choice. The Iraqi information's ministers daily comedy, 230 or 145 votes. The great job by our military, 220. The thousands of dead and wounded people comes in a distant fourth with 23 votes. Turing down the statues of Sodom, 182 votes. The looting in chaos 54, rescue the POWs 35. And the Sodom doubles doing those really entertaining photo opportunities only 25 out of over 1300. 4th place, the thousands of dead and wounded people. All those pictures of the, I don't want to go in with. And one talking about. You know the ones that are still on our website. They may be looking at those yesterday too. And and their gruesome that it's disturbing. And he would say just a little slice of what it's really all about is in sliced up bodies. And today, you know, it's better than the us like that one asshole said, Well, if it isn't going to be them, it's going to be our babies. Right. We'll get to that way. What you want to really get the press that'll be later on. Yes, sure. The latest poll from CBS in New York, whoever they do their poll with CBS news. Oh, brother. And I have a story here. By Mark Mark Koppelos from the of Chapel Hill News, North Carolina, your favorite state. Right. Second village voices by Mark Mark Koppelos, mediafainted this. It's everything I'm. I read it a hundred times today or least, maybe not a hundred Middle East. Oh, I've heard a man. I have that here. So you have to play it there. I have that. My DCS. This, this says it all. I mean, it's the best thing I've read. And it's very short. There are a couple of pages, but it's perfect. Shoplift your fleas store with DVD leaves baby dotter behind and beneath the springs. Only in Florida, man. Yeah, but which DVD was it? A man? No, not a player. Oh, he was going to win or just steal a DVD and leave his could behind. A man accused of shoplifting a DVD player. May have fled authorities at a target store, but he just brings. But he did leave behind something during the escape. His baby daughter. Oh, right. There's a thought for a George. What kind of DVD player? Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Real good one. The man stopped at the store Monday afternoon after being taped on a security camera, taking the device leak out his your activity. Tom Cuntino said, but before it could be a rest of, he hauled ass. He took off Cuntino said. I like called ass better. And he hauled off the DVD player too. So, so, you know, we took it down the hall. So several target employees took turns changing the baby's diapers and feeding her with a bottle. While deputy search for a mother, storm manager Lauren Hensley said. She's a beautiful little girl, Hensley said. The father left behind a baby bag, which contained a doctor's bill that happy he's used to track down the mother. At the mother picked up the healthy girl he added. The families I did these had not been released early today. And official for still searching for the man. He's wandering on charges of shoplifting and felony child neglect. If convicted faces the maximum penalty more than five years in prison. But he just brings his. We all certainly know is about 15 miles north of the Anxious Naples area. Onions. It would have been the Naples. Sure. Home of a bee's the broadcasting. That's just one more reason to stay in the hallway from there. This right here. Is Syria next on the US hit list. Now, did you ever actually send me the facts? I don't think you sent it to me. The one that from this morning though. No. I already have a story. I'm way ahead of that guy. But thank you anyway. See, are there behind the administration? All of this gold digging and oil digging and oil drilling. And if Syria next on the US hit list, this is from the Hindustan time. Is by the way. Israel's infrastructure's Minister Joseph Perinsky is ordered an assessment of the condition of an old pipeline of the city of Haifa from Mosul and Iraq. The influential Israeli daily harrots has reported that the pipeline which used to provide Haifa and now in Israel with oil until 1948 passes through. And on Sunday that was holding chemical weapons. The report gains great significance. Syria might well be next on the US at list where a regime change. The purpose being to restart the defunct Mosul to Haifa pipeline and solve Israel's oil needs. Oh, hey. After the Iraq war after all, it might prove to be just the first tap. It says in the Iraq war, it might prove to be just the first tap in this project. The Minister's order of assessing the Pipelines Commission shows that Israel is reasonably sure it will be able to use it again and soon. The Pipeline would save Israel millions of dollars a currently spends to buy oil from Russia. It'll help the US diversify its own supplies of oil. The Pipeline was close to the formation of Israel and was redirected to Syria. There have been several attempts since to restart their flow to Haifa. The daily says, a participant in one such attempting the mid 1980s was Donald Rumsfeld. Then an advisory US President Ronald Reagan now secretary defense who instigated and led the war on Iraq. How do you like that? Here's also by the way the one that's rattling the spirit of alcohol in the Syria, which we also have that little later on. But all attempts have failed as the governments in both Iraq and Syria have remained antagonized Israel because of the anti-Palestinian violence. The only way out was a regime change in both countries with son of Hussein falling the job now is only half done. How do you like that? Oil Pipelines. First we had the oil pipeline to through Afghanistan that didn't work out because of the Taliban that changed their plans because of the Taliban man. Now we've got to worry about what's going on in Iraq and thank goodness all the oil fields are under Allied control. And now we've got to worry about that pipeline in the area. I've heard that oil back to Israel. It looks to be like the bridge, the Americans and the Israelis are all in bed together as what it's all about. Do not look quite in the blue. I want to like to you. Don't forget the Australians. Nah, they're small potatoes. They're down under man. They're way down. They know. Seriously. Watch a queen. Hey, join the big. The chapter noon noon to two as for the McDonald's tax relief day at 62-04 Miramar Parkway just west of 441. I want to get one more for just a cent for a penny and the big goes providing the pennies. Okay, he's going to split up his paycheck. Plus while they last to Permarlin's tickets to, it's the McDonald's tax relief day with a big o. On Miramar Parkway west of 441 noon to two today. Next grade? I can't wait. Go to McDonald's and can you imagine the incredible indigestion you can get for like a pit and so? And the big goes going to keep tossing the pennies pennies from a fat guy. Let me do the break because I want to read this. I don't want to do a lot of reading. We got a cute poll today. It's not serious. It's not heavy duty because Zidin calls on it. That's said are a lot of super cramming good stuff. No, I got a lot of important stuff here today. We're going to save the world on this show. They released it. We'll go the property. Somebody's got to give it a shot. Right, Randy? Yeah. Look at that. A distant third place. The thousands of wounded and murdered people. A distant fourth place. I'm sorry. We only had seven choices on air. Eight whatever was an accumulated distant fourth. We don't care about that crap. Okay, nothing. You can say is going to make us care about it. It's them against us. It's the good people against the bad people. And better than than us in Yadiyani. Right? Where is that Yadiyani? Uh-oh. Which I had been saying that for years till that we did that pull about stupid annoying phrases and expressions. Yeah. So to be honest with you. 11 past nine at five sixty WM on tax day two thousand three man. It birds us singing. It's going to be 81. Anyone. Twenty seven Celsius and surrounded. The sun is shining. It is beautiful. Isn't it incredible? It's been a great the old record. Break the old record by a long shot by a mile. Anyway, if your stomach looks like it's about a mile across. Here's the answer for your balance for life. You can lose that way. The easy painless delicious way would balance for life because they do all the work for you. Don't have to sit down and try to rattle your brain and figure out what you're going to buy when you go to the supermarket. In fact, you don't have to go to the market at all. There's no shopping, no cooking, no cleaning, no hassles, no calorie counting, no carb counting. Just delicious fresh food in your little black sack. And balance for life. The live is your black sack to your dough every morning by six o'clock at a.m. And inside your sack is all the food you'll need to keep you really full and satisfy all day long three gourmet meals and two delicious snacks five meals five feedings. And like I said, even the hungrist of the hungry like the beast will be satisfied and you really be happy because the food is fresh and delicious. Nothing frozen, no artificial ingredients, no preservatives, no crap. Just fresh delicious, great food. You get two choices for each meal every day that's run a program. The beast has lost over 60 pounds and you can probably do even better net if you're one of those big tubs. Or if you have maybe 10 or 20 pounds to lose, you can lose it no time at all the delicious way with balance for life. Call them today and check this out. Call 9-5-4-5-6-832-29. It's the painless way to really lose that weight and look and feel better. 9-5-4-5-6-832-29 or visit their website at balanceforlife.com. My life is for real by 60. Anyway, yeah. Oh, let me first eat those. It's not sweat. My brains that I know why the headache so is coming around tax time. Keep that in mind, got to fill in the lines and get it in on time. Oh, I know tax forms of a pain effect and fill in the mouth, man, and really fix it. I'm doing all this and they can take the pain. You take half away, it's so unreal. But if I didn't know, I'm gonna make your top pencil and never send those wrong down my receipts. Who's on the gold now? Well, I'll never get into this at such a thing. I don't know if you're gonna cry, you don't cry. I don't know if they'll cry, but I'm gonna cry. I'm gonna start the fun of you to me, just because it's a re-escal deficit. Try it so hard and get far. But in the end, someone will fix this matter. They too go, good after all. In the end, they want it to be better. Now, what is this, say that you just asked me, I'm a huliah from Watt from DR. I assume Dominican Republic. Did you say, oh, are you public opinion, can you? So I guess that I'm the list. So are you George next to the fact that you used to black the non-Christians? Are there good stuff? Is live and operating in the bush administration now? Run for the hills. So are you a McGill and also a Bina Boy left out? Oh, big yellow professional achievement. That's right. That's right. They're gonna come and get your ass and the gut only knows what they'll do with it. They'll come and grab McGill's lullaby white ass. Look at this. Now, don't send me all the rest of this. Are you crazy? Well, that's why. Just let you the first page of it. The article. No, no, this is good. So I said, send me the rest. Well, I'm gonna take a look at it first. Exactly. It says over the past 18 months, the US government's bought access to data on hundreds of millions of residents in Temberton American countries, apparently without their consent or knowledge, allowing me read federal agencies to track borders ending and living in the US. Audit Andrew Sletino's baby. Look out. Exactly. Now, can I get to my most important story of the century? Can there is one local reference in here, but just overlook it. Don't let that, you know, sure you from the importance of this. This is from last Friday's Chapel Hill News newspaper, village voices by Mark Mark Coplas is the writer of the column. He's a builder living in Orange County. Now, is there an Orange County North Carolina? Is this Orange County, California? I don't know. I would have some California. Oh, Florida. There's an Orange County, Florida. My, no, that's a Orlando. I mean, what does that mean? Jesus. This one. There's an Orange County floor. He is there a date County Florida? No, it's my, me date. Oh, right. He's you guys. Man, no, it's picking nitpicking anyways called village voices. I'm telling you, this is too important to dig around with, okay? I'll get to it. See, there he goes again, Carlos. He says it's reported in more than half of Americans believe that Saddam Hussein is responsible for the terrorist attacks of 9.11. This means that the U.S. media have utterly spectacularly, shamply and pathetically failed. That's totally correct. One of the most interesting aspects of this war has been the overall superiority of the Internet as a source of news. In many cases, of course, this actually means access to news reports from all of the world's media except the U.S. Do the majority of the world citizens who oppose the war really just hate freedom or are they getting better information? And anyway, without the Internet, we are toothed the pride. In one sense, the U.S. mainstream media has proved their total irrelevance is an accurate information source, tragically it's worse than that. They have proved that they have neither the professional journalists integrity nor the individual ethical foundation to resist being enlisted to support a war that they have all people are aware is based on lies. First off, all you war drum beaters and troop supporters out there, send in your outrage letters. All I ask is that you provide a shred of re-elevidence of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq, or tell the readers that the Bushkeball didn't lie about the Ford documents, purporting to prove her rack had a nuclear program, or the plagiarized California grad student's thesis that coal and powl claim came from unanticipable sources, or the aluminum tubes that nobody in the world considered evidence of nuclear weapons construction, not even the Pentagon fundamentalists who cynically put forth his nonsense. I urge you to write, but spare me the sanctimonious unpatriotic smearing and give me some facts. And please don't play the support the trips the troops wait and switch game, the carburebord of Alderman got snucked into that one even going as far as to say they wanted the troops to have, although logistical support they needed to complete their jobs, translation, not that you're stuck fighting a war that we already understand to be illegal and unnecessary, we will stand by quietly while you kill thousands of Iraqis, not only young men and boys in the Iraqi Army, but more than a thousand innocent people. And won many thousands more, including young children their arms blown off or blinded by shrapnel, and will stand by quietly while you die, get wounded or psychologically warped. Supporting the troops apparently does not include opposing news of Eccled uranium shells that ruined the lives of tens of thousands of Gulf Warfets, and will do the same disco around with Berlia mentioned in the media, those who intend on supporting the war for to the expensive authentic journalism, not to mention the hellish experience of war itself. Vetter and Warcourse bought in Chris Hedge's recently wrote an essay Decrying the censorship, as kept the images of the two-face of wars destruction of the American living rooms. If we saw the deep psychological scars of slaughter, the way it memes and stunts those who participate more for the rest of our their lives, we would keep our children away. Reporting the troops also apparently doesn't apply the media that have glossed over ignored the lies in bribery that gled the groundwork for this invasion. How absurd that the mother of Eccled soldier was heard to say on the radio that her boy died to protect Salt Lake City where she lived. What did he die for? Put project for a new American century in your search engine. The late 90s think tank membership reads like the Iraqi war chicken hawk roster, wolf awaits Pearl Cheney Abrams jet bush and more. It's a simple doctor they crafted, enlarged US power and resource control by expanding the military, choosing a conflict that would result in a quick win and an impressive shore force for the rest of the world, Iraq was singled out by them as the preferred country, and then continue on to invade in other countries with Egypt and Saudi Arabia mentioned in order to gain control of the Middle East specifically. Did we really think the world's most incredible military machine would not inevitably attract the type of an I call people that throughout human history have always been attracted to positions of enormous power? Do we think that these people, even though they exhibit the same disrespect for the truth, the same propensity for self-aggrandizement, the same content for democracy and freedom as petty power grabbers through the ages are somehow more trustworthy because they are Americans? Here's a quote from one of the most powerful people in the world today, Richard Pearl, post-advise to Bush who is also known in Washington is the Prince of Darkness. If we let our vision of the world go forth and we embrace it entirely, and we don't try to piece together clever diplomacy but just waged total war, our children will sing great songs about us years from now. How do you like that? That's freaking chilling. Yeah. This is the best article that I've read and probably most to have any remember which website maybe it was Lynn I don't know who where I found this. You should read that once an hour. I, that's what I was thinking before the show today because it sums up in a nutshell. It's not too long. Right? Took me three or four minutes to read it. But that's what it's all about right there. And if you choose not to believe it, you're your living and dream world. We told you about Pina, the project for the New American Century and the fact that this attack on Iraq was decided long before 9.11. But boy, what a masterful job these little things have done in convincing the uneducated, uninformed American public. Of course, with the, like I said, along could never have done it without the media, right? What the, the willing an enthusiastic support of the cheerlemy American media. So maybe it's no coincidence that they did one our polio yesterday. That's a thing to remember most about all this was the biased cheerleading reporting by the, and MSNBC is still showing the bulletin board. Yeah, the bulletin board. Here's a picture of Joe Smith from two people on Mississippi. Yeah. Well, what the hell does that mean? What what does that mean? What does that have to happen? And by the way, they're very upset about general J. Garner speaking of Orange County in Orlando, Florida. They're very pissed off all the Iraqi, the, the Democratic opposition to Sodom who were supposed to be forging his new government with. Yeah. They were, they showed thousands of them this morning, just foaming it to mouth, ranting and raving and demonstrating against this. Yeah, well, who the hell are they? That's right. Bunch of laundry heads, you're right. You're right. I should read that one time. She just read it over and over again. Put it on the, and the slope. Let's get today is pulled a little less serious when I want to get too heavy duty. Do we? No. No. Not at all. Because I'm not going to change any minds of any opinions. You will find that on our website today along with about 600 other really important bedtime stories on your rages.com. Also, our polio today, which we're going to build during the show. This will give you, yeah, real simple. Don't you think? Sure. Of course. Well, you know, as well as I did. It should be simple, but they don't listen to the question. Right. I got because little even died Friday, poor little Eva 19, but wishing she was 59 was 1959. That's old enough. Little Eva boy from locomotion fame. And also there was another star song that she did with the, I think it was with the cookies. I said, don't say nothing bad about my baby and there was a song called Chains. Okay. That was her hit with little Eva in the cookies. See, these people are right to buy. Oh, is there? They're not all farce like me. Don't remember who was the best all-time recording artist who was not a big star. Now, let me say not a big star that that's subjective. And obviously, we, the three of us will make a decision. But he being a boy won't be making too much of a decision because what does he know before like 1996, you know, right. You may need to spend an hour explaining the criteria. Okay. That's a good time. No, seriously. I think it's pretty. Well, let me get the list we got so far. Little Eva, restaurant piece, Carl Perkins, restaurant p-light. Curtis Lee, pretty. And this isn't one hit wonder. We've done that before. They had one hit on a whole bunch. But not big stars like Elvis and like the doors. You know what I'm saying? I understand it. You understand it. We all understand it. It's fairly simple. Somebody was like a lesser life, but somebody really loved it was your favorite all-time recording artist who was in the big star. Anybody can say, oh, the Beatles were the best of the doors or Elvis or, you know, Elton John. Little Eva Carl Perkins, Curtis Lee and Tade Bush is George's choice. Everything would George always comes back to Bush. Except, yeah, except politics at them. And my case is that politics and medicine and and those. I get your share. Okay. So on your baby. That's right. Anyway, with great relish or villains. Watch out for that mustard game. I'll use a freedom friend. On the in the national post in the right wing national post this morning here. Look at this Middle East weapon stockpiles. Guess who's got by far in the Middle East. The most dangerous stockpile of weapons of mass destruction. I don't want to say. Oh, 100 to 200 nuclear warheads. Yeah. And of course, they've got the capability of delivering them. But they would never, you know, like occupy or shot out. 27 past nine at five 60 WQM. If your bald spot is getting to you guys. If you realize that it makes you look older and you start to think maybe you're a little bit like mole. Not nobody's that old. But you start to look like that. Now here's the answer for. You don't put on a certain looking piece like he does. Get yourself a great look in natural looking head of hair. I look better and younger. Then you ever thought you could again. With a natural hairline system from I want an old a good buddy. Charles Alfieri. Or something to you want an only. He's been around doing it for over 25 years for guys with a mid-in-airs or slutpers like Carlos or in between because no matter how much cash you've got, you can't get anywhere at any price. A better looking head of hair. So get rid of that bald spot forever and get you some real great look in here that looks like it's run out of your scalp. That's the key. And you have nothing to lose but the ugly shiny bald spot because everybody gets Charlie's 30-day guarantee after 30 days if you don't love the way it looks and feels. If you're not getting hit 15 20 30 times a day, Charlie give you a full refund. No questions asked. Be sure to mention my name when you call because you'll get next to 200 bucks off the regular price. When you mention you'll afford to call. Here's that toll free number. 1-800-3212413. These days everybody in the world is trying to pay the hair and all kinds of pills and crap and a quack rig. This is for real. This is the MS. Call today and get you hair back and look great. 1-800-3212413 or check them out about a wicked worldwide web at Charles Alfieri.com. And look, this is for 20-5-6. You're way too way ham. You fudge back him? Here. Come on, come on, come on, come on, now taxi me babe. Uncle San Pedro, I'm holding that I've been. And while you're at it for the baby. Two out and so, two in jewelry. Just pay my first one baby. Now I'm taking these Dutch arms. Now he old in game. We're done. 1-800-3212413. Just a main pose, really soft his. The IRS. Come on, come on, come on, now taxi me babe. Tax my dog, tax my freaking to pay. Tax my patience, tax my sanity. Get it on, go to the news anyway. All I get will 15th of that day. 9.32 is here, what do you want her 9.15? You're with it, right to check. Okay, let's get, we're going to the screen of Sonnis, because Bean and Boys got about 400 stories that he's got to put on a website. So we'll just screen of Sonnis thing today. And I look at the phone, man. Is that live up or what? I can sit. It was the best all-time recording artist who was not a big star. And we only put like four months to give the audience a chance to like fill the list up, right? Right? 5-6-705-60. 5-60 on a AT&T. Oh, one other thing before I do that. Ben Russell writes in the UK independent newspaper in article US1, Siri not to provide him for one hit or a wreck. Although it'll get too nervous about the Siri business, because there's another article from today's Guardian in England, Bush veto is Siri or War Plan. And the essence of the article I'm not going to read is that Rumsfeld had it all set up and already to go on the drawing board, and because of the fact that they got their hands full, would Afghanistan and Iraq now, and try to put the pieces back together, and we got an election about a year and a half away. The Bush mic just says, I don't think so, not yet. It wouldn't be expedient at this time as Bob Green would say. US1 Siri not to provide Haven for one of the rackies is this article, but in the end of the article of quotes, Lawrence Eagle Burger, who was the Secretary of State under Bush senior under Papa Bush. And this is what Lawrence Eagle Burger said. If George Bush Jr. George W. decided he was going to turn the troops loose on Siri and Iran after that, he would last an office for about 15 minutes. In fact, if President Bush were to try that now, even I think he would, let me try it again, in fact, if President Bush were to try that now, I think he would, I'll see the rest of this is chopped off. Damn it. I'll fail to me read it from inside the article. Okay? All right. If he was, we're to try that now, even I think he would ought to be impeached. You can't get away with that sort of thing in this democracy. I think they left the word out. But anyway, you get the essence of it. Lawrence Eagle Burger was the Secretary of State under Papa Bush, says he would try that now. He ought to be impeached in fading Siri or Iran or and both. How do you like that? This is some kind of a pick-alible fact. This is the guy this big fat guy with a glass of we've seen in many times on TV with a fat paste. Who says he ought to be impeached if he tries that? He would last an office 15 minutes. I guess he doesn't understand the gullibility of the American public and the willingness, the desperation of the media to just suck up and go along and, you know, look at this, they got all of this stuff. Yeah, they do. In fact, I'll tell you what they got. They've got huge stocks of Siri and mustard gas and Vx. They've got research and care development capabilities and that's a range of 500 kilometers, which is 300 miles. But then all of countries that region have got all kinds of Egypt stocks of mustard gas near mages, a small scale, a scale, a scale capability, small smell. Iran, two new reactors of booster development stockpiles of nerve blister and blood agents, maybe they even got some of that mustard gas, blister agents from two much, or goldens. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line QAM hello. Yes sir, yes. I was on late-twenty. Conway Twitty was okay. He wasn't a big star. That's kind of y'all who he's but, yeah, that really is very eye-whoish. But he was good. And don't forget it's only make believe. This is true. Okay. Thank you so much. That's a really confident pull that I thought this would go over big. It's a little bit of a change. It's something, you know, we want to dwell on this depression, everything. What is that Mike weird that Canadian won the masters? Even through the lean. Oh, God. The introduced to me before to start the hockey game. My son thought they were going to share the reactors down here to your Canada center. I'm going to use this golf all four papers here at Toronto yesterday on a front page full color pictures of Mike where he wanted to golf term or what is green jacket. Something wrong with this world. I guess you haven't noticed. 560, 560, WDQIM. Hey. Yes sir. I've got Gordon Lightfoot. You really like Gordon Lightfoot? Well, I think he was a non big star who did around for me. Let me repeat the question again. Okay. I don't want to influence him. Now listen to me. Who was the best all time recording artists who was not a big star? Would you say he was the best? Who was not a big star? I thought he'd get you. No. Okay. Thanks. That was easy. So. Thank you sir. Nice try. But I was see if I could just convince you on interview. I had like 15 minutes of the cycle. That's right. That was a piece of cake. I guess he just suck on up because Gordon Lightfoot is Canadian. And he's still alive. Right. I mean that's the news. 456. 455. What? He never stole a freight train or sink a ship. Anything again Carlisce. You know what I said? That would have been a bucket. I said. WQIM. Me and what's up? Yes sir. How you be? Great. Was that his call weight? No. That was just. No. I think he had his name. I think he had his call weight. Don't be so negative. Okay. And I got to call yesterday was right. George is so damn negative. God. WQIM. Yes sir. About Jim Crochi. Well now let's see. That's the bed of all things Jim Crochi was. Well very well known. How do I have a lot of hits? Yeah. He was pretty big. He was great. But look at my. Thank you. Thanks. How did he stay with too big? Great. So big star doesn't mean like Elvis Presley and the Beatles. I mean big star means like you have more than one hit. Right. And he had a whole bunch of hit. Great. Well known. Yeah. And he died an early age and had playing crash and we're very sorry about that. And he's trying to call the operator but she was busy. And he was great. Love Jim Crochi. In fact somewhere there you got a whole bunch of Jim Crochi stuff with us. Sit right there. Don't take it out though. Okay. I want to start playing music again. That's when they really get nervous when we start playing music on edge. This show they've hand moves. You can hear the sounds of the clattering footsteps. They race to the doors. They heaved their radios in the guy named Nearest Body of Water. Even in the turlet. There they go. WQAM. Yeah. Good morning. How you doing? Yes sir. When is this? You know it's funny. One of these days. These Americans people are going to wake up and look. When exactly. Yeah. Yeah. He makes me wonder. Well Mark it on a calendar. You know here we had a coup de Tau. The state of Florida was the pivotal state. Right. It just so happened that the president's brother wrote the pack of the Americano was one of the authors. And here we have his state is the one that's a pivotal state. Right. I mean this whole thing started in 1991 just like he said. And don't forget it was their people on a Supreme Court who decided, Oh we don't want to cut any more votes. Exactly. They had to get their guy in there. Right. What happened? By hooker by Crook they're coming to him. They went after Clinton because they had to discredit him as well as the Democratic Party so that they could do this. And now they're talking about going after Syria and Iraq. I mean when are the American people going to wake up? But unfortunately we've got a media that like they're saying is running around cheerleading. Anyway I appreciate it. Neil I'm listening every day. Thanks Paul. Good luck here. Thanks. Bye. 560560. Wow. 560 on the AT&T in Verizon. What do you say throwing rocks at Randy? Is that what he said? Something. Sure that's what he said. WQAM. Morning. Yes sir. How are you doing Neil? I'm doing great. Great. Love your show man. Thanks for the voice of the reason and I hope people in this country wake up fast. So I don't think it's going to happen. How about Frank's App for the Paul? Frank's App was a marginal recording artist? Oh brilliant. He's brilliant. No no I'm not questioning was he brilliant. I'm saying what do you say George? He wasn't a big star. Okay. Okay. Okay. I don't want to. You got him in. Thanks. Thanks. Frank's App. Dr. McWewner play Bobby Brown. Good. Good. Huh? Yeah. And then also the what's the what about the well. Good. The one that I'm always playing about little little little video. Oh yeah. Little video. I just know little. Yeah just a little bit of that. And I know that's some Frank's App assignment. It's a take off on but I don't know that again for that word. Yeah. Let's do that and I will just play it over and over again. Then I'll read that other story in between over and over. And then it'll take us right up to one o'clock. What the other that I do with that story? That's right. You sent me this other all the other good stuff about village village voices. If you only read one story on our website today. Village voices by Mark Mark Coppolis and the Chapel Hill news. I'm going to read it again. Don't let me forget. Okay. And again and again and again. It's all right there. There's nothing complicated about it. And then of course combine that with a thing about the the oil pipeline. The oil pipeline through Syria. What did I tell you long ago and I don't know squad. Okay. All I do is try to read stuff on the inventory. If you books. Oh, I L M O N E W A N E Y N E I L A rest of it is a window dressing. That's all to dog and pony show. And when you hear the results of this pull that CBS news took you're the story. You're arms up and what's the use? You know let's do this stuff with the songs with the silly songs and recording artists. Because the rest of the stuff ain't going to change anybody. Half of the people still believe this crap. That's the wreckies were involved in 911 and above and above and above and above and if you forgot 911. Don't forget what they said. You don't try to sell new products in the dog days of summer as they said in August of 2002 last year. And then when was the anniversary 911 of last year? The one year anniversary. That's when they decided to try out this new business about going after these rogue countries with their weapons of mass destruction. Right. 941 at 560 W come out at the summer. It's really productive for you. That's only a man. I'm popping at my pussy. I would you believe my blood sugar this what my blood pressure. I'm sorry. 128 over 81. I'm going to put on the load that means that's before I even took my pills. I mean, I'm pretty I have a feeling I'm going to be able to throw away my blood pressure pills pretty soon. All you made makes different products for different aspects of your health. They're easy to take soft gel capsules and contain the finest olive oil on a face of the globe. That's super cool. I'll kind of help benefits for you. Pop an oligomide in your pussy. Be taken up produce the risk of heart disease high cholesterol and there are 14 different oligomide formulas that you can choose from depending on what your story is. Each one combines pharmaceutical grade olive oil with vitamins, minerals, and herbal sports specific needs from your bones. To your blood pressure and your immune system and lots more. Just pick out the formulas that are right for you and what your health needs are. And now they've got three new oligomide formulas. One to help you sleep. One to help you control that weight. And cook you 10. Very important for your heart. Pick up some oligomide today. More and more stirs are carrying in because more and more people are poppin it. Pick it up at public's, records, well-greens, whole food markets. Navarro Sedanos or hoodrun online at oliomedamerican.com. If you want to get more info about their products, just call them toll free and act away. One, eight, six, six, oliomed. That's one, eight, six, six, six, five, three, sixty, sixty, thirty, three. Start poppin some oliomed in your pussy today for better health right away. My little little, six, six, five, six, three, you blow your tongue. I'm peeing him. I got the cheerleader here once they help with my face. But let it do all the work and maybe leave it all me. For all God, I tell them to do American prison. I can not think out to a street without my hands on the book. The world is getting a good job and we raise the rich. When the women's whever they're young, the game creepin' all across the nation. I tell you a visual, I was not a rich animal. Fuck this night by the name of the rich. The lady, the little speech then, all she tried to make you say when. She had the ball in the eyes, but she left with it. I guess it's still the thought, but now it's you to quit. Oh God, I am the American dream. But now I smell like las olies and I'm a miserable bitch. Am I a horror lady? I don't know which. I want to know what the wonder wonder what the wonder what the wonder what went out. You bought me a laser suit. I jingle my chains, but I'm still packin' you. Gotta job through a radio come home. And none of the jacks can even tell I'm a horror woman. Eventually I'm being a friend. I thought I'd drifted along as it is now. I can take about an hour on the tower of power. Along as I guess, so it'll go with the tower of power. I am the American dream. And I'll just end it up my thought till it makes me scream. And I'll do everything you get ahead. I'll do you midnight see it's bank of bread. Oh God, oh God, I'm so fantastic. Thanks to Billy, I'm a sexual spastic. And the name is Bobby Brown. Watch me now, I'm a fool that's. And the name is Bobby Brown. Watch me now. I'm going down in the game is the bravo. Watch me now. You're going down. All right. 1948 is five sixty WKM so Patrick Kennedy made a really good point yesterday in his Highway to get to the Sirsiri of business. He said, you know, they're talking about, wow, you know, somebody Iraqi leaders escaped in the Sirian and they're harboring them. How about after WKM to where do the Nazis all go? Most of the big ones that were still alive. Our sergeant Tina. Right. And he said, well does that mean we should have invaded our sergeant Tina? Hey guess what, Pat, it's still out too late. I mean what? And what kind of lack of logic are we talking about? You know, but we got that pipeline as we'll need that oil, man. Our sergeant has oil. In addition to which then we really screw over the Ruskis too because they wouldn't go along with a program. Don't forget you either with us or our gangsters. That's why I'll present to you coming here in May to meet with the Jean-Critzian with Froggy Boy. And Froggy says, that's okay. I'll go play golf with Bubba. He's a blend of the rlser. Where was keeping track of this list? But Arthur Durel and I guess they must have been really obscure. Nobody even knew their name. Arthur Durel and Durel drags. Here's Kay who says whoever Kay is. He says, I understand today's question which is why my choice will be Gilbert or Sullivan. But since I can see you rolling your eyes over that suggestion and you probably won't put him on list. So I can also suggest Todd Wundern. Well I'll tell you what Kay, we put a both on there and I'm rolling my eyes at all. You know, once upon a time we had a bit on Gilbert or Sullivan. You know? Remember that? A bit? A bit, not a bit. A bit? I think it's probably on the ACN thing. Well, it's time for you. So we put Todd Wundern on your Em Gilbert or Sullivan. Dad, Dad, Dad, Dad, Dad, Dad. Dad, Dad, Dad, Dad, Dad, Dad. Stay away, Dad, Dad. And that's it. I think it was by Arthur Durel and Durel's. OK, put that on the floor. OK, what have we gone to for? far we got little evacrop perkins courtesy k-bush can way twenty frankzapa you'll be a solvent outrun vin artie bill and the drill's get a right you silly people out there w q a m there's sir i have a suggestion for your poll sir okay very conic junior you like your iconic junior all my wife turned me on to my think he's uh... i've seen the concert is a fantastically accomplished new vision book okay classical and standards and he has a fantastic voice what do you like his style of music is another thing but the guy there's a little old fashion even for an old fart like me it's a little old it's kind of like a retro thing you know he was born fifty years earlier nobody would have known his frankz and after was right that's right in fact if it wouldn't have been for a guy with that uh... the gun nobody would know who frankz and after was okay thanks a lot very conic junior you got into somebody right in these down or i just talked about it so let me read this article by the sky from the shatapahal news i'm serious i'm just even after reading that after verbalizing it's just uh... it's it's all right there dot-line thing or had to sit and read like thousands and thousands of pages although after he does make reference again to p-neck the project for new american century which we've talked about to lumbly one of face on his show and a lot of other people have written about although you want nothing about it on tv on your talk and head channels on your network news they don't know from p-neck they don't know from t-neck news jersey much less p-neck and the you probably will want to look that up and then one of the best places to find more about that but they got their own website which is a telly what they're all about which is really scary they did they've got their whole uh... objective their whole right policy message in there but the prison planet dot com that that is this is what's called prison planet right is it dot com or dot org well i'll tell you momentarily dot com like i said okay did he go to try to correct me again a whole one thing where you start a prison planet dot com they got plenty of stuff you can read about p-neck etc. and so on five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and for why is the wireless line wqa m hello hold me is it have a good part of world hold on hold music no thanks wqa m yes good morning the oh i'm sure morning to you i'm uh... kind of burned out material about that asshole president of the unprovoked war yeah would like to add a name to your uh... right at this maxing night and ill maxing night and go yes uh... she did uh... which is a bit one of the features songs in that poll newman movie uh... slap shot rock i think it was right back where we started from oh yeah well that's pretty obscure all right okay thank you my friend okay no thank you got it by actually night and here you got it got it here's from poll and evidence in the past world opinion of you as an award self i realize you're against the war but i thought it would be nice to have this read on the air or even just read when George's to read off the earth still a big fan it says god help us with such is coming back what is this tonic persons of reduced your list of here in one of the paper i hope the content of your book never again needs up from the u.s. yani on and i didn't fact the entire other three pages uh... what is it what was asked the essence of it all about the three thousand dead murder and settlement yeah about nine eleven let me say to the right the news to you Paul big fan or not but nine eleven has got nothing to do with what we're doing right now okay if that has something to do with the war on terrorism then it leaves me limp at least me a one-run see because the terrorist organizations in the world even though many of them have been funded uh... an assisted by various countries including our ran and Syria and Iraq and many many others and Saudi Arabia specially uh... it's not countries that were fighting in fact isn't that what we said in the beginning of one of the problems of the war on terrorism is that it wasn't just a country that were after right it was after a bunch of isolated people with cells and all these different countries sixty plus countries all around the world i wish it let i can't go invading sixty plus countries although with the things are going well here and maybe that's on the agenda move that's uh... who says we can't mild we can work on it so you better put a double taxes since the fifteen to better play double what you're nearly do just make sure we have a little bit of cash left over when it's all done one more two invading all sixty countries that and that's just out of kind of that they said it over sixty countries where they have cells very very scary how gollable and stupid and emotional people are don't can't use is with the fact don't force us to read something or listen to the truth just a let us get emotional move on some revenge let's get even okay with all the evil rules in a world let's find a place on a map somewhere and just make this feel better about everything will go over there and uh... you know we're gonna do if i can find it kill some people there you go thank you all i knew he'd bail me up eighty half two thousand dollars more on a credit card if so then listen to this dedicated consumer counseling can help you it'll cost you nothing dedicated is a nonprofit company the contact the companies you will money to an agriculture payments in half call this number one eight hundred four no debt that's one eight hundred number four and letters in o d e b t dedicated will help you interest rate limited late fees and save your credit and cost use if all the bank pays dedicated and you pay nothing so if you're turn it back on credit card debt here's a thing ought to be doing called dedicated at one eight hundred the number four no debt calling find out how dedicated calpea you've got nothing lose if you've had it with credit card debt high interest rates and late fees give dedicated consumer counseling a triangle handled all from there called dedicated now one eight hundred four no debt don't forget to cost you nothing one eight hundred the number four and o d e b t for dedicated consumer counseling we're sports radio five six you a m it's day go jump here you wounded So I cy Out my pop Which my arms the trees I'm ready noуч speaks English and I won I went down to my, yeah, I met Beachwear, the weather was nice and sunny. I walked into a red dust storm, but the guy there talks real fun. I asked him, what kind of fortune beaming is this? No, it's the end of what does that mean? It's a butter-speasing wish, and I'm all. That's the corner deline. Hell, I think I've been practicing. That's ridiculous smelly. Are you gonna go back to the lab, right? I came here for a year ago, and I've heard my ABC. I don't say much as gross here. I say pretty pretty. So get yourself to a classroom quick, you're an American now, stop making me sick. That's pretty old butter-speasing wish. Come on in more! I don't want to climb 60WM happy Tuesday too. Who's coming up with a one-of-clock demand, dog, Jim Manich? Hank Goldberg back from another day off from the sick board. Is he gonna be back today, do we know? We don't know. Well, we don't know the hump, or we hope we'll be back today, and in one piece to your clock. Six thirty, you got Marlon's on, Jack Marlon's at the Philly's game two of their Series 7 or clock tonight, Eddie K.F. at the baseball game, Joe and Mark overnight. How about those red wings? Oh man, three in a row they've lost an eye and they're right on the brink of extinction. Break my heart. Here's what it says, please add the original back door, man, your pull. Back door, man. Back door, man. We'll eat Dixon, some of us credit include writing, spoonful, I ain't so prestigious, I want to make you love to you and bring it on home. Does that ring any bells with you? Nope. Neither, but put willy Dixon on it. We're aiming to make everybody happy, okay? Quite a how not. Roger Whittaker. Zibi says. Hey, look. You know what they say? Oh darling, love. Remember darling, love? Nope. I do. All of these get them on there, okay? We want to put a, unless her Ronnie Spector. Right. I thought my specter was a member of the crystals, wasn't she? He, it, she. Not certainly Ronnie Spector was a member of the crystals, I do believe. But let me check. Check your book. I got it. So I needed it. That was a Phil Spector group. But we're still specter by the way, did not shoot that shit. Nope. Nah, the crystals were married Thomas, the Laura's killer blue barber, I asked him, Patty, right? And why do I think that? Was it the, it was one of those girl groups, the charls, the, Get out of here. Get out of here. Get out of town. I'll find it for you. Ronnie Spector is not even in the book. What do you say? What do you say? Based on what? Did she have solo stuff? That's what I'm asking you. I don't know. Well, somebody else will have to clarify that. I remember Ronnie Spector. I remember the name. I remember Bush Inspector. But darling love, absolutely. Darling love you got it. Got it. Timmy, Timmy Euro. Who? T-I-I. Why you are all? I don't know. And I don't have time to look all of these up and some of them never had a big hit. That's part of the thing anyway, isn't it? That's from Alan, our lawyer, buddy. So he ought to know something. So if he says Ronnie Spector, it's good enough for me. Ronnie Spector. Got it? Our R-O-N-I-E. Got it. Who's writing all of these down? That's a mutual. I mean, it's got 400 stories to put on that bedtime. Yeah, I got to email them to hear how about Rupert Holmes, the Pina Colano, the Pinga Colata song. And I see now again, now why are you doing this to me, people? Why did they do this? And then we didn't got somebody who, you know, they're always got to have a little critique. Didn't you say in the past that these types of popular opinion polls are better phrase, who is your favorite as because best is to some people. I have said that, but in this particular case, I originally had it, who was your favorite. And then I thought to myself, well, let's, I don't know, but have a list of 6000 people in. Who was the best? Still a line up to say, anyway, right? Knit pickers, knit pickers. But this one facts here, Alex, he says, hi, George, you rule when you listen there. What are some relaxes? So obviously he's all screwed up. Rupert Holmes, Christopher Cross, Leo Cere and Embroja. Well, that's four. They were all big, though. Rupert Holmes, not Rupert Holmes, but because, well, that must stand less. Put Rupert Holmes, okay, Rupert Holmes, you got it. Got it. Somebody says Van Morrison was Van Morrison a little bit too big for this. Van Morrison was too big. He's, he's not obscure. No, brother girl was huge. Big star in Ireland, it's his banana US. I disagree with it, and that brown eye girl was very big. The old brown eye. That's what Ricky Martin said. It like an old, didn't he do a moon dance to? 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Ronnie Spectre, what is it father made? Ronnie Spectre was a member of some group, okay? The girl group, and if it wasn't the, the shurls, it was an eye. Why have to look up all the girl groups now? Yeah. Thank God, I got my 40 pound cookie. Somebody, you know what, what's going to be a screenless of it? Just somebody knows, bringing the phone right now. I'll get to him just relax, okay? Just, you're in such a bad name. What's the big hurry? No, very. Those heavy duty doggy upwards again. Give some to Dave event boring to Marlins enough to re-could use him. Let's see the shurls, surely Owens, Austin, Beverly Lee, Doris Kender and Eddie Mickeyars. I wonder if Doris Kender is really the Chris Kender, because he liked it like that. How about Chris Kender? All right. See how I fell into that? I love Chris Kender. In fact, I might even vote for Chris Kender. The name of the place is I like it like that. See this is for all us old for us. Are you other punks? Where's your stuff? Where's your stuff? As Marky Mark would say, where's your stuff? That was a great movie, by the way. And what? It was a very hysterical movie. Right, yeah, what? And then of course he had that stunt, but the juggernaut stunt penis there. Yeah, it was amusing. We're Reynolds him to like it. And actually, you know, I hate to say this. He was good in it. He was good in that movie. He was good. He was perfect for what's in the bat line. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir? Oh, geez. I didn't know it could be on the electric radio. Oh, it's sooooods. Well, why not? Ronnie's vector is the right hat. And through. Isn't that what I just said? Oh, I didn't. Oh, they have the crystals. Nice. And the crystals are. Well, Ronnie, Ronnie, and Ronnie. I guess that must be pretty stupid, huh? Go, ale. Yeah, that's what I was going to say. So I can't even go. How you doing? Oh, I'm doing fine. I'm holding laundry. Oh, excellent. Yeah. Okay. Well, that's all I had now. Too bad you can't get my digital cable from a period. Love the driving movie channel. You know what? I told you what I want. I want the real much music back. Yeah, I got that. And also you'd have enjoyed the, the Jean-Opere, uh, Sirials that I was watching this morning on movie all the TV. Oh, it's how I want to get you depressed. Okay, back to La Cajra Fools. Okay. See you. Thanks. Your son's coma for a ladies and gentlemen. Normally, a working son's going to be doing morning, starting next Monday on QAM. If we can't get you, uh, information minister, we're having a hard time Locating him tracking him down. I even got a big bedtime story about him today, which will be on our website. Kind of cute. Here it is from Iraqi mouthpiece to internet icon. It's great. It's on the CBS website. He'd be used to west with his litany of plain victories over coalition troops and amused Arabs with his bottomless dictionary of insults. Iraq's information minister hasn't been seen for days, but he's hardly disappeared. Mohammed Saeed Al-Sahaf is the star of a website as creator's Pope, admiring fun, at his dog at defense of Saddam Hussein's regime and his skewing of opponents from the standard infertals to the pop culture savvy superpower of Al-Kampon. The site, we love the Iraqi information minister dot com. We love the Iraqi information minister dot com. Flex the most memorable insult he used to cast a githy-wess in Britain. Operators had a shut-to-be-frefully Friday to switch to more powerful computers because of scoring visits to the site. How do you like that? We're in a constant smile in our mood, fluent English and Arabic, also Hafeil daily court in front of dozens of reporters as the Iraq questions intensified. It's got to list some of his favorite things. My feelings as usual, we will slaughter them all. God will roast their stomachs and hell at the hands of the Iraqis. We will welcome them with bullets and shoes. We will push those hooks, those mercenaries back into the swamp. We went into the airport and crushed them, we cleaned the whole place out they were slaughtered. They have started quickly to commit suicide under the walls of Baghdad. We will encourage them to commit more suicide quickly. They're not even within 100 miles of Baghdad. The site expresses disappointment and also Hafeil is emitted from the deck and cars issued Friday by the US military, depicting 55 regime figure sought by the coalition. We're now stunned to hear that he wasn't important enough to have been honored with the inclusion of his increasingly popular in the death pack they said. Well, we like him. We love the Iraqi information minister.com. When in doubt check it out. As a matter of fact, we haven't opened any of the sales department, don't we? Too important to be in sales. He's got to be heard and the spoken word. Okay. Mornings, mornings with the, I like it. Iraqi information minister and suds. Sounds good to me. So Ronnie, specter from the Ron Nets, I told you about the Ron Nets. Oh, that did run. I said both of us, I told you that Ron Nets same year. Same story. Love the Ron Nets. In fact, you got to just write there with the Ron Nets. Don't write it, no. WDQAM. Hey Neil. Yes sir. What was it? The Ron Nets. The Ron Nets. What was it? The Ron Nets. I'll look it up in a book. And some people think that I'm overpaid. 560 pound, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. The words were still in the air. They were still my words were still swirling around between Toronto and San Foda and yet somehow as usual falling on deaf ears. WDQAM. Hello. Yes sir. Sounds like me. Body. Okay. Why is it that your people just can't control themselves? Why are they so stupid? It's not going to get their alienareroers in and then a blow up doll. They make me sick. Some of them. 560, 560 pound, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Just like that song that brings the singing that song but would make me sick. You silly. WDQAM. Hey Neil. Yes sir. You tell me if this qualifies. Okay. Someone that knows in a famous group went on to a solo career. Yeah. You love him. He's Canadian and he bombed in a solo career. Yeah. Burton coming. Burton coming. No. No. Everybody knows Burton coming was the lead singer to guess who everybody. Who you can't see he was obscure but he was Canadian. Hey. No he was not here. He was a bomb in a solo career. George and sister didn't bomb. I certainly wasn't like big like what they I guess. No. He was going to important but thanks anyway. I love the guest who thank you. Burton coming's raid boys. Wonderful. We love him. But then. Yeah. One big hit as a solo. What was that? Stand tall. Oh yeah. That's right. What you remember starting to kick in again. Good thing. Because my god. That's thing was embarrassing. So I think I. I'll see. I said the crystals in a way. I meant to run it. I meant to run it. Okay. But it was kind of difficult to figure out. Her name was Ronnie Spector. Yeah. And the group was named after her. But I remember. Yeah. I'm busy watching a CBC. We had to put on the BBC for a moment. Don't you think? Just for one moment here. Just here. I think largely failed to speak to in the prelude in the run out of the weeks. Running up to this war. It is day who may hold the secrets to whatever's out there. Interestingly, this was the first briefing to my knowledge. The first briefing in three weeks or three and a half weeks. In which there was no reference to any exchanges of gunfire. So clearly. Another indication that as far as the military here is concerned combat wheel combat is over. Well, thank goodness for that. Okay. Let's stop killing everybody. Sounds like a good idea. I just mentioned that in passing. You can examine it in your own mind. Party food. In your own conscience if you have one. Join the big. The second known to two for the McDonald's tax relief day at 6204 Miramar Parkway. Just west of 441. By one item get one more of the same item for just a penny. And the big go will give you the penny. Even I need like that. Plus while I last a pair of Marlon's tickets as well. What's not to like? I'll get to go out there and see the big fat. Oh. And to get you a penny on the second item. McDonald's tax relief day with a big. Oh. On Miramar Parkway west of 441. Of course everybody knows what big fans we are. Mick. Mick death. Mick Donald's on this show. Don't want to. Sure. In fact, I can check one of the cartoons on our website. They'll see you Ronald McDonald's stand there with the person. It must be in the bank dead. Right that big stage with Ronald McDonald's on my. Let's hear it. Oh, we'll get him one way the other. Hey, listen. If you're in a really dead end job like the wrecking information minister. And probably don't have as many offers as he's going to get. Here's the deal. Call our friends at fast train and get yourself trained for a real career. Call toll free. 1 866 fast train and get out of your dead end job. Get started a new great thing. Computer job. That's the answer for that's the. It gets me out. So here's the deal. Call them right now. Tulfree at 1 866 fast train. They'll spend your hard work and it just for sure. Months. I can give you complete training. And you can start getting the big fat when to take home on a paycheck to fast train office convenient day evening a weekend classes. And you can check them out on the web if you like it. Fast train.com. One of the best parts of the list no matter where you live. It'll be convenient for because they have locations all over town. There in Miami, Kendall, Pembroke, Fines and Fort Lauderdale. So there's about to be one close by where you live. Register at fast train.com to receive your free American flag bumper sticker and wave it in a breeze as proud as you can. And the bumper sticker too. Call fast train today and get you a great new high-paying computer career. Call 1 866 fast train. I am the one who's in the sports waiting room. You way am. Food can't keep his packer in his pants. If G would be quite a feat even for Jesus. So here's the question. What would Jesus eat? Sweet cheese. Because it's holy. Miracle whipped. He'd have no other. Thomas's English muffins. Down. Virgin Bloody Mary. Connor his mother. Lucky charms. But you guys are supposed to sing because he cured the leper kinds. Because he killed him. He didn't even actually cure leper kinds. What he did to be cured leper. And I've not met him. He's not my clever colony. Oh, I must apologize. You just read that this is nothing's any different. Leper food. Okay, here. Eat a full cake. That's better. Devil's ham. No way. Heard some palm. Tell us more. On ice cream. Make a lick of palm all Sunday. Yeah. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Thank you, everybody. I owe a man. And then, because he went to buy his groceries. He'd redeem coupons. And all the stores employees. And he went across. He'd get all trim and fits. And one thing that he would not eat. He would not eat. Shut your mouth. I'm about to leave this with me. He even chees, burger and paradise. Chicken all the king. Hold the Allah. Hope yes chicken. Right? What? Hope yes chicken. I think he means parvage chicken. Hope. Oh, parvage. All right. Did I do that again? I miss red beans. He was a carpenter, but their diet would not do. Carren Carpenter's diet improved. It isn't good for you. He would make peace. Just a prouver with a real man. And since he was raised Jewish, he'd have to pass on the heavenly hand. That's what Jesus will hear. Oh, my God. Honey, after ten and five, sixty WQAM. Here's a Sean and Hollywood chronic. But a good fact. You say, as my vote is for Matto Hoopel. When no fame outside of Bristol, David Boy wrote the Mason called Alley Young Doods, which is sadly the only song from them you'll hear on the radio. Remember, Matto Hoopel? I should do. Yeah. Matto was a guy. Them? Okay. Matto, I'll use. I wonder if Jesus would drink that. I figured him, Schuartist is John Miles, who had a modest hit called High Fly in the mid-70s. I hate those high flies after each up to try to unzip them. Although a great red or musician he packed it in and now plays the guitar for Tina Turner. Anyway, thank you, Sean, whatever you're saying. But if we put down Matto Hoopel, then are we doing groups? Just that. Yeah. According to Artists, isn't a group recording artist? Well, they didn't play that individual. Is Artist beveling the drills in individual? That's right. I should have known. Artist bevels. Hmm. So what do we got so far? And I don't think we should put the thing up on their Eric until about 1230. And I'll tell you why. Because when we do these ones that we're compiling, compiling, it's pretty show. A lot of times people will vote and then later wrong, because you can't change your vote. And since it is so very important, I mean, you know, and even I'm not really sure which way I'm going. Well, what I'm going for? Leon Redbone, somebody says many of your bits sound like him. The one you just played about nobody speaks English as a matter of fact. Well, there you go. Leon Redbone, get him on, or you'll Redbone. Gene Ovenelli. And on this fact, okay, I got it. Don't get sarcastic, now it says, P.S. Ronnie Spectre was in the run at 10th the name. Get it? Get a little car stick, it's sarcastic now. My bad is George Wood's save, but I'm saying it first. Here's what it says. I'm glad that the war is settling down in Iraq. Now hopefully we get back to try tracking down Lacey Peterson. Good point. They found this. David, you didn't see the news? It was on MSNBC CNN, wall to wall yesterday. They found Lacey Peterson. They found the body and the fetus like watch the front of the wall. Are they sure that it's her? Not yet. Well, I saw that part of it. You know, her and the fact that they found a fetus for the up the shore, they're pretty sure that that's for some reason that the fact that they found a fetus like the perpetrator. So the mystery and how they found a body in the fetus. Let's go for it. Lacey, whoever the hell she is. Of skewer favorite artist, Apologna. He's not talking about the Apologna from the godfather obviously. No. Apologna. George Wood nowhere turned with Prince for a while. She had monster teats. Yes, she was in the purple rain movie. I mean, Apologna. Yeah, it around. Whatever. Says, goly, sco and blues and speak in the name. Also, what was the other fact I had about the Leafs? Did I smith can it? That's bad if I threw it one out of the Leafs and how they got so good and played so great last night. What how was that? Well, did it play great last night? Oh, here it is. Havid Lake faces, listen to George, how about it? Did they find that boss energy last night? They look lousy in the first two games of the series. They look lousy in the middle of the series. They look lousy in the middle of the series. They look lousy in the middle of the series. They look lousy in the middle of the series. They look lousy in the middle of the series. They look lousy in the middle of the series. They look lousy in the middle of the series. They look lousy in the middle of the series. They look lousy in the middle of the series. They look lousy in the middle of the series. They look lousy in the middle of the series. They look lousy in the middle of the series. They look lousy in the middle of the series. They look lousy in the middle of the series. They look lousy in the middle of the series. They look about how lousy in the middle of the series. Some of you get some help from Bob Cobinbo why he has no idea, who's playing who to guillies are with the Upettery Zwrot. Get some help from the Cole. Anyway, Guerrigan Sullivan says, let's new George along again naturally. How could we forget? Dad, dad, daddy. Don't remember that. Yep, of course I do long again actually kind of a simpleing I'm sure we have isn't it called a clone again actually or something that's in the BCS right there Is it called clone again? I think it's a clone again a a a Bro look at Brian how do you like that? We got some of this not a killer Son of a Is I think that's enough of that when we all agree that was pretty good. I like that. I told you we had a bit about Gilbert Oh, so the now we don't got no bits No, what you said? Yeah, exactly Hey, beena boys. Nobody said Course big and a venerable. How come I don't see that the most important village voices under yet on a website It's the first story. It is yeah, I don't see not on my home. I'm on my thing at eight refresh it It is real refresh it And it is mild too. Okay. I'm gonna tell those growth test pictures that most of you don't want to see because they're Graphic and wrote test there it is different like I told you village voices media fan you're by this guy from Chapel Hill news Sorry Told you Oh, don't tell me leaf they're gonna score yeah in the second O teeth Thomas Cavalain He'll be the hero for the leases. He wins it with this call for three the final they need the series nice going Tommy Anyway, so we're asking today because we're trying to like you get you away from all this depression We're trying to like change the Agenda a little bit because you know we're getting overwhelmed by all these wars We got come we got to take care of Syria and Iran and we got to worry about Saudi Arabia and Egypt of course and Lebanon and in Libya Well and speak in Libya. I hate to break the news here, but since we're worried about rogue regimes with the weapons of mass destruction Libya used chemical weapons in Chad in 1987 Nostalgia have an underground chemical weapons manufacturing plant and hundreds of tons of blister and nerve agents How do you like that? Whoa And of course we know that's our good post personal very responsible friend Mollmark Adafi Nice hat nice head gear But he's okay since Reagan since we dropped that bomb LeBambah and Kill this kid We got him yeah, we boost up to him in a line a little bit But they I mean weapons to mass destruction we're talking about even quite a mile-eyed that's got some in Honduras and Brazil and Chile in Ecuador, huh? Trinidad Neragua 567.0560 is one of seven agrawa Oh, I'm so glad that I don't hear anybody talking like that here and nobody in the media here's a Dicragua, Dicragua, nobody says that although once in a while you do hear you know stuff that reminds you of I'm gonna see you in the mejor amiente de la magesca Is it here to move the student right here? You just can't escape it no matter where it had you go Hey, here's something you shouldn't escape and that's a great deal waiting for it. Hell at potty XEM See down around South-Aid because these are the kind of people you'd loved by a car from an eight-loved Deceania one Tom Leiband and Joe Prieta they've been around a long time 35 years in that same location Well, all the others have come and gone because they know how to treat you right and they give you unbeatable deals What's not to like here some great kneel deals waiting for you right now at hell at kneel deal number one Get zero percent fine. I'm saying for 60 months on every potty acro GMC in stock kneel deal number two Get up to a $4,000 rebent and every new GMC in potty acro stock. I'll say it again because it sounds too good to be true But it ain't get you up to a $4,000 rebent and every new power truck in stock at hell at this moment and kneel deal number three If you're currently a GM smartly sir smart by customer and you drive a Chevy Blazer old bravado or GMC Jimmy Fire or least you way new potty acro GMC in an extra $1,000 off the price. Oh stuff I held it and test drive you all new and powerful potty act grand pre It's a great turn no matter how you pronounce it. Hell at potty xgmc 134 on South-Aixie highway that's you as one across from the falls that notorious location Like I said to been doing business over 35 years open every day seven days week for more information about these kneel deals Colbin yield yield hotline tool free and one triple eight five three four forty two eleven when you call the lancer Oh God that's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven and don't forget all kneel deals has upset and credit approval see neither four details. Hall and potty xgmc can there be any due to budget they are professional Great local Sports radio five sixty two a two a m Pick the bad day to quit nothing glue My goodness all these shocking all his declare g hard on my call it what to do I have also suffered from the same disorder, but Omar how do you solve such a problem? It's easy just start your game with a hearty bowl of total fruit and fiber cereal It is jump back with vitamins and minerals and it has all the essential nutrients that one will need when hiding in a bunker all Just a plan I am putting into action because I am running like a Republican god chase by the first US Marine Division Oh Here I go again total fruit and fiber cereal just what you need to stop as you had in your fans 31 nothing like having a G. High in your pants 29 to 11 at 5. 60 QM We got the mad dog coming to one o'clock but I read nose of this Not a very important story that's on our website that you ought to be taken to look at even though it's very very depressing at time of war how dare we reduce veterans benefits from the Chicago sometime Which you read miss before the show today? I sure was and it's not the ending late into the night of March 20 If the US House heard speech after passionate speech and favor a resolution proclaiming support for your troops interact But offering them nothing substantive minutes after passing that symbolic resolution Republicans passed a budget calling for a 28 billion dollar cut in veterans benefits in health care with Republicans providing all but one vote Let me read that sentence again, could you minutes after passing that symbolic resolution Republicans passed a budget calling for a 28 billion dollar cut in veterans benefits in health care with Republicans providing all but one vote The huge cut was reduced on Friday to $6.2 billion The original amount proposed for veterans cuts by person abortion is 2004 budget is this good to his Reveillance not unless they want their already eroded benefits cut even further Jan Chikowski who by the way is a Democrat for Illinois's non-fungretional district Says I find it in comprehensive a plan to reduce benefits for veterans in Illinois and across the country Would even be contemplated at the time on hundreds of thousands of active report produced by the government reform committee Democratic staff concluded that the cuts proposed by the Bush administration would cause over 65,000 Illinois veterans Including estimated 36,000 veterans in rolled at VA facilities in the Chicago area to be denied VA health care or to drop out of VA system while increasing cost for a thousand more And it goes on Second President Bush would require the VA to change all priorities seven eight veterans now the system A $250 annual enrollment fee in order to receive service And the third set of provisions would increase copayments for priority in seven and eight veterans who stay enrolled in the program It goes on and on say the scushing growth test nauseating thing you see we don't really care about the troops But we got to go out there way of the flag and do this linguistic bullcraft to pretend that we care about the treat that's going on Very very sad. I'm it's right there for you to see if you got a brain even like a little tiny one and a brain too It's all right there in front of you and black white and purple and red as in blood red Here's a great fact that says I was sitting here at work the other day in the lady. I'm friends with who's from a military family So therefore must be behind a president sends me an email of photos you won't see on the news The pictures wherever rackies and our troops celebrating in the streets and pictures of our troops in a big circle prayer It was also touching a center of the length of the pictures of the injured kids on your website with the same pictures You won't see on the news line She responded with your such an effing liberal and then he says whoever this fact sure since when is being liberal a bad thing? I went to Webster's in the definition of liberal sounds like a good thing to me. What's wrong with a people in this country? Well, I'll tell you what's wrong and that is that the right wing is a very successfully over many many last years 20 years or so made the word liberal a dirty word You freakin liberal a county picco tied in together with all those other horrible things little used to be something to be proud of like the pony fathers like the founding fathers like FDR And all those liberal programs that he started like social security for example that people are praying this go out of business right Liberal used to be a wonderful thing and like the guy says if you look at up the next show, it is a very good thing progressive open-minded Buffalo caring etc. So I want all you come a pink all liberal But this is the same old like I said it's turning the clock back when you put this kind of White House you turn the clock back 50 years to the joma carty days Somebody says it cats demons too big I don't know I haven't looked there, but I don't want to just have to even push too fast Well, I guess you know it says the spider the religious thing don't get started on that okay Don't be knocking because he's a schmata. No, what up? Because it's fashionable not to be a schmata head it is why you up until Here's the fact that says the country's going to hell on a hand basket The local Cubans are pissed at W. Infieldlight if there was oil and Cuba we'd be there with troops yesterday The rumour has its support firm is decreasing and even for Eliana Rosanna Dana late in the Cuban community How do you like them apples? Well, that would be nice if it were true Well, that's what it says rumour has it and if it wasn't going around we'll start spreading it right here Okay, all right The food we deal lucky and most important is his goal. He's go great. Have a little time go my story baby Here's one it says Scott Walker now see Scott Walker nobody would know who that is except the very few of us Which I didn't know that even I didn't know the run-outs Scott Walker was one of the Walker brothers. Remember the Walker brothers. Yes, love the Walker brothers I might even vote for the Walker brothers So we won't put Scott Walker we'll put the Walker brothers, which is the group from um they weren't English And wait a moment what does this say? This is interesting which is very unusual one of the most enigmatic figures in Rock History Scott Walker was known as Scotty angle When he cut obscure flopparchets in late 50s nearly 60s in the teen idol vein Then he hooked up with John Mouse and Gary leads to form the Walker brothers They weren't named Walker they weren't brothers and they weren't English but nevertheless became a part of the British invasion After moving to the UK in 65 They enjoyed a couple years of massive success in the UK couple of hits in the US and in the righteous brothers vein loneliness what's in it that's on them The son I could have shining more of a Neil very good. Oh, do I love that song? I might vote for the Walker brothers. Thank you whoever has facts this in Walker brothers were great That's back here somewhere too And their name wasn't Walker and they weren't coming one so you know don't look at this What I say about it is in there somewhere. I'm sure it is See what I think I'm Mrs. being able to reach over and have that great collection although I do have the boys are back in town He would play it for least one last night 40 or 50 times and I'll read that article again. It'll be time to go home If you missed the beginning of the show shame on you village voices by Mark McCoppos first story on our website that in our bedtime stories Under the gruesome pictures that you need to see over and over again and make sure everybody else is so they know what war is really all about They know that bushry has really been going on big time Instead of just seeing pictures of statues being toppled in these photo opportunities these stage photo ops to again manipulate the public mind Oh, man talk about the mesmerization of the masses and you wonder why WWW2 during all of that stuff going on and German people were goose stepping right I loved it. We just went and check his lavaki We just went into Poland and we're doing this and they they love it and afterwards we didn't know anything was it Why because they were the good people and we're fighting the equal doors They were they were gonna take their area in mentality and oppose that and everybody else where they wanted or not just like Richard Pearl says We're gonna export democracy with they wanted or not Don't see the similarity, huh is that the problem? Oh, well, sure could that Now I think the word you're looking for is those were Nazis those were fascists then think about it We'll take too long WQA Nobody there online. So this is really a shame because they're yeah, we're doing screenless here and usually when we do squeamless on a thing like the yellow They keep going but they're not they're not it's the holiday You know they gotta get their pace in the key candy ready for tomorrow and they gotta get their Easter eggs ready for the Easter egg roll hunt on the front lawn And they gotta get their crucifix is ready for good Friday So you know we're up against it WQA Oh That's the deadline It was a line check the good news is it's still dead WQA in Yes, yes, sir speaking Lloyd Lloyd prices good Yeah, I thought so personally personality you got right Lloyd prices excellent. Thank you. Sure. We got it down Have a great day boy price you got a personality. Hi. He was good Not a big hit the super star he was around for a long. See that's the kind of name we're looking for right the Walker brothers Lloyd price. Montahouple Who was the best all-time recording artist who was not a big star and it is all subjective anyway They got it was nitpicking would be on that stuff but my own nitpick What their heads is if we say the best or your favorite because it's the same thing would it be it's all subjective? It's your opinion if we want my opinion and George's opinion was nobody cares about anyway. We just give that And I still think I might vote for the Walker brothers. I love the Walker brothers there music was a little bit down You know a little morbid like the wich is brothers, but not as depressing Well, how could it be now If anybody says the wich is really we're too big thanks to David nobody knew them until magic star playing every five minutes Little Eva Carl Perkins courtesy Kate Bush Conway to the Frank Zappa Gilbert Osolman dad and at that Anna Todd Rungen. I love Todd Rungen by too Archie bones and rails her iconic junior. Matt see night and gale Roger Whitaker I will be Dixon darling love Timmy euro Ronnie Spector from my loz group Ripper home home's Chris Gatter, Apologna, Apologna No, Apologna, no to late to light Michael. I don't know my Leon red bones you know Vanelli Well, I'm at the hoop a walk about this in Lloyd price. There's a sensationalist to get started right now. I think what we ought to do tomorrow Yeah, it's play all the biggest hits from these people Okay, now till like a middle of what September just a joke don't get panicky We're not gonna play music they get a skit hospital They despise me when I don't we don't listen if we want to hear music we turn on you know you're right turn on your what turn on your CD player Yeah, I was gonna say turn on your radio session because God there ain't no music and so forth on a radio It's crap. It's garbage man What thing about soft Florida's music it may not be good, but at least it's right consistent Do I say 19 before 11 at 5.60 QA I did say that Not anyway the bargains are I crap load them and that's at the swap shop that's right with over 88 acres Chuck full of bargains from into an outdoor vendors This is the place where the bargains are always waiting for use the swap shop is the busy Streetale location in the world before daylight And a night to swap shop has got the world's largest 13 screen drive and movie theater featuring great first-round movies Why does so many people shop at the swap shop because no place else? Can you see millions of dollars worth of brand new brand name merchandise at flea market prices in everything you buy at the swap shop is Guadanteed free admission and free parking seven days a week and the swap shop is the cheapest place in a world of shop every Thursday Be a free buyer or free seller each and every Thursday free garage sales space before five and a.m And Mondays all day long all of these things and lots more waiting for you with the swap shop on sunrise Boulevard between I 95 in the turnpike call nine five four 7 9 one swap members. Great days of I 95 Remember that no You know of course had it before became Zeta yes Don't miss the free million dollar Free being circus seven days week George is even sputter right now at the swap shop nine five four. It's probably calls nine five four seven nine one swap Like a prick like three And I know why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, I, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, because, because, I told you I didn't hear it. I didn't hear it though, it didn't understand it. It didn't understand it. I didn't hear it. Why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, what, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, you know, I put that, that, that, that, that, the thing, how it does, we could do it right, right, right, right, right, right way, I serious mean I was gonna pull right over and stop But I was I was gonna make love to you I was gonna need you I was gonna be like a Now I'm checking it off I'm gonna go I'm gonna go I'm gonna go I'm gonna go I'm gonna go I'm gonna go I'm gonna go I lost my keys I'm gonna go I said were say let's say let's say let's say now I'm sleeping on the sidewalk and I know why I'm living in pain because I got a you can't like a lot of stuff I'm about singing the song because I'm hard and I'm feeling better singing the song because I'm hard I can't get better I feel one copy I'm a wild one I'm a wild one I'm a wild one Are you alive? I'm a wild one I'm a wild one You're alive You should be the one I'm 149, I love it I love it at 5.60 WKU I love the Afro Man Here's a fact This is a guy who called after a Sud team stupid because he was waiting for somebody to pick up the phone Anyway, Phil spoke about his perspective and I said I also thought that Ronnie Spectre was in the crystal because I forgot about the Ronets just your bed Check out Page 1 column one of the Wall Street Journal more information on how the Muslim terrorist all flow from the Saudis that is Most of it Of course Paul Krubman was great today the wars are being used to blind and the dissimation of social services and of course at a mean time all those good oil pipelines baby Yeah, hook up that big American hose There's nothing like that big American hose It's stretching all over the city It's like a juggernauté That's wrapping its testicles around the entire globe We've got Paul Krubman's article of course from New York Times today on our website Don't we Carlos? But of course And yes, only been facts through like three times already to dawn Well thank you very much We always have a Cragman's column on air like marine doubt and Bob Herbert and all those people in New York Times We appreciate the facts but if it's obviously something that we're aware of please We do my homework and speak at homework about craft work Right? Excellent group Pre-techno pre-rap pre-abraaked dancing You progress a lot of people a lot of people have been sampled out of that one the most influential groups of our craft work Get that on your KRAFTWERK Rams with jerk craft work That's enough And I see you have a CD in that studio for years and I finally took it out of there Yeah Craft work Craft work German By the way Yes Rocksy music 70s group that included Brian Ferry and Brian Eng The music that musicians listen to Rocksy music We got both of those down to be not Yes, we do Speaking of German groups Here's one that says The big O-Mectonels will he be honest with us? The big O? No I like to spot you right for that promo I know you didn't write it It says while they last The pair of Marlins took it's how long we'll two Marlins took it last And my answer that is depends on where you're sticking Shane was requested black guy Singing about smoking pot and drinking cold 45 Which is just why I just played it for you right there Which is why I don't think that was the bit they were referring to It wasn't crazy rap I think is what they're talking about Wasn't this one we talked about smoking dopandring cold 45 No crazy rap is a I know how crazy rap is I know how crazy rap is I'm not playing that right now, okay? But smoking dop is both of them of course Carlos, there's in a corner that is a gigantic A huge thing I'll take care of it Hold on a muzzle There's a gigantic muzzle from the grey huntrack Just put it around his purse George, hold still Just can't quit while he's there Always pushing, always pushing Always pushing And always who pushed to our Something that might have pushed in a busy prematurely I just mentioned that in passing Because you get too many people in that building All bent out of shape Don't think you've put it brains or all the nice type of lakes suit Right, audience, how sound the hill what do you say? Never heard of it You're united It's a beautiful day Same name for the album Is that the name of a group it's a beautiful day You tell me is it going on there? No, okay Are you kidding me? Not if we never heard of it Let's get serious If we put every obscure group that we never heard of on here We'll be here to the mid-night Probably be a pretty big improvement in some day parts WQIM Hello? Hello? Yes sir Yes Boy you got me out of the car, sir Buddy, how you doing? All right How's things going over there, all right? Outstanding, 83 degrees here today, man You sound wonderful I feel wonderful and I look wonderful Let me tell you something, this president push Yeah The more he goes, the more he talks, the scarier he gets I mean, we're threatening people left and right You have a gun, don't worry because they heard the Democrats They got a great candidate going to run against him next year And Manasha School Nick, they're going to bring back Yeah My phone is breaking up man Okay, I'll call me back on a phone that works He couldn't hear me, he wouldn't know Manasha School Nick And he did you, but I know it's your laughing That's a pretty name And it is it's hysterical Manasha School Nick was like How many gingles Those real old years comics from 100 years ago, Manasha School Nick And I know, and I think that's what we ought to do To make sure that Bush gets into the four years Since the Democrats have a death wish It's run some like, you know, from maybe just run Jewelie women and put like a big star of David on his forehead And put the tallest in the cities in the whole day And a big, a colorful skull cap on it To make sure that anybody who wasn't already aware I mean, the Democratic Party is live Toad if for a long time, any more The American political system is down to one party You got to be a public loan party, right wing, goose steppers And that's it, that's only political party Democrats are just spinning their wheels There is no more word Democratic Party There are ashes, there are flames, there are flaming And there's nothing left Well, I still can't believe that a few days ago I'm leaving through, I don't remember what newspaper was Nor does it make a difference And there's the big article, Democrats now say that they believe Jewelie women is their best chance to beat Bush I mean, if that's the best you got, forget about it And now forget about it, it's always the money in the time and effort Plus this crowd don't want to have another election anyway So, you know, let them have their way Jewelie women, he couldn't win dog catcher in sunrise I'll tell you that right now He couldn't be elected city commissioner in Hallemail Couldn't even be sunny Rosenberg, Jewelie women Not only is he whiny and wimpy and he did just nauseating But I like him a lot, not WQAM Niel, yes sir George, Carlos, how are you? I just gave one of make a real quick suggestion on the poll Yes sir Look her T and the MGs That's a lot green onions man Absolutely, and a whole bunch of other ones that are just fantastic Okay, thanks Jewelie, welcome And that's it, it's British and for nice but we're going to play too, you know? Yeah, well the link of retired citizen Yeah, okay, just relax, we'll get to it Volker T and the MG, see not too hot not too cold It's like the porridge, you know? It's like that porridge that was just right And the same with these booker T and MGs Not too big not too obscure like nobody ever heard him And everybody knows what green onions Don't you know let me ask you do call him cream onions or scallions Skyez Is there a difference? I don't know Because I don't even know if there are like real green onions per se I just like yellow onions, scallions by Dada onions from rojo manos are great they're a little sweet man I love my onions in fact every day when I cook up my burgers with a cheese you know my slice to the shaper burgers the rosemones yeah and I have a nice slice of cheese on there and I slice up a whole bunch of onion and when I'm ready when I turn to burger over like twice like it's about two minutes from a bean done and you put your onions in there like a nice and you know oh man is that good I love onions I could like take a baston onions be popular that no cares 5 6 7 5 6 the pound 5 6 the on the AT&T and Verizon Marles' time I just threw the log away don't probably no it's probably not a good idea since I have to open up and take a look huh well I'm not that I'm gonna hurry to get out of here anything awesome it is it is a beautiful day as much as I should be sitting here in my nice apartment even though I have a lovely view it's much too nice to be inside I should be on it let me take a puke at what the temperature is already here today we're gonna break the record by about you know how many degrees we're gonna break it by today? Not third man! Almost let's see very method pressure is falling oh humidity 52% see how different that is from the usual like 90% in some places I don't want them anywhere nice breeze like 38 kilometers which is so about 22 miles an hour to take the sting out of that heat air quality is 17 in a good range and the temperature precipitation remember come on let's go let's go already the UV is 5.4 in the moderate range you follow an all-is writing it down mainly sunny and the temperature in T.O. right now in a GTA is is 18 65 66 whatever hell it is not bad on a way to 83 28 Celsius can you believe that lucky you and just hang on Thursday and what the ice is gonna be? Not far out that's why I said about two degrees at 36 I'm Thursday so if you like variety come on up 10 57 at 5 60 WQ I've got a question for it you have $2,000 more on a credit card? Well let's so let's know this dedicated consumer counseling can help you it'll cost you nothing zippity new does zero dedicated is a non-profit company little contact the companies you owe money to and they can cut your payments in half call 1-800-4-0-death that's 1-800-4 and letters n-O-D-E-B-T dedicated will help you interest rate eliminate late fees and save your credit and it costs you zippo the bank page dedicated you pay nothing so if you turn a paddling credit card debt call dedicated and let them straighten that for you call 1-800-4 and letters n-O-D-E-B-T know that call them 5-800-Kita-Kita-Kaupiao you've got nothing lose if you've had it with credit card debt high interest rates and late fees you have dedicated consumer counseling a trend they'll be handling it all from there call dedicated right now 1-800-4-0-D-D-E and don't forget to cost you positively nothing 1-800-4-0-D-4 dedicated consumer counseling what's this? huh well no that's your fault you're not the conmene of that this is the most disgusting program I urge everyone to complain to the station and now the league of the United Citizens will provide their edition of greenery and dirt don't make fun they were very hard for the country 11-2 at 5- certification I'm happy Tuesday too. I think it will put the poll up. But you say that's how good sound good. I'm going to still add to it. But I think at least that time we get a chance to us start forming a little something. You know, on this CBS poll man. This is really scary. Does the US have a responsibility to set up a new Iraqi government? Yes, 55% know 39%. But the public does not take it to job the US should take on by itself. 69% large majority of Americans think the US should take the views of other countries into account when it comes on deciding how to build the rebuilder right now. Just over a quarter say the US should do whatever it thinks is right no matter what other country is thing. She'll have that. Over 25% say you go boy you do whatever it had you think is right in screw everybody else. It's us against the world. We got the Brits and he is ready to throw it in there for tokens. You know for the tokens support they're token it. This is Bush administration. Have a plan for rebuilding Iraq. Now here's an interesting one. Yes 42% no 45% Oh, that sounds like an optimistic view. Humanitarian aid the US is doing what it should at 68% not providing enough 16% providing too much 9% Oh man. And it goes on and it's too depressing. We're trying to keep it up today. You know I'm saying keep it up. Right straight up in the air. Rob from PA says Eagle Burger. You can't get away with that sort of thing in this democracy. Question mark is he kidding says Rob. What democracy is he talking about? He's talking about the democracy that used to be the US Rob. Where's he been last two years under the bid? With the sheepish public and the sheepdog meeting in this democracy, I'll bet Junior could pull it off meaning Syria and Iran and whatever else. And I'm afraid you're right Rob. In fact, didn't we just say that a little while ago? Yes. I think you're right. Here's an excellent one for the poll. You put it around there already? Which one? Mini-reported. Hi, wrote it down. Well thank you. I mean I drove all seto. That's a good poll. Who was the best fall set of singer of all time? Any repurnant Frankie Valley? The Gibbrothers Gib right? I guess that's it. The electricity. What song was that? Emotional something. Emotional showdown or something like that? Oh my god. Fill in mudgates says Nickelode. Now Nickelode is on fickening Nick Todd. I'm sorry Nick Todd was Pat Boons's brother on dot records. And were Nick Todd? No. Of course not. You remember Pat Boon? I remember Nickelode? You do? Yeah. Cruel to be kind. Yeah. Rolls talk. Nickelode put him on a disroll time sake. Okay, Nickelode. How about Roblo? Is Roblo? Does anybody want to tell me that I'm not going to go with it? You know, if you see any pictures of her of him lately, I don't care how many wives he's gotten, how many kids babies? I know. It's the David Cassidy syndrome all over again. How about camel? Oh, those those vagots are expensive up here, man. How about I do you know what camel is? Nope. And a camel pose. Ask Osama Hill to find one for you. Many repurnantar 75 had love and knew was a giant smash. He had a great voice of extremely high fall set of. The song was considered quite erotic for its time. Was erotic? All right. And sadly she died from breast cancer in 1979. Damn it. Hey, when that happens. Why is it always the people that we like a lot? Many repurnant. I remember what she looked like. Do you? Nope. I keep thinking of many pearl. Where that, where that, where what she looked like. Yeah. She used to wear one of your tea bags on the top of her head. That was her price tag. I see. That thought it was a tea bag. That's a gangster thing. Don't you know? It is now. Oh, maybe she was just way ahead of her time. That's right. Well, many. 567.0560 pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon. Wireless non-doll. Let me forget to eat that column again before Don't forget to read out today. What I put in camel on there, right? Of course not. Well, what is camel? How do you know? Maybe tomorrow we put it on this since it is hump day, but not today. I don't know what that is. WBQAM. Yeah. What's up with camel? Yes, sir. Yeah, I got one for Neil. I got a rear one. Okay. What is it? Fats down. I know. I don't know if he got a research. He never had it. He was a popular singer. Never had an Aaaahhhh. Yeah. That you really happened. Have you heard? I should let him go on. And you think of going to think of making this up. But before the show when I was thinking about this pool, I reckon my brain for a good pool for today. And it was the idea I had yesterday. So I figured why not. And I thought to myself, he was one of the people I thought that they would say, Fats down. Let me get the book. Break it off. Fats down. It was when my favorite all-time people are still a fats down. I'm going to the best part is he's still alive. How do you like that? Amazing. Still alive. Is he still fat? You bet. Like asking me is a Zack still fat. A Zack put down a goddamn bat. Well, see in his case you got to you got to understand. He's under tremendous pressure. He's going to watch his back. Fats down. No. This I think he had more hits at one time than Elvis and Pat Boone all those guys at that time. And at 50s and early 60s. Ain't that a shame? But we will. I'm in love again. My blue heaven. When my dream boat comes to my head. Everyone of these records. Blueberry, hill, blue Monday. I'm walking. It's you. I love valiant tears. And on and on. Whole lot of love. I want to walk you home walk into Orleans. Obscure. My girl. My girl. Josephine. Yeah. Pretty obscure. Get out of here. Let me say it again. Okay. All fairness. That guy sounded like a real jack ball. Who was the best all-time recording artist who was not a big star? Fats down. It was a big big star. I'm always in one. Okay. And he was also a pretty good penis. Do you ever see him? I'm like on TV. Yes. I have. He could tick a lot of those Irish owners. I love that stomoro. He was a funny guy. He was like really gruesome looking fat and a big fat head. But he was a great performer. Always looks like real happy. Kind of like a Greg Reed. 5 6 7 0 5 60. W to Q AM. Yeah. Yes sir. Talk you out of line, right? Yes. Those weeks are kicking some serious butt. And if you're not. How about those red waves choking and gagging? I don't want to deal that. I've watched in the high price teams like the Rangers who tried to spend all the money. Show it down there. I could make a playoff. It's the best. And what's the story with a mugillnik? I don't know. He got his mouth is, you know, I think he'll be okay. He got a stick in the lip. Listen the best thing about Irish watch that idiot Bobby Clark face. Yeah. Oh, right. Yeah. Yeah. They showed him up there in a press box. But that sour look and just turned him and walked away, sulking and a screw him. I was a pain. I was a playoff to be stuck with a team like that. That was a brutal game. Can somebody please tell me where Ola Nolan is disappeared to at least now after the great start. Is he like just a play? I mean, I see number 11 out there, but he's your ain't doing much. Well, I'll tell you what. I, you know, as much as I like to see the doctor. I don't see somebody who's in there. It hasn't been there for a while. You know, is the money brother still over there? Were there organization? VBM is over there. The induction elixion of finals. How's that sound? How's that? Oh, Charlie. Oh, Charlie. It's 77 degrees. Okay. Yeah. Alexander McGillney, the most unarrated player in the league. Nobody remembers that you had 76 goals in Buffalo and how he's really so he's just amazing to watch. Get better. He'll up that post Alexander. Hey, you following all of this? What? And then Gary Roberts, he kind of like limped off again. He's like, that's one of those things. Well, me, okay. We like being battered up during a playoff. We play under pressure under the rest under a dress. Fine. And by the way, you won't see a fill, uh, hardly anymore. What did I tell you yesterday? You hockey fans out there. He played one shift last night on a power play. Then you're giving up a short handed goal. I caught with his pantalooies down and we never saw him again. And I said, yeah, thank God. Don't put that old man out there any no more. No more. You can, if I open the window up here, you're all being all the people in Toronto are screaming no more. No more. No more. So the reason to talk about more, Phil, how's there the bottom? WQAM. I'll be in all the people. QAM, hello. Hi. Yes, sir. How are you doing Neil? I'm doing pretty good. How are you doing? Good. I'm going about a couple things. Great fall set of singer Eddie Kendrick. Make sure you're also saying fall set of, um, miss you. And then regard to President Bush's plan to rebuild Iraq. Um, the best line I heard about it recently came from Conan O'Brien. You said he did have a plan. Unfortunately for the most part, it involved legos. Okay. Five six seven. O'five sixty. I didn't hear that, did you? What? Pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. It's going to be easy for you. We asked Brigadier General of Instructs about that at the briefing today. Here's a bit of what he had to say. Good. That was great. That's on the CBC. I think they put a, they put that same muzzle over his post. WQAM. Good. Yeah. Is it? Yes, sir. How are you doing? Pretty good. I listen. I wanted to add to the list. A group from the late six. He's only 70's the votes. I don't think the votes were obscured to you. The votes had a lot of big hits. Five o'clock world. I didn't win. But my, uh, you know, I thought people about them had never heard of. Well, that's because you're talking to people who don't know. The colleague people have been south Florida too long. Probably. Excellent. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot. Thanks. The votes are just a little bit too famous too popular when you say I would say. I mean, you're the one. I was when I favored songs. I love the voos. I believe from Philadelphia. I think I could look at up in a book, but I don't just don't have the time. Oh, Nick Drake. Nick Drake. Did we get Nick Drake? Not yet. Who is Nick Drake that British folk rock, peroke, uh, douchebag, uh, something born in Rangoon Burma, a singular talent who passed almost unnoticed during his brief lifetime. Nick Drake produced several albums of chilling somber beauty. Sometimes compared to Van Morrison, Drake, in fact, resembled Donovan much more than his, uh, more in his breathy vocal strong melodics and acoustic, I don't know who that is. Nick Drake. Never heard of it. He died. He died. Look at that November 25th, 1974. In turn, more than Arden England. How did he die? Don't we want to know how he died after all of this? Um, let's see. Yeah. He's achieved. Well, far we is death, but doesn't say how he died. But we all want to know how he died. It was only like 26 years old. Do we want to know how he died? Well, I've got in there, damn it. Here's one that says their favorite group is then Scott, uh, Alyssa 45 of them. The clash, no, neither, no, neither Stynlith, either Ristynlith, either his mountain and especially the roto-ruder Christmas band. Okay. Thank you, John. You can't get much more obscure than the roto. I think, uh, what's his name was on their album, Ron Poupille. Five, six, seven, five, six, the pound, five, six, the only AT&T and for I may be even picking up at the pizza law. You pick up a lot of other good stuff at the pizza law, especially if you get too close to Jeff. Uh, he's got an order. I was talking to somebody yesterday who said, you know, those prices at the pizza law can't be beaten. I said, you know, not everybody gets to eat there for 50% off or for free. But seriously, the prices are so low. You don't need to discount when you need the pizza law because the prices over the years have stayed remarkably low, especially for the gigantic portions they give you. You'll be amazed. They've probably enough food for two people. It's been my experience. And I'm not talking about special deals for me. I'm talking about everybody. They bring you a big fresh heaping pool of your favorite pasta dishes. I'll cook the order. Nothing, soggy or, uh, or like, uh, mush. And of course, they've got it all. They've got four different kinds of great pizza. Now, including the mozzarella for pasta, which is one of everybody's favorites. In fact, the president told me even the glamon's you were that they got a feel and seafood, calzone, super subs, lots of more to best golfing rules. You've ever popped in your post. And some of the best news going in Brower now you've got not one but two pizza law locations. Original Brow location is right beyond pair one imports. Kitty corner the new arm in the local cafe with tons of reparking and the pizza law plans. That's a university drive between Griffin and 595 for take out for delivery for catering for any a ferry may have come for a little as five bucks per person and believe me, Jeff knows those as affairs call 9 5 4 9 1 6 88 80 9 5 4 9 1 6 88 80 and Jeff has brought the same great delicious fresh food the same low prices to service an atmosphere took 8 2 99 only the cheapest of the cheap needed discount at the world famous pizza law. When you get a yeast infection you use one of those messy screens don't you? Yeah, there may be an easier way. It's a pill you like who can. Just one pill is as as effective as the leading seven day cream without the mask. Okay, do not use Dr. Kana if you are nursing if you're pregnant or taking other medications talks to your doctor. Do not take Dr. Kana if you're taking Pocosin. I am taking purple. I'm not Dr. Kana. It's 11 17 at 5 60 WQM and Sonne Shana Matt 140 to the reason to shade here. Actually it's too hot, you know, nothing's perfect. You can't have it all out of the way. Here's a fact from Wayne who says as usually have your thumb on the world situation. Nice to you and Randy. For being the lone voices against Lou Natsu. Is that okay where you broadcast from? I do. How about the song Whitebird by it's a beautiful day. A really great album called it's a beautiful day and a great song. I looked up it's a beautiful day in my book. I can't find it. Nor can I find Whitebird. But since that's the second one let's put it down. It's a beautiful day. Okay, you know something I'm looking out the window and it's a beautiful day. Join the big. It's afternoon noon to two. noon to two from the at the McDonald's tax relief day 62.4 Miramar Parkway just west of 441. By one I didn't get one or more item for just a penny and Orlando the big go will provide you the pennies because we're big spenders at QAM. Plus while I probably give them a roll of pennies. Plus while the last of pair of Marlon tickets while they last until you do something with them or stick them somewhere in their course to probably dissolve. It's the McDonald's tax relief day with a big oah! On Miramar Parkway west of 441 starting only momentarily between noon and two today. Sure can't say I haven't promoted enough big. Oh, you're good guy but on the air well nothing's perfect. WQAM? Neil? Yes sir. Have you ever heard of a musician called Matt Weissel? Matt Weissel? Yes sir. No. tremendous musician. Really? I don't know if he's in your book it up but he's actually has a webman. Well I weissel did he have any hits? Ah, I'm not sure he did a lot of guitar work. I don't know if he's in your book enough. Well what does that mean he did a lot of guitar work I mean so I see he did a lot of bridge work yeah I don't know what that what does that mean? What how do you spell that WESTLE? WESEL, WESEL. Here's Eric Weissberg and Steve Mandel. Well I actually think he went under an alias the biggest alias was. Where did I redo to you Neil? Oh my god how sad how pathetic is that guy or what? Who is an obvious right? And I'll tell you what you did to me you call again that's what you did to me for which we hate you like poison. Isn't it the boo you in the guy? No no this guy didn't even the same family with that guy didn't something like him. You're just picking on the guy because he's a New Yorker. Okay good good point WQAM QAM? Nobody there. Oh, I totally QAM hello. Oh, Neil? Yes sir. Oh, how about a JJ Kail? JJ Kail? Yeah, he's never done hello we said a down that died and FATSO was chicken and Kail. What? I said have a great day. Who is it JJ Kail? Never heard of him. Her it then. Is that like into the J Giles band? I mean sounds similar I don't know who that is. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. I mean we're talking somebody's so obscure well I guess that's okay because the question is who is the best all time recording artist who was not a big star and I guess JJ Kail was not a member JJ from good times. In a failed warning to the United States, UN Secretary General Kofi Anon made states that statements directed at Syria could destabilize the Middle East. The Secretary General is concerned sir and that recent statements directed at Syria should not create a wider destabilization in the region already heavily affected by the war in Iraq and in spokesman be saying in a statement. Anon and I'm great even though even rural areas in weapons of mass destruction and they've been doing this and harboring this one harboring that one and after we take care of them we're going to invade Argentina because they probably got this administration probably got a lot of friends are looking for an Argentina. I would seem to me people that can hook up with and help them you know do their worldwide conquest. Give us some pointers. Maybe the pointer sisters do down there. Here's the deadline again. Just second. WQAM. Yeah I was thinking maybe Linda Perry from Furnong Blond at the around 1992. What do you say George? She did solo stuff? Yeah she had a two albums after in 1994. She had her own album and she came out with one in 98 too but she wasn't really popular. Recruited recorded studios that did her records for from Rockstar Records. Well let's probably watch her listen to pop here. Okay thanks a lot pal we got it. I'm in Linda Perry you got it got it. Take. What? Who said that? I read your Carlos said it. WQAM. Hey how you doing? Pretty good. Wait pick me up Cole. And that's what we're doing day. Swemos because Carlos is under a lot of stress in there he's putting bedtime stories on. Okay and then you're talking about something here for you about some some group groups. Sure. You're going to get a sound. So you're like a gentleman right? Right. And I'm looking in my radio Carolina playlist for more stuff from it's a beautiful day besides the one that you had wipered there's girl with no eyes for 1971. We have a picture on the website. Okay. Bonday calling watching you watching me. Is he left company? JJ came out about it doesn't it's then he's too big. Scott Cherry cocaine. Hey baby hold on. He's got cherry and cocaine. George it'll be right over. How do you spell that? I'll put him on. JJ how do you spell last name? JJ pardon expression period j period C a l e. Oh like it like JJ kale. Yeah. Oh now I get it. After midnight was a hit in 1971. After midnight. Yeah. He covered it. Oh he covered it. Who did the original after midnight? After midnight. I'd have to go check it out. Uh guess what it was never hit. Oh there it is Eric Clapton you're like I just said. Yeah well they played it on WNV Well that proves it right there then. If it was a hit it got played on ABC. And I sure hope Bruce Morgan played because he's an asshole. Okay. They said I'll help you pay. Maybe the worst and most I think. Have a right day paly. See you paly. Yeah. And would you just say you said Eric Clapton you just repeat what I said. Yeah. Five six seven. All of it is. We've wased this war with determination and with clarity of purpose. And what was that? And we will see it through until the job is done. So we get every hose on every oil well that's right. He's a given a big hose job to the world. Five six seven oh five sixty. Well I just see him and I get my blood starts curdling you know it. I just see his push and I think to myself how did this happen? The media without the willing and enthusiastic cooperation of the American media the right wing media. Which used to be called the liberal left wing media. Well guess what not any more not any more more. Yeah. Yeah. Speaking. A meal. This is Kevin. How are you? Pretty good Kevin. How are you? Listen. I've got one to write up your alley. He's a local boy from South Florida. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know what? New York called where the action is. Steve Olemos. Steve Olemos. Buffalo boy. Yes sir. Yes sir. Every day. Yeah. Yeah. Have a good pricing. Right. Right. Thanks a lot paly. No problem. See. Steve Olemos. Remember him? No. I wasn't in his group. I should ask him. Steve Olemos and the and the uh and the Leimos. No. He's a buffalo boy. I better try my friend Dick Fiber. Remember Steve Olemos. The things to play on WBBF and Rockchester home of the busy bees. Jo Jean and Morton and this bomb. Morton and this bomb. Can you imagine anybody going on here today and call himself Morton and this bomb? No. Either or not. Eagle bird, Humper Dink. Steve Olemos. Please don't. Oh no. It's not in here. I guess it wasn't a big hit. There's dual aches. The birds in the bees. Everyone remembers dual aches. And actually he would qualify. Wouldn't it? Yeah actually. And I'm not going to put it on there. But the birds in the bees was a good so I was a good hit. Somebody got pages and pages on uh audience and it's a beautiful day. Needle one. Don't waste my fast paper George. Please please. We already put us a beautiful day on it. Right. No I just didn't the for you. You want to be audience on there too just to pacify and that's why you're an audience. Because that's our job is to please the audience. Erica loves to watch boobs and butts and biking. And the back of the big hole. And eat your whole holes. Till you explode. Because like your back fat, churn and ladies, after you bite your seeds on a plane. Spilling your pain, your dead up, get those staying from seed hole. And your big, boo-no. Have to be back disgusting and tasty. Oh, boy. You make the trouble with this man. They like a guy who's bad at dancing. Things smelly, bad so repulsive and bad. Your body cheeseless like the crap burn. After it was occupied by head. As their needus, you want to get into your car. Dus your chug at him. On against wheel, on against wheel, on against wheel fat ladies. Living with your double esteem. Sivar in the start of the tree between 30 and 20 years. Most wishy to me. That's the battalion that's moist and tasty. Number 32 of five, 60, W. K. W. Pentagon was told of rest of museums. This morning they had one of the headhonshoes, the curator or whatever they called the museum. Fulming at the mouth. Just apoplectic said that he went to the Palestine hotel and waited for four hours. Three days ago to meet with one of the American curls to beg him to place provide protection for the Rocky National Museum. And he was assured that the Americans would be there and they would surround the museum and make sure not to let anybody in. Not only did they not do that, he said, but there's still nobody there. Oh, there's nothing there anyway. I just mentioned that in men that are not now. There's not. They hold off everything. There were artifacts dating back five, six, and seven, that thousand years, but they don't confuse anybody with effects because it was just another line. They got bigger fish to fry. Yeah, but they're raghead artifacts. That's correct. The Rocky Muslims, by the way, came to the eight of Baghdad's tiny Jewish community yesterday. So the Marines were doing. At 3 a.m., I saw two men one with a beard on the roof of the Jewish community house that I cried out to my friend, Horsan, bringing the Kalashnikov said, Horsan, Kasam 21. It's Horsan and Horsan. What time is it? There's your one. It says neither Horsan nor Horsan, who is the guard of the center, was armed at the time, but the threat worked in scaring off the intruders. You know, it was like in the... The guy in the back, our encircle, the bakery in the Godfather, put his hand inside his coat. Looks like a real fruit cake. Two hours later, the looters returned again in Horsan, Kasam used the trick once more. The centers located in a freshly painted white house on Elena for a sheath-sweet Baghdad's old town. What is going? How do you like that? There's a little cooperation between the ragheads and the yids, the debut for Paisoff. Ginger and Hagridorans says, Phil the Mucky man is going to be really, really chronic. Totally, I'm going to see when you listen to the facts and make you understand what I mean by that. Totally unrelated to the show today, but seeing is how you turned your back on Amsterdam, I thought I'd send you some stuff to refresh your memory. Now, is there any... because I didn't see any other stuff eventually, I just got back from there a few weeks ago, visiting family and friends, most of the stuff I'm facting is more painted at George who's a pothead, but I only hope you can talk about Amsterdam. First of all, I haven't turned my back on Amsterdam. I said I was burnt out on a little bit. I gave up the apartment because it was making me sick all the time because it was on Sanitary and the bedrooms were downstairs and Mildo and Mold and Crab, and I was tired of being sick all the time, et cetera. Is that what I said? It's not like that. And I said it was too much. See, and especially in the winter time, when there's no tourists, there is especially with what's going on in the world right now. I wasn't that crazy, but I will be going back soon. I just mentioned that in my next vacation. But I like that. To make him happy, since he's so concerned with about where I'm going and who I'm doing. Oh, I got a grand finale in the new hour. I got a few things. Village voices, I want to reread that. I'm maybe I'll even do a few bedtime stories. Good. Put this stuff out there, okay? As opposed to the non-stop propaganda they're getting. By the end of 2000. Right, see what I'm saying? Oh my god, what is that? What are we doing here? What are we doing with this man? Huh? He and I'm the stop call. I'm Alfredi Newman, because it's an insult to Alfred. That's an insult to the brilliant creators of mad magazine. At least they were funny. By intent. WDQAM? Yes sir. What's the poll today? What is the poll? It's about four feet long. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. What's the poll today? What's on the menu today? What's the special today? I think you're at Sir. Tolade Assel. Nobody there. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Line. WDQAM? No? Yes sir. A couple of things I've already mentioned. Watching the news, you know, Iraq, you know, the looting, the citywide, the museum which was tragic, but there is one building in Baghdad which is really really guarded by Marines, Army, helicopters and the old ministry. The old ministry is really guarded. The rest of the city is turning to an American university. They really took to the American lifestyle real quick, you know, burning looting grass. Yeah, you think they just had a big fog in there. No, the other thing I want to mention, you know, when you off the air at one o'clock, I go west to radio a 16, you know, right. Fresh Bimbou. Well, it's my accent. He's a rash. When you get on your skin. Yeah. And I listen to his show and after that comes the shit show. It's neat. I think it's a... Okay great. That was very good. Yeah. Call the INS. Okay. Trace that call. 560, 05. Like we don't have enough problems over here. Okay, this guy is a sink crap on here. 560, 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless line. Don't put anybody else on with the next time. Which I guess that means it's the end of the show. God. WCOM. Yeah, can I talk to Neil? Speaking. Hi, I'm going to just at the break this morning. 1129, I'll pretty knew what himself was discussing his tax rising to the market. And he went on. Thank you. Should you hear your hard work? Okay. That is not a question of whether or not there is a package, but how big the package will be. That's how we told Miguel. God love you, Neil. Thank you so much. What do you say? Dude, that's right. It's not a question of how big the package is a question of who's going to get their hands on it. That's what we're sworn to. And the audience of Pronemy, that he's promising in the future. Which includes tax cuts, which would encourage investment into the American economy. He says, and less money headed to Washington, DC, joining me to assess the speech and its implications. The CBC's Henry Champ in our Washington office, Henry, a sense there that he still is pushing the tax cut agenda, but if I'm reading it correctly, he's asking for less than he wanted. That's exactly right about $250 billion less. He'd like to get the full package he has for originally $753 billion. But in this particular rose garden appearance, he's talking about 550 billion as being the bare minimum. There's many people on capital hill think he'll get far less. The tax cut idea that the President has promoted in the past was promoting this morning is not popular with big elements in Congress, including the key members within his own party. And it's unlikely through the Senate that he can get approval for the all-est. All right. Good. CBC, a little straightforward reporting there. Okay, not any BS. I love the CBC. At least when they're doing the news. I mean, they have a little bit too dry. Like Sodass, like Holovatt, it's a bit of a sit around for two, three years. 21 till noon is 5.60. Nobody can. I don't know if they have Holovatt to swap shop, but they got just a matter of anything else. Because that's where you find bargains unmuted. They're all waiting for it to swap shop over 88 acres, chuck full of bargains from indoor and outdoor vendors. The swap shop is the busiest retail location in the world before daylight and at night, the swap shop has the world's largest 13 screen drive and movie theater featuring great first run movies. Why do so many people shop at the swap shop? You might be scratching at home in your head and wondering, because no place else can you see millions of dollars worth of brand new brand they merchandise at free market prices. And everything you buy at the swap shop is glad and teed. Free admission and pre parking every day seven days a week. The swap shop is the cheapest place in the world of shopping. Be Thursday, be a free buyer or free seller every Thursday, free garage sale space before 5 AM and Mondays all day long. So I'll wait and for you at the swap shop on 7 hours of work between I-95 in the turnpike. Maybe you'll get lucky and run into Sheriff Nick and Preston in his hand. Call 9-5-4-7-9-1 swap and whatever you do, don't miss the free $1 million three-wing circus seven days a week. You can spell it four counties away. At the swap shop 9-5-4-7-9-1 swap. Oh, what I get to go for one and get to be over it for one. If you want this, don't go for this, run and stupid. Don't go for this, run and get rich here. Don't go for this, even. Summer then be. Please, President of the... F***! Yeah, don't get what it's all. You got him in by hook or throw a hook or a Christian. Oh, no one doesn't. You and I have a handful of fears. We've got a great leader here. With President Dump, f***! I think I'll be back. You can't see his face. I'm so inspired. I'm inspired to go right to the bowl and do a number in it. It's 15. Just like Ronnie Reagan Jr said, what was that a great line about his damn crap-out to bigger ones than him? Wow, that was a beautiful. Anyway, Lawrence Eagle Bergeris's worth repeating again for the 10th time, in case you missed it. Anyway, this article in the Independent UK says, if George W. Bush decided he was going to turn the troops loose on Siri and Iran, after that he would last an office for about 15 minutes. In fact, President Bush, if he weren't tried that even now, I think you ought to be impeached. You can't get away with this sort of thing in this democracy, said former Secretary State under his Papa George Bush Sr. Lawrence Eagle Berger. Pretty strong stuff, you know it? Anywhere, can people are going, move on to the why not? Why not? We got to get all the evil doors. We got to get all the terrorists. So we're on terror. Man, so many stupid people and so little time, you know? Anywhere, pull question today, or here's one, it says, who was the best all-time recording artist who was not a big star? That's the pull question. We've got to list a 45,000. Do you know any of these box of frogs? I've heard of them. Roy Gallagher? No. Roy Buca-Kan, which I think probably is Buca-Kan. No. Andy Pratt, you know? No. Donnie Iris? Donnie Iris, yes. Donnie? Donnie? Is that how he spelled Donnie D. O'N. I don't know. I didn't know it was spelled that way, but I know Donnie Iris. How about Donnie Osman? Into? How about Donnie Brasco? Pretty obscure. How about Iris? Shorts. So what do we put on there? Box of frogs? All right. And Donnie Iris. Okay. Well try to spell it right. This is a lever fact that a good listener was in vet spelling. Here's one that said, rest to you and you go and said it to me from American Fort Myers. What do I know about Tony Kary? Do you know, Tony? I know Andy Kary used to play third base for Andy. I think it's a suggestion. I don't know why you wrote my name on top of it. No, because I had told you why, because it's how about Tony Kary, Native American, and moved to Germany 20 years ago. His career was stifled in the USA, brilliant composer, producer, singer, musician, musician. He has about 10 albums out under his name and planet P project. And he really does the MTV he used to play a lot of his stuff. Had songs like it's a fine fine day. First day of summer, some tough city. Why me? Stannick on the radio. I see static on radio. The double album Pink World where he wrote saying and played most of the instruments like the wall will be better. Most of Pink Floyd his stuff. What? Most of Pink Floyd's stuff does not sound like. I heard you talk about him when he was sitting in front of the earth and for Mars. So how come you tell me that this is for me? This is for you. Tony Kary. Okay. Okay. Put it on there. Put it on there. Put it on there. Tony Kary. Say, Ari, why? Okay. Put it on there. The other Indian gets screwed over by the Americans by the white man. Shame on us. Rackies by the way are too happy about Jay Garner. I mentioned that yes. I should have been again. Or about all that. Oh, I don't like going to it. I get two damn of set. WQOM. Hello. Yes sir. Yes. Can you please speaking? Neil, I'm calling about the poll. Is a singular that I don't know the name. You know it because you have all the cakes. You used to sing that song. Some people say born and asshole. You have all the cakes that he. Oh, the only five answer. What is that guy's name, George? August Campbell. August Campbell. Born and asked. Yeah. And it's possible. I've been trying to find this paper. I can't find it. My dad keeps asking for it. I can't find it anywhere. If you can tell me where to find it. I'd like to buy it or make a donation to one of your favorite charities for it. No, no, God. Maybe George, if you send him a tape or cassette tape for the right time, would never reproduce August Campbell stuff. Remember he was right? No, we can't do that. That's right. Can't do it because he wants suit us for a vrooming song on the vest of CD. So good luck to you. But I'll play for you. Maybe you can tape it. Internet. I'm ready. Remember that. Yeah. Once suit us at IOD for playing the song. Even though we made the song popular and they peed all over us. All of a sudden out of the blue out of Sona for putting it on here. They want some a copy right in these squeeze a few bucks out of carcass broadcasting. Which is not that we look back on it. All we say to that is good. Good. And by the way, Disney. I hate to break the news to Mike Disney and are good to former friends over there at WIOD and a whole the guns. I'm a spoh over there. But we took a look at those the numbers on party radio and that last trend finished the parties over. That's my opinion. I'm like Disney. And talk about that as a door nail. Didn't want dropping like a rock. Everybody I've talked to there. I like it in the beginning. They did that thing. Power 96 to many commercials. That was funny for about five minutes. They kept. They're still doing that. I guess they are. And nobody wants to hear that anymore. It's not funny anymore. It's not funny anymore. Anyone hear some meat. Where's the beef? And I want hear some music. Some nifty stuff. And they play the derruden, uh, savford duo 400 times. And I want the same old crap. And people said, eh, how will that? And that's why the numbers are dropping and dropping. By the way, the book comes out of week from Friday. The entire Twitter rating book, January, February and March. And you know, we we don't care. I mean, we'd like to, you know, we'd like you to support us and put us down for like 85 hours a day. Uh, seriously. We need all helping get because now we're up against it. There aren't too many progressive, liberal, moderate, left of center, uh, anything left on your any more anywhere in this country. The play in the future. Improvement. There is a role in calling. Look at that. Look at that guys. Sell out your animal sell out. Well, I'm a side air cat. And the secretary of the rhetoric seems to be patched it up against Syria and accusing it of maintaining weapons of mass destruction, chemical weapons. The Syrian responded by, uh, say that let's make the Middle East a WMD free zone. Do you welcome such a proposition and can you see if a situation where Israel will exceed to such a proposition on the roadmats are? Do you believe that the Sharonch response will help the roadmap or will handle it? Is it designed to circumvent it? Thank you, sir. On the second question, with respect to the road map, as the president has clearly now that we have a new Israeli government in place and now that we are close to having a prime minister of the Palestinian Authority appointed and confirmed by the PLC. And we hope that will happen sometime in the next week or so. When Abu Mazm is confirmed, we're not on Abu Mazm. We're not on Abu Mazm. We're not on Abu Mazm. We're not on Abu Mazm. We're not on Abu Mazm. We're not on Abu Mazm. We will release the roadmap as it was written last November as it was finalized last excuse. The roadmap, of course let's talk about is this new map of the new world, the new world, the one at the WFW, join together there with all the arrows and the different colored maps and shaded and creole. 560 pound fine. Yeah, basically for the president to keep it simple. There's the good guys in the evil. There's the good guys are all in red and the bad guys are in blue. Can like the Electoral College map. How many QAAM? Nobody there. Shame on you, man. Shame on you. We're doing screenless and they can't let it ring. Hate that. WQAM. Yeah sir. Hi, my opinion the two greatest obscure recording artists, Michael hedges and ony de Franco. It's pretty funny. Dony de Franco? Don't honey. I was a Danny. I need a Franco and I. Little orphan, honey. Yeah. I don't know if anything I do is talking about you. Yeah, I know any de Franco. You do? Sure. He didn't say Andy de Franco. He said, honey. Right. Well that's maybe how she pronounced that. It could be. What's your name? Right. I could have been wrong on my life. On you de Franco. Well you want to put that down. Go ahead. Are we putting it on her? Because I need to know. Sure. Yeah. On you. She's like one of the de Franco with twins. Who was the best all-time recording artist who was not a big star? She's part of the de Franco family, ony de Franco. Little evil Carl Perkins, courtesy, Kate Bush, Conway, Twitty, Frank Zappa, Gilbert O'Sullivan, Dad, Dad, Dad, Dad, Dad, Dad, Dad, Dad, Dad, Dad, he's annoying. Dad run, grin. Archie Bell in the drills. Or is that Archie run, Dale, and the Harry Connicks Jr. Maxine Nightenkill, Roger Whittaker. Oh, god, did I despise Roger Whittaker, talk about a big fact corn ball guy. And the worst part of is there were some his albums on the informers. I saw that. Oh, did he do dare and tell? He did whatever he could. He ripped off. He was like the plot cast and over music. If you sang it, he'll do it. Willie Dixon, darling love. What was her big hit? Dota. Come on. Sorry. She was good, darling love. She wasn't enough as she is perfect for this list. Excellent for this point. Darling love. Oh, today I met the boy I'm gonna marry. And wait till my Bobby gets home. Both kind of marginal hits. The first one we got to number 39 next one at 26. Born Darling Wright, 1938 Los Angeles, lead singer of the blossoms. Well, I never knew, sang lead on two songs by the crystals and with Bobby, socks and the blue jeans. Her sister Edna Wright was a member of the honeycomb. How do you like that? That's a start and off Broadway show leader of the packed lady. Denny Glover's wife and all three lethal weapon movies, Darling love. How do you like them apples? I don't understand who that is. Sure. Darling love. Timmy Euro. Ronnie Spector, who was lead singer of the, um, Surrell's. Rupert Holmes, Chris Ketter. I like it like that. Epilonia. No, apelonia. No. Leon Redbone. Geno Vanelli. Geno Vanelli sounds, I know who that is, but I always sounded to me like a ball player. Yeah. Monte Hoopel, the Walker Brothers, the great Walker Brothers, the Sirsonic and a shy anymore. Lloyd Price, craftwork, rock music, book or TVMGs, many Rupertons. But a high-squiky voice, Nick Low, it's a beautiful day, Linda Perry, Syndicate of Sound, or is there hits in the guitar sound? Dota. I do. I'm not looking to have a book, I do. Syndicate of Sound. I can hear it. I can smell it. JJ Kale, Steve Alimov from Rochester or Buffalo, somewhere I think was Rochester, Steve Alimov. Every day he has to cry some because they'll be with I know from him now. Audience and what was the last one? Any what? The Franchity. Any defranco of the Francho family. What about the Cowseils? What about them? Should we put them on there? I thought they were big, but what do I know? Yeah, the Cowseils were big? Sure. They had more than one hit. No, the cow piles are big is what you're thinking about. The cow, they had some hits, but they were like a big. The room, Parker, let me ask you something. Can I ask you a question? Little Eva. All right. We just died. Okay. She wasn't obscure. We're not at seed. Some of these people keep saying obscure. No, we're not asking for obscure. We originally were going to say that. No. The best all-time in Corners are to was not a big star. A little Eva was she was like a minor star. And I would say the same for the Cowseils. They were like big stars. The minor stars. Okay. You got it? Got it. Cowseils get it on there, baby. Oh. The rain apart the, uh, here. So the girl that floured the cow piles. Here's sports radio 560, 2AM. Where are it? Beaded. Well, the one I ought on WQA's. Never watched his hair or seemed to have a care co-bane. His name was Kirk. Now he's pushing up dirt. Cobain. White thing drew from his chin. Do in Harrow, win. Cobain. The film would yell like this. New bottle was hot. And now it's Kirk. They ain't got Cobain. He got hot. They're good by the, they die. Oh, babe. Made a minute hour never took a shower. Cobain. He's a number one hit in Heavens. Big much hit. Cobain. He'll be Elvis the King and say grunge was my thing. Cobain. So if you're filled with doubt, don't take Kurt's way out. Cobain. He got acid. Good vibe and he died. Cobain. Okay, JJ Kill wrote Eric Clevver's cocaine song. Refects with somebody historically. He also wrote after midnight. I didn't like that. Okay, we talked about after midnight before. So it's a damn good thing. And George and I both voted already. We can put the pull up Eric. Beiner boy. We get the pull up there now. Got it? We got it. Some people can actually go. We can add to it, of course. Is Beiner boy still working on bedtime stories? No, working on the poll and the website. But we're going to be a role. Don't be working on your poll in the middle of the show. Okay. Unless you're a Jane looking. Roy, if you can and guitar hero inspiration for Jimmy Hendrix, what do you say? He sounds off of the press, Beiner boy. You've been treating him like crap or something. What's wrong? He's hungry. He's just said that I'm back. Must have been those dozens of bedtime stories. I apologize. There were way too many today. But there was not a single one that I could exclude. You know, no, they needed to be on there. They were all about. Very good of that website. And so my great job on a website by Carlos and of course, then there's always Eric. Roy, you can and a good time hero inspiration for Jimmy Hendrix. What do you say? Rob, you can and sure what about five facts. I'm thinking of like Roy head. Remember Roy head? I do actually. That, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that song. Oh, and by the way, Syndicate of sound, I didn't look it up. The, hey, little girl was there hit. Right. A little girl. There we go. He's a crappy look like. Edgar winner and Johnny winner. Turn and or how about Jonathan winners? All right. Whatever. I don't care if this, I'm not keeping track anymore because the list is going up. Here's a fact that Steve Alemo and the red coats. I don't, uh, also, you know, temper, a tempo and a full Stevens. That's a good, the listing. The purple. They weren't big stars, but remember that? You know, temple and April Stevens. In fact, I think I met them in temple once. Did you go the list continues growing? You can still add on. We got a lot of stuff to do in this new new one. I already, then we got the mad dog at one. The hump we're going to be back if we got any word on that. Nope. Is there anybody around in that joy? It is like the buff showed his push? No. No, how about clearance? No. No, but that's around. The run, the given it said hi and, you know, ball that's, that's funny. I sure miss him already. You know, he's good. That's good. He comes in just to, you know, not anything special just to make sure that we know that he's there. In case we need something, which he can't handle anyway. But, you know, he's around. Clarence on the other hand is like plainly and real away under the radar. He's flying about two feet off the ground. As opposed to some of the people in a building are far like 30,000 yards off the ground without a plane. No U.S. no saw to me. S. D. Friedman is Lom said the Iraqis. They're shouting their screaming. Baghdad, anti-American protest intensified in the Iraqi capital and in southern Iraq today. As U.S. occupation forces struggle to secure the country after topping the regime of Saddam Hussein. Exhaust rate at U.S. military officials tried to hamper the media from covering new demonstrations in Baghdad while some 20,000 people in the Shiite Muslim bastion of Nazareia rallyed against the U.S. railed against U.S. stage meeting on Iraq's future reported to Agent's friends, press. The protests came as Americans delivered a first progress port in their effort to restore Iraq to normalcy and had off a course of criticism over continued lawlessness and lack of basic services. By the way, no electricity in the museum. I should point that out too. Right, no, the museum. We promised we would guard and protect and so on, not even any, enough. Some 2300 Iraqis gathered today outside the Palestine hotel where the U.S. marines have set up operations base for the third straight day of protest against the U.S. occupation. For the first time, visibly angry U.S. military officials sought to distance the media from the protest, moving reporters and cameras about 30 yards from the barbed wire entrance to the hotel. We want you to pull back to the back of the hotel because the Iraqis are only performing because the media is here, said a Marine Colonel who wore the names are Kony, but wouldn't give his first name or title. The crowd later moved to the nearby square where the statue of Saddam Hus toppled Wednesday to signal the end of the regime. As three of the Marines armored amphibious vehicles passed by the chain and no, no, U.S. A meanwhile demonstrators marked to the center. They predominantly she had seven city of Nazarena, chanting, yesterday freedom, yesterday's law, I'm not a American, I know to sign up. How do you think these people are going to receive Franklin Graham when he shows up? Dancing in the streets with his board again Christian entourage ready to convert all these smoth ahead the infidels with love. Yeah, I don't think so. I couldn't wrong, but I don't think so. I hear this article on in a very early to where we something twice in the same day. We like playing the same bit twice in the same day. Not a good idea. No, but in this case, I'm making a reception. I think a very good idea. Mark Mark Coppola's in the Chapel Hill News writes a column. This was written last Friday, April 11th. And I still say this summarizes in just about three or four easy minutes here, or maybe listen then. What it's all about? What's going on? Media failure. He writes it's reported that more than half of Americans believe that Saddam Hus saying is responsible for the terrorist attacks of 9.11. But this means that the U.S. media have utterly spectacularly, shamefully and pathetically failed. One of the most interesting aspects of this war has been the overall superiority of the Internet as a source of news, in many cases, of course this actually means access to news reports from all of the world's media except the U.S. To the majority of the world's citizens will pose the war really just hate freedom or they're getting better information. And anyway, without the Internet, we are truth deprived. In one sense, the U.S. mainstream media has proven their total irrelevance to use an accurate information source tragically, it is worse than that. They prove that they have neither the professional journalist to integrity through the individual ethical foundation of resisting and listed to support a war that they have all people are where is based on lies. First off, all you war drum beaters and troops supporters out there said in your outrage letters, all I ask is that you provide a shred of real evidence of weapons of mass destruction and Iraq, or tell the readers that the Bush Khabal didn't lie about the Ford documents, reporting to prove Iraq had a nuclear program, or the plagiarized California grad student's thesis that coal and powlcane came from un-inpeachable sources, or the aluminum tubes that no one in the world considered evidence of nuclear weapons construction, not even the Pentagon fundamentalists who cynically put forth his nonsense. I urge you to write, but spare me the sanctimonious unpatriotic smearing and give me some facts, and please don't play these support to troops' bait and switch game. The Khabal, a board of alderman, got snookered on that, when even going so far as to say they wanted the troops to have alder logistical support they needed to complete the jobs. Translation, now that you're stuck fighting a war that we already understand to be illegal on unnecessary, we will stand by quietly why you kill thousands of Iraqis, not only young men in poison Iraqi army, but more than the thousand innocent people. And we'll lend many thousands more, including young children when their arms blown off, or blinded by a trap now, it will stand by quietly why you die get wounded or psychologically warped. Supporting the troops apparently does not include opposing the use of the cleat of uranium shells that ruined the lives of tens of thousands of wealth or veterans, and we'll do the same disco around with Burliya mentioned in the media, though so intense and supporting the war effort at the expense of authentic journalism. Not to mention the hell of a experience of war itself. Fetter and more correspond to Chris Hedge's recently wrote an essay of the crying the censorship that has kept images of the two faces of wars destruction out of American living rooms, if we saw the deep psychological scars of slaughter, the way it mames and stunts those who participate more for the rest of their lives, we would keep our children away, he says. Supporting the troops also apparently does not apply to the media that have glossed over ignored the lies in bribery that laid the groundwork for this invasion, pexol Lake City where she lived. What did he die for? Puck project for a new American century in your search engine. The late 90s think take membership reads like the Iraqi war chicken-ock roster, wolf awaits Pearl, Cheney Abrams, Jeb Bush and more. It's a simple doctor they crafted, enlarged U.S. power and resource control by expanding the military, choosing a conflict that would result in a quick win, and an impressive shore force to the rest of the world, Iraq was single out by them as the preferred country, and then continue on to invade other countries with Egypt and Saudi Arabia mentioned in order to gain control of the many specifically. Could we really think that the world's most incredible military machine would not inevitably attract the type of maniacal people that throughout human history have always been attracted to positions of enormous power? Do we think that these people, even though they exhibit the same disrespect for truth, the same propensity for self-aggrandizing, but the same content for democracy and freedom, as petty power grabbers through the ages, are somehow more trustworthy because they are Americans? Here's a quote from one of the most powerful people in the world today, Richard Pearl, close advisor to Bush, was also known in Washington as the Prince of Darkness. If we learn our vision of the world go forth and be embraced entirely, and don't try to piece together clever diplomacy but just wage total war, our children will sing great songs about us years from now. I'm Sabha Abam. That's a keeper. Son, our website is the first event time story of Hiddler's voices by Mark Markopple's Chapel Hill news. There's colonel panels still rammed it away. Total cell out colon, okay, total bidder disappointment. You'll Canadian response. There you go. That's right. There's still pistol escredions. I mean these are Canadians up here. Where are you from? No, I'm Canadian. A. Oh, and also. Which we touched on. I'm sorry. I didn't realize the other caller was also wrong. It's not an August at Table. Sometimes when is it? What? The big to do with the baseball hall of fame. Oh. It's like it's later in a month. But in Roger Conner, of course, will not participate one of the great baseball writers of all time. As most sports fans know by now, our Cooper-Stown celebration of legendary bull-droom film featuring star Susan Surrend in Tim Robbins and Robert Wool was abruptly deep six by baseball hall of fame, Hancho Dale Petrusky, a former White House assistant press secretary and a Ronald Reagan, and perhaps a Carl Roe Prodiget. We noted in our live. This is on buzzfly.com. We noted in our live.bushfly.com breaking news analysis that Petrusky who claims his a neutral museum administrator had no compulsion about having every fly-share speak about politics at a 2002 lecture series sponsored by the National Baseball Hall of Fame. Now we've been alerted that Petrusky also had Ken Duberstein, a chief of staff to Ronald Reagan, speak of the National Baseball Hall of Fame lecture series in 2000. Duberstein's topic, the 2000 elections. Here is the description of the Duberstein lecture from a late 1999 National Baseball Hall of Fame release. Special guest Ken Duberstein, former chief of staff to President Reagan, will share his White House experiences and discuss the upcoming 2000 presidential election. Currently, he's chairman and chief executive officer of his own independent bipartisan planning consulting company. In addition, he was recently appointed a co-chair of Ethics Committee for the West Olympic Committee and chair of the 20th centuries fund task force on government organization for foreign policy. Petrusky hasn't had any Democrats appear at his National Baseball Hall of Fame sponsored lectures, but he has had Duberstein and Fleischer appear at key times that they could influence public opinion. In short, Petrusky seems to be taking the National Baseball Hall of Fame for a bit of a partisan excursion while canceling an April 26th and 27th Bull Droom celebration abruptly a new letter with an up-risk of pro-Busch Peek. Petrusky isn't backing down on his anti-free speech squashing of the Bull Droom festivities according to an April 12th associate of Prystery which is in here. It's on our website from BuzzFly.com. How do you like that is during an institution left in the country? No, that isn't marching far to the right. No. Huh, their goose dev and man you can hear the sounds all the way up here. They're goose in it. 560560. But we should not be surprised. 5-560 on the AT&T and Verizon. The pole is up and Frank's app is in the lead. Oh, it's the pole is finally up there. Who is the best all-time recording artist who was not a big star? Frank's app? What? I figured he'd win. Smarty pants. I didn't like that Carlisce. He knew who was going to win. No, I didn't want to win. Why do you have to look at this? Killed a couple hours in the three. Frank's app, a eight, Conway 22. Well, it just went up there. So everybody's got a single digit. Small digits. Except for Frank's app was got a big digit and he's he's singing in that big thing up there in the sky. Any? Hey there Bobby Brown. Love Frank's app. One of the all-time best. You reminded me of Asia's born. What are you laughing about? Look. Yeah, he just kind of a goofball, you know. Stone out of his mind all the time. Goopball. Funny names for the kids. Like Donnie Marie. I mean, I still can't get over that spot. And they play it on his first on least. He'll be all the time over and over and over and over and they play that spot. Couple of ready to be a bunch of bloody magicians. For check. And, you know, you're the fast get so these are as bad Quinn. Nice going, Pat. Oh, I'm a kid that Phil has that lineup on Wednesday. Please. How about a day? 12 13 at 560 WQM balanced for life will help you lose that weight and it's a piece of cake. You won't have any cake, but it's the leastest way to do it. Everybody who's fat, including me, we'll try everything out of the sun to lose weight. And we have some people in the building who are like so desperate like the beast that we had to stick to him on balance for life to save their lives. And I think that's legit. I think we added years to that to punish life. So we better appreciate it in this Friday when we both weigh in. You got that? Got it. Friday morning. I'm hopping on the scale again. I'm a digital scale. I'll give you an honest reading was 192 and a half yesterday. And we'll see how to beast is doing. He's lost 60 pounds. It's not bad. He's got a long way to go. And whether you got 10 or 50 or 60 or 100 pounds to lose or more, balance for life is the easy way to do it because you don't do any figuring. They figured out all our for you based on the zone tide. They count our all the carbs and a whole deal and they balance on our foreign prepare five great meals every day. They bring your little black sack. You don't have to shop for anything in your sack or three gourmé meal. Two delicious snacks. Everything fresh nothing frozen nothing pre-fab milk chemicals and they use only the best ingredients you'll be amazed at how great looking and tasting that food is. The only choice you have to make is be tweet two alternatives for each meal every day that's trying to program. Got that good. Call balance for life today and you'll lose that way. They easy delicious way and watch the pounds melt off and you'll have a big smile on your much thinner push. Balance for life. Call them today and check this out. Please nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine or visit their website at balance for life.com. Howard David's a bitch coming up tonight on inside the behind the true honey with celebrity music biography profile story we take a good heart and still looking to start out. He sang the stirring ballot called holding back the years which was about I have no idea he was simply ready. His voice was beautiful but how do you hold back years anyway? Gavin pictures one of those guys from some half past entertainment magazine wins up being interviewed but we can't find anyone famous to say anything and what is that thing where he goes strangled by the wish nicks and beta or whatever. He's just deliberately confusing but simply read front man Nick Huckner defends his interpretation of the song. Look it's very simple holding back the years thinking of the fear I've had so long when somebody hears listen to the fear that's gone right. What does that mean? Well he's in it obvious it's not you see I didn't hear you you turned on the blender what I never mind what about when you sing chance for me escape from our live known nothing have the chance to be good nothing ever could okay one is Nick Crystal clear that I'm actually saying Jeffrey. So to get it I who keeps a bloody jackhammer in their cupboard. Simply read one big hit dozens of dumb ass words it's a big juicy shopping went look at show business tonight on inside of the hide you know some people might take his steps to this but I happen to like simply read and I'm putting them on a list I like that okay I think what happened to that I think you didn't like simply read no I didn't I did I still do so John Faxes in and says a few from the 50s and I'm gonna put both of these on air too and so will Eric whether he likes it or not link Ray remember rumble by Link Ray and the Ray man and Gene Vincent B Bob Balloulan cap of a record and we're like was just yesterday but 1958 two good ones not two big stars but like memorable and pretty good also I guess that's it Frank Zapp has got 18 votes and I'll tell you Todd Rungren if I had to do this over again I might change my vote Todd I saw the light was on my old-time favorite records remember I saw the light yep I wish we had that I'd play it right now I love what a great song it's just he was great and produced for all those people and just phenomenal right well he's in second place time with honey different go yeah I don't know who that is I'm sorry what does she do again music and Frank oh she must have a lot of time to write the music up there any thing yeah in the attic and all I'm not playing using the oh Willie Dixon 3 Conway 23 Donnie Iris 3 Gene Ovenelli 3 the cowpiles have a parent to walk over there's that two one of those is my vote and you voted for Kate Boach I seen it yeah well you skipped over rocks music for some reason what do you mean when you're reading down the list you want to add next to the gut for well that's because I was talking about the Anne Frank in the attic right in music but it killed a lot of good time 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and for reason I can I throw out can I smith can this thing now about the big over I guess I'll be one more time the big always there right now and McDonald's till two o'clock for the McDonald's touch release day at 62 or four meramar parkway just west of 441 by one item and get one more produced a penny and the big goes even providing the pennies for all your skin funds I think I have an idea who's going to be over there probably trying to get the big goes whole roll of pennies I'm not going to mention no name plus while they last a pair of marlins tickets the last until the paper probably wears out when you think it's my Thomas tax relief day with the big oh on meramar parkway west of 441 it's going on right now till 2 p.m. don't even bring the pennies because it's pennies for murmur 5 6 7 0 5 60 let's add a few more shall we WQAM QAM hello yeah what's up the meal speaking they'll hey done what put in a couple uh vote for your of secure recording artists okay about uh T-rex or sweet T-rex is good number sweet no fox on the run a little willy oh sure yeah one out to ain't bad thanks T-rex we're going to put these on air water is there so we don't want uh a whole series of hits in their heyday sweet yeah and then this I don't consider them obscure I got their greatest hits above the right but see you're getting sucked in because he said that we're to let me one more time okay I realized it's our new to one hour and I don't want to pee on our parades since it's such a beautiful day here in sub-affordered reason to shade who was the best all-time recording artist who was not I underlined that I was a sit on there yeah it's even an aircon underlined it who was not a big star right was sweet a huge gigantic group in their day they were big especially down here I heard them on the radio all the freaking time on this station no less on QAM on QAQAM on the run every five minutes for the like it or not QAM we're going to do something about him that Mark Morgan I'm serious we're going to send him off on a ship I like Booshambi a lot but we're sending to him away for a happiness unplanned some people need an implant they need an unplanned well I'm looking at this up I want to see how many big hits sweet hands all your blitz little little willy yeah fox and a run ballroom blitz action love is like oxygen oh yeah top rock rock rock say that again pop rock group forming an England Brian Connelly on vocals Andy Scott Steve Priest and Mick Tucker Connelly died of liver failure I'm a kidney failure 2 10 97 age 52 you know every time you look up either a movie star or a rock star somebody in the group or sometimes the whole group or an individual singer they never come to like a happy end you know what I mean who does just like all those child stars oh you want to blow your brains out when you see what eventually happen most of them god besides run Howard can you think of one that wasn't screwed up robber Blake oh sorry five six seven five sixty pound five but you keep saying he did the right thing he did the right thing I didn't say that at all I'm going to go out and get the tabloids you're going to some real good stuff in there plus tomorrow's Wednesday we got that big Wednesday new no one comedy bits are I don't know about you but I'm getting a little burned out on the mobots you know I'm having no compulsion with ripping that silly old man and answer be able I just I don't know I'm sorry because he's so friendly towards you lately now that's got nothing to do with he's not friendly to admit get lost though you think he's sketchy old cool you idiotic old piece of turd oh and last week we did the whole the new to one hour with mobots yes that said he loved it so much he taped the whole hour I should have said no no WQAM you're certain speaking hey Neil I'm done okay I'm like that a couple of you don't mind go ahead one or two five little little feet to ban all little feet I think I hate to tell you this but I hated little feet because I'm zeta when I worked on zeta they played little feet like every two minutes I hate them but that's okay it's good well I you know something because they they weren't didn't get much airplay at all they started in 69 I've been a good great rocker old man okay however one other one now Danny more don't as a buddy Marjona's in the uh the swirl of the night now if I could fly I thought he did that thing uh something in the night if I could fly it was been talking about the same song okay oh okay oh it's okay it was a song I didn't know we got it thanks a lot I thought when have we done this one before Benny Marjona's I don't know what the hell was that start a hiccup no I don't mean that I mean what what are you playing what is always Brazilian big band music oh I like that that would be perfect to the more Howard David it's you thank you Barb got a new box of CDs oh Benny Marjona's into the night isn't that what I said that is what you said what did he say I don't know if I did I had a wrong listen how many look when you got a mind cluttered with horse racing and harness racing stuff I don't have room for all these design I do pretty good I can usually tell you the label the artist the the serial number the song and what data was recorded you know if it's something I like little feet and Benny Marjona's and it was okay into the night had its moments well we did one hit wonders didn't Benny Marjona's do pretty well I did it recall and you'll be pleased and then I still have all of that stuff all those all in my bottom drawers down here I still have all of that so one of these days when you people least expect it and probably least wanted we'll bring back that one I wonder stuff do a run huh that way was pretty good stun I had a lot of fun the only problem is I spent about fifty thousand dollars going out there and buying music and of course if I had any music capability audio capability and computer and in this morning Georgia saying well you could always burn stuff out of CD yeah yeah no you think that Bob or most came up here bought me a I mean I'm even gonna talk about it what's the use it's the beesley's baby it's the meese meese and then of course look down on the floor there right by your feet and you'll see that real nifty come down I paid for well it works like lightning yeah WQAM yeah sir yes I am I got one that didn't live this is a good yeah the dixie chicks yeah you know it's how he was sounding like he was squeezing his big toe when he was Santa he did say dixie chicks didn't yes chicks okay I'm going to make sure twenty seven past noon as five sixty WQAM fantastic Tuesday what do you think the temperature is around here Celsius Bob third man close in fact you know something let's see human X 20s avoids hot it is hot or in a witches uh behind look at that the mighty dutch beat the red one is there's the tape again oh boy Brian marine acrobaton d'etra that makes me so pleased I know it's gonna piss off a lot of those phony red wing fans under in South Florida all these bad wagon jumpers wouldn't know the goddamn wet wings if you stuff Steve Eisenman's nose in her butt they'd probably like it let's see a POP 30 30% chances showers and what's that temperature baby in uh UV see they go through this whole long song in the dance on city pulse here all I want to know is the temperature mainly sunny and right now as I speak in the GTA 24 it's 75 oh it's just past noon can you believe that that's incredible what's what's the temperature there give her take we say like 80 about and they're predicting the higher 83 today it's gonna be the temperatures about the same so it needs to be there you know right come right down oh I know 28 past noon a QAM hey if you want to get a real job and start making some real money and get out of your dead end if you feel like wasting your time go to work every day and get a crappy paycheck like Carlos does call our friends it fast train and get yourself a new high-paying computer job and just for short months they can have you trained already to rock and roll in a great job making a big fat worthwhile paycheck it's easy just call this number one 866 fast train they are for convenient day even and we can classes for you you can check them out of the web if you like it fast train dot com before you call and of course because the applications all over time you don't have to slip long to get there to get your training because fast train has got their locations in Miami Kindle, Pembro Pies and Fort Lauderdale there is bound to be a one year by you so get out of your dead end job once and for all and get trained for a computer job that's gonna pay a big bucks at fast train register at fast train dot com receive your free American flag bumper sticker and wave that baby proudly call fast train today one 866 fast train my life and look this is for trail 56 you anyway yeah this old man dignity he had and he oh best he had a heart attack had a lack of animal stone next time he's not coming home hey just a delight that you know what this time with the president this is with his name's bush he's a hemorrhoid in the touche he picked a guy who would die so we be alone there's nothing in his empty home come for any good five six you have a happy two that you got a great day for the Irish the aguy I'm not too good for the Muslims here's the fact that says I can name you a few child stars or still successful in not so screwed up curr Russell very to Goldie Han ride right and I know who else I think is taking a shrine to curr Russell now that Walt is dead who's that I swear fell on hunt Helen hunt yeah yes oh yeah I think I saw a thing on the biography channel about Helen hunt and Jody Foster or Jody Foster's not a little screwed up well I always thought he had a little um I mean she how would is that maker screwed up what what are you trying to say we're trying to say this he's a die kid oh you're trying to say you're trying to say everybody's only speculating we don't know about that that's George that's making us calm it would never and if she is he's perfectly entitled to be a die cut and roll with that and one that's successful but but screwed up his drew bear more married as it in times it flew into our close personal friend I don't I can't handle her I don't know what it is I just something about she talks she's what it is she realized that they actually did cut off one nut I think that kind of turned her off a little bit huh I was wondering what the problem was that could have been part of it or maybe the fact that he was something who knows who knows what am these people are quite frankly who care they're entertainers why do we have to be so concerned with host who's sleeping with whom you want to know why cause we're nosy yeah and because it's something fun to speculate about sure to have a good time Neil read this says Pete three pages I'm actually this is Pete the chronic boardoff must be yeah now it's a Peter Peter enough to different Peter pumpkin he just says time to break silence US complicit in silence crimes against humanity I'm gonna save this for tomorrow because I don't have time to read it or do justice to it see what I'm saying three pages long right right cuder and tires mahal well you get to say if we get to say cuder a whole bunch of times then I say yes no who are those people I don't know touch my I don't know I don't know really could read just like saying it ride right cuder okay cuder cuder cuder I don't I don't find that that amusing you know I do yeah cuddy cuder cuder anybody else out there find it amusing how about you be a boy cuder I could have put on the list but I'm not doing it I'm not putting I don't know where I cuder on the list although people might be in gravity this is where Santa that much cuder let's just start saying that every day I show it to me I should have been with the show to that for a beautiful show sure so beats the mow how we're David show it about her piece who is the best all-time recording artist who was not a big star Frank Zappa 35 Todd Rungren 9 I like that ony de fraco seven rocks in use of seven conway to a twitty and hericonics junior and Carl Perkins and Kate Bush each have five craft work Willie Dixon genovanily they have four donny I was a old on the hours I've been for my glasses on I think I had something on the iris or my cornea donny aris and leon red bony chav three and that's just getting going here we got a hundred and some on boats it's only been up there for little one hundred and seventeen boats so it's up there for your perusel on amusement and don't forget we got about four hundred very important bedtime stories on there today for people who want to learn something about what's going on see I feel by doing that I mean there are some really you know concerned people who are going to waste their time with us because they're reading all of the websites you want to say right but not everybody's got time to do all that so I tried to do it for you and so we go to a lot of the different websites and find the stories that I think are the most important for our you do read not a lot of right-wing propaganda you can get that anywhere else everywhere like like on the like on the grudgery port oh 73% popular you should see it today you'd put in the money and that misguided you talk about a self-hating screamer I just amazing to me and how my good friend Lynn consort with that creature I had that he must have naked pictures or something I just understand it just the squeeze himself he reminds me so much of jomacarthi and where cone cat or Hoover are he fly sure did you say gay Edgar Hoover see there you go again first is jodie foster now's poor man misguided how about jodie tell me to qa m the old is in the latest right-necming story the latest one the latest right-necming story no you barely was driving a hundred miles an hour down the road to the sun for a while of lying but selling a hundred miles I don't know about bouncing off 12-home poles cars gently set up the houses so police said they suspect king was intoxicated king was black trace blah blah blah he didn't either my little game classy guy man did he great and this is why you're right it's a fantastic but not fancy guy I you know I say I say put them off there again let's see what we can do to him yeah you know great you 2001 PCP count in the in the exposure October this guy is a real classic okay thanks I'm okay thanks thanks thanks son sent a major combat declared over in Iraq let me will buy my co-beer be today's deadline but don't mind the details on the tax thing great in demand sentenced to forty years for sex with toddler I don't see the story huh you see it nope course I'm way over here by the tax machine put no on the sun sent a website right now you'll see news nation in the world I guess would be there right I don't want to take too long on this US so racky's open dialogue on a future nothing in your battle in California police did a test to see if the missing body is lazy Peterson breaking national news a Pittsburgh penguins fire Rickie Ho he's to look at peepin to the kihoe I don't see it there's something about Mike Oxlong yeah he gets around article in about Mike Oxlong I don't see the Rodney King thing but I'm sure somebody will find it instead of to us WQAM hello yes sir all right stop thirty man mad dog on a way to work you're not fooling us by the way get that red stuff off your post lip five six I'm for your porn he's got red stuff on us can you find he's all liquored up from the house he's still a booze over WQAM yes sir is this new it sounds like me oh good okay I mean I got a couple I'd like to put on air if I can sure go ahead for one or for you I don't know your armistice was a he went away the right armistice was not a was a huge star okay well let's go on a little bit more did a show yeah but he went he didn't have individual that's from the classics four right they had the no he didn't they usually singer on four their gold records though okay we can begin but we can put the classics for on there I like that okay great okay I used to work with him a little bit java jannie Americans were pretty big I would say okay last but not least doing eddy went eddy was a pretty big start to I don't know now he's good big to big for this thanks I'm with you I'm simply red too I I like him very much yeah it was great great choices by the way okay thank you thank you for the last six for the 2080 was a big big big big big big big big big gigantic fact you still have a tough times to have them pants five five six seven oh five sixty well you still hide his guitar pick under his pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line or what you're laughing about coutter huh I think we're gonna start a whole new thing in soft-floor maybe we've done it you know it's been a long time since we come up with a new expression you know I mean whole all the other stuff from years ago I was finding it's time you know but now coutter yeah yeah in fact don't we have a the coutter hunter yes we do yeah haha there it is today on coutter we're in watching the DC the nation's capital trying to get a glimpse of the hotel newly into we can recognize the kneeling in standby at plane features you'll never find the kneeling in town all checked out in bright colors not at all they're very ordinary look usually on the heavy side with large big protrudes like a huge two-can nozzle sometimes with big hair like in the 80s bomb juby pan ah see one right over there I could smell it from a mile away with the hairspray aquanette I believe let's see if we can get our attention hey sweetheart on the new freshman senator from Arizona you'll leave that with this accent you're really stupid how'd you like to take a Senate poll oh my she's in a crystal one well it looks like I'm gonna be busy for a while so and then let's time on good on remember that protection uh it's a good one hot it's a good one 1242 he said with a gulp coutter time let me tell you one thing if your carpet looks like crap if it's got all kinds of nasty rotten stuff and if it look and really she wants to hear the answer one easy call to my good friends at the dot concept so I've been using my house for over 21 years now and I'll do the same great job for you that they've been doing for me that's why I've been calling them every year because they make my carpets look just like brand new in a house where I've had a couple of dogs for many many years and all the other crap that goes on on a floor petal he knows if we don't want to talk about it it's not easy to make him look good but drag concepts drag cleans your carpeting and they also do a stupid job on your postory leather furniture area rugs your expensive renal rugs make them all look just like brand new at a very reasonable price and when it comes to price they give you a written guaranteed price before they start the job no rip off no tack on's no crap no game plan they give you the written guaranteed price they go about to in a job your carpets mill money first they're not a couple of hours and you'll be amazed you'll think everybody will believe they just had brand new carpeting lead right there on your floor so call them today called ride concepts tool free 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1 or log onto their website at dragconcepts.com with drag concepts it's true you're clean today and you can entertain tonight 5 is local this is 5 6 3 you're a huge this ring box TV breaks new ground that has a follow up to the smash head Mary by America box presents a show with even more on the line these three alkyna operatives will tell you about themselves they would meet past transgressions they'll introduce you to their families then after several weeks you picked a lucky terrorist that will be named by America let's meet a couple of the contestants right now and all my name is Tony I've been told over the word a most recently had a condolent as a robot before that I live in Pashto New Jersey I enjoy making my own exploding two laces and developing weapons and mass destruction in my own garage terrorist number two first of all i resent to use the word terrorist i am a freedom fighter here you are my name is Khalib shakyaburi i live in my car under the golden gate bridge with my nine untraceable cell phones in my spare time i enjoy standing anonymous threatening letters the congressman and i play doodoranami in the toronto players production of cats alright Khalib shakyaburi i think we've heard enough wait a minute what about the other guy i don't think there's anything to continue you are gonna be mained by America now when you say mained then what's that all about do i recover from this not so much not even after a link to hospital stay not so much oh yeah yeah live and pretty good i've lost a lot of blood but but i'm okay you can you can you win me by America you're free it's a top 47 and 56 to WQ and what about meatloaf says this one thanks what do you think and who's a big star yeah what's gonna say me most pretty big especially with granddad popular to find a way to do know uh who the comment is spikas on waxy from eight to nine a in this morning with defending cancer's recent atrocities so i don't regret that i'm not hearing it here's the article thank you over facts from the botting web website rodney king whose video tape beating led to the deadly 92 riots in Los Angeles was hospitalized with the broken pelvis after you lost control of his SUV while weaving through traffic at a hundred miles an hour and questioning what house police said how do you like that what a classy guy king 39 was spotted Sunday by a police officer said king was speeding and weaving through traffic in his 2003 for expedition when he slammed into a utility pole a chainling fence and then the home police said no one thank goodness in a home was injured king was in fair condition yesterday afternoon hospital spokeswoman Jorge Valencia said his condition was not available today as hospital officials did not answer any phone calls police said this is effective king was intoxicated all a blood sample was drawn to determine his blood alcohol level test results have not yet been released you know what i think of it a bit good or no the number oh king was not arrested but it reported hitting the crash circumstances will be submit circumstances or will be submitted to prosecutors police within the kathy kudor Thompson said king who is black was chased by police to the San Fernando Valley in 1991 was captured on video a big beaten by four white police officers after their acquittal riots broke out lasted for four days they mean 55 dead more than 2000 injured the man caused a billion dollars in property damage king later received 3.8 million dollars settlement from the city of L.A. and he's obviously putting it to good use he's gone runny you scumbag oh my god man WQAM oh ah yes sir yes I am got one for you okay spirit spirit I love spirit actually choice I got a line on you thanks well no quote why do you're head thanks we love spirit no no all you certainly that all the time don't have it no more I don't think it's probably around somewhere probably in here it's probably in that post ring cesspool we got off of the side there are 85 hundred CDs WQAM yeah mirror bar that's going to mirror bar hello hello yes sir okay uh don't forget report homes the pink a lot of song also a play right now search thing did we put root for oh ms honor he's already honored oh is he okay a spy report the bigo has a full house at McDonald's oh yeah since we're talking about what about ray remmon well you have mission ray remmon it alone now that was my money no no no no no see yeah hey remmon no chance good horses but he can get lost out there with the best of so can Ronnie Pierce when he feels like you're getting lost hey Ronnie you know you're pretty good but uh anyway I don't want to go into that thing okay get depressed we had such a great time at pompano park nice going our steven dick and Brian sears and Kevin Wallace and Brucey Ranger and once in a great great while wally henna see hey wally how's it going hey wally over here this way hit him again wally is your fading back in a mid stretch very always disappoints school wally WQAM hey now yeah our first lady of the day are only one oh you gotta be kidding now you're the only one I listen religiously good for you I just I have kind of an unusual situation in life I do listen to you every day and I have to say I'm a only born in shiksa from shaboygan as in Wisconsin although I live in qargo now I'm trying to remain anonymous good but I have the unusual circumstance of being born into a family in Wisconsin my grandfather's father was governor my grandfather's brother was governor and Joseph McCarthy was a regular dinner guest oh my god and my mom used to tell me oh my god yeah growing up how you know dinner was never served to attend there was at an awful lot of a surviving going on he would open his briefcase and he'd always have a bottle in there I mean up I eight years old I knew who Roy Cohn was right I think he was in the muddy cone he was a muddy cone I believe I think so I think it's just a rumor but also she was merrily divorced from the family with no representation got out with nothing but me and my brother and well subsequently the way I was raised she marched on Selma by the time I was 13 I was sitting on the capital steps okay just a few seconds I got a run I got to do the break oh you do yeah okay you want me to hold on no what's the upshot oh well I'm just glad to have such a broad perspective in life and what I'm saying is we're in extremely treacherous times and need to question everything and I teach my children question your government good for you thanks a lot we'd all got to run all right thank you Neil 1252 at five sixty qm and you want a great meal of feast animal coast Chinese buffet they were in sunrise north of my movies and now in Pembroke pines six different kinds of soups dozens and zittins of delicious crunchy entree beef and chicken and uh seafood all kinds of other good stuff oriental surf and turf on a weekends New York Stibstake made a war to the gourmet center sizzling Asian real featuring teriyaki steak and shrimp chicken seafood handcar primary and no headaches at the animal coast they don't use any MSG no corn they cook only with cholesterol free oils no crap the buffet at animal coast beaches a full salad bar new sushi bar and fresh from cocktail too and ever coast famous lobster festives back featuring lobster thermometers lobster biscuit and try to shovel some of dessert in your pants too because what a dessert bar with pines cakes pastries ice cream doggy favorite toppings and fresh food as well hey where to have about them leave school leave school baby three locations and several coastes and sunrise pine on a 44th street columns haven't just know at the 163rd North Lime Beach intersection of humongol and pevic roads in Pembroke pines nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two for the world famous animal coast best in numerous Chinese buffet five six five all right there's time a christher nation and they only want that's going now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing forget about Korean the notes they're told to let the right queen is really good over and over and to our head that is right as a fan of pastries structured you three thousand people who are now forgotten and exploiting its net eight their oil to be content going after septum to play kerosama there's no longer mention of the name in law this but no it's a good sundown of the in complaints believe in every word of this cartel administration that controls my fear through me the amendication and the right queen is really good over and over and to our head you turn and I beg as a weapons of pastries corruption the loss of civil rights is a price that we're paying we're all suspects now not the Ashbrock this thing I have nothing to hide table talkers all are saying I know idiot I don't know not any reservations that will provoke that a lens world annihilation older jeans must fall and how the virgin is known with no objection at all till the friend don't have the home and the right queen is really good over and to our parade was hit i bag has a girlbons in the president of a people were just going nuts today right brit80 send us a good a if he's trying to kick his way out of that box 52 most for the That's the master. Todd Rungrin 13, Harry Connid Jr. 10. Carl Perkins and Conway Twitter each have nine. What about the Kuderman? I'll see you doing. So get on there and vote. Oh, you're guts out. We got the mad dog coming up next to Humpur hopefully we'll be back today. Any word? Nope. The Humpur will be back. Trust me. Three o'clock this afternoon. Bye bye bye. For else. What else? Thursday on holiday.