Are you ready for Neil now? No. Hey Neil, yeah. How are you buddy? Great. Never better man. Are you serious that it hasn't gotten chilly up there yet? I think about the 65, 68's perfect man. Oh, I love it, there man. Sonny, it's sensational. I love it, there. That place. And don't be picking on my good buddy, Mona. I'm always smoking a big fat one around the building this morning. Yeah, Mo loves to smoke. Big D. He had the big D. He had the big D. He had the big D. He had the big D. So man, I've got so mad that he went out this morning about new tennis shoes. Was he crying again, though? I heard that he had a big D. He was a big cloud. He was in a fog. Clarence is out of town for two days. Another job interview in Duster and it around here, like the like Sid Seasor. Seriously, I'm always sucking up with this now. He's like trying to jump on a bandwagon. He wants in. But it's simple. I mean, on the outside, look it in. Like a little kid is looking in an origin. He wants to be led in. He's pounding on a window. He wants in. It's your station. I just went space. Now that he's out for a cool. I am. Or he will clone. Who are you kidding? I'm John Wayne Gacy. He's my favorite clown. And also the one thing I do want to rip him and ask for and deserve it. So because you told me that he was defending Dave Van Boring. Yeah. Why not? Yesterday we had 80,000 votes and nobody even called it in and mentioned Dave Van Boring. It's suggested he be on the pool. So what does that tell you? He is terminal man. He's awful. You know, the internet had the traveling secretary doing it because Booge had diarrhea for 24 hours. Did he really? Yeah, we have footage. No, listen to this. We got actual footage from his house. You have him having just a 24 hour like screen. Here we go. Listen. That's all right. That's about right there. I think that's Dave Van Boring right there. Now listen to this. We all have an party tonight at Gacy for tomorrow's game. And we're having listen to this. They've never done this before. But we're having a beer bar, a liquor bar, and the Marlin girls. And lucky winner is going to ride around in the Marlin. Billy the boat boat with the Marlin girl. And we're going to try to go some Marlin girl. And then we're going to pay people's faces blue. And I decided I asked Howard if he'd come and we were going to pay me. Think they're blue. Yeah, we're going to spray paint. Oh, man. A lot of paint. Listen, we're going to come up with extra cans. I got a couple extra cans. I got channel 10 coming in. Fox Sports net. And I'll be on the game in a week with Joe Buck this week on Saturday. You can watch me from Toronto to see how pan I am. No, I won't be watching. I won't either. But have a great time. So you got to tell your one thing right now. Here's the challenge. You had 25,000. I'm a Tuesday was pretty lame. 28,000 plus last night. Still pretty weak. You got to get. I'm turning man. Yes. You ain't doing. If I don't get so embarrassing. If I don't get 30. I'm the pierce of the mugs up on a wildcard. They went to night and they couldn't. They're clinch at least a tie. And they can't even get 30,000 in that joint. Either when I give away 20,000 tickets. They suck. The fancier. It's a bit, I told you that. There's no one goes. If I was being a soured pushman, it's a true. Did you push late down? Did you know that we actually put cardboard cutouts of fans in the outfield seats just to make it look like there's people there? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. It's a pity. We have one of Jim Manage stealing a case of Ironic and from a liquor store. So what did you say about Dave and Boyne? He does have a hot wife. Oh, I heard he has a hot wife. But I was listening to the game last night. When they were, they were up to 6, nothing. I veered off the road. I mean, the guy listen. I don't know him from Adam. I love you. I don't want to care about Dave. I never met him. I hear he's got a much worse hairpiece than even Moe. Like he's smell of dude. It's called a game. It's like God, they're not going to go to a funeral. Yeah. I mean, what kind of a home run call is that? If you're right about living, if you're right about living. You're right about living. Man, he's a dairy. He's been doing for 25 years and he's still socks. Terrible. He's a nice guy. Well, I hate when he comes on the air. The friend's is rolling over. Yeah. Raven. He's poking Rosie Rosewell on the butt and sink. Can you believe this? How about he? Every time he comes on air goes high, friend. Yeah. Lany, freaking for two. Well, he puts right in with a whole ambiance of the pirates anyway. Then, we're going the best... My boat for best. My boat for best. What's castor is that? But then, scullie man. Oh my god. You even... Oh my god. Cooma in do, how could you even say that? Boorin. You're crazy. And the other pipe. Hey, pretty fun. My name is Ely Adels. I know, hitting my perfect game. Bye, guys. I love you. You've allowed your skill. I remember, Luke Snyder. He's more 60. He could look me on the other side. My favorite. my favorite guy is uh is uh Mike Lang the penguins and us. Yeah, I have a good my good buddy Mike Lang. I love him. What is that noise? Yeah, well, for Connoisseurs, the pocket and the leaf style of Amber left the go. All right. No, I got one for you. For you. You would see it. Let me just think I would see it. You start with you listen to me. Yeah, here's mine for you. Listen. Here's a point dating in 13. Oh, I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. Anyway, I run out anyway. Do you think I'm the one? I'm lucky. I see. I know. I know that. I'm a bull and got two votes. I don't know hockey from crats. I did it in Georgia. You talk about redness. Yeah. They're the worst. They got a nice team. They got to pull these in. It matters. Coville Chuck and he either good. Yeah. No one's going to be making fun of them in the next three years. Coville, chook. Yeah, whatever. Here. He's the fellow who I left off the pole and I bet you don't even know who he is. Who? Jack Quinnlin. I don't remember Jack Quinnlin. Jack Quinnlin, a great cubs announced. I got run over by a car. I got hit and got killed. I remember Jack Brickowski. He knows something that he knows back and we have. Yeah. He was even worse than Vince Kelly. Jack Brickowski was a cornpone. Yeah. There goes another one. Hey. Jack Quinnlin was maybe the best. There comes an answer even better than Harry. He was phenomenal. You know who's in rehab? Who's that? Darren McCarty again. Who cares? People would like to drink booze that want to see people say. Why would we care about Darren McCarty? I'm not giving him in. Nobody cares about talking about him. I can't do any kind of talk about him. He's not talking about him. He's less interested in Sapporo than hockey is harness racing. Oh, my god. I don't know. I wouldn't know. Leave our harness from Elden Harner. I'm God. I lost from Walter Ross. I used to go to the harness racing at the metal lands. When I wanted to clip my nails. Yeah. I used to know his jacket. Oh, man. All I know is first I love horse racing. But harness racing blows. Oh, Jesus. Have a great day. Scott. God. Come on. We're bonded with more. Are we here? Oh yeah. He was done. So I can tell now. When the mortician lifted up my skirt. He said, I live alone alone alone alone. He didn't do that. I didn't tell. I didn't tell. I didn't tell. They're bad. Your favorite Jewish rock and roll in the stars, your man. It's Russia. Shanna and out with their latest hits album. Suck up at the synagogue. My love has back in 2016. It's a baby. I love it. I love it. Yes. Russia. Shanna and I has reformed. I bring you 12 kosher tuss of hop and Hebrew ideas. That girl. It's a good for you. This album should be in every or the doctor's collection. Rolling stone gives it five stars of David. It all will never, never, never. Who wrote the book of Joan. Suck up at the synagogue. You from Russia, Shanna and out. I'm a great singer. I love you. With the synagogue. You from Russia, Shanna and out. I'm able to have all record stores. We'll talk twice when you get here. Still pass over this album. There he is. I'm a fan of this. Ten away to five sixty W.M. happy Thursday to it. We're bonding with Mo. I never thought it could possibly happen. Could it not leave you? You are anyway. George everyday. George has got another story about he and Mo were like taking a cramp together on the same bowl in a list. He was washing and I was washing it. We were chatting. I was chatting. Mo was smoking a big fat one this morning. It was a small thing that he was trying to get into. He got into smoke. He was smoking and he was like, you're such a pussy man. It's just it's embarrassing. It's just it's awful. A little freaking girl to cries all over to all over the place. That's wrong with it. This non smoking thing. If you can't smoke a big fat one while you're working, what kind of a world is it? Anyway. I didn't ask. Hey, Mark, but you shouldn't have to ask. ask. Hey, Malt, but you shouldn't have to ask. I think it's part of the bonding if you really serious about this about many of his fences and making up for you trying to get your ass fired and screw in my show. I think the leasing do is give you a big fat one. No question. Anyway, I got a flash from Bill. I'm not sure if this is the bill that hates you or a different bill. But anyway, it says, no, it's not because it says George. This morning, 624 AM, Howard was rambling about yesterday's sports cancer pool, which means he must be listed. How you doing? All my good close personal friend. I'm listening and saying how Neil began to actually say something nice about him blah, blah, blah. Anyway, he says his cleanest can be Neil. It's me. Mo. Absolutely. I don't really know what that means, but so in other words, I'm supposed to be saying nasty things about him because it's Mo. Is that it? I guess. Well, that's amazing. I think there's a possibility that maybe we'll be here from the audience or whether the thing is a chance for a grandfather and child reunion. Since he is all enough to be my grandpa, I should play that on my own granddad just to piss everybody off. Let me know when. Okay, significantly. I'll go take a look at how that will come out. Now, let's see. Fairbits sportscaster all time. And this to me, I was saying before to show you know, you don't really care about it. But it really is like a, it's a microcosm of part of what's wrong with South Florida lack of cultural interest. I mean, sports obviously to a lot of us isn't that important. It's relatively important. Some of us like it. Some of us hate it. But it's just an example of the narrowness of South Florida. All they know is freebies and early bird dinners. That's all they know. Nothing else. And the company's to come in is to, you know, that crap. That's that's all it is. That's why it's such a, it's a social cesspool man. It's a cultural septic tank. That's the problem. Do a pull on a great sportscaster of all time. And like, you know, they're really great. And I'm not saying that, you know, man dog one hands down and they love him. That's fine. Who's your favorite sportscaster of all time? I'm not necessarily the best who's your favorite. Right. Jim, man, it's 2016. Right. Nobody even close. I hate sports 160 12.9% this is out of 1232 Howard Cousel, 122. And then it's way down. I'll actually surprise in the drop off. What me? Yeah. Oh, no, I would have thought it would have been this one or that one. Yeah. Like you know, Harry, Carrie. Yeah, no, Harry, Carrie, but I don't know who's the favorite among these people. Well, Harry, Carrie's only got 62. That really was my asshole. John Madden 49, Mel Allen 43. I mean, see, right there, because to sure, John Madden only because he's been on the, you know, football games for like 100 years now. I like Madden. They'll be wrong. I think he's a hoot. He's fun. But I mean, to put him, I had a Mel Allen. And again, it's an age thing because we just don't have as many old farts. A lot of them did the terrible thing they went and died. But Gaudy 41, Al Michael's 40. Now, that's pretty interesting. He probably won't be too happy about that. Because his good close personal buddy, Al Michael's only got 40. Hank thinks Al Michael's is the cat's meal. I think he's like a lot of those people. He's like Dick and Berg over exposed man. He targeted Al Michael's. You know what I mean? I'm not already. I mean, he's better than Dick and Berg. But if he just too much, too much of a good thing is too much. Keep Jackson 37 one on your late. We apologize to Scott. He's very upset that his good buddy, Harry Callos did make it on. It's a good thing even in gun Ovoz. He sucks. Bob Prince 32, the great Bob Prince certainly the best baseball broadcaster in his be by far. Rick weaver 31, Mr. Weaver. We miss him badly and those white hankies. Vince gully 29. Can you believe for else, as Vince gully is the best of all time. Man, Scott, and any places on tape and a hockey with a trash should thing there. Do you notice how Scott is a little bit full of himself? Would he like an exaggeration? No. He's full of it. We love Scott for Ralph, but he's full himself. More Howard David at 28 right on Vince gully's ass. Did not not a bad job, Mo. My good post personal buddy, Mo. Red Barber 27. Marv Albert 26. He that'll make most day the fact he's edged out Marv Albert by a pair because he hates him like poison. I better do the break than we can waste some more good time with a results yesterday's pool and we got two polls today. Let's put the first one up Eric because I printed this thing out already. We yesterday we did Ted Kennedy beat out Bush handle it. I got the S.D. on seven at. I'll save these every day. If we had the election for president today and these were the choices who would you vote for. General Wesley Clark, George W. Bush or I wouldn't vote. Let's get that up there right away said it would come back there after the break. It's up there we got votes on it and they're like a hoppin on it. Because later on we got what I think is kind of a fun pool. We've done similar one before, but not quite exactly the same. What's your biggest gross out? I think I was inspired by the conversation with yesterday about people with right here. I shouldn't have that feeling, but it's just you can't help it. You know, it's like what's like. You can't control that. These things happen. If we had the election for president today, these were the choices who you vote for. General Wesley Clark, George W. Bush or I wouldn't vote. That's it. Hop on it. 1013 at QAM, a tensed audio mortgage shopper's out there. The following message could save you or Schmidt load a cash. 10's of thousands of dollars. The first rates for home loans are shooting up dramatically, but they're still interest rate available. It just 1.95%. That's right. Just 1.95%. From financial group call 1-800-940-land. It's true. The economy's changing. So if you even think about refinancing your home, or if you want to move up to a better real estate investment, this is what you ought to be doing as making that phone call today. To financial group at 1-800-940-land. Listen to the kind of low payments you have to make at this kind of a 1.95% rate. If you have yourself 100,000 loan your payments are only 8.00. Me or 368 bucks a month. If you have a 200,000 loan you pay only 736 a month. So call financial group today and get you the low 1.95% interest rate that you've been praying and hoping and dreaming a vote. 1-800-940-land. That's 1-800-940-LA-ND. There are an equal housing lender. Credit restrictions apply rates up to change monthly 5.19-APR. The most disgusting program I urge everyone to complain to this station. She's a perfect man. She likes to flash her panty. When she don't have those on you. She's hanging like the strongly on right bank office transit stop. Incultors transit snatch. Imagine what you can catch from an older snatch. Not a V.A.P.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R and call to transit snatch. Music on the voice, you're... making out her voice there. Walking with the bill, though, firmly guaranteed if her butt in call to transit snatch. And call to transit snatch. Rectom. Go on and go what it could hatch. Call us snatch. Well, I think the audience, you know that mufflands, he has very concerned about anch abductors. Whatever that is. 1019, 40 votes. It does not drop in there. Turn on your eleven fifty. I'm going to want to hear about it. If you are the selection for President today, do you vote for it? General Wesley Clark, about the first forty votes has got 27, 67.1%. Ted Kennedy on the other hand had a tougher battle on his hand wasn't close. Ted Kennedy had 52.3% George's W23.2 and 24.4% said it wouldn't vote yesterday. But today so far, General Wesley Clark is like often running baby. Anybody getting back to the poor result or should we take that call on six and see which quantity it is to think? Whatever. Just pepper pines on the famous line six. Hello. Hello. Hola. Hello. Can't hear or maybe the pod isn't even open. Scott is that possible? Because I can barely hear this call. It's open. Are you hearing him? Sure. I can't hear him. Well you've got to say anything right now. No, he is saying something. He's like a hundred thousand miles away. Like he's on your reign as I don't know. Well let me just see something here. Let's see how low that is. What are you doing with me? Why are you doing to me? Jesus, God Almighty, this Scott's union. I think it's sabotage. I was working. I think Ferrell was working. Everything. And in my right wasn't he sounded like he was about a million miles away? No. No. You could hear when he was saying, sure. Well I couldn't. So you got something picked up there again, Mr. Hot Shot. Mr. Scott Junior, Mr. I want to get paid. Even though I haven't got a freaking clue what I'm doing here. I couldn't hear him. And there's nothing wrong on his end. Believe you me when I tell you. Let's get an experimental call here. Come on. Somebody call in. So we can see what Scott's got screwed up today. 567.0560. Before I get rid of the rest of this poll here. Pound 560 on the AT&T line. Get somebody on the horn. Just for an experimental call to see what kind of technical disaster we have hatched here today. You go on six. WQAM. See, I can't hear him. I can't hear him. I can't hear him. Not saying anything. QAM. Ola. WQAM. Hello. Dany Beach. What is it? Dany Beach. Dany Beach. Yeah, but it's so that the level is so freaking low on here. What are you doing? What is going on here today? I guess something seriously. Any coinc...the...any similarity between our radio station and QAM is purely coincidental. See, Mo is finally cut on. I told you this before the showday. He's finally...droped his big heart on for us and he realizes that the problem there is management and the engineering and sales. All not necessarily met order. That's the problem. The establishment of QAM. Not us. We're not the enemy. They're the impediment to our success. It's got to be one of the great miracles in the history of mankind at this station as well as it does. I mean, let me just try a couple more, okay? And believe me, there's nothing on this in any different from what it always is. WQAM. QAM? See, they're dickin' with you on purpose now. WQAM. WQAM. Hello. Ditto. Yes sir. You hear me Ditto. Yeah, but it's not sound good. Not sound good. Ditto. Yes. Who's that? Can't hear you. I heard him. Real mess. Just in the sense, this isn't the usual, I mean, sounds like they're right next door all the time. Maybe there's something over here. I'm not your part and sounds fine here. Well, it doesn't sound fine up here. How do you like that, Mr. Hotchat? That's it. It almost affects how he's like covered up for Scott's ineptitude. Oh no, if he was in my fault. We'll find a way. We threw something all up. Ripping for it, but it's not him. This is what I first call. You're telling me you could hear the first call in the last six. Well, I couldn't hear him at all. Okay. So there was something dicked up on you right? Because I haven't changed anything. There's nothing to change. I have no control over that. See, understand? I've no control over that, Mr. Hotchat. I'm no control. This is always a good one. WKOM line nine. Can you hear me, Neil? Just barely. He's doing that on purpose. I'm not here. But we want him in low voice. You know who that is. WKOM, hello. Just barely. Yeah, just a little bit. That's our threat. Oh, that's our threat. Oh, oh, oh, oh. By the way, we got a vanhead today. This should be real successful. Miguel says I had several calls this week for the van to go down to this area. Well, I've our best in Neil merchandise to see these. I got my own low Howard David keychain. And you can get yours too. 11 AM to 1 PM that I had dream cars south. 174.03 South, 60 Highway down to South Day. And you can get all your good crap there. Got the mad dog keychain. They wildly popular Jim Mandage. From a Howard David keychain's less than wildly popular. But bonding with us desperately. Right. Maybe mobile CDN. And then we got the CDs of course. The 2002 2003 best of which have a lot of good crap on by the way. Got time again. I have no total. I have no number on there. And I realize it like everything else. It's just kind of like stuff shot. You know, we paste it all together. Maybe Miguel will give us a number. Maybe the guy will give it to him. Maybe he won't. And the idea. I'll do the best we can. It's all. No point in getting all better to shape about it. Because all we can do is the best we can. There you go. Under Make Believe circumstances. And I looked on a QA. Now let me just do it again here. Okay. I don't want to rip them and ask unless they deserve it. Especially since my close personal friend Josh Cortis has involved. Who happens to look almost human. It's a point. Look and now I don't think he's even here yet today. No. This was supposed to be supposed to happen today. I thought this was going to happen yesterday. It was a working progress yesterday. You told me that we're going to write a link. Working progress yesterday. I couldn't find him. But now that everybody got emailed this morning. Yeah. Ha ha ha. Ha ha. We don't want to make things happen too fast. I mean, it's such a big project to put another link on there to our fundraiser. Oh, please. It's just it's just pathetic. It is just for that. I'm going to leave down on a floor. Let me know when you guys are ready to run our radio station. Just just shout. Just give me a holler. Bring the phone or something. God. That's just unbelievable. It's a work in progress. How many weeks is it going to take to get that on there? Okay. Thanks. Thanks for the info. WQM phone line check. Yes, guys. That sounds pretty good. I don't want to talk to him though. I don't think he wants to. I'm easy. I don't know if I say. That sounded good though, didn't it? Yeah. Well, there you go. Well, I'll try to tell me that sounded just like the first one. It's not just like the first one. To you it did, but not to me. That's the point. I think it sabotaged. And by the way, did see gas like a couple of times. 26 after 10 at 5, 60 WQM. Here's a place that won't drive you nuts. Brandy shoes. They take all the hysteria of shopping for great name brand shoes. Brand shoes because it's a wonderful place for over 25 years. Then we can give in people a perfect fit as opposed to giving people fits. Rockports, echoes, mafisto, temperal and carcass, SES floor shum. Whatever brands you love, they got them for an exactly the size you're looking for too. At Brandy's in pop out of beat. So give your friendly personal service to make sure that you get a perfect fit every time. And no matter how big or small your feet may be, how petite or neat or whatever. They can fit you because they got men's sizes 6 to 15. Women's 5 to 12 and what's from the very, very narrow to the very, very, very, very wide. And you know what they say about guys with big wide feet. And with over 40,000 pair in their 8,000 square foot mega store, you can bet Scott Junior's life on it. Whatever you're looking for is ready for our test. Let's try it on your foot. Brandy shoes. They're a 12 night your federal highway. Pablo B. Chopin, daily 9 to 9 Sunday, 10 to 5 in all this week at Brandy's. It's a red tag sale. By one pair of red tag famous brand shoes, get the second pair for half price. Stop in or check them out on the web at Brandy's shoes. 5 at local, 6 is 560. 3 years old yours. PUEAN. That's no white association. Let's face. Most of us will never be rich. Hell, we probably won't even be successful. And that's pretty damn depressing. But as usual with every problem, there is a solution. Hi, I'm Jim and I'm going to tell you a little something about handguns. They scare their shit out of people and intimidate them and give you whatever you want. That's right, handguns. Think about it. Need some cash? Rob a bank. Don't have enough money for beer? Or the convenience store. Take some chips and pretzels wire at it. It's all free if you've got a handgun. Some son of a bitch, cheating on your girlfriend? Kill him. It's a simple solution, a life complex problem. Why have to do is wait the five days for it and happiness is just around the court. Hell, if you don't want to wait the five days who cares? By the damn thing of the street. Just buy a lot of handguns. It's a great alternative to working problems out and it can be considered a population control. Yes, handguns. They just might make your fans. Yes, we continue right in those agonchos spots here on QM. I want to apologize and behave with those of us with a conscience because it's embarrassing and humiliating. And we're a bunch of great robbers and I admit it. One student did a Minnesota shooting by the way. You're going to be good timing to bring this in? Just a coincidence. A freshman opened fire at a high school yesterday, killing one student who was going to be a second before a teacher apparently talked about and dropping the gun authority. And you want to know why? Why? You want to know why? People in America continue all ages, young and old, and everything. I'll tell you why. That's the American fucking way. That's right. Everybody's got to have a whole bunch of guns to make them feel more masculine because the America's got to be already complex deep seated. That is deep seated as the Canadian one. But they got a big deep seated. So they got to have like a big piece. The suspect was taken into custody at the late morning shooting at Recory High School in Cold Spring, a small town about 60 miles northwest of the 20 cities Minneapolis Saint Paul. Police said the 14 year old boy was not identified as cooperating with authorities. The motor for the shootings now yet. Maybe he was just pissed off. No, probably. Police, he filled down said there was chaos as police arrived at the school. One of the students were shot while in the weight room and the other shooting occurred in the gym. Aaron Wallen's a senior guy that the hospital after being shot on the face of Nick. Seth Bartel, a freshman is in critical condition with gunshot wounds to the chest and head. See, let me say it again. The fact that America accepts this as though this is like I've told you before the way that life is supposed to be. It just is not. See, this is not the way life is supposed to be. A bunch of lunatics solving their problems by blowing people away. Everybody running around with a goddamn bunch of guns. They're probably the real world of supposed to operate Virginia. But it does. Or Minnesota. Or any other goddamn state. How's that pull coming by the way? What's his name? Wesley Clark. See, I'm all for him. Only because he's not W. Bush. That's why. Yeah. 113 votes. I don't think we're going to anywhere near the 258 we had yesterday. We had a gigantic turnout in the Ted Kennedy Bush abaddle, although a Bush had a lot more votes. Then he's going to get today. 113 in general, Wesley Clark 76 67.2%. Do a 15 points better than Teddi did yesterday. I wouldn't vote 19 and G. W. Bush 18 of the first 113 vote. And let me say this Bush rating lowest ever. This is some good news. There's one. We'll get to that. We'll get to a bunch of stuff. Okay. Okay. There's a lady on a phone. I can see this will be the ultimate test. Because if it's a real lady, it'll be like a real call. Do you know what I mean? Mm-hmm. She won't be playing games with our emotion we take. Who's a lady and keep us game? Hello. Hi there. Yes, ma'am. I hear loud and clear. I'm a real lady. Okay. Just so you know that. Me too. Listen. Yeah. I'm glad I got you. I'm leading tonight for Amsterdam. Amsterdam. And I want to tell you that I don't know where to eat. We have a nice hotel. I think the sheriff's pollitzer. And that I would like some recommendations for us to where we should die. McDonald's. Any ideas? McDonald's. McDonald's. The food and Amsterdam is from hunger. It's awful. It's terrible. I hear that. Why is so bad? I don't know because their taste is in their touch. I guess I'm the busy side doing a lot of drugs in the screw and a lot. I don't know their food. I don't need, huh? Let me tell you this. The best bet. I know it sounds corny, but the best bet. They have like these, um, your steak eater? Yeah. Well, the best bet are like they have changed. These are little steakhouse, tains, uh, Argentinian steak. I forgot what the names of them are. But that's your safest bet. It's generally pretty good. And the, you know, the animals have been dead for only a few years. You mean I have to leave here and go there and find Argentinian food when I am here? Let me, let me see. Let me see. Nobody goes to Amsterdam to eat, okay? Okay. That's it. Keep that in mind. So get some of those pomas free. Does those big 45 pound the containers are fries and just water them out and have a great time. Are you flying on Martin here? Yeah. Is that how you got there? No, I'm not anymore. Now, because I fly from Toronto now, I go on KLM. I go looking at a real airline. No Martin there is fine. You know, you'll be a little bit cramped up and you won't be able to come up and you'll get a fly. Can't go up and you'll get a fly. Let's see. We're flying star class. Star class. What you'll be amazed at how a marginal land is. But at least the price is good, right? Yeah, I'll say. Yeah, that's the way to go. That's why we used to fly star class because the prices right. But again, it's like being a star dean. You'll do a love. Don't need to food on a plane either by the way unless you like to see bass or the wolf trout. Really? Have a great time. Have a great time. And to do a good time for a diet, trust me. Should I go to the red light district? If you're going to go to Amsterdam and not check out the red light district, why would you even leave the house? Okay, I'll report when I get back. Have a good time, also, believe me. Awesome, please. Right. Do we? She's going to Amsterdam. Well, that's good, everybody's not going in. Safe to go back. I told you earlier when you were there. Soft and it did. Well, I told you we had a lot of other reports. It went through a lot there. There were no tourists there, which means there was only Dutch people. And believe me when I tell you, don't want to go there when there's only Dutch people. Because generally speaking, there's people suck. And it's only been feel good. Now that Dutch people are not good. Generally speaking, they're pretty, you're miserable. They're one step away from the crowds. I see the young German people on the other hand are fine. The Germany's great. I know I should probably shouldn't say that. But Germany is wonderful. I'll deliver. You'll love the lever. And what a German sausage. The lever worst. It is the worst. Anyway, getting back to our pull result. Look at this. It's 1037 already. Haven't even come close to finishing the pull. Well, I'm just proud with a pull because it, like I said, it starts to show you. It's like putting the spotlight on what a vacuum self-floor it is. People are just, I mean, what do they know about it? But ask this question for many years. I've heard, man. I don't have a gun any ID besides pre-bees and early bird dinners. Like that thing we had the other day where Miguel was at the Brown County Convention Center. We raised 20 bucks for abandoned pet rescue. One CD he peddled because everybody else was lined up to spin the wheel for their free Marlon tickets. And they still only get 25,000 and 28,000 for the two most important games of the season last two nights. Was there any, was there a cloud in the sky? Was there any kind of a weather impediment? No. I already checked. I talked to my sources. Very, very humiliating, degrading and embarrassing. You just can't, you can't get a rise out of that goddamn town, especially this time of year. See, this is, this is like I said, shining the enormous gigantic spotlight from the sky. I'm what a vacuum exist there now. What is anybody ever coming back? Oh, don't think so. Jesus, God, like everybody bailed out like it was like a bubonic plague scare or something. And they just stayed there. I thought we'd want to get the audience all panicking. But that's what it seems like. Anyway, Marlon Albert at 26, so we'll be tomorrow by two. Nice going, Mo. Our good close personal buddy, Mo. Who was smoking a big fat one in the building this morning in the bonded with George lately? He's sucking up to us. I think he's going to a change of life for something. They can, got religion. Like he's like new year. Did I always try the one who always said there was like a soft spot in him somewhere? You said that. I think it's an effect. I think it's an effect. Only Harwell 22, Pat Summer all 21, the Scoota Phil Rosito 18. Offer, just one of the worst. Bill's in for 16. Myron, coped 13. Johnny Mouse 13, book, Chami 13. That's kind of a strange trifecta. Johnny Hershey 11, Mike Lang 11. Gene Deckerhoff, voice of FSU, Eddie, a 10-babe buckiners. I think. Any still doing a buckiners? Yes. Craig Cusick, Lindsay Nelson and Hank Goldberg, all those that each had ten. Gary Thorn had nine to kidberg nine. Jack Buck eight, Van Miller eight. See, this is what's gets silly when somebody's people are getting so few who really deserve to be way up their chicken at only eight. Mark Vandermir 7, Gene Hart 7, voice that a flyer's. Not a taste a tasty cake. You ever have any tasty cake? No, that's why he's dead too much. Then tell his six also dead. dizzy Dean five he's dead. Rick's generate is alive lost a lot of weight by the way. Listen good Rick he's great. Rick generates only get four votes. See how can there be a hockey team itself for it? Seriously. The says number eight glory and number nine. Oh, Anderson. Oh, man and glory. They've made a change on that play. Thanks Bill. And anyway, they don't know anything about hockey. That's why Rick you're at it. You're right. So we got four votes. Morty Glickwood's got four. Dick by Tallahore Dave Halberstam our close great personal friends got four. Dojo Dodgey Olos got four. Winnelly a three. Marty Brennan three foster hewetry Joe Bowlin three Chuck Thompson three. Skip Kerry and Bill hewety. He's have only two, which is an investment right Bill. What else? Chris Shankle end of which we spelled wrong. We apologize only one. Wait, wait. Rosie Rose Welch and Gordon George Kelly. One and no votes for Tom Redderman John Davidson Tim Riders. Jim Woods out of 1232. Oh man, how can there be sports teams in South Florida? So it used to be just the dolphins and you know what? What? That's what it should be now. There is absolutely no way that that area that that community will ever be able to seriously support. I'm talking about it in a meaningful way. I'm not just talking about have a bogus number of tickets that they supposedly sold for an NHL or NBA game and then have a bunch of people milling around in the hall because they would have no interest in what's going on and they didn't pay for the tickets in the first place. That's not a sports time. That's not support. See, that's just a phony baloney. And just like now, even these people at our show and our pretty marons, probably half of them are just for running phony jumping on a van wagon. Am I right Scott? You're right. I am right. Always. No, I'm not always right. In fact, sitting down here this morning was one of the worst mistakes I've ever made my life. 1041 at 560 WQM. Look at away General Wesley Clark has got 71 percent. He's pulling away. Like a secret territory, like a thundering machine down the screen. Oh, but he got 100 lines. It pulled away from George W. I think, I think, I think, George, I think Wesley Clark is going to spank his ass next year. Really do. With a paddle and maybe when you're election two. 1042 at 560 WQM. If you want to plunge your guts out because, you know, for a lot of you folks, I mean, sports you are really sports fans. You just gamblers, which I don't, I'm not all that crazy about that. You know, but if you're one of those people and you got a lot of company in that town of VIP sportsport commisophilage. So, commisophilage is best in speaking of the Netherlands, which is mighty important. At ladies going to Amstadam, VIP sportsport.com is the oldest and largest book in the prestigious Netherlands. Holland. Amstadam. 100 percent legal and licensed. I'm like a lot of those bookies that you heard about on this radio station, which are located in the jungles of some 80-feth world country that you might never see your money again. So, if you want to plunge with confidence, how to present confidence, call the best in southload of VIP sportsport.com. Call them right now. Toll free at 1-8-6-6 VIP bets. B-E-T-S. Sign up now, and let all the southloader football and basketball teams. Juice free. Odd year long. And God only knows we'd all love to be. Juice free. You want better. But dolphins. It's time for you to win 100. You want to bet their hurricanes when they're playing one of those little girls blind schools. It's 100-100. So, forget about the big all-sams. Get a 20 percent legitimate honest to goodness. Cash bonus. Not some funny money match play bonus at the other guys are yelling about. VIPsportsport.com. That's where you find them online or call them toll free today. And start punching in peace with pleasure on your push. Call 8-6-6 VIP bets. That's one. 8-6-6 VIP bets. Be sure to mention. Pristine sports up not just QA. When you call VIPsportsport.com. Where's we always tell you you'll be the VIP. We're supposed to be a 5-6-4. QA-M. DURRU. And now it's time for another edition of the unpublished works of Dr. Suz. Today's selection. Horton hears a hoe. Horton hears a hoe. Calling to him. Have you got money to blow? Why yes. Horton said quickly sporting a poll. There's 100 in my pocket and it's burning a hole. I'll take off my clothes if you give me your cash. And Horton got excited as she exposed her bare essential. Then Horton did mouther. And boy was he glad. When she screamed, you're the biggest Horton I've ever had. When Horton was done, he smiled and set for a smoke. But the hose started laughing. Horton said, what's the joke? Then the hoe turned around. And Horton looked and got sick. Because this hoe, like Horton had a big hairy chest. That was another selection from the unpublished works of Dr. Suz. See it can horton's by the way. It's a 1047 at 560WQM. Here's a great fact. I love this one. I'm going to the coin. I will watch her die eat. Oh, that's called. Why did I humor her? You know, because it was a woman. Right. Who'd have been a guy at a rip them and asked. I thought I am a softie for any female voice. I don't know why. Yeah. And then this fact from this chronic fracture. I almost thought this. Huh? I know that guy. I thought this was a rich packer with his handwriting. But maybe it's not. I think it is. Maybe he's in the star mood today. But it says it's Marty not Morty Glickman. You idiot. When you're the idiot because it's a joke. That's the way he used to pronounce it. But at heavy a northeastern accent. Don't you understand? Marty and Morty Morty Glickman. You don't get it. You're more on your idiot. You're a typical software ambassador. Okay? Who every now and then wakes up on a wrong side of bed. Facts is every guy that day by how many times did they? Fuck. And then every once in a while gets a bug up. Is that what some sarcastic crap like this? Okay? Just to try to, you know, export your hostility up across the border here. Nice job well done. You asshole. You idiot. Am I right, Mo? Come on, Mo. Where in hell are you? I know. Try to get some help. Also we say today, Skoba Zuro's birthday. We didn't want we don't really give her crap. Koby Zuro's sucked. That was enough to turn my ass the other way. In 1963 CBS brought up the New York Yankees. All my life. I was a Yankee fan in a pirate's fan. 63 are set to you guys. They fired. The greatest broadcast trio ever melalan red barber and who else? And Jim Woods. And they brought in three ex-Jocks. Phil Rosuto, Joe Dodgeola and Jerry Coleman. Who couldn't broadcast their way out of a paper sack? And I said, you can take your Yankees and stick them up your ass. And they can they can, you know? 1808 votes. We're not going to come anywhere near the 250 at the end yesterday with Ted Kennedy. But Wesley Clark is doing a much bigger, bigger bashing, even though Kennedy won a handle. Hands down. And then that's considering the fact that Teddy had murdered that plot. I mean, I had that accident with Murray Joe Capectnacy. He's got that little albatross around his neck just a minor thing. 38 votes if the election were being held today. Channel Wesley Clark 131 votes almost 60 almost 70 percent 69.6. George's WD Bush 30. How many has he got? About 30 man. 15.9 percent and I wouldn't vote 27.14.3 percent. So not only would more people vote in that election, but by far, what's he got? Almost 70 percent. He's got 50.2 percent. But Wesley Clark, well of course haven't been a general. He didn't kill anybody. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Nobody that didn't have it coming. Right. He told me to bad guys. He didn't kill any innocent drunken women. Like Murray Joe Capectnacy. Was that Robbie Vincent on the Tallahad? Yeah, same to him. I was getting confused the two of them. Ever see a take him to the Robbie Vincent together. Same guy. We just ate a lot. You know, after that tough adolescence, he just ate a lot. 190 votes in the Wesley Clark continues near 70 percent. staggering. Wesley Clark's demand, baby. I don't want to hear any dialogue, any debates. We don't care what he stands for. Just let's change right now. What do you say? Huh? Let's get ahead start. I think it's a great idea. I'm for it. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. No. Yes sir. Yeah. I'm Neil. Yes. Here you are. I'm my end. There you are. Okay. Quick question. I hope that you can help me with. Yeah. Please explain the difference or the relationship or whatever it is between the Netherlands and Holland. I understand that Amsterdam is in Holland, but I don't understand what's the Netherlands. It's just another. How long is this like a nickname for the Netherlands? Name of the country is the Netherlands. And Holland is a nickname for it. Right. Okay. I don't ask it a lie. I want to part of time. I knew where that came from, but it's it's the same thing. Of course it's a lot easier to say Holland than the Netherlands, right? Yeah. Of course. And I just thought maybe Holland was a, but stake within the Netherlands or the Netherlands. There is a how on the big and my opinion. I want to go there. There's a town in Holland and Michigan called Holland, Michigan. They have a college here. Yeah. Okay. Thank you very much. Okay. There you go. And by the way, when you go to Holland, I'll tell you where you can eat. Did they have a lot of this story? If I'm going to go to Amsterdam, should I go to the red light district? No. I don't know if I go there. I've got to only know what kind of perversion and filth you'll see there. I don't kind of perverts. Still, they have a lot of blue light specials in the red light district. Yeah. I know they have green light specials. Why? Why? Why? Why not Toronto 3 and Detroit Nothing. Of course it's 100 years ago. But like I said, when you're least fanny, have to live in the distant past. Like being a dolphin fan. Now, I think that all the other sports teams I hate to say it. I say it's first of it. And Marlons haven't as big run. They all got to leave. You know, because it's not a sports town. It's never going to be. It's not anything town. It's a stopping off point like handbag crops. It's a most of the name of that movie that Harvey Firestone, Fag movie. Wow. Could you narrow it down? Don't you remember the Harvey Firestone Fag movie with handbag crops? The one where he said that what's going to be loud is that so wrong. If he had a great line in there, she said when we get old, we go to Florida. We all go to Florida to die. Right. And that's right. That's what it is. It's a place for old people to go to die. Not a place for living and breathing people. By any stretch of imagination. And our pull on the sports cast is a tremendous reflection on the lack of just There. And again, I know you're not interested in sports, but like I said, you could substitute almost any other category there. And it would be the same. It's like, huh? Yeah. What are you talking about? We don't know from that. We don't know who these people are. We don't know what do they know? What did they do? All these people who came from someplace else. What did they do? Did they have an early bird in New York in Manhattan? I'm sorry. Manhattan? See, because then they'll be right again. It's not Manhattan, and it's Manhattan. Just like Morty Glickman. See, that was the famous thing about Marty Glickman. It's because it was always Morty Glickman. Commoner races at Yankers before bullet Bob Meyer. These these people, man. It's annoying. I shouldn't get aggravated because it's pity. It made me check. Actually, show it up to me. That's probably my turn to stick off two days. They're probably stonewalling on a chicken. Oh, yeah. We got to check it. There's somewhere near the water named downstairs. Thought you were still here. That was the the last time. Yeah. Who are you people, kid, man? Who are they kidding, huh? What kind of an outfit is that? They have to hang onto your check for a couple extra days just to make sure it doesn't clear right away. Because they're trying to rob from Peter to PayPal. So they can pay the broadcast. Rice roll has got them ball games. So great week can be a jack and run around. Oh, look at me. I'm Mr. Sports. I'm Mr. Sports. Sports? Yeah. Mr. Schmendrick is what we call it. In fact, that's probably about the best we call him. Don't forget just moments from now to best in the American dice. And we're going to go for a big day today. For what about 50 bucks? Sure, at least. Well, I know that's he can't do 50 because we don't have anything for $10. It's going to be like an even number. Maybe something about 80 bucks today. Looking for it. Dree and of course you know what my gals is. Nobody wants my CDs this year. Nobody wants your crap. Neil, let's what he said the other day after George pulled him out of Doreen. Well, like a boxing match. I had to get the referee under Sheppard. I got him. Two hundred nineteen votes. No, we'll never make the 250. If we had for our Teddy Kennedy. All the Wesley Clark is winning by a much bigger margin. 153 69.8% then there's 70. George's W. Bush 35. 15.9% I want to have yesterday Bush. Like I remember. I got to hear some or just relax. I got to hear some or just I think. Let's see. Howard Cousel George Bush. I don't know what that I did with it. I got too many poles running around here. I mean, we're totally about that. You have too many poles. You know, we're going to grab next. Let's see. Here's a message about some stupid S website. Here's that hot quarterback from Notre Dame. Oh, man. I don't see what that I did with the Ted Kennedy pool. How can I have done that? There's the one with JFK and Abe Lincoln. Maybe I put it up here. Here it is. I put it up there. Two fifty eight. Let's see. A Bush had 23.2% against the Kennedy. He's got a 15.9% against Wesley Clark. I think it's safe to save it. We got a few minutes left for them to vote. That Wesley Clark much stronger candidate because as a general, he didn't kill anybody. I'm sorry. Keep saying that. Right. Why do I keep saying that? I don't know. Just think it's going to make a point. Like case it in Godfather. Okay. I'm Michael Presidents and Senators don't have them and killed. Who's being naive now? Okay. Presidents and Senators don't have them and killed. I'm not an appropriate time to bring it up to you, Lovis. At a time when American kids are dying, every goddamn day for a for no reason for a pack of lies for a bunch of billionaire. See, here's a question I have for you. How much is enough? You know how many times you've talked about this over here's how much do you have to have? How many beers do you have to have at a handful of Paul game? How much money do you have to have Wayne, Hypinga and Bill Gates and audio other grave robbers? How much do you have to have before you finally have enough? Oh, the people are dying. This is for 20 times a week. You way am. Just get off. No. Hey, Lord. Hey, Lord. I stumble in our bumble just to talk is really hard. Without free written notes from power over Andrew Card. Hey, Lord. I'm bringing his way to do do. Hey, Lord. But that doesn't seem to bug you. Has no opposition and you have no up in your team. Let's pose pretty hard. Come out, raise by the shot and wave of white collar cramps. Unless you're of course the CEO is your old friend, you're my big horse. That's just let Oshaman go. And I'm a reflector, he's a homo. The zombies say attack us, but we'll give a crappy scene. Let's discuss a few more of our friends. Next to Sherwood, we're in pursuit of people, Jewish and reday. Just like those drug lord's been pursued by OJ. Game of course. You don't care what I'm doing. The horse. And I thought I was stupid. The media controls up you do what you told the game horse. If you didn't see it on TV and it's real. The media is an arc and troll with stories there is spinning. No matter what goes wrong. It will just blame it all on the team. I don't have no intention going down. I'm on a higher ball of ground. Is that I wouldn't know how. He's a moral grounder and a fountyr team. Let's go to a 560 W2M. So anyway, yesterday Eric being right on top of it. As soon as I started acting like I couldn't find a pull from yesterday, which I couldn't for a minute. So he emailed me. The 1606 was the total number of hosts from yesterday. We're not going to come even close to that today. We got 244. What do you got on yours? 244. Yeah, see. We had 266 yesterday. So we're slipping. We're down 22 votes from yesterday on a presidential pull. That's a bad sign man. Or slipping. 247. Like I said, we got a shot. We leave it up there another minute. So anyway, yesterday the final total. Ted Kennedy 141. I wouldn't vote 64 and George W. 651 on 266. Kennedy wanted his hands pretty good, but not like Wesley Clark, baby. Oh, 147 votes. General Wesley Clark, 174. 70.4%. Oh, the general. Do we have any idea what is opinions on? Oh, this position's on about the deficit about the foreign policy of life in a big city. All these things. Oh, but we like them. And you want to know why? Why? Because he can beat the crap. I can beat the pants off a bush. Who can George. George W. 3815.3% pretty lame. And I wouldn't vote 3514.1%. Out of 247. We better get over 266. I'm going to be in a sour mood even worse than in the beginning of the show when I couldn't get them phone. And you notice we had several people on hold. They're including a lady. Yeah. They don't hang on. I'm looking at one now. You're looking at Lady right now. Who is it? Wow. Does Lady in Miami, huh? Hey, you know. Hi. I don't care who is both funny running against monkey boy, all vote for both funny. Absolutely correct. I've got a poll idea. Good. Same vein. And that is all the media commentators who have been gotten to and gone from being liberal to far right wing. Yeah. And the first one I would name would be your old friend Phil Henry. Who has? Are you sure? He has to come such a hate manga. Yeah. It's unbelievable. A sell-on. A total sell-out. I mean, but he believes that it's not a, I mean, he believes it's all his angry little heart. Yeah. He said the other day that we were going to say they're going to bitter end because we are entitled to our SUVs. And I'm trying to do the land and the rest of it. He was just had to be sarcastic. Oh, you could have passed. Huh? I'm telling you. He believes it. No, I don't think so. I think that knowing him that had to be a tongue-in-cheek. Oh, no. I mean, I listen. I listen. Are you sure? Are you sure? I got a few laughs at him. But now he's, you know, beneath every comment there's this really hateful person. Hmm. He's there. I'll be dead. So anyway. So. How did that illegal alien he married with a 15 kids that probably saw it on life? Oh, be out. But there is wife cheating on him and those aren't his kids. How do you know that? Well, she's out of town a lot. Do you notice that? Yeah. And so I'll make sure you think that she's cheating on him. What would you say that? Well, that's the word. The word from a hole. I'm not going to say. The word down the pipeline. I'm not going to say. The adultery pipeline. Just trust me. It'll come out. Okay. All right. Okay. Have a great day. I guess he's still hanging back. Okay. Oh, whatever you want. And what do we have here today? 2606. We got 267. I'll get it back out there a little bit. I'm not pleased with that at all. Final totals here. We can go. Schmidt can't let Polar. General Wesley Carc 186. 69.6% George W. Bush 43. 16.1%. I wouldn't vote 38.14.2%. How did 267? By the way, that was her opinion about the Phil's wife. I don't know. I'm not comfortable with that kind of crap. You know, people just throw crap out like that. Yeah. Well, so you'll find out it's in the pipeline. It's down. Yeah. And by the way, she didn't ask me where to eat though. Maybe she's cheating with that lady's husband. 560560. Pont560 on the AT&T line. Here's Pol number two. Here's the important part of the show today. That was just. I don't even know if we should do that anymore. Who else could we? We could put him against Julie. I told you this morning. Anyone. I'm not proud. You're not listening to me. Don't just need a big difference. We had almost 70% for Wesley Clark and 10 Kennedy 52. Chris says not running for obvious reason. But I mean, just I thought since Ted's the one that's opening a big mouth and saying things that make our level of sense, I think we'll do Howard Dean tomorrow. Oh, yeah. Don't you? Sure. I'm still Howard Dean, man. I mean, a lot of you've jumped right on the Wesley Clark bandwagon. I'm not really sure why just because it's the popular thing to do at the moment. They look at the uniform. It's the Fed. I'm not sure. But I'm just not all that crazy because within a couple of days he flipped a lot like crazy about the whole Iraq War thing. One day he said, well, he would never have voted for the resolution. And then he said he would have voted for Wesley and then he said, what did I say? What does that? Yeah. What did I say? What do you want me to say? So I'm just he reminds me of Arnold only. We'd like a better uniform. I had to make the big, the big California. California last night. We'll talk about that eventually. And if Arnold thinks he's really a putting his best food forward, way who's waiting in a wings. Martina. Martina may run for US office and you. I guarantee as you can kick to crap out of Arnold. I don't care how much of a bodybuilder he used to be. You know, he's probably in better shape could just with one hand, tiger, underback. Beat the snout of that punk. The terminator, my ass. So anyway, what's your biggest gross out? We're asking today. My list so far. I think I already know what I'm voting for. I feel bad about it. What? Red here. Oh, I'm sorry. I can't control it. It's just like how come I like Nesslie's turtle ice cream. I just do it. It's just by a zippers scene. It does a dance on my taste buds. Okay. You've never seen a redhead you were attracted to. No, really. No. Wow. No, in my life. I've never seen a male female. Now, maybe some famous females with red here. Actually, Julie and more from Magnolia for example. She's got red here. Are you kidding? I love Julie and more. I think she's great. And I'll come up with other ones. I'm sure. But she doesn't have like, like, that you know the kind of redhead on the top. She doesn't have like, carrot top red here. Huh? Sure. She does. I mean, it's not like flaming like neon red, but it's red. Are you sure? Oh, yeah. Was that filled? Not a fact. Are you sure? Are you sure? Pupicares. Anyway, what's your biggest gross out? Well, I'm just saying generally speaking, there's always an exception. Just like sometimes you'll see fat people who are very, very attractive. And you say, got to think only last about 600 pounds they'd be hot. Yeah, they'd take that tragic. It is sad, especially young people. You see, you know, you're wrong. You think it's kind of they just lost like 40 pounds. They'd be beautiful. Right? I might even look for it. Wait, can't look for it now because it's a good fight in the middle of like, Kaja folds, jaws of life. What's your biggest gross out? Red here. Body odor. Oh. I may have to change my vote. Zed. You can do something about the body odor, though. Zed? Jelly rolls of fat. I see. You know how long it's been since I've had a slice of jelly roll? You know how we eat in the wrong way. How do we always come back? How do I not? How do I not? How do I always bring everything back to food? Once the last time you had a slice of ice cream cake roll. You know what I mean? Oh, that's a good question. It's a long time. You know what I'm talking about? I do. It's good. Oh, my God. Why don't you let it melt a little bit so they can taste it? Do they make that like a carfell? I'm sure they do. Because carfell really sucks, but that's one thing I think they had. That's really good. You're like, could he plus? Cookie, push? Yeah. Cookie, push, cookie, push. What is that? Cookie, Puss? Now the Puss was yesterday. No, I heard it out with that. The using Puss from Anne Colter's uh, rectum or whatever. That was that Muff got it was crying about. Oh, what are we going to do? Yeah, Muff, we like you. I'm up here. A good guy. I don't ever make a mistake on it. We like you a lot, but you're such a, such a little girl, man. And crying about Moe was smoking a cigar. I, my hats off the Milam starting like a cotton up him a little bit. And even Georgia starting to like cozy up. Even though we tried this, but he didn't get your ass fired. But you know what? He did the right thing. He can't live the past forever. That'd be funny. Absolutely. He did the right thing. He backed off. And like I said, now he's finally. It's a little after a year and a half. I think they're all smoking. They're all smoking. They're all smoking. They're all smoking. They're all smoking. They're all smoking. They're all smoking. They're all smoking. They're all smoking. They're all smoking. They're all smoking. They're all smoking. They're all smoking. They're all smoking. They're all smoking. They're all smoking. They're all smoking. They're all smoking. They're all smoking. They're all smoking. They're all smoking. They're all smoking. They're all smoking. They're all smoking. They're all smoking. They're all smoking. They're all smoking. They're all going to stink, and they're all going to stink. What's that? Let's scream. What if I get it too? Yeah. We'll walk the door in Jamil, Wedgett. Crying like a little lady. Oh, man, is he a pussy? Watch your biggest gross out right here. Body odor is it. Jelly rolls of fat. I look bad for the word today. I get such a kick out of myself sometimes. Bad breath. Schloppy clothes. Like me or bad wig. Like mo. So that's the, those are the first ones we got on list. What's your biggest gross out? When you see a person That could be somebody you know somebody you don't know whatever just what what the visual thing. Oh, I got what if you're gonna ask me. Okay. Bad nose. Bad nose. Bad nose. Oh, I'm not gonna see, you don't understand the pull again. You're associating a sexual connotation this. It could be that, but that's not what I'm talking about. I've got red hair on here. I have the same thing about noses. If it's an ugly nose, I run screaming from the room. Really? See, then like I said, you understand the pull. Because that's what it means. Yeah, I know what I can get past you. Somebody with a real obnoxious ugly grotesque nose and you just want to start running because like what time did this spaceship plan? Yeah. Like men can have a big nose and it's not necessarily a big deal or a bump on their nose. And it's like, okay, maybe it works. Maybe it doesn't. But if a woman has a big jack dog, no. It's a bunker. Rewons all of it. It just, it taints. I don't know. I'm like Marty Glickman used to announce the races at honkers. 1113, we got 11 for body odor already. Well, it's a good thing they're not here. Because somebody was packies man and some of those Indian people. Very nice people find people to the south of the earth, but too much salt is not an assoly good thing. Especially in your curry. Hey, if you're underpaid overworked if your boss teach you like crap. Maybe you'd like to have yourself a new hot pan career before the end of the year. And I realize it's September 24. But the fact that a matter of twenty five is it? Holy crap is this year just zooming by but you can still get yourself the training before the year ends for a great computer job from our friends at fast train. It's absolutely correct. The demand for computer professionals continues to be gigantic. There's no better time than right now to get you a new high paying career. I think that call about Phil was a setup called. Don't you? Because you know that he had to be just joking about SUVs. I think it was a set of fast train offers job placement assistance convenient to evening weekend schedules with six locations in Florida, including four in South Florida. There's body when you're by you. Fast train offers financial assistance for people to qualify too. So what he got to lose beats sides of marginal job a lot of grief, a lot of headaches and a paycheck that won't get to anywhere. Call fast train today and change your life in a really positive way. Call 1-866 fast train. Check out the web first at fasttrained.com and then make that call and be sure to mention the Todd Drec. Toe to call 1-866 fast train. Why? And local. We're sports radio five sixty two a-f-u-a-m. What the like presents? Royal American heroes. You're American hero. Today we salute you. Mr. High School guidance counselor. Mr. High School guidance counselor. You sir help countless students decide that when they get out of school they want to be anything but a high school guidance counselor. You weren't quite smart enough to mess up their lives as a public school teacher. So you decided to mess them up with bad career advice instead. What is it? What's the dream anyway? Yes, Mr. High School guidance counselor. If 30 years ago a young Bill Gates walked into your office. You would have handed him a pamphlet for tractor trailer truck training school. Good car on that one. Thank you. Mr. High School guidance counselor. What giving us all hope that no matter how badly our lives turn out there's always a bigger failure somewhere. We're talking about you. So rack up our light and raise your glass to a guy who has five or six himself every day before work. Mr. High School guidance counselor. A real American hero. High School guidance counselor. A rack. An higher education. Say technical college Missouri. It's 11.19 at 5.60. You never came to forget Miguel right now is waiting for it. From now on we'll want to clock at Dream Cars South 17403 South 16 highway with the Abestineel Merchines. And they were waiting for it. And he report you? Yeah, he said why is he talking about me? I've been here for 20 minutes. Did I or did I not mention that a couple of times before? I thought I told him. They said it's inside. Did we have a number from the end of the business yesterday? Did we have a number? I'm much we've raised. Yeah. I see. Maybe that's why I'm not talking about you Miguel because you're useless. Even the renaissance discovered. Okay. He finally took a look at that thing and she said she tried. She danced. She twisted. She looked and nothing happened. Useless. That's what she said. That's what his wife says. Now I think she's using somebody else's. Oh. Texas University shuts down big sale. Well, I asked obviously he hasn't gotten one dime yet done there. Dream Cars South. You remember the old days when he used to say to us, Pick a location and we'll go there. Do you remember that? Yeah. And almost every time it was a success. It was a jackpot. Okay. Yeah. Am I right? Right? I'm not saying every single time. But generally speaking more often than not, it worked out very well. Yesterday he's inside a day in the convention center in a player two days ago where they have to pay to get in. Where nobody's got any idea what those going on there unless they're computer nerds. And out today he said, well, I don't even know anything about Dream Cars South. You? No. I know it's on US one. That's something. It's a card join and look for the QM fan. There Miguel is desperately waiting for and he's calling him bitch in and belly. Like a little child. Maybe he can come back to the station and sit around a cry with duck. Oh, what? Why would they say something good about us? When you start raising some money, group, all maybe they will say something good about you. Texas University shuts down bake sale. SMU, Southern Methodist University, shut down a bake sale yesterday, in which cookies were offered for sale at different prices depending on the buyer's race or gender. Huh? The sale was organized by the young Conservatives of Texas who said it was intended as a protest of affirmative action. A science that white males had to pay a dollar for a cookie, the price was 75 cents for white women, 50 cents for Hispanics and 25 cents for blacks. What's kind of like the arbitrage mentality, same thing I am reverse. Right? Right? Why people get a buck black in the span of skid a million dollars? Members of the Conservative Group said they meant no offense where they were trying only to protest the use of race or gender as a factor in college admissions. Which I happen to agree with them by the way. Similar sales have been held by college Republican chapters of colleges, at least five of the states in February, a black student filed a complaint with MSM using the sales offensive. What's he complain about? He gets it for a quarter. How do you like them, Dark folks? So always bitching and bitching and belly aching. That's amazing. And that's something if you went on to a carlot and they said, okay, well, you're Hispanics, so we'll give you the car for five grand. And the white guy over there will charge him 10 grand. And the Dark complexity guy, he's going to get it for 50 bucks. And then he files a complaint? How come the white people weren't finally complaint, say? Right. A black student filed a complaint with MSM using the sales offensive SMU officials said they halted the event after 45 minutes because it created a potentially unsafesteged situation. This was not an issue about free speech. Tim Moore directed the SMU students that had said the story for today's edition of the Dallas Morning News. It was really an issue where we had a hostile environment being created. The sales grew a crowd outside the student center and several students engaged in the shouting match Moore said. David C. Rushing 23, a lawsuit in chairman of the Unconservative Texas and MSU in for the state said the event didn't get out of hand. It most it doesn't do and scattered around the table of cookies and rice Krispies treats he said, oh, why did I have to get to that part? You know, the rice Krispies treats with a marshmallow? Sure. They're great. Don't you love that? Especially when they're fresh and still gooing. Oh, and a marshmallow is still like oozing and they're all mushy. You know what else I haven't had in years, which I don't I'd ask and even think about eating? What's the like, are they coming a big jar of marshmallow cream in that every day? Marshmallow topping? Yeah, like real marshmallow, right? Oh, marshmallow. Hmm, fluff. What is it? Fluff. Fluff. Marshmallow fluff. He's talking about most show again. Now we love more. Most are new buddy. We love your mouth. You sell your old coat. We copied what's been done in multiple campuses around the country. We don't illustrate our opinion or affirmative action on how we think it's unfair. Mad Houston, a 19 year old sophomore called the group's priceless defensive. Mad's obviously a white guy. My reaction was discussed because of the ignorance of some SMU students. Oh, said Houston, who's black. What are the black people pissed off about? We're given it to him for a quarter. They were arguing that affirmative action was solely based on race. It's not based on race. It's based on bringing a diverse community of certain organizations. The group sold three cookies during its protest raising a buck and a half, which is more than we've got for a band and per rest to guarantee that right now. A dollar fifty. Do we have that yet today? Oh, I guarantee we don't. And dream car south and 17043 South, fix your highway. He had several calls this way for the band to go down in that area. Aren't you sure that he had the several calls saying, oh, I'm going to get one. You come to dream car south at 1743 South, fix your highway and we'll bring lots and lots of cash for deals. I merchandise and a band of per rest you. Maybe that words. Well, I think that's a pretty good story about the base sale. And so the black kid was upset because he was a mock in affirmative action and stuff. But at the meantime, he's getting a cookie for 25 cents and a white kid's got to pay a buck for it. Never please some people. You know what? Never satisfy certain people. Then people. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I don't know if you talked about it. The debate last time with Arnold Schwarzenegger. Uh, California. I thought hello. I'm here. Yeah. I thought the, uh, Schwarzenegger did very well. Yeah. Even by your own admission, you said that if he, That is a moron. I said he's moron. No, well, then you say I said he's a moron. Well, then you said it, if he became governor of California, If he attacked all the issues and all the problems they had, he would have been good for California. No, I did not. Yes, you did. 560560560 pound, I was Chris Bush pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. What's your biggest gross out so far? Body odor 30. Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, I guess these people wouldn't be one of work with Josh Friedman. Eight times so and I think that this we don't anymore. 68. Body odor. Jelly rolls of fat 16. A lot of people wouldn't want to work with QA and we got jelly rolls up the ass. I can't say that bad breath 14. Zits for red hair too. Somebody else out there just can't handle the red hair thing. Bad wig too. No votes yet for sloppy clothes or ugly nose. I thought you were votein' for no vote for it. Well, it's not on my thing here. Let me refresh it. Okay. Let me refresh my ugly nose. And let's see if it's refreshing or not. Well, it's sitting there. It's thinking about it. Okay. It's thinking of saying that can we put a lot of me nose is got your vote. Obviously you've got you've met guys that were attractive but they had body odor. Yes I am. Let me out. We're like a son of a bitch. I can't I don't care how good they look. Just tell me to take a shower. That's a good. Yeah. Anyway. That's a good idea. Anyway. I don't think that's necessarily going to help. I think I think some of it does have to do. I don't care what you say. It's skin pigmentation. It's people who's diet whatever. They've been eaten all over their life. I'm telling you that that people from like Pakistan, India, certain other countries parts of the Middle East. It's not just they haven't seen a bar of coast in a long time or they keep dropping it. But it's a skin pigmentation thing. It's just there. And nobody believes me but it's true. I guess I would have had to have the sampled some of those. You had to be close and personal. Okay. Or maybe just go into restaurant where they eat a lot of curry. Okay. Go into restaurant with kid curry and take a sniff. 27 past 11 at 5, 60 WQM. If you want to see the best in the horse race, I'm a casting man. Head over to Pompano Park, Heart and Strike and Punch view hurts content. Pompano Park is open every day and night, seven days in a week featuring the best. And I'm a casting from all across North America. Heart and Sterbett and Highlight as well. For you to watch and like I said, plunge like a maniac. General parking admissions is always free too. Enjoy plenty of free seating and hundreds of TVs to be your favorite track from. Or you can get a private box. See what your own TV monitor for just $2. There comes Jeff Gregory on the outside. Hit him again very lightly. Jeff not too hard. It's all done in the smoke free environment. Come watch and wait for this Saturday September 27 on the $400,000 Kentucky Futurity. And the $300,000 Bluegrass dates and Lexington's Red Mile. At prestigious Lexington and no free at racing fans, Pompano Park. In fact, what was an MK would let for that I think called a race is their once upon time. Maybe not. Remember K would let for was on our own yesterday? I don't think he ever made the pulls matter. Yes, he did. He did? Yes. Are you sure? I think I left him out along with the What's the Harry Callos. I think you just call us about the whole thing because you ain't a sports guy. Jeff remember? And don't forget racing phant, Pompano a Jeff remember was left off. Intential. Don't forget racing phant, Pompano Park will be back to the nation with a start of their 40th anniversary seed of great live harness racing starting Friday out to over 10. It's almost here with the return of high stakes poker as well. That which will be there. There will be there all my friends plunging their guts out like a bunch of wild lunatics. Pompano Park harness a black south Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road. For the daily Samlcass schedule, column at 9.5.4. 9.7.2.2000. You can check it online at pompanopark.com. My life and low. This is 4.356. You weigh 2.00. At dog is out of control and you'll find out why. When you hear the latest release from Blackpuster Entertainment, in that ditch sings duet. Well, I'll ride! I'll ride it to the ground. Here's a mad dog, two menacing classic rock. A ride! A ride! A ride! A ride! It's a ride! A ride! A ride! A ride! Magic does! All right! A ride! A ride! A ride! A ride! A ride! A ride! At first, Jim said he built a little bit foolish. I knew they could have a horror. But now he said, I like it. The mad dog just can't kiss enough of that cottage cheese button. If he wants me to sing God Bless of the Harky and face decent a jeep-string up here, I'll do it. You got soo! Everybody know that it's soo rad! Soo rad! Listen to the mad dog, sing himself happy! A ride! A ride! Jim said it's too late to be able now at all blocks us the stores. 1133, that's the wildly popular gym manager. One of our polioes today, if your favorite sportscaster, about a Zidian votes, I mean, hands down. This beridated the competition. I just got mad dog. I think he's on today, isn't he? We don't know. According to my schedule, he's supposed to work today, but he might be celebrating yesterday's pool of victory. He's supposed to be a good position. Mad dog gets to the Humphoriz at 4 until 630, we put a Marlon game, and a really tough show because he's got Bino on. Between 5 and 6, so the hands are really got like an hour and a half to work today. Marlon's at that 630, Philly's at the Marlon's is the Marlon's try for the sweep, and try to clinch at least the time for the wild card with the wind at night, 705, and a K-F-F-D-A-D baseball game in Joe and Mark overnight. How's the heck going? 40 bucks. Well, I mean, that's a start at the start. Yeah. Not overwhelming. I don't think we're going to do a thousand. No. What do you know what he said? He said nobody wants my CD. And certainly nobody wants those more Howard David, they aren't what a man dog. What? They ought to want that keychain. Well, I know they ought to want it all. Don't look at me, Mr. But we just can't get to if they wanted if we had free Marlon tickets there. What did they be lined up for? They're all the way to all ages, like you're in Tia. Who says he doesn't? Does he have free Marlon tickets? I don't know. Maybe. He didn't tell me anything about seeing how he'd feel or prizes around him or that. It just basically is like a best of the old thing at the van today. And all of you people down there in South-Aid that are always belly-a-can-we don't come down there. There he is. Dream cars south, 17403 South-Tixie Highway. And we've got a raise like at least a million dollars to there. I'm going to be really pissed off and fired up. What's your biggest gross body odor 42? But why would that woman? What was that all about that set up college? It's a chronic and, uh, she's a chronic crazy person. She is? Yeah. I don't recognize her. Oh yeah. I just thought of nowhere. And oh, his wife, she'd not. And he's, uh, I mean, obviously the things that she was quoting a money, but a child, but no, if they ever heard Phil once that that was tongue-in-cheek about we, uh, dessert, have to have our SUVs and go to Disney. I mean, uh, Jesus. Nobody could be that stupid. Could they? Get that bitch? Don't ever come me again. You silly crazy ass bitch. Just looking to stir the pot. Stir the pot. She's looking to stir it. What's your biggest gross out? Body odor 42? Jelly rolls of fat 31. I'm so sorry. Out of 106 votes. They don't like the jelly rolls of fat. I got him. I'm sitting here right now. I got my hands on it. Not for much longer. Not fat too. No, sir. I got, I got my big jelly roll. What are you at? Speaking of that. 188. Oh. Two pounds back up. But that's, but still, that's not real bad though. Not that good, huh? No, the wrong direction. Well, at least I'm under 190. Did I promise you I would never go back over 190? Yeah, well, and I won't. Okay. It's slow. You know what I mean? It's slow. I know. I'm trying to think of what I ate. Like give me like a little bit of a sit back. Liquid marshmallow. No, but that sounds pretty good. You know what? Would be really good. Would be a leader of that prize score ice cream. With liquid marshmallow and hot fudge. Alternately like, you know, melted in the microwave. Alternately drizzled on it. Oh. And. You know, you, what you do is you take the score and you put it in the microwave and let you know how I like to do in my melted up a little bit. So it's not melted, but like real goofy. You know. Oh, and mix it with that some hot marshmallow and chocolate fudge. Oh, man. Hey, I don't care what anybody says. I want the pill that lets me whatever the hell I want. From now until I croak, I want that pill. I deserve it. Huh? I've been dieting for like a zillion years man. But third man. More than that. And I'm sick and tired of it already. I want the freaking magic pill. All you great robbers out there. Can you imagine how much money somebody's going to make someday because it will happen someday. Will happen. Somebody will make a pill. You know, just like they have these fat blockers. They're all phony baloney and they make your crap a lot. But there will be some kind of a pill that they invent that will make your that will prevent your body from absorbing me. Coloric value and whatever is in the food you eat. Right. You know, this kind of like past your real family. The product. You know, it's like you're eating it all past over. A wrong holiday. Sorry. You have to be new year. Body odor 45. Your biggest gross out. Yellow rolls of fat 34. Bad breath 24. Zits 5. Bad way 3. Red here too. Sloppy close one. Ugly nose one. Durges the one. And we could certainly add some more on there. But I think we covered most of the bases. Here's Pembroke Pines. Hello. Bath the marshmallow. Here is a Westchester. Hello. Yeah. You know, are you doing? I got two for you. But I turned the show on late so I'm not real sure I'm on the same page with you. You have two of us. I probably will go down and it's on underwear. The color. Yeah. And what's the other one? The one was. Personal. Okay. I want to tell Scott one thing if you put any more people on over the age of 100. It's going to be nice. No, you know, I mean, I know George's hooded to put a lot of old people on the piss me off. And it's really good to stir up the show. Yeah. Don't do it. Don't put any old people on. If they're on if they're over the age. If they're over the age of 400. If they sound like they got two feet in the box. Don't put them on the air. Okay. Okay. Just say, hey, drop dead. Oh, in some cases too late. 5. 6705. 60 pound 5. 60 on the AT and tear. Get too many old people on this. There's no surprises worried about the demos. We got too many old people on the year. Too many old people calling. And that's why we're not raising any money for abandoned. They're rescue. The whole audience is about 100 years old now. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, honey. I'm in my 20s. I have a first. I got the hairy skin people kind of like Robin Williams. When I see him on TV, I have to like, yeah, you know. Hairy skin. You mean hairy people. Yeah. Yeah. Like really hairy. Like, well, you wherever you sit next to him. You feel like the little things coming off. Yeah. You know the ones that really give me a one. You're neck like the wolf man. Yeah. Like a lot of people like that. Okay. How about the people that are full of like mulls in your hands or they have like glass orations on their skin and you're sitting on the table and they got a pah. I felt like out for your men. Okay. Harry, man. See a hairy. When I was at the head last ever. And mulls and pah. Yeah. God. He got a real pah. And how about that gangrene is pah. Why green? Gangrene is our house. It's my life and local. This is for 25. 21. 21. 1. And. Hey. I'm spiking. You know when I'm driving down rooftop. W on a hot server day. Me and the miss is always stop the Dickens. Dickens fruit state. They've got everything for fruit. Devitstables homemade pies. But there is nothing like their side. 8 that right honey. Dickens side. Yes, sir. Why even though we were late in matured last Sunday. Gee. And I have a little Dickens side. Gee says the right nothing like. Even my minister says his wife and Joe is a little Dickens side. Now and then. Hey, why don't you bring some home and our protective plastic rib bottom. That way you don't stay fresh. Or you can let it sit a while and have some hard Dickens side. Huh. He's good at lunch. Good at dinner. And there's nothing like waking up with a Dickens side. Dickens fruit state. Just a fruit nine W in touch your own 60 man. Open 24 hours because they have to chill in summer night. I like to snuggle up and bed with a hot Dickens side. Hmm. 145. How about ugly feet as a gross out says this fact says a good one. I like a little feet. I mean, I like to be for the pool. I don't like our feet. Damn surprise. You didn't put that on. Since you're always worried about everybody's feet. Right? Even guys. I am. Yeah. Don't you remember that guy from whammy that we used to have whatever it has name was? Had those nasty feet. You never stuck in the night. I did. We were nasty. What's your biggest gross out body odor 55? Jelly rolls of fat 42. Bad breath 30. Zits seven. Bad wage six. Right here three. Sloppy clothes to ugly nose to hairy people just went on there and ugly feet is going on any moment. Momentarily. So you know what he wants to talk to me about that thing about the skin pigment. I'm trying that a million times that nobody believes me because a lot of people are very Perokul and South Florida. They've never been like the Palm Beach even. And they don't they don't realize that it's not just people who don't bathe who have like bad the hygiene. And this is certainly. Yeah. Here's Del Rey. Hello. Hey Neil. What's going on? Yes sir. Yeah. The whole thing. The reason why not making any money on your van and pet rescue thing is you need to come down here. Break out one of your core beds. Go drive around and act. We've show up at these things and make some money. They don't want to see that stupid idiot you're sitting out there and and and if they want to see you. Let me ask you this question. Okay. Since he'll be expert. How come in all the other years that we've been doing this other than a couple of appearances here in Earth to pizza lock? How come they always wanted to see the goof ball then? Okay. We've had no problem. There's a money on our appearances and I never go to those things. In addition to which they're doing the show. How am I going to do that during the show? You can do live remote. You got that nice big penalty. You could get. Sir had a great life. What a moron. See another sad excuse for people who just don't want to help us out. That's all. Well, they want to see you. It's got nothing to do with who they're seeing whether it's Miguel, but or it's some guy with big bad ugly feet. What if somebody was ready here in a purple Pussa? People out of his nose? Yeah. That's not what they do with it. Maybe we have to do with here's the best in LCD. It's for a good cause. Here's the more Howard David in the keychain. Here's the mad dog keychain. Oh, right. There's stuff. Okay. That's always been that way for like a zillion years. All right. Maybe the next time you're in town, you can try to like a hundred dollar. I love the way that these people are such experts. I should drive around town in my Corvette and they want to see me. They don't want to see me. What do they need to see me for? Okay. They got plenty of other ugly people I can see. I want to see me. What if that has to do with the price of peanuts to see you to tell you? I'm not coming down there. Okay. If that's what it takes. I'll just send another check. You follow what I'm saying? If we get raised another 10 grand by my being there, I'll just give the 10 grand to a band of Perversques, a great cause. I'll get a 10 grand. How much you give so far, sir? You smuck your little pussula. He gave us the scottin' us putting the ages of the callers down here. I mean, that's okay if the people don't mind. I'm not talking anymore 95 year old people. I won't do it. It's boring. It's ponderous. They all sound like they got 40 pounds of flim in her throat or somewhere. Maybe a nearer. Here's a call from Western, hello. Western. Hey, hey, this is Western. Yes, sir. I'd like to see if I can contribute to your pole. Go right ahead. All right. I think that grosses me out the most are may pops and summer teeth. May pops? May pops are teeth that may pop out anytime. And summer teeth are some are there, summer here. And summer all over the place. That's how it teeth is. That teeth is a good choice. Bad teeth. That's okay. We'll see how they get a little bit of food in there. A cigarette stain. Ah. Okay, pal, thanks. All right. Bad teeth. I was going to put yellow teeth. But the bad teeth are more expensive. Cricket ones are buck tooth. Yeah. Bad teeth is good. Ficing in this, like I started to say, the himbady was the most thing. Don't go to England man because they all got bad teeth. They got nasty, nasty yellow. And they go like in all different directions. 560, 505, 60, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Has Miguel do a number of dream cars south, 174 or three. So I think say highway will be the one with a QM van for a band of per rescue. He was ringing the phone, but I didn't catch it past enough. And addition to which let me say this, I guarantee that most of the people in the audience may all female and indifferent would a hell of a lot rather see Miguel than see me any day the week. And oh, I sure would. I believe me. Huh? That's two of us. Okay, you and I was let's hear it. We all would rather see Miguel even the hetero's down there or pro claim ones. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's a pebble pine, hello. Yes sir. How are you doing sir? Pretty good. Good. I just want to contribute to your poll. I work with public in the medical field. And what grosses me out is, I'm pairing to talk to people with stuff underbeard, saliva, food all over the place. And when you look at them at the side view, there's like a little wax buildup in that ear canal and it's just waiting the fall off and I hate that very gross and it's very nasty. Have a good time. How do we, how do we define it? I don't know. He's bad hide the relans. That's really how do we define that? I don't know if it's sloppy face a slob. That's a slob can be like jail. I know. You consider as a slob. Certainly with sloppy closes a slob. 30 days. 30 push. That's too. That's why I hate to gross out. Yeah. Oh, there's nothing worse than the old dirty push. Oh, my gosh. Oh, she's just cleaning her out. Five six seven. Five six seven. Five six. She just forgot the pad. The man, they were those little, uh, ducks. She forgot the ducks. Five six seven. Five six seven. Five six. The pump. I just keep getting more done. Yeah. Here's the call from Miami. Hello. Yeah. Miami. Yes, sir. I'm talking about a dirty push. I'm about a, uh, from one to cheese. Uh, crunchy, digreet. Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T. And for I said, I'm sure you did. What? First your teeth this morning. Yes, I did. Here's Boiton B. Hello. Hey, there. Are you doing? Okay. Just put the vernacular under overall bad hygiene. I've worked in the medical field, too. It's, uh, Bad hygiene. Yeah. Overall bad hygiene. Yeah, but the woodnut also include like body odor. It's part of bad hygiene, but not necessarily. And I do know what I'm talking about with people who have like a, uh, a, a, a home body or a, uh, their skin. You know, I'm from, depending where they're from in the world. Maybe a little bit of let's see a little bit of clased falling off. all in off of that was a you know you people don't believe me it's the truth you don't believe it it's an Asian thing mostly what the uh okay yeah you're right and that last guy he did kind of steal my thunderbought working in the medical field it is it's it's it's rough now we're talking about you know like meeting somebody or just a day-to-day operation yeah you're just an oxygen your life as you meet people or deal with people let me just do out every day you know it's really hard to hear you those the level on this phone can you get them the jack your voice up at all probably not I could barely hear you I can hold you sound like you're right next door well it's good phone I guess on my side but I can't say you're right the way I'm a permanent jack in a right now no matter fact okay you're quite like Ellie and you're good luck to you I don't know anybody else complain about they can't hear me nope no fine maybe it's just the his phone is crap I don't know I heard him like he was sitting right next door boomin play me again hey Scott it's all about how about Dan Ruff okay huh that small potatoes but sure well what do you mean small potatoes I'm not just talking about your ordinary pedestrian oh don't you talk about like flaky a flaky like all over the place you know winter wonderland a lecke knee eyebrows you know any eyelashes and it oh ears your dad reminds me about my old friend Bob Desbecker from midtown records in Rochester Josh Friedman had your dad Ruff he had body Dan Ruff he had Dan Ruff from head to toe Josh Friedman and smelled of all the part 560 560 pound 560 on the ATT got some good news for you speaking of old people yeah flora senior citizens lose break on current herens is the crash rate rises oh what a concept flora's oldest and youngest drivers now have something in common both groups can complain about high insurance rates as the sun settle for years older residents enjoyed premiums at or below base rates as they had a reputation for being among me safe as drivers in a war on the road on a well what is this supposed to be like a comedy column or what that started changing a few years ago as insurance carrier started realizing that actually rates and claims began increasing once drivers passed their 70th birthday in fact the age 85 plus group has almost identical rates of property as the drivers in the 16 to 19 year old group recorded an insurance to the price safety report issued earlier this year with a little slow in Florida but their family's done a catch on that the people over the age of a hundred probably shouldn't be out there driving around like in my mother's neighborhood these statistics show that much older drivers and accident rates that rival teenagers so we have to charge a premium for the risk for assuming said robber heartwork chief economist for the insurance information institute a non-private research group the rest of the story the result is that while many for reading the holidays of the scene automobile increases since 2000 insurance drivers in the 70s and he's probably ahead with the next or 15% get them off the road get them off the road you morons you idiots okay echmir a state flow rate uh they got people you ought to see what goes on around my mother's place I'm sure you've seen that kind of crap there you can't really jesus god on my mother's motion be there every week that I go to lunch and at places like taking your freaking life in your hand there's sitting with her hands reaching his highest they go and just barely make it a bottom of the steering wheel and the best part of it is they're already sitting on three god and telephone books yeah they think the lines of the road are suggested and these are the people by the way who this week are all getting there a six year renewal in the main right you know the ones who are deaf and dumb and blind and the amputees are just minor things like that you're you you I am coming well congratulations get a light I don't find during the original cast of all of the family dead and alive in the premiere of you can't do that no more we're going to keep on or help and I'm getting a buddy don't like that bring them up that's right that's right you tell them Georgie boy you can't come out you still like to take this I think George Bush is the most wonderful president this country ever geez what the hell am I going to argue I'm going to be he's just so fat what do you think about that George T. Bush I think George Bush is the most wonderful president this country ever had why I can't argue with somebody I think I'm going to need a boy I'm glad to see you why I'm not a good argument today just got asked about what you think in a George T. Bush I think George Bush is the most wonderful president this country ever had why why I think I'm going to tell you liberal fact that's why you can't do that no more I don't for her I didn't play the I didn't do that it's never too late I'm very favorite I hit this admit that this one's my favorite it's this is Mark Morgan it's the 12 to one hour on Q 8 I get sexual assignment from that one he says Q 8 I just you know you're in library anyway somebody said the facts this in and how could we forget that I think I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I think I'm going to say that I think I'm going to say that I can't help but I just it makes me cringe but tattoos and I'm not just talking about like a little nice neat tattoo you know I'm talking about people are like covered with tattoos grosses me out that's far and about if I could change my board I would you don't agree it's like that no I don't like them but they can be really ugly like you said or they can say I think it's kind of cute A's great can't stand it 560 has Miguel Dillon 120 that's in the first hour right 120 bucks I'm here I know that was just I'm just what I'm just no need to press I'm open the equipment cut the crab Scott I'm already depressed okay but I haven't scout with this briefly make an academy appearance on the show last few weeks Blast hit the Iraqi sex cinema and explosion is ripped through a cinema in the northern Iraqi city of Mosul killing two people and injuring up to 20 others the cinema was showing a pornographic film at the time of the explosion with the success score short Islamic militants are known to oppose with a call a moral movies and attack some cinema as a postwar Iraq for showing them earlier yesterday remotely detonated bomb lift and sent a bag dead roadside destroyed two commuter buses killing one Iraqi and injury 22 others the BBC's Carolyn Holly in bag that says the showing a porn film since the follows how to move in has infuriated religious leaders in the country restrictions on the import of foreign films including pornography ended after the collapse of the former leaders regime religious and political groups have distributed flyers warning theatre owners not to show films of a sexual nature I like that the five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen two hundred twenty bucks in the first hour at the car south if it's not even really worth his effort you know he could like it pocket change hundred twenty bucks here's a call from bokeh hello yes sir great show wanted to tell you that a jfeela was on the mo show this morning yeah missing some of your your mobile on uh... the ginger and moes on another one you have one if you can play it you were missing i'm missing the uh... cashier jfeela jfeela was on the morning right like he is every Thursday morning at six forty five seven right and i had heard you're uh... jfeela sonson a while the people on a ginger and more reunion yeah the ginger and more reunion then the other one you have what is jfeela had to do with a ginger and more reunion don't you say that they say uh... doesn't he dream of being in bed with feedland is right in front of you i guess that's in a summary of it what are you say pal great day like that don't you want to go to the middle of the like that all the time i should do the price of peanuts in peoria and other way people smell and all gusty main i don't but hey not for me to ask just continue rolling right along listening to all this this is sputum here's the call from dear field hello yeah he's all man but i'm so on top of the uh... i work with uh... i work with uh... Pakistani and any people at the jewelry show and they're big and porters and they're we go around a country and i play a they eat more curry and more garlic yeah and they just who's it out and it was it out and but it's there's a man and i's there from your name and even you know whatever the american of food and it's a lot of it and it's a and they keep doing the whole show stinks just like walking into a hotel when a little dump of the house which you don't you don't have a slept like me so you don't go to those but it's just like when you're walking to a lot of one of those places that that's what those show snowy and they love it and uh... yeah i don't go to the show i mean don't go to the uh... wherever my go is because uh... paid the go might be changed and what i have no idea i have no idea he's just there it's uh... but it must be uh... the the moon may be in your right it's all right why stop now we're having such a good time or look at us for Thursday tough asked if he would read this actually he has to ask me to ask you if you would read that he asked the the forl will be out there hosting the wilder party and wildest on it's your color the q and price patrol the moon artist fans can uh... well what is this after the day ago you read it yeah i mean for as much as they do for our efforts what what what is this all about they don't do anything to write like you said to me just the other day if we have a uh... thing in the afternoon and the somebody's out there with our merchandise they don't read it they do it on the updates can doesn't put as far as on the shows they don't do it so when we get to the updates were read it okay do we have any updates you know i just uh... you know i just find this uh... grotesque and ridiculous has nothing to do with anything and if people what if the other people on the station want to start promoting our thing and get involved that's great then we'll all play the game together please promote as much as possible you know the answer is oh no i would talk about that the other day jordian i and the answer is no i don't play hard ball but let's play hard ball with without christmathias you know what's good for the gooses good for the game to use this show and use this show all please do this and please do that and they promise to climb 85 million mentions but in the meantime anything we're doing it until the camp you bother with it no so the answer is no five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line what's your biggest gross out and we're just talking about like generally i mean it's not that difficult to understand when you go to lunch when you're in the elevator when you're like walking around in a shopping mall when you're a jay walk and i'm getting hit in the middle of the street what's the biggest gross out of who you encounter with c. during your life body odor 81 and they still don't understand that they're never going to get it right out of 217 jellie rolls a fat 49 bad breath 46 zits ten bad way gay bad teeth eight very people for see i could i mean here people yeah floppy clothing three ugly feet three red hair three ugly nose two and tattoo is not there yet for some very very strange reason i said it tattoos and dendruff neither one of them are in there you know i didn't know we were doing that why not i thought we were doing it you went through a whole long reaction that about the i browse and about the uh... falling leaves and all the other crap under a lot of stress because the yellows acting up see used to be air that was acting up else but i think the yellows probably like just make in the subway probably isn't about fifteen hundred ages calling in low ball numbers just aggravate me hundred twenty bucks in the first hour he's only there to want to clock folks all you people in south eighty were clamoring it's a day i had several calls this week for the van to go to that area we believe them all i was probably got a hot date on some bitch seventy four or three soft to see how we look for the qm van pick up your stuff give us some cash and let's go already i i told you i could see i could see the handwriting on a wall this thing and you're saying oh no no problem over his hundred grandest year will be lucky to get to uh... that's right and i still don't have any number i will be got we will here's a call from davie hello you sir i'm just a uh... you know you know here's north by any hello yes sir i didn't want to go one of the things i really grew from the others when i see people sticking their fingers up there no more than moving around like the panning for gold no speakers no speakers i mean there's big fat fingers out there and i think that's it just get up to that joint where you've been your thing and i'm going to be there reaching to see if their brain is worth used to be right and then they are pleased that they're trying to get to the value of a diamond or something is that ridiculous you'd be laughing you're at they'd be laughing arrested actually put one out there when i try not to get to that point i mean it's like looking at rippies believe it not your cure but then when they get to that point it's coming out i have to turn away exactly but i'm with you man thanks a lot okay those pickers and of course didn't the most pickers who also are chewing in public and i thought they get you it in private but not in public sometimes they look like a gummy bear oh there's nothing like good crusty snott man oh boy thanks for a really low cow low kerbs neck what happens to be true you know i mean by crusty don't you know exactly what i'm salutely pulls hairs out with it wouldn't you know i don't pull no one knows here 60 or 82 say body odor and they don't understand it's the procural nature of order which is supposed to be a world class city i always tell me nobody ever gets out of town they'd like to but they just can't get nowhere body odor 82 bad breath 49 jelly rolls of fat 49 i got my role in my hand right now maybe i got a big jelly roll i can pinch about a foot you roll it roll it around like a real one zits eleven bad teeth nine bad way gate hairy people for a broken really hairy people that have ever heard just like all over like the hockey player john colon he had hair like all the way up to like his chin remember john colon no had that battle with cancer had a retired good guy john colon i think he's hope he's still alive uh hairy people for red hair three sloppy closed three and ugly nose to look robotile so as the same things pickin hockey please i've actually even Scott and he's a was you know it's that time of the year again when a mattress shrooms and furniture stores run their phony and sales dollar mattress and if you double the price then offer half off what kind of a deal is that focus it sounds like to me fact is that these doors have got to run some kind of a sale to drop their prices even close to his low as the prices dollar mattress charges each and every day three hundred sixty five days a year for this company's on dozens of models from c. Lee served a temperate ximans king corpus turns in foster you better call is tool free number one eight hundred mattress no nonsense no bait and switch no house brands no false promises and best of all you know have to pray premium for the very best service available anywhere you get service like you do about from delivery teamer that guy would at the marty gliffin fact i like to would just just be dealing with a baseball bat you get service from dollar mattress like you only dream about from the delivery team right number one a customer satisfaction when you call one eight hundred mattress like i always tell you get to pick the time and date for delivery when it's convenient for you when you're going to be around instead of wasting an entire day for life sitting on your ass praying that somebody shows up you picked a two hour window that's good for you seven days week between eight and a m ten p.m. they'll show up on time and you'll be sleeping like a baby the first night i've been sleeping on a mattress and dollar mattress for a coupons age and you ought to be doing the same with low prices same day delivery free set up and removal it's easy to see i dollar mattress is right the best in the universe in customer satisfaction don't be fooled by those your arms or furnitures to rad the can come close to matching what you get from our good close personal buddies at dollar mattress color right now you'll be sleeping with a smile on your post as soon as tonight one eight hundred mattress one eight hundred m a t t r a s or online it's mattress dot com you you don't miss network TV's latest makeover show with five single then with a with married guy into a whole new lifestyle it's single life for the married guy first of all Steve this is poorly unacceptable one should never leave the poorly seen down what my wife prefers that if he does this you're a single wife watch the free five designers of single life for the married guy helps Steve and the kidchin democrat hold TV just Revolution Try flinging them around the house for all look dancers a single guy lives here Guys, oh When my wife gets home you won't be here Steve grab a handful of dollar bills. We're going to the strip Okay, single life of the Mary guy Julian that is if he'll fall and change as in mind But my 10 at 560 WCM. I don't see a Dan Drift head to his or no speakers on the port. I'm just mentioning that Huh a son. Are you picking on Eric again? I know I'm just saying 344 let it say what 340 by the way Lots of big improvement 340 But we can get nowhere in your 1000 bucks. See he did make a good point and that is that used to be like two years ago Of course we didn't do one last year because of lack of interest all the way around I guess But used to be he'd go out to the corner of our sunrise and or like grab our Boulevard University That's why I picked that a couple days ago and always was like 15 and rebukes or whatever Here indeed now you think since we didn't do one last year and this is the best of two years right this is covering two years Do call me to the 2003 it's got the Mickey and Eisner bits a couple of them. It's got the the Michael Jackson Tommy Matalia bit it's got fat ass rosy and punty Retrochosity and cool yard complaint with a big turn the back of her car It's got the ginger and gay Moge union that the guy wanted to hear which I'll play eventually. Hey, what does lane get huh? Want to hear the new promo we have for it just made it not yet played Yeah, okay fire dogs got if you can Listen for van locations or log on to wqm.com to get yours and the stuff too Proceeds benefit of vending that rescue the best of meal Rogers only on sports where you'll five 60 Q a M hey Marlon's fans and tanks and I'd Skame to forget this stuff by G G starting at 5 p.m See it's called tiff or 10 Who's tat He always been a promoter and our thing the rest of the day fine and then I'll promote this thing But otherwise this room anyway For I'll be out there 5 p.m. at G G at the pp parked and I'd host him the wildest party It it'll be on fox sports net and The wildest fan showing his or her true colors will join Billy the Marlon along with the mermaids and for Elphore wild ride on his boat during the game The wild ride on his something and get tickets to Saturdays game along with other Marlon's merchandise Q and price patrol beyond hand passing out five 60 WQM wild cards whatever those are There'll be a balloon artist making custom Marlon theme balloons for the kids That stop by G G QM promo both and fans can come by this is written very poorly by the way Sure, I hope must it and write this fans can come by to QM promo both and get their bodies painted showing their true Marlon's colors How do you front running phones all I go and I'd starting at 5 p.m. at G at pp parked see Asking you'll get it if you wish mirasa a little bit. We'll shmere you back if you ignore us We'll ignore you that's a way of works, maf okay. No cryover spilled milk anyway Guess what Congress is doing with great a laquerity in speed today You know, this is the same Congress that drags their feet and can't get anything done and things go on and on forever like medical care and all this other stuff Yeah votes are taking place they just showed a moment to go on CNN votes are taking place in the house and set it today to grant the federal trade commission explicit authority to create a National do not call list for telemarketers the quick action comes that after the federal judge ruled the FTC overstepped its congressional mandate to create the wildly populist See when 50 million people sign up for this thing and make it overwhelming that they don't want to be bothered by all these Gravorabbers who are desperate for some kind of a bogus job to bother with 15 20 30 times a day in a privacy of our home on our own private phone Then they say oh, yeah, we can get that and I noticed on the photo was like unanimous if you were clear If you got see span there because I don't have it I Got it I don't know what channel it is Well, find it. I'll find it and you'll see the your vote. I guarantee nobody will vote against it It'll be unanimous and they're gonna get it over to the center to saffronon and they're gonna get on the president's desk today And the president's gonna sign it and the new list will still take a fair place when we're supposed to take a Facts Wednesday October one that was expected before that judge says stock a monkey wrench and a whole damn thing that monkey judge there it is You got it what's out 117 Republicans say yay 85 Democrats say yay one independence says yay Anybody say 929 to 26 What is it the totals the total yays 209 you're a Oh, I see what's NV no vote yeah 224 having for it. Well, we don't need that that means they haven't voted. Yeah. How many knees how many they? They none nays I told you oh no and 50 million people speak they say okay. We're gonna done baby right now right now You just watch how fast we can move When 50 million people get pissed off and fired up because they're they're and then they had these poor these affect trailer trash Honor yesterday well, they're gonna take away our livelihood and there's like a million of us But you know what go get a real job, okay? Paper or plastic we like fries without that go get a real job kind of fries Oh, I like them are cleanly ones With the skins on them word has that RB Harvey. Oh, oh, man. I do like that and RB's made it come back. I want to apologize for the terrible things I said about them last year although at the time it was probably appropriate But they made a nice comeback Here's a call from Miami. Hello My hello, yes, sir. Hey, new. How are you doing sir? Great. I accept you. I have my Lord and Savior Yeah, okay. Yes, I got some out there really grosses me out. Yes, it's like when you go to and you know See a couple chicks and they live there arms they got hair on their armpits Harry's a yeah, and they got peach president the chin and a beard and a beard and A little mustache Okay, pal. All right, new. Hey, hey, Harry Women with Harry armpits. We got hairy people. No, no, no, that's not that's not the same thing at all women with Harry pits It's not the same at all I thought it was all in composing. No, it is not here. We're getting hit Harry when people say hairy people bug me We were talking about guys that got hair like under a chin and just loaded like hairy reams You know memory reams you can't throw it or like run Jeremy guys who are like walking fur balls But women with hairy pits. That's a whole different category, man You better start catching up on your pit's Mr. Cause you sure don't know Anyway Our day of the ditch Hauln Yeah Oh We I'll give you a pump of you. Oh, boy. What do we got here? It looks like we have a guest there. I mean, we have a guest. Oh, look, it's a thousand tail leaders. Well, you're a big girl. The thousand dolls, the tail leaders, and whatever the hell it is. Mmm, they smell nice. I know. Yeah, I was a compliment. Make the seats smell good, didn't it? So, you like our pump-ups? What do you think? What do you, women? I'm a cheerleader. What do you, where you got the seats? There's a way, what do you, what do you, what do you, but the bronze? Do you like when I've part my legs like this? Who's that? Who's that? Who's that? Who's that? I get it. Women in here. Who knows what to say. Oh, you got a call from Jay Fiddler. Oh, I'm on the orange. Ladies and gentlemen, this is my dear and very close man, body. Jay Fiddler. My closest friend. Oh, God, you called Jay. And how are you today? Well, we had a very tough day. Oh, I missed you, my man friend. Oh, yes. You want to have lunch? Oh, you named the son. What's that sound for? That's the sound of my tongue going up your ears. See, I could have played ginger, moe, gay, uniboticist, brand new, it's called the Mohower David, it's sent of a broad. You only think left out was... TOO MAH! He left that out. Oh, we'll work that in. Okay. Vote over. I'm her, your pardon? The voting is over. And it was you, then? No. No. Five days on the Republican side, two days on the Democratic side. Oh, what a big period they must have had, huh? We'll see then, no moe. So it's all over in a house and I'll move it over to the Senate. I guarantee you before I $12.45, I'll say, yeah, let's get it on there. And a personal sign of fact, and you can say, I'm moron. It'll be incredible. Speaking of morons, they had the big debate in California last night. Accusing his opponents have tried to pull the wool over the people's eyes, Arnold Schwarzenegger did his best last night to dominate a riot as debate. Among the primary candidates in the California Rear Collection, Taunting the other contenders with sarcastic cracks about their policies. He was taunting them. You ready for that? He's taunting them. Yeah. That's the best part of the whole thing. Hello. Yeah. Contrary to widespread predictions that the forum would be scripted, the candidates bigger than interrupted one another in a 90-minute rhetorical battle. Your personal income tax loophole, I could drive my hummer through a Schwarzenegger who's running for governor as a Republican said The Minister commenced Arianna Huffing the new sounds just like Eva Gabor. Huffing the enshouded down Schwarzenegger when he tried to interrupt her comments about the state budget, this is the way you treat women. We know that she said. I have a perfect part for you, and Terminator 4 he shot back with a grin. In Schwarzenegger's most recent movie Terminator 3 is character, Dougson woman said, in a toilet. The frustrated moderator who at times barely managed to move to the made forward interjected, this is not comedy's central I swear. The event was maker break for Schwarzenegger, and he was far in a way that made attraction in the evening. I can't believe that's because of the media, isn't it? The forum featuring five of the 135 candidate significant replacement Governor Gray, Davis Mark the first time. Schwarzenegger confronted his rivals in person, making it undoubtedly the most highly publicized campaign of at the first time. He's not planning to participate in any other forms of reflection because he's got limited vocabulary. Under intense pressure to prove his viability is a candidate. Schwarzenegger tried to prove his mastery of policy details, citing figures and dollar amounts from time to time. Still he dodged answers to a few questions that it was unclear, for example, whether he supported providing full health care benefits to children of illegal immigrant workers. And the article goes on, says the nastiest exchanges in the world, Schwarzenegger and Huffington who spoke often in Unison for long stretches. Huffington repeatedly compared Schwarzenegger to President Bush, hoping to attach the public increasing when they have impressed with the Bush administration to a Republican rival. Let's make one thing clear on October 8th, it's not going to be Governor Bush, it's going to be Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger said. The last thing this state needs is Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger Huffington retorted, something just like Ava Gabor without the pig, finally. After the debate, Huffington said she was so outraged by his interruptions, which he described as sexist, that she would no longer hold back from attacking Schwarzenegger's attitude toward women, speaking to reporters she mentioned interview Schwarzenegger to We We Magazine in the 70s about having group sex. Lieutenant Governor Cruz Bush, he was there by the way. At the Cruz side, neck and neck with Schwarzenegger and a Pulitzer-Mane cool, despite Schwarzenegger's constant interruptions, I didn't interrupt you, Arnold, he said smoothly when Schwarzenegger jumped in a complaint about politicians, and we said, do a little more than smile for photographers, you're what to talk about photo ops Bush the money said. Ooh, nice going Cruz, by Troy. Troy from Bounce for Life was here. Oh hey, how you doing, Troy? How's your been going? Everything okay? Yeah, everything's going well. I'll a squid. Great, Toronto sensational man. They have a thing just like yours up here. I figured what they call it, but it's very similar. I may get on it. Yeah, I know I started on the internet. I may hop on it. I got the Yel Black Stack here right now. Excellent. How's that the beast doing? Is he staying on the straight narrow now? Uh, from what I hear, that's what he's saying, but you know, Okay, well nice to chat with you briefly, Troy. All right, buddy. Then the whole the Bobga News, please. So anyway, getting back to Martina, Martina and I brought to Lovah, who's a lot butcher that Arnold will ever dream of being, will plan to get into Pueber's service after she stops serving following in 2005. Martina. An effort to Lovah turns 47 as my next month said yesterday at the Spark Cassin Cup tournament, then she plans to play through the end of next season. Then she wanted to get involved with the American politics. She says, perhaps running for office. If Arnold Schwarzenegger can run for Governor of California, then who knows I have the muscles, Sidna Brothaloway, check for New West City's new lives in Colorado. I will be involved, especially the way things are going right now. The conservative party is too strong. She said, being the left wing duck that, of course we all know and love. Yes. She ranks among the greatest tennis-dike players ever with a total of 50 when it goes out about her tennis-crack. She says, I enjoy playing tennis, but I also enjoy not playing tennis. I love life whether it's with or without tennis. She's not too big on balls. But she sure probably got a big pair of your and T-at. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. We're asking what's your biggest roast out. Body odor. People who smell, people who stink. People haven't seen a bar of coast in about 30 years. 108. Jelly rolls of fat 58. See, when I'm talking about jelly rolls, I'm talking about, you see, I think I know it well. You know what I mean? Sure. Big, big, really fat. It's like the beast like Josh Friedman, like Fat Boy. A bad breath of the three. Fat T-21, Zitz 14. Bad wing 10, Mo. Only feet seven. Harry people, six, red hair, four, sloppy clothes three. I'll be no street, tattoos do. And none yet for Dandruff or woman with Harry Pizzas. Just went up there out of 280 men on votes. Women who are on the list. Women who are on the list. Look at that spitting Harry Pizzas. Mark received pretty much from ground zero by historical standards compared to Germany. What a slut man. What a bitch. Oh, it's that Ann Kulferaz. Yeah, can you believe that? What is she doing on there? What have they dragged her out of the goddamn closet for again? You bitch, you slut, you wore. Oh my god. The anxious, nice to discuss a, who by the way, of course, concerts with Miss Drog, you know, they probably pair, compared wardrobes. I never noticed how much skinny she was. She is a skank. She's a nasty bitch and I guarantee a man. They'll gigantic, puss-filled thing. I'm going to have to play that again, you know. Okay. So make sure Muffko's out to lunch. She gets really nervous when he hears about that. You're like a snag. Here's a, here's a Davy. Hello. Neil, what do you say? Yes sir. Thanks for taking my call. I'm going to call him in. A national non, uh, geriatric dip. Okay. Anyway, I'm a fireman down here in South Florida for any fire department. Okay. I'll tell you what's gross. We know that women get manicures and pedicures, but this is coming very popular with the sisters on here. They go get pedicures. And if you ever seen a movie, dumb and dumb, or Jim Carries getting this nails done, right. Dude, that is their toenails now. And they get it with the rhinestones, and they get them airbrushed and everything. It is the grossest pain because they can't wear shoes, because the nails are like every bit of those forages long. And they can't get shoes on, they got to walk down. I can relax a lot for a day, yeah. And the cheese that builds up in there in the bag. It is just so bad. How do you get your nose done there? Oh, it's awesome. It's nothing like when you're on a system. It's five feet and nothing. When you weigh 340 pounds, that is an ass on it that you can pay the plate of food on. It's the hat for sale. It is the best. So what do we put that down as? I wonder. We have ugly feet. Get my dirty feet. Like a ring of pink feet. Okay, pal. Hey. Take care of yourself. And why is then pulls when you're sliding? He's right though. That's a new thing I've been seeing. What is that? Really, really long toenails all decorated up. Like it's not, you know, you're used to seeing long toenails. Like the people just have it clipped them. And they need to. These are like long toenails that are all painted and decorated and be, you know, festoon with jewels and sequels. Yeah. They're like, how about one way to go? Last off here. I know last time we did this about this 75 months ago. Uh, tons of body jewelry. I seem to be one of the only very few. I guess I'm an old fashioned old fart. Oh, because we've got to get that on there. But speaking of being an old fart and I announced this very, you know, I could keep this a secret. But I'll tell you the truth. Even if it hurts. Yesterday for, and I got a few odds and ends that because it's, it's inconvenient to pay cash no matter where you are for, for things that are like more than just a couple of bucks. So I decided to open a checking account here. You know, because I've been here for a couple of years and I'm here quite a bit. Okay. So I went to a bank in the hood. And she's explaining to me the various options of this kind of checking account and that kind of and whatever. And she says, oh, because you're over 60, you're like a senior citizens and now you get to free checking. Yeah, and you don't find that you have any idea what the culture struck the first time somebody looks at you. Oh, now that you're a senior citizen. Yeah, well, we're proud. And I looked at her and I said, oh, I happened to be in. Oh, my God. Yeah, I really did. It's just doing a little bit shocking and you grabbed it. I thought you were 80. You know, whoever makes the log up, she is just so, she needs to be slapped around a little bit. You know, because she's based in my in a right hour. You might do it like a dialometrist now again at 12 or 40. Yes, you are. Well, what is wrong with this woman? Is she some kind of like a retard or something? What is her problem? The amount of energy and thought and effort that goes into making his log man, you could stick in your ass and everyone for an old or left over for all that plus. Oh, I better go. What? Whatever she said, I don't know what did she say to the face of dad. Oh. This, this, this, this, this, this. Oh, well, I don't dare leave that playboy TV audio until we don't have time for too many beliefs. Well, I don't forget my girl. You got about 20 minutes left to get in some cash to want to clock a dream car south 174 or three south. Tixie, how he's got all the best Neil Merchettized. He's got the more Howard David. He changed an age and managed. Oh, he changed an our best in the year 2002, 2003 CDs and a cartridge in a per tree. How much has he gotten that? He is so far. 400 ish. Is that just a guess? No, he called 400 but that would like 10, 15 minutes ago. 400. Well, we'll least do over 500 or else. Okay, if you don't do 500 at least there, then that's it. Then we're going to have to start sending Darina out to do a real man's job. Is that time of the year again when Matt for showrooms and furtives of stores continue a pedaling a hockey and you with those phony ad sales? And they have to do that. They have to like double the price and say to give any half off to come even close to the low everyday prices. 365 days year, the honest prices that dial them after so far as you all the time, like Morty Glickman. For discount prices on dozens of models from SEALY, you sur'd a temperate eximence King Corbisterns and foster hewit. You need to call 1-800 mattress. No nonsense, do bait and switch, no house brands, no phony promises, and best of all you'll never pay it, dial them at first for the best service going anywhere on a planet. You get service like you only view them about from the delivery team rank number one in the world when you call dial them at first. 1-800 mattress, you still get to pick the time and day delivery, I know it's unheard of. But you pick it, not them. You can't even get to pick it up. If you're not going to get to pick it up, you'll get to pick it up. If you're not going to pick it up, you'll get to pick it up. If you're not going to pick it up, you'll get to pick it up. If you're not going to pick it up, you'll get to pick it up. If you're not going to pick it up, you'll get to pick it up. If you're not going to pick it up, you'll get to pick it up. If you're not going to pick it up, you'll get to pick it up. If you're not going to pick it up, you'll get to pick it up. If you're not going to pick it up, you'll get to pick it up. If you're not going to pick it up, you'll get to pick it up. If you're not going to pick it up, you'll get the answer. If you're not going to pick it up, you'll get to pick it up. If you're not going to pick it up, you'll get it up, what are you talking about, but you'll get them. If you're not going to pick it up, you'll get to the end. If you're not going to pick it up, you'll get left direction, that's all we have over the corner. If you're not just going to pick it up, you'll get to pick that up. If you skip, you'll get to pick that up. If you're not going to pick it up, you'll get to pick all that, And now you will for new album, Shakira sings other people's hits. She's got all her new. All her new album, she already made music history by recording her first English language album. And now she's taking her art form to the next level. By re-recording songs that we're already hits in English, and she's got all her new songs that we've got. She's got all her new songs that we've got. Shakira sings other people's hits. She sings other people's hits. She sings other people's hits. She's just a former man and a woman. She really, really, really, really, really like her scene. She wrote as an audience. For 48 at 5.60, I'm thinking of that CD's our pass-A as far as raising money for fundraisers. Because everybody, they burn copies for each other. Yeah, sooner or later, ones up on the win mix or one of those, and they all start downloading it for free. I'm thinking next year, let's come up with something a little bit more interest. How are you for an idea? Penciled in anal vibrators, they're used to go about lots of people off of bigot? I already know what? Yeah. A picture book. Maybe he'd be in there, right? A picture book of what? Of all of these people, like good pictures, because people want to see the pictures, all they have is the site, like some really good pictures of the staff of you, maybe you're asked, things like that. My ass? Braccomt, holy, you're very ass. Oh! Groot-esque. Here's a good one from pokets, as men who were speedos of the beach. Men would speedos, I think we didn't put that on there, and how about French Canadians? Which could be some of the members, huh? Just French Canadians. Yeah. You don't think that's acceptable for Canadians? Yes, I do, they gross me out. Yeah, they make me sick to my stomach, if I just see them. French people piss me out. That's why I play that coming back after the break. So there you go, men would speedos of the beach in French Canadians. You can't do body jewelry, just makes me sick to my stomach, with the stuff in the tongue, and the, oh god. Can't stand it. Comi old fashioned. Comi a senior citizen like they did the bank yesterday. You old codger, you old... Gramps, that's okay, the old man, Gramps. Old fart. By the way, today was payday. Did you get it? I don't know if I got my paycheck, I'll find out later now afternoon. I better than well I got that paycheck, or clearance I'm going to shove your foot up his ass. Here's some rise though. Hey, Neil. This is those people with all the piercings in the face. They look like they fell face first into a tackle box on that. I had a double dose of grossed, it grossed you story the other day. I'm walking down the aisle in this old guy in front of me is hacking up along. He turns and he hawkers right on the floor. Right. I totally went off on him. I was telling Adam and it's down. I looked down and on the top of his hand is this open and infectious oozing sore. Are you sure was his hand? Am I doing part of the ankle? I called the manager and he was nice, but there was nothing he could do. He just got a guy to mop it up. Just that was disgusting as it got from me. Okay, well thanks for letting me check or just had to have a nice day. Tom, don't do it again. Thanks, Pally. Alright. That's advertising him. Sure. I don't know what we would put that down. I just think that was a suggestion. I just thought it was a story. It was just a story. I was trying to figure out somebody to work it in there. What have they got this bitch on here for? Tom, who lives in California. She's analyzing the debate. She's got then another, some other goofball on here. She's the first of all. She lives in freaking Miami now. Somewhere in South Florida. Well what the hell is she? They always drag out. You'll be amazed that all the poles I have piled up here now. Okay. You're welcome. I'm like, 10 away ahead. Like to think about your favorite rock group other than the Beatles and the Stones. That's coming very soon. And then think about the straight favorite straight I with a guy with a queer eye. Which team are you talking to? You pray never to see again. Oh yeah. I got her on there and Nancy Grace to start. But I don't want to add to it. Yeah. They may start. That's for it. Down the road. Somebody you think is an asshole, but you enjoy their work. Right? We don't like that. I like that. You're the first four. Yeah. I do. Dick Clark. Okay. Richard Dawson. All right. Neil Rogers and Moh Howard David. Good start. Definitely. Yeah. So I think we've got a whole bunch of good start. Thank goodness. Don't forget all your Marlins fans. Let's do this one more time because they'll rise muffled. You start crying. You're gonna eat the promo. Greg, you're gonna eat the promo. I'll read the promo. Like I said, you should be a rest of the most familiar back. But what that radio station is done for us. I'm taking what they did for us. I think that's the way we put it. Don't do us no more favors. You morons you. And you people that logo, Mar-Man, you talk about having no shame. That's just, I got that letter. I'm saving it. Copy you sent me yesterday. I got five copies. Yeah. If we had a plastered copies on tea rooms, all of our cover up glory holes with all of our sound Florida. Don't do that. Take one. I'll take one. I'll take one. I'll take one. I'll take one. I'll take one. I'll take one. I'll take one. Take one out to Westland, the JC pennies this afternoon. No, thank you. All you morons fans that say tonight's game don't forget to stop by gate G's starting at five o'clock because for now we'll be out there hosting the wireless party yet. And it'll be on Fox Sportsnet. The wireless fan showing his or her true colors will join Billy the Mar-Man along with the Murbates and for Rauh for a while. Well, I'll tell you he's sure a self-promoter. I'll say that. Yeah. Well, that was a nice way of putting it. For a wild ride on his boat during the game and get tickets to Saturdays game along with other Marlins merchandise. That's the game against the anxious meds. The QM price which will be on hand passing out 560 WM wild cards. We don't have any bumper stickers on this God for second station but we got wild cards. Do we know what that is? I don't know. There'll be balloon artists making custom Marlon team balloons for the kids who stop by gate G at the QM promo booth and fans can come out of QM promo booth and get their bodies painted showing their two Marlins colors. I wonder who's going to be doing the body painting? I guess it all depends on which fan stop by and show up. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Your biggest gross up. In fact, I'm looking at a well, a blue screen right now and that's grossing me on. Here's a pepper pie. Hello. Neil, God. How are you today? I love your show. I always love that area. Not much to say. My wife is still great. She swallows. But my biggest gross out. How about plumbers crack? You get it? 560, 560, pound 560, on the AT&T. Then Verizon wireless line. Oh, you get it. Apparently. Here's a call from Boca, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? You just said the magic work. You said pound 560. And I'm on my AT&T wireless phone. I was at work the other day and I walked it all the way to the mall and game when they played. I guess it was the fillings in the afternoon when they had the hurricane at 1 o'clock. Alright. Stop pound 560. I put my headset on so no one knew I was listening to the game. And I got to build my AT&T bill for $49 for listening to that game because it was not a free call. Alright. So, is it a free call or not? Not when a Marlins are on. Not when the Marlins are on? No. When a Marlins are on, we charge a double. No, it is a factory. Well, I shouldn't do that anymore. You have enough of me. What does that mean? It means I thought that could have just turned on the radio and listened to the game for free. How did you see on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line? And here's a man who paid 50 bucks to listen on the phone. Instead of listening for free on a radio. I think you got what you deserve. Don't you? Oh. He just figured it out. He doesn't have to put any coins in the radio to make it work. He just figured that out. Oh, he thought that CD slot was a coin nut. He could have brought his Sony a walkman and put that on instead of having to got him phone and his ear. He could have done that and had the little accord and his ear. I thought I wanted to say, well, I know. You're following us? Yeah. Speaking of 560. Yes? 560. Well, be nice to make this 600 anyway. Wouldn't it be a moral victory more minutes? We got till one o'clock. Three and a half more minutes till one. Miguel is there a dream car. One 74 or three South to see highway. All you people on South day that had been belly aching and we never ascend the Avanda on air. Miguel wasn't sure was lovely face done. He's there. He's waiting for you. He got four minutes at Dreamcar South. Stop by and that we need 40 more bucks for 600. That'll be pretty weak. Do we have a total so far? That till he gets back. Let me tell you about a great idea. Laminate Sir Ross because boy natural wood flooring is beautiful but it is so damn expensive. And this is the easy role maintenance alternative to spending all of that money. Laminate Sir Ross is the best place to find lemonade wood flooring at an amazingly low price from the top names in the business. Pirator per govel son art uniform. Quick step they got them all. All the top names all installed by per go certified installers too. Another good reason why I had to be calling these folks. Laminate Sir Ross is because their prices will floor you. That's how low they really are. Right now get their September kick off special for just 19 95 bucks. Just 19 95 bucks gets you up to 382 square feet of beautiful. Laminate wood flooring. It is positively unbelievable. I love an espotterweight that the top it has pronounced Laminate. Okay. I wonder who's who's it count is this? Good question. Do they think I'm illiterate? Do they think I have some kind of a moron? Yeah. Some kind of a quizzling. And Laminate Sir Ross will match any legitimate written offer too. For a free and home estimate, call Laminate Sir Ross toll free and tell that illiterate old crusty senior citizen Neil told you to call 1 877 777 733 36. My life and low this is 436, you are doing it. But heads, it's the one to two hour. She's a perfect match and you. Who likes the flash of hands in you. When she don't have those on you. She's hanging like the strumming on right ankle to the ramps in stat. And coasters ramps in stat. Imagine what you can pack from an cold dirt stat. Gonna be a pile. Scratch is with a brush. She's thanks a ralgo. And ill Marbuch will never get thrudge. And coasters ramps in stat. And coasters ramps in stat. A swirl of pool of crap. And coasters ramps in stat. Using fungern voice, you're looking out her voice there. Walking with the bill of dough. Furly gambes high to her butt and coasters ramps in stat. And coasters ramps in stat. And coasters ramps in stat. And coasters ramps in stat. And coasters ramps in stat. And coasters ramps in stat. And coasters ramps in stat. And coasters ramps in stat. And coasters ramps in stat. And coasters ramps in stat. And coasters ramps in stat. And coasters ramps in stat. And coasters ramps in stat. And coasters ramps in stat. And coasters ramps in stat. And coasters ramps in stat. And coasters ramps in stat. And coasters ramps in stat. And coasters ramps in stat. And coasters ramps in stat. And coasters ramps in stat. And coasters ramps in stat. And coasters ramps in stat. And coasters ramps in stat. And coasters ramps in stat. And coasters ramps in stat. And coasters ramps in stat. And coasters ramps in stat. And coasters ramps in stat. And coasters ramps in stat. And coasters ramps in stat. And coasters ramps in stat. And coasters ramps in stat. And coasters ramps in stat. And coasters ramps in stat. And coasters ramps in stat. And coasters ramps in stat. And coasters ramps in stat. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8. I'm going to do my stories here because this is there obviously reaching and stretching. That was just why we're getting more idiots. The bubble boy guy, my favorite. And by the way, back at you. George W. Bush is in the worst political trouble of his presidency according to a new NBC news Wall Street Journal, Paul released last night. Bush is a approval rating now stands at just 49% the lowest point of his 10 year. Well, the Democrats will be able to exploit his woes is unknown, yati, yati, with only 50 months until the general election. The president and his political strategists have their work out for him, especially in ensuring skittish voters that his plans to stabilize Iraq will work. Presented in the NBC news, Wall Street Journal pulled with various options for raising the money to pay for the Iraqi project. 56% of respondents said they'd offer repeating the portion of the tax cuts that Congress has made that benefits upper income taxpayers. But he liked that. I like it. And it goes on a great length. It's on our website, by the way, it's from MSNBC. And the headline NBC pulled Bush rating lowest ever. It's on our website, read it and jump for joy. And you bush people out there. Shame on you. You can weed like good stuff. You can sit around a cry like a baby. Bloodling Steve to Rolex slang. You were telling me about this story before. Traject. Lodling's Rolex Steve to driveway killing says the heroine and ex-con with the history of Snatching, oh, there's that word again. Snatching expensive Rolexes is wounded either run in the and the prime suspect in the driveway sling of a prominent coconut-growing businessman. My police chief John Timoni said yesterday. Anthony Craig Lee. 31 cropped as blocks from the street of $0.00 homes where Jose Calva was shot in the street as he gave up his diamond-acquested Rolex and ring the evening of September 18. Lee was tied to the shooting death by the blood found in his getaway car. The niece Calva was a cow-dose-wide shot at the fleeing man. Hit him in the left side. Lee's DNA was in the state's criminal database due to his violent history offering police an easy match. He should be considered armed and dangerous in may seek medical care. Timoni said, Greg Ormond attorney for niece Calva said Wednesday. She's pleased to know they've identified the suspect. But one of Lee's previous victims is saying, Lee should have served more time in prison for the previous crimes and he is, Mr. Calva would still be allowed today if Lee had been given time for shooting me said Ron Garalnik, who was shot in Rob by Lee in 1992. He would have been incarcerated for a more significant part of his life. In 1990s Lee was a member of the proficient Rolex robbers band pulling off a string of hold-ups. There's a lesson here folks don't wear Rolex watch. No, death magnets. Police eventually busted him and other members of the group who targeted owners of the expensive timepiece. Lee took a plea deal on at least two such robberies according to court records and prosecutors and served ten years who was released in May. Now Lee faces a first-degree murder charge in Calva's death, but police nickes Fred South Florida, however they know exactly where his mother ended up, and custody at the Miami-Dade County jail. On Tuesday detective search Lee's family house at 3762 Day Avenue in a grove they found a black pouch containing crack cocaine and charged Vernika Lee 50. How you doing Vernika? With position within ten a possession with intent to sell according to the police. They had hoped to find Calva's Rolex and ring inside the home, but those items likely himself are missing. There's no indication that he's tried to pawn them said Miami homicide, Lieutenant Daniel the Mingaz. After his release from prison five months ago, Lee returned to the Cinder Block home on day Avenue just blocked in the driveway where Calva was shot in the hede. They were one of the original families. They had their problems but they were fine said John Williams, who said his family is owned the day Avenue house and they're all, they're early behaving in insistious settlement the grove in early 1900s. They're behaving in ancestors. William said he is known these parents since they were children, but never so much of their son. Williams was shocked when told he was wanted by police in the coffin of an murder. I knew they've been some trouble. I didn't take really to that he said yad yad. Lee's crowned a record dates back to 1988 including 14 arrests for charges and included attempted murder and drug possession and of course 92 convicted of those police robberies and they said 10 years is enough. So now this guy is dead. There you go there's the American justice system for you. Now speaking of crack cocaine if we would have been found with a pin joint in his possession he'd probably got about 20 you know. Keep him stanched away for a long long time with it without his dash. After America for you, are you pot smokers out there? 10 to 20 baby no parole no peep bargaining. 5 6 7 now do we get a final total from a yo? 6 80. But that's not too bad. We'll take it. I mean it's not great it's not spectacular but it's a start it's almost 700 bucks last time I checked and maybe we'll actually get like an up to day total on our band and pair rescue on our best Neil campaign which is limping and howling along. Because we got a lot of real cheap free loading bastards in south or real real cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap free loaders is what we got. Make no mistake about it. If we had 5000 free Marlon tickets for the phones would be smoking and they'd be smoldering. We would bust out the guy damn phone lines if we had a whole crapload of Marlon tickets to give you. Of course if you have to pay for your own you they're going to buy them. No. I had a laugh reading about the in I guess it was the hero. Yesterday about the long lines of people starting early in the morning on Tuesday for the first release game. Well if that's the case how come they only had 25000 people. Scott. I don't know. Yeah long lines. I mean it just everybody in their brother wanted those tickets but when they got to a certain number I guess they just said okay that's it. They're probably sold out now. Let's turn them on and go home. The place will date. What? 40,000? Yeah they they they one game a couple of ways to go to head 40,000 which is I think that maybe the biggest they've ever had there that's jam packed they can come in 40 grand. If they don't have at least 30 tonight with the. About 30 man. Well being there and all the stuff that's going on and this could be the clinch at least a time. I mean if they're not though I can't crack their night then it's just as hopeless. They should just all get in a bus and say hey we did our best. We did a hell of a job for it. Screw you guys. That's what they should do. Just flip everybody the bird on the way out of town. One 13 at five 60 WCM speaking a number is all you mortgage shoppers out there. If you want to save yourself tens of thousands of dollars here's the smart way to do it. Interest rates for homelones are shooting up dramatically but. There's still is an interest rate available out there Virginia has just 1.95% from our friends at financial group. If it sounds exciting view get more information by calling toll free. 1 800 940 land. That's 100. I beg your pardon. 800 needs God. 800. 800. How did that come from? Pass few minutes. You just give me 60 and I'll say 100. Hey that that puts a smile on my post. Am I crag you old senior citizen? Well that grosses me out. What's that? A smile on your post. Well maybe you'd like to take a look at it. Call 1 800 940 land. It's truly a economy is changing. So even if you're thinking about refinancing your homelones. Or move up to a better real estate deal. Call financial group because it's not the essence for real. 1.95% financing from financial group. If you have a hundred thousand dollars low your payments are only 3608 a month. If you have a 200 thousand dollars low and you pay only 736 bucks a month. Almost anybody can afford that. So confidential group and get yourself the amazingly low 1.95% interest rate that you've been praying and wishing and hoping for 1 800 940 land LE and V for financial group. The Reneacle Housing lender credit restrictions do apply. Great subject to change monthly 5.19 APR. My life and low this is 405.60 2.1 1 2 1 1 Thank you for calling us this tea time. I'm going to pick up my 92 core from your life. And that is our choose turn in the back seat. Are you sure? Yes. And there's one vaccine. A tower of safer. A big ass human turn in the back seat of my call. Man, I assure you our guys do not take it down for your car. If you want to bring that car back and we'll take a look at it. You owe you want to take a look at it. My car is fine. It's that big ass turn in the back seat. Okay. What would you like me to do? I said, okay, how about I'm going to your house and pick the low for you. Can't talk about it. Man, what would you like me to do to fix the situation? I want somebody to come over here. Get this car out of my back seat. That's not going to happen. What is that going to happen? You can bring the car here and we can take a look at it. I am going to bring it back there. You know what I'm going to do? I'm going to take a dump in every last call you got there. I'm going to peel your counter. I'm going to do it all. Okay. You can do how it feels. I don't know what you feel. I have a big girl in there. It probably came out your way. Oh, yeah. I don't make it to happen to go on. I'm taking them dumping the car. How about you, you way? About 400 pounds. That's your turn. That's my turn. Yes. That came up from 400 pounds. That's just a 400 pound man. That's just a 400 pound man. Even that old gorilla. I'm driving his car right to my lawyer's office. And I'm going to let the whole world see you going to be on the news. It's even buddy. I'm going to get seven on my side. Why? You want to be on the news? Can you describe this? This is just a, I mean, what does it look like? You know where it is. It came out so, eh? What's the hell you can work on? It's what it's like. It's what it smells like. It smells like you sold your ass to the devil. It's not as long as my arm. I don't think it's like, why y'all? This is not what I got to them. Two more for and my back feet. You know, I think this is a racial stick too. That's what they're like. I'm going to get a little kiss. I'll run away from it. I'll play it all fine. It's funny. It's okay. I want to see a private. I'm going to see a real suit. All right. How long does it look like it's been seven? It's David coming off of it. Okay. James, James, come and help him? Yes. He was a kid and a kid. He was a kid. He was a kid. He was a kid. I am taking this as a fresh chair. Okay. What you need to do is you need to bring that chair back. And we'll match it up. We have a line up. We'll match it up with the other chairs that we have. Well, what you need to do is learn how to use a plug. We see it. I can bring the serve back to me. No. You know what? Is it sample? No. I'm starting to like it. I'm going to keep it as a fat. Well, keep it. Because it's a nice book. You know what? It's a nice conversation piece. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. One twenty two five sixty w q a much your biggest gross out body odor 133 people of stink like crap. Jelly rolls of fat 68 bad breath 61 bad teeth 34 is it's 18 women with hairy pits rhymes with zits 11 ugly feet 11 bad wig 10 hairy people seven dirty pus six the old dirty pus tattoos five right here. See tattoos that that should be like. Little more explicit. House up. Well, I've tons of tattoos lots of well too many whatever. Right here for Augusto's three sloppy clothes three Dan rough none and general words none. Honey like that somebody walks up to you and says words new I'd run like a son of a bitch five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T level got a minute open lines out of course. They're out of material. Here's a call from Kendall. Hello. Yes sir. I did my part. All right. Thank you. All right. Sure. How about people with piercings on the face? Like on their eyebrows and the body sludge face piercings. Eric isn't getting emails. That's what's going on today. Oh, I see. I forgot to body piercing. How am I with you man? Thanks a lot. You have all this got to reach my amy. I had to call a thousand times and the thing was busy and then the phone is ringing for five hours. What's the deal? What's that doing over there? Scott said a plane will himself. He must be. He's having a good time. Thanks a lot, Pally. Thank you. See you. Scott's watching Playboy TV down there probably. I sure am. All right. What do you like part back here? Why feel better now? Look how small that thing is. These don't put guys on these movies that you're a small. I just think you'll almost like a real man. Oh, she's got what did he say? I don't know. Play to get it. I don't know. But he ain't going to say it again. I know that. Well, she's got one in her mouth and one in her hand. M&M's. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T for us. What is it got to help this? I mean, didn't eat her. But that's not too bad. Thank you very much, Pally. Because it's been a real pull. And I know there's a lot of people out there right now. I don't think our audience is there during the August September dot time. Apparently not. How many more weeks before they come back? But third man. They really aren't. We're just a trend in water right now until they decide they want to come back. Spinning wheels. Yeah, we're spinning our wheel. Let's spin the wheel. What do you say? But I think that's damn white of QM. Now that we put in that promo one year. Find job. Tommy did there too. I was going Tommy. You know how fast they got that. I want to threaten not to be the promo at all. I've crap at the evolved park tonight. If they don't get 30,000 people at the Marlin game tonight. I'm taking them all off. How's that? Okay. Didn't that sound reasonable to you? No. Why not? I mean, what kind of a bogus town is that man? I mean, out of nowhere comes this team without my global no less. So I noticed the hump right on yesterday. And Hank, by the way, also was ripping the town for the crappy attendance. Nice going, hopper. You're the man. Seriously. It's an embarrassment. It's humiliating. What the hell does it take to get people out there? They want to re-guide them. They still wouldn't get out there. They must have got some freaking bobble head down to some other piece of crap to give away for free. Here's a call from Hailea. Hello. Hey, how's it going? Pretty good. Listen, I was the one to drop you off the cassette about two weeks ago. He said, Georgia, we get them. The best of me on the best of written sets. Yeah. Do you get them, George? I got them. And they told you need more? No, we don't need more. Okay. Thank you. I'm so proud of another thing. Rocky, a jewelry eye. He's selling now. He's doing what both group and you to do with the psychic network. Yeah. Sign a sheer desperation man. Yeah, I'd hide the other day and it freaked me out. It's a sad thing. I can't be right up there with the what's his name from chips. What else is his name? Eric Strava. Eric is strata, that fact. Oh, and another thing I was open on. Your hamster this week and the zebraman was going door to door. Saying hi to everybody. Oh, right. You know, I didn't open the door. I got to see Xavier Swar as the least. He's got a nice bathroom in a sense of humor anyway. All right. You have an I rotate, pal. I'm proud of you. I'm proud of you. 26 past one at five, 60 WQM. We got the half hour to go here. Then we got the mad dog at you. The wildly unbelievably popular mad dog. We want to pull yesterday your favorite sports catcher by one about five thousand votes. And then it was incredible. It was a grand slide. Hmm. Well, it was sliding on it. Then you got the hump, where we got the probably the softest gig even softer. I mean, I was going to do it for the 630, but an hour that is being oh, Cook. So we've got an hour and a half show today saying the same thing. I was going up her. Be know Cook five to six. We have no idea why. Marlon's on deck 630, 705, the Phillies at the Marlon's the third and final game of this series. If the Marlon's win, they clinched at least the tie for the wildcard. Am I right, Scott? I was a little rick sir. Yeah. So this is a humongous game. We got all kinds of every that probably again before the half hours of it. And a lot of good stuff going Scott for us going to be there with a lot of self-aggrandizing stuff. Fox Sports is going to have him on the year. They're going to be doing all kinds of things. And it'll be great. I like I said, I'm not trying to pretend I'm jumping on a bandwagon. Although I'm pleased to see that they're doing very well. And it's got to be something good happened in that town just once in a while. Just for a variety, right? Something positive. Just for the hell of it to see what it feels like. Any can after the game was forgotten what it feels like. And you'll mark overnight, would like to feel it to the 5 an a.m. Before my close personal best new friend. More how it did it. Why are we bonding or what? We are. I mean, you're really doing most of the person a person bonding, but even by long distance. So if we're certain. We're certain. Men our relationship. Hey, if you're underpaid overworked around or appreciated, we'd like to have a new hot pain career before the year comes to an end before the new year. Not made necessarily a Jewish new year. That's too soon. But like your regular ordinary pedestrian glacier new year, then call fast train toll free at 1 866 fast train. They we'd he can every train and certified in no time at all. The demand for computer professional is gigantic. So why not get you a new high pan career, big fat paycheck and a real life that goes along with all of these things. Fast train offers you job placement assistance. Convenient to eating weekend schedules. And I would six Florida locations to in Tampa and four in South Florida. There is bound to be just fingers one year by you. Fast train offers financial assistance for people to qualify. So call fast train. You got nothing to lose but you did an job call 1 866 fast train. First check them out of the web at fast train.com and then pick up that phone. Be sure and mention Todd Breck's name when you call. It'll really change your life. Call 1 866 fast train. My local V6 is my city. We're in your own your own. You idiot. It's day. It's day. Oh, you Miami town. Oh, I'm five six oh. W.Q. Hey. You. He's the super star. And there's Prince. In the end. Oh. Pretty weird to hear. Far. And there's Prince. On the day. And when he calls her. And she's the one. And she's the one. And there's Prince. And there's Prince. People say. To the street. Even. And there's Prince. Can't keep it in his pants. So he's up. And they had a kiss. That's the thing. It's got a blue. He's a look. Got a kiss. And there's he said. She said. This is the look. Back. On the outside. She's like the end. Wasn't shy. Can't keep it. It's. Can't keep it. It's. It's. It's. It's. He will come tomorrow. He will come tomorrow. No. She cut you. No.<|cy|>pun. Unless. That's it. Now. Remember. Oh. God. To. To. the What's your traffic Robert Blake and help him out if that other guy can't take care of the problem? We got 138 say body odor, which is double the next closes category. I got one for you Okay, big gross out and then I'm not gonna put it on there because the wording is too difficult People who spit when they speak Okay, yes, I generally that's older people even older than me, which is saying a lot generally, but not always You don't use to do that all the time. You know that hockey guy that Ron Dr. Ron from Philadelphia That he's becoming bug me at the games all the time and he'll get like two inches away from your face He's spinning as he's speaking But it's time to get through it a conversation and you have to have a towel and go take a shower with Ray Whitney Which is a pretty good builder sprayers? Well speaking of the sprayers You said you've had that experience. Oh, yeah, you can I hate that. Yeah, well that drives me nuts. It's the rudest and those people For whatever reason they always seems to be the one that when they talk to you they can't talk like from a normal distance That was a good up like right in your pussy, you know, that's make sure they get some onion It's usually guys It's now speaking of the spigna sprayers. I don't want to pick on my close friend Josh Curtis because I would like to squeeze his private for a few minutes But the QA and website I got Updates not we still don't have anything on there in addition to which they still haven't disabled the email thing under my Was there no How many months has that been about Oh, you're still can click an email Neil and the outlook expressed and comes up and the email and we don't get those We don't want them. We don't pay any attention those. We don't do emails with the general low pedestrian smucks out there. It just Ponderous the deal with that link. Yeah, because remember yesterday I didn't know who descended to so dry stuff. I just sent it to him. Apparently that has to go to corporate What do you mean it has to go to corporate? What are you talking about? I'm talking about what I was told the double kind of a horse ball after is that anyways? Over there to the west coast where yeah, they have to put it on from there after everybody rubber stands at of course They have to put what on they have to put our link on from over there Oh, you're talking about the link to our fundraiser, Jess. Oh, you have to be kidding me. You have to be joking me What a bureaucratic bunch of those picking red next man would abandon you under thing God, that's embarrassing. Here's your call from Miami. Hello Meal See okay It is discussing good point. I'm in fact I've mentioned last week or the week before that I've been having the official foreflesher in town Would bad luck public toilets always seem to be following by a fairly sure short period of time somebody who just don't know how to make that thing You're disappear People who are from like any fifth world countries who just don't understand the wonders of indoor plumbing Thomas Krapher would be embarrassed How do we phrase that because that is a good one? Oh, yeah, the remains of the day and Unflushed bull I think that's good. Okay, an unflushed bull Man, oh man The aroma the Vision the whole ambiance Here's a call from for Lauderdale. Huh? Hi there, Neil. Yes, sir. If the girl doesn't think I lose my cake That's a Reverend Jones again in it You're right. He is he needs to be a limit. He needs to be a you're right a kid 560 5060 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line by the way Dick Fiber said if you ever Sure you're ugly face to the track again He's gonna bring in Luca Brotsie and Fettridge to take care of you. Okay, schmuck in basil lunatic There's one thing you forgot to tell him though 10 your gay 560 5060 pound five 60 on the AT&T Verizon wireless line don't go on hold on the AT&T line for four hours List of the Marlin game because of my call a couple bucks. Oh no go ahead do that. Oh just go ahead and do it. Take it easy your money Here's a call from Danya. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? Great? I don't have anything to add to your poll, but I have a couple spy reports for you go right ahead Guess who's preaching on Trinity broadcasting when I was channel surfing the other night She'll just this chief justice more from the Alabama Supreme Court. Oh my god Yeah, yeah, and it was a fire fire and brimstone too Wait wait a minute, of course Schwarzenegger and McClint talk McClint talk appeared. It's at the late last night Schwarzenegger was involved in a lot of them I was wondering with the other candidates particularly area on a Huffington I rather excuse me Schwarzenegger was involved in oh I see I thought maybe a McClint talk was driving out representative I said the one who started this whole week all that fascist who put up all the money He's a endorsing Schwarzenegger big deal. Okay. Go ahead. I'm sorry. Oh, yeah, that was my first by Or justice more was doing a preach job on TBN and my second one was guess who's complaining about people as he would say the liberals Who are criticizing our president? Maybe rush? Oh, can you believe that? Isn't that the kettle coin the lid black? Yeah, but eight years could have signed and Bill Clinton And now let's see how many people do you say the cleanse murder? Yeah, yeah, and every day now It's like my friend tell me because I don't listen to him. I have some conservative friends They say he's lost all credibility because now he's turned into this person that The liberals find it patriotic to criticize our president. No, I'm just keeping mind Did you ever see him and Hermann get a garing together? They got a little mustache at both of them exactly have a great day People. Oh, Hermann guring did not have a mustache five six seven. Oh five sixty How many people in the our audience how many people in America think you could identify Hermann guring? To if he like with a the stormtrooper's not going to do it on right now how many people say oh my god Hermann how about some lunch you know I'm gonna have for lunch. I wasn't inspired by that the anchor bit That the battery of us got a real husband. I'm not gonna have got a real plus for lunch Although that's off serve plus time to go for dessert I'm sorry, but I'm thinking of yeah the pastram. I'm gonna have a Ruben sandwich because the pastram is per me very good Scott Don't you like a good Ruben sandwich? Yes, I do and I know right to where to get one to be What's the mass destruction I'll do that's where after the break. There aren't any our Rubens Corbito Yeah Well sometimes I don't know are they really Corbito or maybe sometimes I think both our tape out Salad that they're always handed you by a sour crowd who maybe really be a Dutchman I'll still believe to trust me when I tell you don't go to Amsterdam when there's only the Dutch people They're going there's a lot of tourists then you'll have a great time if it's only the Dutch They are sour they are nasty the old ones are just like a bunch of goose stepping Nazis and their cheap is hell man They are cheap Let me tell you about my landlord 19 till two at five sixty wqm if you're tired of that vault spot and of course This is part of the mystery of life what happens to guys who used to look so good and their hair starts going right the Othieuld rain and happens to just about all of us But Charles Alfieri that's why he's a gods in so to speak from Because for over 25 years now Charlie working with the famous and not so famous. It even slippers like most of you Get some people looking great because he's got the best looking the system in the world and actually her line system Not a ready looking thing that looks like an animal crawled up on your head and just is camping out Not holes in the head with a blood grip and down your forehead and everybody laughing their ass off Ih not dangerous pills that'll probably propiss you off But Charlie's got the natural hereline system that looks like real hair. It's grown out of your scalp And you have nothing lose but that shiny grotesque and burusing aging bald spot because everybody gets Charlie's 30 day guarantee You were the piece for 30 days if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells If you're not getting service at least 15 20 30 times a day just bring it back and you get your money back Call today take advantage of your $200 Our Neil Rogers discount just grabbing the balls to mention my name when you call Charles Alfieri toll free here's that number 1 800 321 24 13 They'll give your free consultation with the obligations Hit your ass down and show you how much better and younger they can make you look 1 800 321 24 13 or log on to his world famous website Charlesoffieery.com We're supposed to be a 5-6-1 UAM Speedway Herman take it from me. They don't come any better than Neil Rogers Are you fat when you sunbat at the beach does green peas try to push you back into the water did your IQ drop one point for each pound you lost on fan fan If you answered yes to any of these questions You need the 100% guaranteed diet system Flam flam our flam flam counselors will follow you around on your daily routine and when you attempt to eat anything fattening They will hawka louvi on your food That right chicken looks delicious Oh my god I think I'm gonna be sick Flam flam the weight loss system that really works Oh Pass on that Danish I think I'm gonna be sick When I do have room for my room in sandwich 146 at 5 16 Nobody come Georgia's under so much to dress and stress. He's actually vaccine Yeah, this is just emailing on boxing Yeah, just to make sure I don't know about that on flush pool. I was thinking maybe a better way of putting that and I'll let you judge turns in the tank Thanks for the memories Because I'm so full could mean I mean somebody could pee too and just I mean that's not a big deal huh leftover floaters I don't know I don't think it fits. I thought we're talking about something that a person can have going on that grows as you out That's what all this other stuff is. Well, let me let me read the question again. Okay. What's your biggest gross out? All right, I guess it's all included the turds in the tank. All right. I think that's a perfect answer. Don't you? Yeah Don't you think so Scott? He's answering the old turd in the tank is on the top How could we just never see me? Oh, yeah. Oh, they remember that picture the Jason and let me ask you this. Why does it always seem before he asked me about the picture? Why does it always seem that the people who do that are the ones who leave the most Road test on godly mess bin That's just like a little delicate. You know like maybe one floater right, but a horrendous gruesome bullful of mung Murphy's law. Is that it sure? Maybe Murphy done it so Irish turds 560 5060 pound five 60 I got into this story. I just have to No weapons have mass destruction been found in Iraq by the group looking for them according to a bush administration source who is spoken to the BBC This will be the conclusion of the Iraq survey groups in a report source totally present or BBC's television daily's politics show Andrew Neill Townings to be branded the story speculation about an unfinished draft of an interim report Mr. Neill said the draft report which the source said is due to be published next month concludes that it is highly unlikely that weapons of mass destruction were shipped out of the country to places like Syria before the Westland war and Iraq The bottom line is as Mr. Neill but the team has found no weapons of mass destruction It also says that Saddam Hussein mounted a huge program to deceive and hinder the work of UN and weapons inspectors Mr. Neill said that according to the source to report will say its inspectors not even on earth My new amounts of nuclear chemical or biological weapons material I've also not uncovered any laboratory is involved in deploying weapons of mass destruction and no delivery systems for the weapons What about those underground rail cars with the mobile laboratories in them? You know the part of the media landed the report would publish computer programs files pictures and paperwork Which it says shows that Saddam's regime was attempting to validate weapons of mass destruction program But he liked that. Okay So there are no weapons of mass destruction. There weren't any there aren't any he was thinking about it He was working on it. He was hoping for it, but they weren't any and that's why those people over there are dying and did die and are continuing to every single day unbelievable I still can't get over that thing about corporate has to permit See so in other words, there really aren't putting the thing on promoting our our campaign Oh, it's on there thinking about it. Yeah, they have to pass it by boophus over there boophus and boophus Just remember who is the administrator of all of the WQAM's web presence is and who's that? Oh, you know No, I don't sure you do Who's the camera got a clue the corporate computer mayven you're your dinner buddy? Oh Bob for move. Yeah. What's all the secret to do with it? He's everything in your near what is he after to with our goddamn website not our website their website Oh god, what an asshole Here's a call from Miami. Hello Neo yes sir Yeah back at you Smuck here's a call from Tampa, hello Neo, how you doing pretty good? Hey, I'm calling from Tampa, man. I had first start listening to you when you were on S. U.N. with Bob Lashitor oh, yeah I'm so so glad you're on the we can catch on stream and now I'll tell us up here all the time me too And one thing got to say when your gross outlist the turns of the tank was good by the way, but for me It's it's guys with the man teeth when I see it when I does the grosser when I'm going down a beach And you got some guy coming down. It looks like he should be wearing a double D It's disgusting. Yeah, you're right. That's a good point guys with gigantic teeth But I'm glad you're with say since he had a pair. Oh, he now. Yeah Go ahead. Oh, do you still have a you used to play a cuddle Time on here, but I know wouldn't be any good Miami because no one knows who last year is, but Bob Lacer disease that was great. Is that on your website? Do we have Bob Lacer disease George? I wouldn't know on the website. We have block. We have blob L I know we have Bob Lacer disease They want it if it's on the site. I'll go look for it. That was a great bet I mean, but no the most of people in Tampa Oh, George is playing it right now. Oh, it is It's a good play right after the break of George. Oh, I cut the graph. Have a great day. Thank you. Thank you guys What memories? That's a good guy from Tampa. There's a few people over there in Tampa real people Bob Lacer disease people are in a bunch of mugwums who are like in bread from downhill from Tennessee washed down the river they go whole of washi to Georgia There's some nice people in Tampa. In fact that we you know it started out pretty good there on S.U.N. That's something happened I think two things happen number one when when what's your name when the goddess? When she started doing that bull dichoting I think that was a little bit much they could handle one Fag on here. Well when she started doing that thing with the Laptances and all the other crabbin. That's a good Yeah, that didn't go over too well and then when Lacer started sandbag and I was that probably like was the last nail on our coffin If you can't find it So it started out with great promise remember that appearance we had at the mall and were like five thousand people showed up Hey, we love you guys And then they decided they hated a slight poison But if you don't like to show check back with a slight aroma might have something on you like 12 Remember all those great people that was hurt. What that was a Suzy short screw. It's wasn't that her name? That's right finally married her. She finally curled his little ass in and then there was Tom Velvita by with a geek. Yeah He was okay. He was a good guy Real geek for the good guy. Hey the 2003 New Rogers blowout sale continues to hell upon X.M.C.C. here I have to say blowout get the lowest prices in town from Tom Litton and Joe Pareto all of the folks at hell it The LDL number one save up to seven grand with the highest rebate to the your plus deep discounts All remaining 2003 models included the uCon and the envoy XL The LDL number two gets zero percent fine. Answer you for up to five years and you can lease a fully loaded 2004 grand pre G 2 for only 259 bucks a month for 36 months with 12,000 miles here and only 2500 bucks out of pocket at hell right now Tom and Joe invited a test drive any vehicle on the lot and get two tickets to the third day October second Miami Huracunes game against West Virginia hurry and supplies are limited and of course Halice also got a great selection certified pre owned cars process UVs credit problems are never problem and health They want to put you into a vehicle and make you a deal. It's the 2003 blowout sale going on right now at hell up potty X. G.M.C. and you'll find a bit one thirty four or one south fixie highway that's you. I just want to cross from the falls open every day seven days a week Somebody please provide a toner for Bob Eisenberg because he keeps facts me stuff that I can't read because his toner's run it out Any can afford it with his new hairpiece For more info on the deal deal hotline just call tool free one triple eight five three four forty two eleven One triple eight five three four forty two eleven open good all kneels subject to credit approval See our friends at hell afforded tailsets at hell at potty gmc They are professional great Pam Helen box was a normal man with a nice home a lovely family and a cushy job with his father-in-laws company Normal that is until just three weeks ago Hi honey how was your day? Some out of an esoteric Monday I feared we'll end up being button on the last one I see if I can't focus it in to the best of my ability Ellen boxes suffering from Bob Lasseter disease. Are you feeling alright Alan? Absolutely insane. I see things that nobody else needs to see Or at least cares to admit that they say Bob Lasseter disease attacks the central nervous system Cousin otherwise normal people to communicate like suicidal maniacs to help with you today I don't want to talk to you. What's more Bob Lasseter disease is the one form of depression Which is actually contagious God just listening that voice. I want to jump up a building you're the lowest of the lower your ass snake Your ass come back Please send whatever you can today to post office box one eight hundred Devon court I walk honey. It's Friday night. You know what that means Fetching and morning and screaming and hollering please help. Yeah, he did need help and he's a long gone He won't hear him no mall no Anyway, but we should have a lot of time here's the appell results so far your biggest gross our body odor 149 people A stink like crap telly rolls a fat 71 bad breath 67 and why is it else? There's another one people a bad breath always It'll want to get right in your face That T 39's it's 18 women with Harry pits 14 ugly feet 14 dirty push 13 bad wiggie 11 Harry people nine like Ron Jeremy turns in the tanks seven. That's moving up fast. It's a time and a ladder general ward six French Canadian six tattoo six