the I Packer to wrap it up thanks to Zack thanks to the beast thanks to all of you for tuning in calling in Neil Rogers coming up next is Neil there Hey, you doing Are we doing a crossover? I wanted to give me a chance to thank you for those simulating call-in's on it's a The riveting adult drama I was a great day for that was phenomenal. I was maybe the finest moments in the history of my career But we're working out a cure for insomnia here from 8 to 10. What's that Dave Vann Boring? Oh, I'm sure I shouldn't have said that because I put you on a spot. Yeah, you did say boosted all nine in all again The boosted their man. You weren't here man. Get rid of that guy. Where the how do they find him beside Montreal? What the heck's going on? What are you doing? What do you mean by that? What are you doing? Where are you been? I haven't seen you like two years I'm trying my best because you've got to work with that guys. Is there peace really worse than most Oh, do you or club in me? I hear he's got a hot wife. You are clubbing me why am I clubbing you? I'm giving you kudos man You give me kidos in fact I heard mad man I was said I'm Friday. He was at that where he was in the parent somewhere Right. He said his face turned pink when somebody asked him how is it working with Mohour David? He said he just sat there in his face turned pink Probably not as pink as it wasn't in the window in yesterday. Oh, man. Are we gonna hear lots of the nation of teeth and whining? You love it several day. You love it too, though. I did love it. It was great. It was a beautiful thing and very predictable Oh, you could hear the choking gagging sounds from J feet over the dolphins. You could just tear them all the way. I know where you were. Yeah, it was not a shocker. No, not at all because you know that's fever given his own up to his own resources every key game I'm not talking about your pedestrian game when you least expected but every key game when he was on a line fever You again a choking son Or unbelievable you did you don't know when it's gonna happen again, but usually at the worst possible moment in a guinea pig Nice going Jay. Wow. You got some poison. What you're cracking to escape even have poison I'm just telling what did I say that was untrue tell me one thing he says Dave and Bory lives up to his name And the fact that you ought to be doing all nine in his end of Marlin game. Oh, right. You're not going to New York. Oh, no, I'm not going to New York All right, did I tell you that when I called him late as he jumped and wrote job, he ain't leaving us not leaving. Didn't I tell you that when I called him when that when that a great appearance from the parade We were saying was kind of That was it and then you know, probably radio riveting It was almost as riveting as Dave and Boring and and oh don't get me going on this now leaving the know you're not leaving that promo and it's not even a promo that treat out spot We got for the Marlins that they got his call or what you do when he was sitting there when a Marlins on their final out when the world series You must have been ping in your pants just thinking what kind of a call is that I'm leaving. No, why don't you poke him once in a while Get a red hot poker in jab a little bit to get a little excitement going on his broadcast Can I go now you'll be pleased and all the Marlins were number two in Palm Beach in the summertime. I'm not that Huh, yeah, and you'll be pleased to know that the Elijah sure was a very strong number two in midday really. Yeah, they love you up there Afternoons were time for six and mornings were eighth, but that was the for out factor now that he's gone got only knows how low they can go Absolutely, all right now. All right now. Hey listen, I talk to the abug and thanks again for the memories. You got it You got it Oh my god I I Amy I Don't Oh I It was a beautiful thing in a snow and the wind and the cool it was a lovely thing. I'll be cursed down here Yeah Oh I think his mentality is perfect for the sports nerds because yeah, what were great talk our way we're going to the Panthers ago when to Stanley Cup the heat of going to money NBA championship Uh, dolphin certainly going to win a super bowl. There's no question about it And of course the Marlins had a send poor punch pack and let's take up a collection for Pudge. I'm so sick and tired of it. Makes my blood boil Why don't you go out and collect some money for Pudge? I'll be right back. So the Marlins don't have to send Pudge pack and his comments. Man, we'll get to that get to a lot of crap By the way, did you know that William H. Missy's going to be doing a nude scene? Is that the I saw the previews of this movie upcoming movie that he's doing a cool. Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, look where do you make it? Missy was more than little nervous about do a nude scenes with Costa Maria. Bella and his new movie to cool her was scared to death. Especially when she said to him you call that a penis. Now he said to the San Francisco Chronicle and interview published yesterday Missy was married to actress Felicity Hoffman. This two young daughters and was so good. He was so concerned. He insisted on meeting the bell. Before production began. He said how about those sexies and she said you call that a penis? Make Missy broke the ice and they got to get to the restaurant. I guess in a restaurant. Just kind of whipped it out so she's a pop out. Right. Enfield Missy plays Bernie or loser. How great. You're really is buddy. A loser heard by a casino to cool off hot or many tables. His bad luck changes when he gets to have a affair with a cock. Oh, he's a good guy. He's a great guy. Great on the marlins on the play by play. And you notice he just avoided and he hated. I know that he can't say anything. That's why so much fun just putting him on a hot seat. Let's go into a squirm. For booster anyway. We got the fat boy was in there earlier. And said a lot of amazing things. It's more than a couple of years. And he said this morning. Usually all he says is hi. And he said this morning a few other things. Most of them are worth one. But we had the ratings from the summer book in West Palm Beach. Look at that. We're number two. And we like it. WZZ RFM is number one in mid days and then 25. 54. But they got a 12 one. Share we got an eight six. That's right. George and yours truly. I just say that because they never give you no credit. Don't answer those phones. Josh, whatever you do. We're going screenless till the end of the year. Don't forget that. I don't know. We can do it because there got a lot of great calls going to come in. Like this one here on line three. Q. I am. See? I told you. Now let's summer could have pressed my luck. You know, just like that show. Look at the press my luck. And the morning QA was eighth for the three one. And that's six to ten. I'm so included for. Wow. For Rall, rest in peace. He's gone. So you know that number is not going to hold up. A mid day, a eight point six in men in Palm Beach County. Jesus Christ. Right. After the on-stime for six, the goddess had a six point two. She was tied for a second. Wow. In Palm Beach County. Again, WZZ RFM. What the hell is ZZR? They must. They're a giant donor. They got a 12 seven in a morning, a 12 one in mid day and a 15 point seven. She got to do it in Palm Beach. I got it so up. Maybe it's their ghetto music stage. And again, Wow. WKGR and the goddess, KGR is the gator, right? Right. And there were times for second with a six to 20. And the Humper in a mad dog, we're tied for six with a four to and at night the Marlins came in second in Palm Beach County with a six nine share. But again, ZZR at a 14 five. What is WZZR? Somebody please tell us they're a monster. And whatever they're doing, we better start doing it right now. Don't you think? Right there. They're a monster. They're in Palm Beach County. Of course they're on FM. Or here's line nine. They probably got the information. QAM. I told you. I told you. I told you line nine had the information. Make no mistake about it. Okay. Let me get we got too much stuff to do here today. We got to get all in mad dog is on it too. We got a pristine schedule day other than Joe who was on last night to in sports and NBC six crying in his beer. Oh, gee. We lost. It was embarrassing. Pretty embarrassing if he asked me getting shot out in the game of the season. The game that was a must win. The Patriots just, you know, they didn't have to win. It would have been nice. They cleanse the division. I was good. And what Kansas City losing the Patriotship there right on top of the AFC. I mean, I just mentioned that in passing with pretty boy Tom Brady. See you people out there that are all offended because there's a pretty more quarterback happens to be good. They don't have to be ugly with big ears like Jay Feele or guys who keep pulling down like. Trying greasy. 1483 votes on yesterday's pool. What should these do you most strongly disagree with the little about? There's some interesting things to analyze in there. You know it. Okay. And we will have to the break because we have some spots that they end. My favorite AE has the first one. That's what we'd all like to do to Todd Dread. Imagine a somatic imagine Todd Dread floating. Stark naked in the punchball. Add your holiday party with blood pouring from his mouth. All right. Stench of cow manure. Hover is over this. The quarter by the ball. What are you running for? You're running to be a senator in New York. Is it your ego? Yes, I think so. Are you from that? I don't think so. His time is over. Why not just go home? In a river you want your way. That's what true in a time trial is for. Call fire truck pasta. Well, don't miss you dead. To get a japan trim the bowl. The spot from those tree trunks you call a corp. Hover is over. I've got some bad news. You're going to be a real real. You are going to be a real real. Go back home after good wife should be in the kitchen. Baby you could be. Don't let the door is your best home. The way out you're going to be. Welcome. Baby you're going to be. Don't crave what you're going to be. 1018 at 560. Harry was on all the talk and head shows yesterday. Man, she was on everywhere except Fox. Nice going. You go girl. And she was pretty weak. I thought, well, not weak in terms of her performance was fine. It was what she said. That bothered me a lot. In other words, she's bright. Like we said before the show. She's brave. Bright. It's just that we can't stand her. Right. So that's going to be our first poll. It's going to be all about Hillary. I've got some good choices. But first here's the results of the weekend. Pool. Which it is you most strongly disagree with Neil about. 1486 votes. I don't disagree with much. He says 663 44.6%. How do you like that? I almost half the audience. Good job. Now we're fresh. We're to take this poll. I bet instead of 40. You're probably like 95%. Right. Whatever you say, right. In fact, those people are probably like pop in our oxies right now. Because whatever he says and does they want to do the same thing. Those are the two of the oxies. And if you ask them about it, they'd say, what? Because they can't hear you. Disagree with the Neil's taste and music. That seems to be the trigger and a wood pile, which a Christian noticed why a planning music on his show. No, and that's why I'm maybe a slow learner, but soon or later you catch on. They don't like my music because I'm an old fart. That's why it goes 283, 19% don't like the most strongly disagree with my taste and music. For which I make go apologies. I think I have great taste in music. Want to know why? Why? Because whatever I like, I like it. Yeah. It's like saying, oh, you have crappy taste and food. Well, I like it. I don't eat anything I don't like. I don't put anything in my mouth. I don't like it. If I don't like it, I spit it out. Really? Oh, yeah. His politics 178, 11.9%. Now, see, that's... It's interesting because generally when we do the bush pulls, there's like 17 to 18% that a pretty consistent, except that one about the 22% that got sucked in by that stunk turkey last week. Wow. That was pathetic. But it was that. So only, well, again, the question is, what are you most strongly disagree? So maybe we have some people who are kind of like bush lickers, but they only lick around the edges lightly. You know what I'm saying? Just a little... Yeah. His views on South Florida 140, 9.4%. I'll see that is really revealing. Those assholes will say, well, this is paradise. You know, the crowd sure is. But what the hell is paradise about it? It's a swamp land. It's a festering land of the malcontents and the misfits and people they degenerates. No, no, I take that back. We need more degenerates. Religion. This is the best news of all. Only 112 out of almost 1500 votes. 7.5%. This is the most of my views on religion. Because they know it's all a polycrap. Please, please use your brain. You know, I was watching like a Brian, I told you last night. And the thing about when they went to the stoning. Right. And they stopped and they picked up some rocks. They bought some rocks and stones on the way. These are the same people that used to stone. Of course, I say they used to. They're doing it in Saudi Arabia today. Sure. But nevertheless, the same barbaric assholes that used to stone people to death in public. Right. Of course they wrote the same crap that all of these people are arguing killing each other about today. They used to sacrifice animals. Oh, man. We're talking about the most primitive of the most ignorant people. Well, the good book says, well, who the hell wrote the book? You idiot, you asshole. If you aren't smart of them, they are. It's time for you to like crawl back into the cave. Craw onto your rock. A rock? And by the way, can we borrow it later for the stoning? Religion 112, 7.5%. Most strongly disagree about his tasted movies. That's good only 4.1%. 61%. 4%. I think I have excellent taste in movies. What do you like it or not? And I still love Magnolia. Oh, God, do I love it? I don't care what you say. Okay. I think you better wise up, Mr. Yeah. You've got a girl. At least you like Amy, man. Anyway, like her, like her, like her. Like her, like her. Probably not like Amy. You really like that much. Right? Not bad for bad. Oh, I better not play that thing. I don't like my taste in music. Well, that looks like I don't. And here comes the most interesting part of all. Just like that, it's far to the call on Friday. We said he didn't agree with anything. And I said, well, you like bush. I'd bushes at his ass, he sent it. So they just voted this to bust my balls a little bit. Which is good. There's nothing wrong with having your balls busted by long distance once in a while. I don't agree with anything. He says 49, 3.3%. Don't agree with anything. But they still listen. That's the only important part. Just like this collar aligns six Q.A.M. Hey. Yeah. Yes, sir. That's that two-feetler. Chicken with that muskrat loving fish. Ha ha ha. Absolutely. He's a little unhappy with you, Fieler, after that week performance yesterday. Choking like I said, it's so predictable. That's what's funny. I don't know why I'm by surprise. Every now and then it's the same pattern every season with him. He puts in a bogus performance against Dallas and they score 40 points. Oh, or talking super bowl all I crap. And then you know what a really big game when push comes to show. When he take away his it's a it's just it's pathetic. And then of course, that's safety there near the end of the game. That was almost sad. That was above and beyond the call of duty, you know. Watching him get just cremated there in the end zone. I was sad, Jay. And I think he's right. And you notice who are joined at the hip. The two of them are more Howard David. Absolutely. He's a lot of similarities there. Just be sorry to the lack of force. I think a lack of foresight. Oh, guess who else had a lack of foresight. Speaking of Jews that make bad mistakes. I give up. Clark's town New York mistake number one impersonating a police officer. mistake number two making a traffic stop. mistake number three stopping an off duty state trooper. Chalom Geldman 22 or more. You square New York made all three mistakes. Police said. Chalom Geldman. Geldman with a strobe light on his dashboard in his high beams flashing. Pull over a car wins the net on the Palacay's interstate parkway. Police said inside the car was trooper Shamus lions. Who arrested Geldman. This isn't the make believe this is not us. Shamus. Shamus. Oh, shame. It was clear to lines that Geldman wasn't the colleague of 30 said because of his license plate number an equipment he had in his car. Geldman was charged with reckless endangerment and criminal impersonation police said. And was cited for having authorized equipment in his car. A dark blue mercury grandmark key with tinted windows. Geldman was also ticketed for driving with our registration or insurance. He was released on $5,000 bail after being a random Clark stone just as court. What a silly ass. Bastard. Shamus and Shalom. Hey, Shalom Geldman. Hey, we here's the first poll today because she wasn't all the talking head shows. See, maybe we'll find out from some people because I know she'll do well in our poll. They are show is does and she had 43%. They did this and you know what really bugs me. It's one thing, you know they're going to do it. It's compulsory. They're going to have our honor shows and right away are you ruling absolutely ruling out that you're going to run. How many times can you ask if Tim Russell you sell the ass old god you paste the Irish pig. God is your pig. His wife is an idiot who would know a glory hole from her ass. Remember she wrote the book on Andrew Koonannan that was. Oh, that was her. Yeah. She had no idea what a glory hole was. What the hell is wrong with you anyway, honey? She's this Christ. You know where she spends all her time? I give up. You look at the glory hole. Yeah. I've Westland and JC pennies in the T-room. Here's poll number one today. What is it about Hillary Clinton that you dislike the most? Okay. We got six choices. I hate her. She's a bitch. She's an ice princess. She's too smug. She's a lightweight. Or I love Hillary. And I like her. She's no no no. She's a good boy. I see you don't like that last choice because you figure. You could say that about Iraq or third. I'm about a third in a punch bowl. But nevertheless, we got to have some good choices on here because there are people who. Maybe they don't like her all that much, but at least they figure she'd be a much better alternative than W. You could say that again, Lord of Mercedored probably would be too. What is it about Hillary Clinton that you dislike the most? I hate her. She's a bitch. I go to jail. Oh, I better vote. Yeah. And you're right. They love her. I don't know why, but they do. How do you know that? We're getting a little bit more voted. I'm voted yet. I'm not saying what I voted. She's an ice princess. She's too smug. She had just, I didn't like any of her. Her stuff yesterday at that. She was like much too easy on a whole thing with Iraq. And she's justifying her vote in the Senate, which was totally wrong. She's a lightweight. I love Hillary or our like her. But she's no G.W. Boy, should settle. 1027 at 560 W.C. A pressure packed Monday, man. You can smell it. Shelly Bloom's fashion clotheers have been doing it right for a long time. It's on foot of over 40 years in the same great location. And there's still going stronger than ever. You'll find shelly Bloom's at 26.50 Northwest Fifth Avenue. And the heart of the Miami Fish Fashioned Fish and District. At Shelly Bloom's, you'll find fine men's clothing. I'll do you guys a want to look sharp. From suits and sport coats, slacks and rest and sports shirts, ties. And one of the largest luxury designer shoes anywhere in town. Shelly's got a tight and slack super 120s and 15 colors. For only 60 bucks. It's kind of like a check out the gelato and roam. George, your money suits. The self from 13.95 to 50.95 are only 795 bucks. A chilly Bloom's fashion clotheers. Shelly even offers a fantastic selection. But that in suit starting is just 225 bucks a piece. Service selection price are what to keep Shelly Bloom in business for the past 40 years. And shelly guarantees that it'll never change. The selection is fantastic. Alterations always free and with 1000 suits and stock up to size 70 fat boy. You're almost guaranteed to find what you need in stock. So stop over spending at the malls. Stop getting ripped off and make the smart trip to Shelly Bloom's and heart of the fashion district open. Monday through Saturday 9.30 and a.m. 6pm. You want to compare a price? Whatever gives Shelly a call 305. 5.7350. 9.305. 5.7350. 9.00. Shelly Bloom's fashion clotheers no matter where you are. It's well worth the trip. 5.00. Local. This is 5.60. 3.00. Your. A.C.U.E.M. The boys with a Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority. Neel God. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Here. Here. Here. Here. There. There. We're looking. We're looking. You. Your her. You system. You. You. And your. What? Are you. I sign. You are. You. You too. Nothing. Nothing. Get up. We're all just enough. Well, stay home. We don't. Oh, fuck up. I'll take care of things. Take care of me, Miss. I'm a BTO player, man. Oh, fuck up. We're still here. We've come up in Seoul. He's the devastating eye of a storm. Your roots would be lit up. Go to the door. Can't you never have him into your soul? Change your mind running in an oil array. We don't believe that you're a Iggy band. We don't believe in bad telegraphs. In every block is storm. Take joy, L-A-L-A-L-A-L-I. Terrate. Terrate. F-34-50. F-60. I mentioned it as another dead American soldier. I had a drive by shooting in Mosul today that I mentioned. No, not on the air. Molder is. 65 votes. What is it about Hillary that you dislike the most? Is our first poll today? I hate her. She's a bitch. 21. I love her. Hillary. 18. Why are you saying that they love her so much when the leading she's a bitch? Because I love her is in second place. Well, I love her 18. I like her. She's no G-W-B-O-16. She's too smog six. She's an ice princess for. She's a lightweight nun. Nobody sells her short. Nobody says she's lightweight. But, so if you look at the positive against the negative, 34 love or like her and 31's got some problem with a bitch. I mean with her. See? Very polarizing. Either like her a lot or you can't stand a bitch. Hater. Hater. The spy is like in George. Larry fascists us about the Irish Catholic report on sex abuse that we talked about on the show on Friday and was on our website last week. Thanks a lot, Larry. Great and sunrise is I have great news. My country can't even fly to the space station but we're going back to the moon. In fact, even Halberstam might have some of this. I'm not going to play. It looks like the fanatic or conservatives finally spun a clock back to Camelot being a polio survivor. I'm expecting any day for somebody to shove me down saying, move it, can be just like a good old age. I'd have been truly impressed if I presented said what he should have said on 9 12 or 1 within 10 years on new vehicles sold in the US must use no fossil fuel, screw the Saudis in their oil. Would the same conviction is Kennedy did when he prouse we be on a moon within 10 years. Yeah, I say let's send the whole bunch of Nazis to the moon. What do you say? All right. They can operate the whole government by long distance sounds like a good idea to me. 60 minutes last night pissed me off. See all these politically correct answers. All you ugly people out there. I know ugly. I know what it's all about to be ugly. And if you're just too ugly to work for Abacrabian fish, two stink and bad. Now the most important segment on 60 minutes last night was the second one about the Carbola Iraq and they right after March after the shock and awe. And then of course in May when a president said oh, yes, all the wars over it's it's all done. The hostilities are over. So they went about their business and being a bunch of religious treats that they all are there. They did a good they had an election they elected their own leaders and they organized everything. They're at things going to city and southern Iraq and the US said, not so fast there with your democracy ideas and they overturned them. They put in charge the police chief who was a Baptist who was one of the uh, uh, henchmen under Sodom. They made him the police chief and not only did they overturn a result of the elections, but a couple of the guys who put in the one thing at the segment online, the 60 minutes. They said him off to a prison. Yeah, let's see. What's the one Steve Crock? He's the one did that report. And so he went to the prison. They interviewed this bitch to the American bitch who's in charge of the prison. And the Civil, what about so and so, I'll make the Mohammed and the Schwartz. What about this guy? And well, but if he put in the computer and sure enough, he's in there, but he's got no representation. They can't tell what the charges are and it's still working on it. He's been in there for two months. Why you ask him so many questions? Yeah, exactly. So this seems to be the whole aisle whole idea. All out of the bush right is that not just in Iraq, but in America as well. They're going to spirit you away and no attorney. Nobody knows where to hell you are. What you did, no charges and don't ask no questions. And then maybe somebody else you again or not is the case may be. Tom. But anyway, so the first story last night, I can't believe he didn't see it. No, I was a lot of smoke. It was about Abercrombian fish and believe me, their catalog is right with me. I guess I have only one question about them. And that is where do I find those people that they have on those catalogs? Good God Almighty. And then they showed the people in some of their stores. They have a crumbian bitch stores in the malls. And they look just as good as the people in them catalogs. I mean, holy, moly. Thank the Lord. He made people like that. So the crux of the story is they've been sued because there's always an attorney that'll sue somebody for some crap no matter where you are. And they've been sued by a bunch of mouth content who used to work for Abercrombian fish and then they discovered guess what they were ethnic and ugly. See, you can be ethnic. No, no, seriously, they got 13% ethics working for them, which is more than the population of the country. But they, which ought to be more than enough. And you'll see ethics in a catalogs. There's beautiful Asian people. There's beautiful light-complegged black people. Are there any beautiful dark-complegged that, oh, well, that's another story. But the fact that matter is they got plenty of minorities. But if you're ugly and ethnic or even ugly and non-ethnic, you're not going to work for them. I think they have a right. If they want to have beautiful people that look according to a certain play, like you said before, it's like if you have an Italian restaurant, somebody comes in and wants to sue you because you're not serving the chop sui. But we don't want to sell chop sui. It's not our bag, man. It's our bag. Go look in most bags. Absolutely. You'll find some sushi in there. This is a pudgerad regas man. He pisses me off more than I could tell you. Not that I care about the marlins because I don't. I'm not going to pretend. All the way in pissed off about they've been boring. You notice how Boogie evaded and avoided that? That was fun. I like doing that. That was great. Because he squirmed a lot. And he knows he ought to be doing the whole game in that they've end boring isn't abortion. And if you don't believe me, just listen, we got a whole bunch of mom sure again today. What do we got the next one coming up? I don't know. Wednesday next. Um, what is that called? Is it marketing architects? Is that what it is? Huh? I don't think so. Is that it? No, I don't know. Well, we're going to have an even see it on the log. The marlins, uh, I don't think it's what I'd say logged thing. Or it's not? No. But how could it not be a log thing? It goes on for about a half an hour. It's just what a minute. And it's just with that grotesque, uh, by Dave N. Boring is the marlins when the world championship. That that somebody ought to be in prison. For let that guy in a rack in Carmel, I'll let him out and put Dave N. Boring in here is what I say. Oh, right. You ought to get 10 to 20 just for a being so pathetic. Sid says, what about Hillary stick ankles? I don't know she had to gankles. Yeah. Oh, yeah. They're thick. Her ankles? Yeah, really thick. Can't. What about her nuts? What about her balls? They swing low. What about her thick? She's got a hairy pair. Anyway, I'll see how she's doing. She might not be doing as great as you were afraid. 113 votes just no matter moments. What is it about Hillary Clinton? You dislike the most. I hate her. She's a bitch 32. I love her 31. I like her. She's no G. W. W. 29. She's too smug 12. She's an ice princess. She's the lightweight three. So you take the positives? Is 61. So the negatives is 52. Pretty tight. Pretty tight. 1041 is 560 W. You're going to get it in hundreds and hundreds of very important calls today. It's just you just have the feeling today's the day we turn to corny. You know what? Don't you? Oh, I know. I do. Okay. Hey, welcome to ENF Tyrant Auto Repair. If any of you arrived, you'll show ENF Tyrant Auto Repair is at 583 North federal highway. Just a mile and a half north of Sample Road in prestigious Pompano Beach. At ENF Tyrant Auto Repair experienced a difference. His experience makes. All ENF mechanics are ASC certified technicians current with all latest technology and most of them with the ENF team for almost 20 years. Not quite. But almost 20 years. The ENF team is over 200 combined years of experience and no job is to bigger too small at ENF from a blown fuse to a blown engine from a 73 to out of to a 04 Bentley. ENF Tyrant Auto Repair does it all. All jobs are meticulously double checked accuracy by the shop foreman. And every car is cleaned upon completion of the work. ENF is most extended warranties and, while you will wait, service on most repairs as well. Let me sit again. While you wait, service on most repairs. You just sit on your ASCII to magazine and put a bing. It's all done. ENF Tyrant Auto Repair, there were 583 North federal highway in Pompano Beach, called 954-4-2-6-9926. That's 954-4-2-6-9926. Ask about their 90-day SIM is cash to interest credit card too. ENF Auto Intire repair nationally recognizes one of the most successful automotive repair facilities in the entire US of A. ENF their motto is nobody cares more and nobody will work harder to earn your business. Chelsea Victoria Clinton arrived three weeks early on February 27, 1980 at 11 24 pm. While I was recovering, Bill would put his foot on my throat, yank me by my hair and say, woman? Don't spoil her. I said okay. Chelsea was sold by her opium addicted father when she was eight years old. Chelsea looked at him and said, bad things about her daddy. That sealed the decision for Bill. I didn't know whether to laugh or cry. But even more frightening at the age of 15, Chelsea had come back to haunt us. She escaped and returned home. Only to be sold again to a horse. Who would want to do that to kids who had never done anything to them? Me, Hillary, Rodham, Clinton. Chelsea said, come on mom, don't do it. Oh yeah, right I said. Looking like a days fox or who had just been pummeled in the ring, she leans toward me and whispered in my ear. You bitch. 1046, five, six, D, W, Q, A, M. I hate her she's a bitch. She's got 38 and I love her. It's got 37. And I like her, she's no G, W, W, W, W, W. We got a good battle going on there in our first pool of the day. Better take a quick call. W, Q, A, M. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Any chance of hearing the management, we were going back and forth with yes, yes, yes, yes, number one. No, no, no. I told you we better take a quick call. It was pretty quick. No. Now, I actually, what I want, I probably should play it on every rejoin out of the, uh, after every break all day today. I already played a once, but it's just, it's such a classic. And the way he says, hey, stench of cow manure, huffers over this performance by the dolphin. Yeah, you can say that again. And there's nothing worse than a commoner in the snow and a wind like that man or man. Why are all the strains during that all of them, but most of them seem to have something to do with New York? I thought they had a Florida tie in. Unnaked semi right now they haven't gone a 40 yet. Unnaked semi-ri-sword, we'd only martial arts experts screaming, I'm God, I'm immortal. Hacked his wife to death yesterday in a blood-soaked Bronx rampage police. That isn't the daily news today. When the madman lunged at police, one cop fired 14 shots bringing down the suspect, but also hitting her partner twice. The cops' best stop, one bullet from hitting his chest, though another slug penetrated his knee. The wounded cop and suspect are in stable condition as well as more than 24-year-old Kishad Denton and wondered what caused her husband almost to be capidate his wife for one year. She's like the other half of my heart. She wasn't just my sister, and also Nicole 4th 27. Sister of suspect, Iver Forbes and unemployed computer technician, I loved her very much. Don't trust him computer druggeeks, we already learned that. The bloodshed erupted around 5am when Ivan Forbes 32 allegedly boochered his wife and their pellum parkway apartment using two ceremonial Japanese swords. The stocky martial arts black-altz swung so hard he bent one sword on her head, and also nearly sliced to her neck and cut off her left hand cop said, I noticed his wife was on a floor covered in bloods at a neighbor who went up to a first floor apartment at 2199. Howl did I have to have an noise walk him up. He was naked. Kind of like William H. Macy. She was still alive. She looked at me like she wanted help at the time I could not do nothing. Said the neighbor who didn't want his name used. At the time I could not do nothing. I was just terrified and afraid for her and afraid for my life too. The neighbor ran back to his apartment called 9-11. About 5-15 in the morning, two cops knocked on the door greeted by bloods stayed naked swordsman. I heard him screaming, I'm God, I'm immortal, I can't do that. That neighbor Lizzakuto. She then heard the cops hear him to surrender, get down, put your hands behind your back one of the cops yelled. But Forbes lunged to the cops, so one of the officers squeezed off 14 shots, hitting her partner twice and wounding Forbes multiple times. One of the cops hitting her partner twice. She needs to go back to the door. Oh man, luckily though he had the vest on. 83rd time of vest likely saved a cop's life is what it says here. Neighbors said Forbes and didn't seem to have any often responded smiling when walking together. Police had no prior domestic incident reports from the couple and Forbes had no criminal record. He apparently wasn't on drugs and I want to share what sparked his rage. A policeman said he would charge with seconded remover to criminal possession of a weapon. My brother was a wonderful person. Nicole Forbes said he just had some emotional problems that were still trying to sort out. Yeah, he just need, you know, instead of punishing the guy, they need to do a settlement and anger management course. I call it jobs. All the every time they like murder somebody or they beat up the crowd, rape some poor broader beat the crap out of the girlfriend or wife or both. They just need anger management. You'll hear that a lot on QAM by the way, as we continue making excuses for scumbags. I'll make no excuses for this scumbag though. The punch muster. And this isn't about sports. This is about greed. This is about absolute. I'm not. What is this wreaking with a fat ass? What does he want? You know what? Buddy. They're offering him 20 million for three years plus each year he gets the other three million from the eniamony was supposed to be the last year which they paid him three million. There's like three million in year going to carry over. So if you get in 10 million a year for next two years, oh, Gene is whining and belly aching. I tried my best to remain a marlin by now requesting a salary increase he said in a statement issued by his obnoxious agents, Steve Boros. Scott Boros, whatever his name is Scott. To my knowledge, I'm the only in fact, wasn't it Scott Boros that was on our radio station. Somebody was kissing his ass. I had to do this disgusting. It was nauseating heck. That was funny. To my knowledge, I'm the only major legal and recent times who won the World Series and received the postseason MVP award and it is put did not offer a salary raise. I mean, you've got to give credit to the marlin organization. They've signed Kesh Thiel. They signed what else his name like. Turnberry. Michael Old Turnberry. Although Michael Old's contract of course is contingent starting in November on have a new stadium deal made, but so it's like blackmail, but nevertheless, at least unlike Wayne, this crowd, they win a championship and they're trying to legitimately to keep the thing intact to be competitive so they can blackmail a city and get a new stadium and keep the thing going. But no, this uh, we can with a fat ass. Oh, gee, I'm wounded. I'm a hurt. How much does one we can with a fat ass name? You know, when you think 10 many years next to years might my cover his uh tortillas? When you think what in cover is ass? What wouldn't I definitely not cover his ass? He need about 20 murder not each cheek. You piss the off, Pudge, okay? Always was a Pudge fan. Always thought he was a pretty uh, outstanding human being. I shouldn't know when he was crossing them south through wherever he pitch. That should have been the tip off. You know what, when you do those wages nuts? Right. Cannot stand. These jocks are always either yesterday with the Kansas City again, they're getting just blown out by Denver. They're getting buried. And one of their uh, schvarts is on here. Makes some kind of a play and he's put into the sky and he's jumping. But I'm gonna get you a losing 45 to 27 per crisis. You're getting murdered. You're getting buried. And he's doing a Javasp. Point to the sky thing. Man, what is that crap anyway, huh? I'm getting a little pissed off about all this garbage. There are more important things in the world going on besides ball games. You never know what on this station. I'll tell you that. No. Because this station is all about uh, gluten crap. Sports. Right. Here's a good story for you. Well, we better take a call or two though, because otherwise they'll get antsy. Right. WQAM. Meal. Yes sir. That's place in Florida get a pif- Can barely hear you. Why these calls so loaded they Josh you can barely hear these going. Then what is it? What do you think uh, that's place in Florida get a pif- the pizza? To get a what? Pif- the pizza. I saw. Run. Woooo. Hmm. That was worth it. I tried to these are going to be good calls today. WQAM. See nobody there. So that takes you are those two calls. You think that these people will be foment at the mouth about the pudge band about sin and pudge back in. WQAM line one is working again. Thank the Lord. Hello. Okay. Oh yeah. I think it's time that we get behind our dolphins. I don't want here to a little stupid songs. Wains great. Howers wonderful. Jim Ball you're doing a great job. Yeah. And we're going to go for them. We're going to go for them. We're going all right. They're going right in the air. They're going for the bullets where they're going. You idiot. He said I was going to be a straight-up. I'm impressed. He's just trying to be a comedian. Sure. He is. He's just trying to be funny. He thinks he's a real comedian. Just like they want to be for him. You're real funny, pal. Not. Yeah. These guys, we ought to get behind me. About 100 yards behind him. Because otherwise the stench, a man dog said that stench of common or man, it'll just make your nostrils melt. This story will make you mad. In fact, you know what the heading is on us. It stinks to high heaven. How do you like that? For a second. Pentagon advisor Richard Pearl falls it over Boeing roll. Another crook. All you got is hooks right at the country. Running your lives. And this guy's sitting back right about the dolphins. You better grow up, Mr. I'll tell you that right now. People that are obsessed with ball games and hockey games and crap like that. They need to get a life. They are a man and bad age. That's a fourth penalty. Get out of here, foster your dead. Anyway, Pentagon advisor Richard Pearl came under fire Friday for failing to disclose financial ties to Boeing company, even while championing its bid for a controversial $20 billion plus defense contract. Don't you people understand what this is all about? Haliburton and Boeing and Bechtel. Don't you get it? Or when are you going to wake up and stiffen the goddamn depotals? You clowns, you fools, man. Like I said, they like rape. They like it and rape like moll. That's a loony. Just take your pants down, bend over and tell a government haste ticket in their man. It feels good. Good for him. And be sure and stick some steel wool in there first to I love the pain. Pearl co-wrote a guest column in a Wall Street Journal newspaper this summer, praising the plan to lease, then buy a hundred modified refueling of planes a year after Boeing committed to invest up to $20 million in tri-wream partners in New York venture capital fund, which Pearl is a principal member. If ever there were an argument that traditional business practices are ill-suited for defense transformation, the saga of the tank releasing proposal would count as people's exhibit a pearl in a colleague wrote in the journal on August 14. It stinks. The high heaven said keep ash down a taxpayers for common sense. A Washington-based federal budget watchdog group of Pearls faded as close as ties to Boeing in the peace and a Wall Street Journal. Mr. Pearls and Tedra was on views on the tankardial said Peter Flaherty, president of the National Legal and Policy Center government and corporate accountability watchdog. We think that the public is entitled to know that he has a relationship with Boeing, when he's expressing his views, Pearls' role adds to the ethical questions dogging the tankardial, placed on hold by the Pentagon this week for an audit of suspected contracting improprieties that contributed to the resignation last Monday of Boeing's chief executive. How do you like them apples? Last month, lawmakers voted to allow the lease of no more than $20 tankers in the purchase of up to 80, rather than an approach to what it cost $5 in dollars a more over time. Is a high profile assistant defense secretary and a former president Ronald Reagan, Pearl carries a lot of weight in Washington. Why are they credited with helping the lady political groundwork for the March Iraq attack? miserable nasty filthy crooked son of a bitch, him and all of these other right wing fascists that it thinks that of stolen control of the country. And you're sitting back there worried about his date, Peter. Gonna choke again next week. I got news for an X-Moddy that against the Eagles in the PPP Park. That should be like the Kisah death baby. That should be ugly as it gets. That should be ugly than me, which is that should be ugly that most asked. We just saying a lot. God. What am I getting all worked up about it's own on the straight? That remind me to pace myself here. Put in put in my pace maker right? Well, I've just moved right. I got a crank that baby up. And I noticed, of course, the moment I couldn't get back from snowbond the win but in time to be on here this morning. You have to wait for the alabies tomorrow. Well, they were lucky again. The butt about about it. They only scored the their office didn't score just three points at a whole get, but you know something, most three points would have won again. Ah. Ha ha ha. Three points would have won the game against the Enemies off-Finseless Miami Dolphins because they looked into the clock at the clock and the map and the calendar, whatever they found it up the rest. And they found it's December. And that, those same choking gagging, Gurdling sounds came down there. They've heard we'll tell you about them. The Gurdling man. I think he's the one that makes them. I see really on our station. 1057 at 560 WQM. It's the most wonderful time of the year. That's what Andy Williams used to sing when we liked Andy about a hundred years ago when he was about 50. But one of the things you hate. In fact, here's several of things you hate. The crowded malls, the heavy traffic, the long register lines, parking hassles, these aren't pleasant. So make your gift giving a lot easier this year for you and your loved ones. Give a gift certificate from dialometrist. And how to get it? All you do is make that one simple call. 1-800 mattress. Give the gift that they'll be thanking you for. You're in and you're out night in and night out. dialometrist. You hear that? All right. Oh, dialometrist has gift certificates in any denomination and a new bed for the master bedroom. Makes a perfect gift you'll both or maybe all three of you will enjoy for years to come. At dialometrist, no phony promises, no bait and switch does great discount prices every day. On a brand name, you know and love interest. Now, including stairs and foster you it. dialometrist has the guaranteed lowest prices anywhere in Stearns of an Anis Foster. When you call dialometrist at 1-800 mattress, you pick the day that time for delivery. You know how it goes. Any two hour window that's convenient for you when you want them to show up and they do from 8 in the morning till 10 in night like noon to 2-1-3-2 to 4, etc. Sleep on a mattress like I do from dialometrist and your back will feel the difference. On Ascels practices, fantastic, unbelievable everyday low prices and service. Same day delivery free set for normal. So it's easy to see while all these things have made dialometrist. Number one in the world in customer satisfaction. So do what we all do at 2-1. Get yourself a dialometrist in a great night's sleep. For years to come with just one simple call call 1-800 mattress, 1-800-MATTR-ES or online check them out at mattress.com. Happy Holidays from all your friends at dialometrist. The two-yearbrake- is going to be a real life star. She won't. Do you... Fil... Fuck you. Potiful... And when two of these days, here's a swine now. She was hanging with another man. But you just went home now. For a night that's key mask, and a pair of gloves and a back he went. But she was tipping her friend the way. And giving more than a 15% Where he'll choose good and take it. Start a slackening diet and don't you know? What's that B-A-A-Port? Before they fell, she made a touchdown. It all she could go. It's yet to not be. I'll about hotel. But the L-A-G-A, where he flagged all day, far below the legal procedure. With a knife, that's the prison yard penalty. Here's a red convict, John. That's what you get when you pack the waves. I don't hear the freeway. And again, when it brought him home, pressing something to his skull. Wishing he was dead. But it was a cell phone, no matter pistol, suicide by tumor. He beat his head. Where the finally got a mask. Now it's up to the jewelry. But he was jewelry. He beat his head. And now that he was dead, I'll say, they feel bad for all day. They will get it ain't all okay. Oh, the Hacked Wai! Yeah! Hacked the Wai bit. Hmm. I can't find me, no cheese so black. I don't know her. I can't find her. Yeah, we all know. It's 11.05 at 5.60. WQM happy Monday too. So anyway, that's an honor of our Samu Rai Warrior in New York. Maybe he was listening to Hacked the Wai. I think that inspiration could be. Hey, here's a greplist. Before we do that, the pull result to a grenade votes. What is it about? He'll be clinging this like the most of what did I say? She's extraordinarily polarizing. Kind of like the bushmeister. You either like her a lot or you a hater. I like her. She's no G.W. to bush 56. I love Hillary 52. I hater she's a bitch 50. She's too smug 22. She's an ice princess 16. She's a lightweight 12. So the positives are one way. And the negatives are 100. See that? Hmm. I mean, you can't get too much closer than that. No. One way to 100. And anyway, here's the fact that say, did you hear about the local loser of it? Concerning the high-zanger clan member. Yes, I did. Oh, got her right here. See how my top of this crap man. Don't assume just because the mother's cuts for the reality. By the way, for Paul Castard over to Toronto Weather Report, we didn't get any snow any of that crap. Neither did buffalo. I'd be like that or rotten chester. It all kind of like swept through Pennsylvania and then up that northeast encoder. Jersey, Philly, New York, Boston, all in New England. Anyway, it's already sites beautiful. Sunny day and it's already up to minus two. Twenty eight. What's not to like, right? The moral, sunny and 40. Here's the one to be poured for a castron over. Fort Lauderdale Police arrested Robert Ray Heizinger. Son of Miami Dolphins owner Wayne Heizinger, Friday night. He must add a psychic premonition to Dolphins. We're going to tank it yesterday in New England. In that 12 month in loss, and he was in the take. Friday night on a DIY charge after his sport utility vehicle struck up a desk in a police official said, Uh oh. Woo. Not good. Heizinger 41 was turning left. On the loss oldest Boulevard from southeast 13th street about 7 p.m. Friday night. When he struck a 71 year old man. Oh, he was trying to cross loss oldest Boulevard for Lauderdale Police Detective Clinton Ward said, under he's akin to Bert Ward. Or maybe Ward Cleaver. The unidentified man was taken to Browgeneral Medical Center with a serious head injury and a possible broken leg. Offersers put Heizinger for Lauderdale 3 fields. A variety test at the scene and at a BSOs of office holding station. Ward said Heizinger was handcuffed to the scene and later charged with D U I. Friday marks the second time Heizinger has been charged with drug and driving in 1995. The BS. Oh. Arrested Heizinger on the UI charges. I could show you how to do a plea agreement in 6 months. Heizinger and Abbott Sports Fisherman is Vice President of Heizpinga Holdings Inc. Which his father cheers. Heizinger's brother H.W. Heizinger Jr. Oh my god. Jr. don't you love all those young boys? Huh? What I was trying to say was. Grab my junior honey. Is a president of the company which owns a variety of businesses involved in sports car sales including your anxious mommy dolphin who's stunted you and not known yesterday. A performance so degrading and embarrassing. How is Morgan and talk his way out of that? Let me say again. You can't talk your way into winning a sporting event. Oh sure you can. No you can't. Watch them. Oh well they pray for it. And see just because you talk at a big inventory and voice like everything you say like you're the authority from God. You know, everything you say is like the MS. That make it happen, baby. Don't make it happen sweetheart. Just like when you dropped a bomb. It was a dud. It was a dud. It had like a little fizzle on it and then peated right out. Speaking of peated right out molesting priest beaten to death. It seemed to be a rash to these you know. Let's hope. What do we say about molesting priest to our beaten to death beside? Oh right. Lexington Kentucky. Home of the Red Mile. A retired Roman Catholic priest who admitted molesting three alter boys in 1995 was found beaten to death as his home police said Saturday. Joseph Pilgrimage 70 was found dead in the home Friday night and autopsy Saturday found the cause of death to be multiple blunt force injuries according to the Fayette County Corner. The death is being investigated as a homocyte. Pilgrimage went until the last month when it listened. Pilgrimage lived alone until the last month when a young man began staying with him said his neighbor Karen Owens. Owens said Pilgrimage car which evicted his homerlion that he was missing Friday night. Huh. Pilgrimage community this was a 1995 reviews and three alter boys in 1969 when he was their passenger in Morgan Field western Kentucky he was sentenced to five years probation beginning in January of 1995. Earlier this year Pilgrimage was named in a sex abuse lawsuit against the diases of Lexington and Kavitan. about it now is he probably not his mom and yeah we got a whole bunch which is a great lead into our second poll that we're gonna start it noon about the religion thing and you'll notice only seven months it like seven and a half percent right disagree with me most on religion that was right or which I say that's great maybe we only have the heathens listening to show which is good we don't have to be like overburden what I was born again what all in must snake those serpent twisters whatever in hell they are we for eaters the god squad the rosary bead manipulator ever yeah they're rubbing it boys there anybody know what that that'd be a good poll question who's hornier born again christian's your Catholics Mormons no seriously because I think born again christians lie about it more Catholics they're horny but at least they admit it then they go confess it right born again christians they got nobody to confess to so they just lie about it oh we would never do anything like that well and it got their fingers crossed in her legs crossed and their eyes crossed and what is that thing about religious freaks who got the I've talked about this many times but it's just strange it's like people in cults which is what they are and they get those raccoon eyes you know the deep set eyes with the black rings around you know I mean the uh... it grew at blissful look no you know what I'm talking about like they've been like they've been brainwashed like they've been sitting in a chair for hours and days and weeks on and being indoctrinated which they have right when you're bringing sucked out of your head your eyes sink in there they're bringing with sucked out yeah all we're talking about born again christians again thought you were talking about Catholics either what is it about hell recreatment that you dislike the most 230 votes i like her she's no gwb 64 i love hell rate 57 i hate her she's a bitch 51 she's too smug 26 she's an ice princess 19 she's a lightweight 13 so you got a hundred uh... let's see hundred and twenty one the positives and a hundred nineteen wow that is as close to fifty fifty as you can get i realize we do have more negative category but what else are we gonna say should we just say she's okay that's not the question that we sponsored and of course i i created the question what i could have said what is it like about her the most say light is it the fact that she's got them thick ankles it's right ankles now where do we find out about that is you got to cancels a Josh brought it up but uh but this is a fact because she certainly has no breast that's for damn sure no and she certainly is about as sexy as the fruit fly which is why bubble was screwing around all the years and i say more power to him you go Baba you don't remember that video and then walking on the beach uh bill and Hillary there oh pasty and caught my god the bofaba she makes Chelsea look good wow in fact i dolphin performance yesterday made Chelsea look a little pile that's wow 12 minutes after eleven at five sixty just like that thing you remember the lever in the life of Brian yes and as he was the tiptoeing away he tiptoed and just missed a big pile of a donkey manure was a view you had to watch see the mighty python movies you've had to watch real close up and you otherwise you miss something that's why you have to see them twenty or thirty times you talk about attention to detail even the beginning where usually you would press play to get the movie started you don't do it because there's all the stuff going on and you just sit there watch all of the crappy for you actually watch the movie hey speaking of craft there are a lot of people out there eating craft for the holidays but if you want to stay on your aunt can's died here's a story you all kinds of tasty treats without packing a pound zone and god forbid start packing it again but let's head and punch pack and what do you say i bet he's been packing a lot but at that as you know it can you just see him gorging just shovel on down and tortillas and bean burritos oh my god how'd you like to beat down wind from him when he cuts a fat one to punch myster nothing can anyway a visit to delight so west bookable turn you on a thousands of great items that are low carbs sugar free all of these things help you stay on a straight narrow path they got vehicles and breads in cheesecakes and brownies muffins chocolates pasta sauces cheese and dips soups ketchup carbolite ice cream and lots more including apple cinnamon granola by carb since crunchy pretzels by carb since two of them slowly and carefully now they got individual sized cheesecakes and foreflavors control carb brownies and seven flavors that's the most popular item they are delicious they got just top at an L.A. cream's less than one carb per drink I'd you like that champion like drinks are back in five delicious flavors simply low carb bread with steve and uniquely delicious taste and la nuba jams and seven gourmet flavors so you can jam on it to your hearts delight and at the lights of west book at a great part of the elis you can try anything the story before you shall out any cash and buy it and they have the eckens products on sale today next sockets christmas day each to Sunday every day seven days a week in fact they're open every day from ten to ten they're on the northeast corner of glazed in 441 right next to Boston market called elites toll free at one eight seven seven low carb L.O.W.C.A.R.B. because no matter where you are it's worth the trip to stock up on all good stuff or find them on a web at lowcarb.com the elisOS book it's your official atkins retail center watch your step doctor Bob my and local sports video five 60s you a m burglider sports radio for six oh I don't know what it is about on that whiny little voices or their fake noses goofy hops tiny little meckles I'm a they just this rubbed me the wrong way Hillary hates to spewing hatred through the house Boston people's months of all since the news Hillary hates to you won't catch her like the mornara got you must have a wonderful aura one cheese pizza one a christie could use a good rap I get in the news oh Hillary hates to 264 voices of an hour since Eric put it up on the poll too he stuck his poll up on here what is it about how we're putting that you dislike the most I like her she's no gwbosh thank you as well our 75 he's got the are you watching this I was got people sitting behind him are too old 11 cemetery fillers didn't even let these people live in my mother's condo complex they're so old he's a kind of a medicare rip off I mean the beginning of the medicare bill the screw you in a back uh told you old fogey bill from medicare uh 264 votes I like her she's no gwbosh 75 I love Hillary 63 keep this number in mind okay that's 138 I hate her she's a bitch 59 she's too smug 32 she's an ice prince's 22 she's a lightweight 13 so what did I say 138 to 126 she's got a little a little tiny edge she's got an edge door 56705 60 waitin for these calls to start pouring in here about all sorts of things that you're all whipped up about it would seem to me when you think on this Monday oh yeah this is my new format and I finally this I finally after all the tinkering and tinkering after Greg Reid screwed us up with that nine to one crap which really set us back and we're still trying to recover from that and that of course with that horrendous lead in and then we had the temporary reprieve for a few months until what's the name got fired for real but we're like you know we're constantly trying to like read tool and read through our grant tinker and figure out just exactly what it is I want to do because you know I still like my bedtime stories but we got to winters for some of these great calls like this one online one QAM I can't be speaking you know I hope you have a good day I'm gonna great day just recently all the radio stations down here on the FM band which is to this I don't know new technology to be where they broadcast the name of the artist and the title of the song the only station not doing it is power and music well screw them man you got that right well no I think the reason they do that is they don't want you to know the crap that they're playing because if they tell the kids what they're playing they'll say oh my god they're playing that crap you know take it easy buddy thanks a lot pali power 96 there's a guy taking a cheap shot of a good friend could carry oh my god what I just did you wouldn't believe I can't tell you you can't tell you all right you spilled you spilled you spilled no no no okay something really gross you blew it I'll tell you before huh you blew a booger on your papers no you much much worse I'll tell you tomorrow we've got a sure reminding okay let's tell you don't tell us on here no it's it's just oh god I can't believe I did that WQIM yeah every day yeah that's a great thing I'm a new improved QIM I just want to call up and just you know kind of spread my opinion about something here because I'm a school teacher here in Broward County right I'm taking today off because we just moved so I know I a little issue with you I don't know if you've ever heard about the superintendent for Broward County for the school the one that gave himself a 20% raise right well he gave himself a 20% raise and he's over 300 thousand dollars a dollar in the school teachers out here are starting in like 32 thousand dollars a year and we're just fighting my crazy to get a 5% raise and they rejected it and I just kind of wanted to voice my opinion over there that I think that really sting it sucks well have a great day and maybe I can be a football player like Jay Sealer and so if you want to go over and help punch pack is he's leaving tell me maybe give you like about 20 25 thousand dollar tip and I want to give you a new makeup partner though you're like Bally I'm a great thing you too well there's a school teacher and you know something we can argue from now until the end of time America doesn't respect school teachers it's a professional to look down upon and that's because Americans value stupidity that's why Arnold is Governor of California that's why people admire people who are like he literally like sliced alone that's why the dummy you are the bigger progress you made a bigger super stupid star like most of these jobs who couldn't even make an expedited guy damn line to sign on the contract for all these millions of minutes you know see I don't want to get into this whole thing because I know that it's a I'm Spartan and a win storm especially on this radio station but air v-year it's the same well you know the players realize and their agents realize they can only push this so far they pushed it so far air be time to turn around here's another bunch of overpaid jocks guys who shower together and slap each other and he asks for the towel at the workplace these are guys are getting paid millions and minutes it's still never have enough so we have a strike every time you turn around there's not going to be any hockey season by the way in the NHL next year for anybody for at least the whole season then maybe mole and speaking that what a segue thank you sir for being a good school teacher okay not respectful teachers because if without them look how done the public really would be you know right just imagine if we've paid some real money to get the you know teachers really make it a motivating factor for people to want to be school teachers okay plus plus the environment in the classroom today what kind of a uh many act wants to be a school teacher today right when I had my dinner with my old foe friends you're the other my little personal reunion with two my friends from high school two nights ago and we talked about that I mean you don't want to sound like it all far but it's true you're not an old fart yet you're getting close but the fact of the matter is the kind of stuff that goes on routinely in schools right now nobody ever heard of when we went to school right it was on heard of right right so so why why how is this going on oh well we don't want to pay the school teachers because they go to highlight in the summer time right that's that's brilliant that's great enough to make you want to gag 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless lines what do you think are we gonna send Pudge Packin oh oh I started to say the thing about the Panthers I knew Sam I'm getting too wound up the Panthers you're a bunch of liars by the way the Panther organization there's some very nice people who work there I thanked him for everything they've done for me they probably won't talk to me anymore but you're a bunch of phony phony baloney liars and you people in the NHL you can keep pretend there's 80 million when the Leafs shut out Boston last week 6-0 and that night the AT&T and 10 it was an after 13 thousand some odd which still means thousands of unsold tickets they said the place was half full which means about 8-9 thousand people at the fleet and I'm a center and the same thing at the macarina but I'll tell you how desperate they are to put out a dog and pony sure with the Panthers to pretend we have hockey fans in South Florida Gary Betman the commissioner who's horrendous a nightmare a man who's destroying the sport uh Gary Betman is coming to time for one of the games and maybe the Boston game wins day and so all of us season ticket orders including yours truly we can email from the organization and I'll see you in that hey all you you can get four free tickets for that game because we want to put on a good show for Gary Betman and make it look like there's a lot of people supporting the Panthers are you following that no yeah so if they have 3000 season ticket orders and they're gonna give away four free tickets for each that's 12 thousand so 12 plus three is 15 thousand right there assuming those people with showports they won't but talk about I mean you can see you had 50 thousand people there sitting each other's lats and we can see what our eyes you're not full and Gary Betman ready buddy else everybody knows this the the attendance numbers are bogus you pick about about how to make it look good god I'm just too worked up for a Monday and I have to take several weeks off okay okay well 26 past 11 at five 60 what do you say okay sure no problem you deserve to take a few months off screw these guys these goiim over there sitting in the three with her bandjows over there in Naples but in those pickers it's that time of the year again everybody is stopping by your home for the holidays I'm sure it started already it's not too late to call dry concepts and read your carpets of the germs and schmutz that are deep inside take care of those carpets clean and fast clean it right by calling dry concepts like I've been doing for over 20 years in my house dry concepts is hands down your pants the leader when it comes to protecting keeping your carpet colors vibrant sparkling clean leaving your carpets smell and lemon fresh after the touch and they're drying a couple of hours you're ready to rock and roll and party again and don't forget dry concepts is the only company in a world of dry cleans your carpets same idea is dry cleaning your clothing and believe me it works call that ask and to put under do you understand viola seven extra 15 percent off the already reasonable price of the job and please keep in mind dry concepts always gives you a written guaranteed price upfront before they start to work no band surprises at the end of the job you have enough to worry about during the holidays so leave your carpets to dry concepts column right now one eight hundred two four eight five oh seven one or certainly when holidays are over that'll be the time to have them come in and make your carpets look new again after your guest trample them up in really your schmutz up the house call one eight hundred two four eight five oh seven one or check them out on the web at dryconcifs.com the com She did a vanity, you're not gonna feed it with your health. I know she came with. So both her Hillary Hillary Clinton, Scott Gutz, can't bother man, but she can't do it. No one can, she's long, and a lawyer to just think of all the laws. She'll push through, get out that ballot right in. For Hillary Hillary Clinton, her baby's a doctor is back through. But he ain't the nothing that push has to try to do. Hillary can't date the final TV, but not have to find out Hillary, but early put off in. Hillary Hillary Hillary Clinton, she's a great political wise, and history who act on their husband's just like Hillary, amel the media patch up. And he's a for-home, the next Hillary Clinton, they're all out shown. But early put off in. For Hillary Hillary Hillary Clinton, she's a child, L-A-R-Y, Hillary Hillary, she's our guy, a great state of our good, so she looks like she got off. Instead of building law, that's totally cool by me. So look for Hillary Hillary, Hillary Clinton, can you, Jane, we know what's going to do that. By the way, the piece of copy we're gonna send me, you never did, that's coming up in the next break. Anyway, a bigger pardon. Don't you remember I told you I lost the piece of copy before the show. I was, I was, getting, getting everything organized in my organization. See, I'll tell you what I did before. I'm not gonna tell you exactly about give you a clue. You know, when you're doing a show in your underwear, it's easy to do a mole. Absolutely. You know what I mean? Oh, oh, yeah. Oh no. Ha ha ha ha. And start, well, let me just say this, if you were to come in old sticky finger right now, but at least not now before the break. See what I'm saying? That's why I want to get to graphic. Well, it's pretty embarrassing, man. That'll teach me to be a little bit more an accepted. And morning we've got to come in here to do a high rated radio show is to be a lot more an accepting at any rate. 300, 230. That's a blue. You can relate the old Dingo Barry Meister. 210, what is it about Hillary Clinton that you dislike the most? I like her. She's no G.W.D. 92. Part of our efforts. I hate her. She's a bitch 71. I love Hillary 67. She's too smug 41. She's an ice princess 28. She's a lightweight 14. And she ain't never going to work for Abercrombie in Bitchie. Be sure that unless she plays the bitch part. So let's see. 92. And 67 is 159. Right? Okay. Which leaves 154. Wow. Wow. Wow. 159. Yay. And what 54. 225. As they see a needle on his knee. Now this little bit. Well, this isn't really an o. But it's just a guy quitting and this is pretty emotional. I forgot it's just retiring to write kids books. I thought it put it. What does it mention died? You thought what? No. He didn't do that. Oh. Oh. Thank God. No, it says he plans to write Children's books. This is Charlie Fould. He's stepping down December 15 after 46 years of channel 7, channel 7 WSV and your hysterical hyperventilating station. I thought it was a way of revenge. Sanchez was not on that stage. Nizzi on six. You can't complain about Ricky Tickie's Sanchez's ratings. He don't have any. He barely makes a little in the Richter scale. So the word is according to Jika. I think it was, oh, what are going to try to goose up to show it? Make it more like Jerry Springer or more like this. But just get rid of him. Okay, just dump him. It's a lost cause. Put him back on the news. Do something. Move out that silly Tony Siger Redo. God almighty. Anyway, so Charlie Fools. It says, um, I don't know. He was Toby the robot. Yeah, bumping vampire countdown the shot press the digitator. Mr. Magic, Duffo to clown and several others. He was all of these people. Mm-hmm. It says not to run things for generations of South Otakiz who grew up thinking Toby, the county, all the others were separate individuals. But they were all played by the same guy. WSV and community relations director Charlie Fools will not see stepping down December 15 after 46 years at Channel 7. You go boy, nice going Charlie. Whoever you are. I don't know who you do know who he is. Yeah, I do. I grew up that here. Remember? No, no, by me, you know who he is like. No, that's not the spot. See, you've got the Emerald Coast. I'm talking about the Gold Coast. I know the Emerald Coast. You've got the wrong coast. Man, you're on the left coast. I'm on the North Coast. You're on the left coast. Jesus, God Almighty. We've been talking about this for four hours. But I thought you found hours. So, that's me a piece of copy that I must have eaten or something in the mountain of hysteria. Maybe I wiped with it. I found the Emerald Coast. I didn't find the Gold Coast and since we love their food so much and since you've got freebies from there and we let such a great place. I don't want to screw that up. Do we know? No. Anyway, fold 65 pants to write children's books and ambition honed during his quarter century in costume as co-host of RSWSB and Kenny shows. I was wanted to be a writer. He said, I even tried to get a job at the Hill when I was 11. But somehow I ended up in television. Don't ask me why. Hey Charlie, we have one question for you. Why? As community relations directories have been the public face of WSB and a host of events like the Winterfest boat parade has listened to thousands of complaints about programming and has perished countless cranky questions from reporters about which anchor was secretly checking into drug rehab. Well, I'd like to find out the answers to that. He can, in fact, maybe he even knew a few things about Miss Kamal. He can say, we don't come at on station personnel backward and in several languages in his sleep. Full to grew up in Viral Beach, started at WSVN, then known as WCKT in 1958, editing movies to remove the hells and dance from the soundtracks and cutting them to make room for commercials. You vote Charlie and I's going whoever to hell you are. Right? He's no Wayne Chandler. I thought Wayne Chandler was some of them people. I was a little bit older than the one I was looking at. I thought Wayne Chandler was someone who was character as a way to host the Sunday funny's with Toby the robot. I see. WQAM. You mentioned what sort of a bitch? Bastard. WQAM. Yeah, but he's talking about Charlie Baxter, isn't he? No, Charlie Fools. There's a different guy. Different guy. It's not empty. It's not empty. It's not. Charlie Baxter was empty. Graves. Different guy. Different guy. Graves. Okay. I mean. Can we get anything right on his show? No, no, no, no, no. What is it? Well, no, that wasn't right. It was really okay. Whatever you say. God. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 6, the only 18 and 10 Verizon Wireless Long. Glad to see the audience seems to be in a fairly good mood to the inside of that grow test dolphin laws, just a bit embarrassing humiliation, which is very predictable into women, the snow and the cold. And of course, all the other stuff going on. All of these things. WQAM. You're pleased. Speaking. You know, how are you? I'm great. How are you? Okay. Actually, I just got in the couch. I have no idea what you're talking about, but I have to tell George something. Well, Joe, I hadn't tell him next time you talked to him. WQAM. Hello. Hello, hello. How are you? Pretty good. Hey. Welcome back to Toronto. Even though I'm called from Miami. I've heard a question. Who wants the guy who played the white Ferran on WCIX? The white Ferran? No. The white Ferran? Like Ferran's, Ferran's, Bon Racky, and it was a local guy. He drove around in one of these little white, uh, kick cars. And he had a local show. Kind of like empty cranks, but it was a younger, a skidier guy. We don't know. Somebody will call that and tell you. You've got to know, Neil. You put down here on the wrongest place. I don't even know who the white Ferran was. I never heard the white Ferran. I heard the red, and Snoopy. I don't know who the white Ferran is. I'll sing you a little jingle if you want. Go ahead. Look out. It's the white Ferran. Trust in white some grubs to boot. But he never gets a spot on his pretty white suit. Uh, you're a little bit. Oh, yeah. I don't know. What's somebody will call in. We'll find out. There's a question to the day. Who the hell was the white Ferran? I still don't have that copy. No. Sorry not at all. No. I don't know how. I don't think it's being sent out there. Just return the money a little bit later. We're a parking at down. I don't know which one is. And that's? Okay. Do you have any yer around friend in one of the building? When he couldn't access the cabby Neil. He didn't mean to leave the museum. Really? the other spot, I'll move it around with the next spot. Yeah, shuffle it. To give us some time, we'll shuffle it out. Oh, I just got through doing this spot because what's your name back there? The water not see. How is Katrina doing? I haven't spoken to her today. Oh, because she had lost nine pounds of balance in her life. I sure hope she's staying on a straight narrower path. Yes. I was up to 10 and a half. I beg your pardon. It was up to 10 and a half pounds. She, she spoke to Joshua, it was up. Now is that like in past tensors that like an update? I mean, that was last week. So, I mean, 10 and a half pounds. I score Katrina. You're wrong, girl. Even though your mom's really a pain in the ass and your mom makes a log. Your mom makes a log like, oh my god, like my little dog, you have wild diarrhea in the living room. Anyway, let me just tell you about our good friends at Dalam Actress. Now's a good idea for you. Make your gift giving a little easier without facing all the traffic in his stereo out there. Just give a gift certificate from Dalam Actress. Call him now. 1-800 mattress and give the gift. I'll be thinking you for a year and a year out. Dalam Actress has got gift certificates in any denomination you want. Jewish, Goyish, Men and Iats, whatever. And a new bed for the master bedroom makes a perfect gift. You're both in joy for years. No phony promises. No bait and switch. Just unbeatable discount prices every day in a brand name. You know what love now, even including Stearns and Foster. You what? Dalam Actress has got the lowest guaranteed prices on Stearns, Vanessa Foster anywhere. When you call Dalam Actress tool free, you know how to deal works. 1-800 mattress. 1-Easy call. You tell them what you want them to show up and they do. Any two are one of those convenient for you when you're going to be home. From 8 in the morning till 10 at night and guess what? They'll be there. On a sales practices, fantastic service. Every day low prices same day delivery. Free setup and removal. I'll make it easy to see why Dalam Actress is ranked the best in the world in customer satisfaction. So for service like you only dream about like you really couldn't believe they really show up. They do. Call Dalam Actress tool free. Just like I've been doing for years. Call 1-800 mattress. 1-800-MATTR-ES or online mattress.com. Happy holidays from our dear friends at Dalam Actress. Happy holidays. Happy holidays. Happy holidays. Happy holidays. Happy holidays. 1047 at 5.60. WQM. So anyway the rear portion of CNN is hyperventilating about this is over to the end of the world. The rear portion of the old uptown theater on Balmoodo street near Youngen Blurin, Toronto, collapsed at 10.30 this morning. They've emailed them to us and we're just in the process of downloading them. I've had access to the Eurium State process. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. This is, I'm just going to run out of the way here. I don't know where my camera has gone right now. We're going to wait until we go. This is another one of the heavy urban search and rescue vehicles. David, demolition crews are inside the shuttered building when a wall gave way crashing into adjacent buildings including your private school, several people are trapped inside the rubble according to emergency services in our hyperventilating. Ready for that? Let's see it then. Going this way, these while they were a minute ago, but I figured I've put on city pulse since it's a little more local in our debate as opposed to CNN, which don't know how to find Toronto, want to go to a map stuff like that. So book now. What? Now comes an amazing thing. And see, I told you we'd find a copy. You can all pankey for nobody's move on. Just be calm like me, okay? Hillary suffers the I saw this facts. I thought, right. We're not going to get sucked into this below me, but it's legit. Hillary suffers from a very serious affliction. It's called tank alitis. Did you believe this? No, of course, it's at the joke facts. No, it's not. Nevertheless, it's not a joke facts. Okay. Okay. A lower leg phenomenon in which one's calves extend to the area, which should be ankle forming a hideous massive exaggerating cabinets. It's on the internet. Is all of it? Yeah. Really? Okay, you don't believe me. All right. I thought it was a joke. I'll believe you. I thought it was a joke, too. That's why I looked up cankets. It said, this is a condition that results in the calf and ankle becoming one singular appendage. A person afflicted with this condition as cankels. There's even a place called cankel suffers an ominous for those who are cankels. She's got cankels and you're making fun of the bitch for crying. Yeah, what's wrong with you, man? So, and sell you like to. Thank you. You'll be about that. So, who now was the white bear and on WCIX? Does anybody know? Book a Brian called and said, guy, a award, I'll award something like that. I have no idea who that is. Well, there you go. Well, here's the official AFL cankels corner. No, that's not it. That's not it. Go back. Go back. Go back. Go back. Like the Beatles would say. Go back. Urban dictionary. Three definitions. A here you go. Urban definition of cankels. What does that mean? In obese people whose calves don't separate into distinguish from the ankle, I can't believe she wears sandals with those cankels. For example. Yeah, they give you the proper usage. That's right. If I didn't have cankels, I might be able to wear those, try to loafers with my capri pants. What? Yes, little thing. So, I guess there is such a thing. How are this all just one big hoax? Maybe it's just a series of hoaxes that we're getting sucked in on. We have it available. Okay. And just quickly for those of us not as familiar with a downtown Toronto, the uptown theater, an old historic theater, is it? A dumb. A dumb. Very well known theater. It's in the area of lure and young. What I just said. Hope on needle. And there was some I understand it was some type of renovations on on your way. Have you been your part in? That is a spik talking. No. You know, tragic event has a lot of... I haven't even got to spik. You must get from the Toronto police department. We don't have any space allowed here. Are you crazy? That's a fraud. Only an occasional tourist I once in a while. We know space allowed here. Always now, but you're not scared to the important stuff. It's almost noon already. All are we doing a lot more about the white barren? WQAM? WQAM? You missed a whole bit. No. Now we got the imitators. Very sad. Very weak. WQAM? Probably the bell fans. Yes sir. What's the risk of your hatred of no Howard Davis? Oh, again, I'm out of here. We only got two hours and nine minutes left. 5607. We have some bizarre folks today or what? Talk about how do your chickens before they lay one? 5607. 560. Pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. As the hits just keep on coming. How come line one stop to ring an hour? Let me just see. Is it working? Oh, thank goodness this is work. I get really panicky because I don't want to like us to take gigantic steps backward like we usually do technically at QAM. WQAM? Hey, pause. Follow my foot. You. They're not too happy with a punch mask. Do they think it about seven punch back in? They're real unhappy. 10 million year wouldn't be enough the next two years to keep them in burritos. Let me sit again. What kind of an asshole would a big fat ass like that needs more than 10 million year? What is it stop? What is it stop? Hey. WQAM? Good talk to you. That was the coach that was one step. How come he hasn't been candid yet? When you think after yesterday's game that a fight him right on the spot? WQAM? Neil? Yes sir. And that's, I'm going talk to you last week. I took my kids out of school to watch a bomb drop. Well, I got a pretty pissed off so I asked my kids to ask them why to this and the day and a half out of school watch a bomb drop. The teacher says because that's what keeps our country safe. There you go. Okay, thanks for the update. Don't come again with that crap though. And just call this last week with part one and he's gone. You see what I'm saying? We always get these people they start you'd be listening what they have to say. You give them a form to event and then right away they've got to be better. And it's like they have their own little feature like they have their own segment. Like like like Bino. You know? WQAM? Hey, I'm calling about the poll that you had last week about the at least people in the whole world each city. I think you ought to do I don't know if you did the poll already but the best looking cities. Yeah. Um, because I went to Prague. I know it's not your bag but it's like a bunch of people. Well, well, well, what do you mean it's not my bag? Uh, you know, hot attractive women. Well, how about how attractive guys in Prague? There's certainly are. Yeah. Um, you might not your bag. I think we could just, uh, you should have a poll on that because it really is like a supermodel convention over there. In other words, they could all work forever crumbly in bitch. Excellent. Okay. Pau Thax. We'll do it tomorrow. We've got to be formal. Do it again tomorrow just to make him happy. See, the problem when you do those things is that unfortunately and not just our audience, but most Americans have been nowhere. Only 25% of the American populations got past sports. So that means 75% of the people have never left the country other than maybe you go to Mexico or Canada. But if you've got a lot of beautiful people there in Canada, and Mexico, I bet you they got two or three beautiful people where well somewhere very in the mountains somewhere. I don't believe you. You are such a bigoted prick man's. Pric rams would speak. And then that's the reason you want to send Pudge back and because he's a wreak in it. If we had checked this morning, if I thought he was Cuban, if Bogot committed to throw his Cuban user, oh my god, let's open up the wall. It's on YouTube pastes and the organization. Let's pay him 20 million here just to keep him in town. Yeah, I would have been saying that right. You would have chur, but because he's a wreak in right away. You want to hop on his fat ass. And they're so I don't care. He shouldn't be getting paid to three to hop on somebody's ass. Two priests has sped it over sex abuse claims. The arts dicey is a minus suspended two priest yesterday following allegations of sexual misconduct and two severed lawsuits. One of those priests whose name just keeps popping up over and over again. You're ever an alvaro guisha, or pastes or Saint Francis, it sounds like a hockey player for the Canadians. Old time. Pastes or Saint Francis distales church in Miami beaches been reinstated in August after 15 months of suspension stemming from similar to unrelated accusations. We, sure, are at an irreverent hectic and salice abreo pastes and Vincent de Paul church in Northwest Miami, Dave County have denied the allegations. The civil suits are going forward as the arts dicey investigates the claims. The two priests are moved yesterday based on the recommendation of the five member arts dicey's review board, which studied the cases and decided the allegations were credible according to dicey's spokeswoman Mary Ross Augusta. This means they could be true, she said, or not, as the case may be. She said the decision was related to accusations have been previously reported in the media, although she wouldn't come out of them specifically. And it goes on and on and on and on and of course we share about it. But you heard that clip on channel 7 this morning. They're picking on him and he's getting sick and tired of it and y'all the other stuff. The craft seeking died. He's sick and tired of it. Lenton is he recon? No, I think he's cubin. No. Yeah. A cubin. A ledge. Child master. Four minutes till noon at five sixty. WCM we got the mad dog at two the hoppers doing to show it's sure it's true us today. But on a couple of extra times over there for the holidays. That was funny. The anxious Ricky William show at the Cleveland or seven o'clock tonight. Boys met a lot of explaining to you and what kind of a league is it? It's like a Sicily now. They actually have a rule in NFL that it's they had a pass a rule because he's got the Ricky and this other guy that what they'll team is he play. We've got the dreadlocks the cool stuff. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Egy has got the dreadlocks now. So now they they had a pass a rule in the official rule book that it's legal to tackle somebody by their dreadlocks. So now the butch NFL they're tackling the by their hair. They're pulling their hair like little girls in acute. Butch of pansies. The big attended. I had any kid 10 in Joe Mark overnight. And that of course the return of our the I wish I could say triumphant but the dismal return of the mow mice. I'm telling you who wishes you could get out that show real soon. I've salute at five tomorrow morning. You know, one of the best kept dining secrets anywhere in town is right in coral springs. It's fabulous. It's the gold co seafood grill and they just celebrated their one year anniversary. They got three and a half big juicy stars from the Sun sent me a short time dining review. Why did they get three stars? Because their food is absolutely sensational. They got all kinds of really neat specialties like mango plum salmon. I'm encrusted. My he my he or she had a glazed sea bass and crab and shrimp stuffed trout. There's an incredible bar atmosphere at the Gold co seafood grill including an extensive wine and martini list big gigantic martinis during happy hour only five and a half bucks for the seven PM every day seven days a week. The Gold co seafood grill your fight in coral springs at 2752 North University. Dravins had the beautiful walk shopping center called nine five four or two five five fish for reservations and more information. You can die inside around side large parties private functions are welcome to experience the best kept secret lunch and dinner dining is the Gold co seafood grill and coral springs at 2752 North University drive inside that most prestigious beautiful walk shopping center. The Gold co seafood grill where you can always depend on getting great seafood at great prices too. They play like men and they look like women. They can you see all there is to see in a reality dating show? Think again there's a new reality in reality television. It's average Joe millionaire. A shoulder puts a twist on an old twist. With a brand new twist average Joe millionaire. One bucks and beauty must choose the matter of dreams. Among 25 hunky guys she thinks I worth over 50 million dollars but guess what they're not hunky and they're not rich. Or are they? What's the dirty little secret behind average Joe millionaire? Are these ordinary guys actually extra ordinary? Are they really worth the millions we said they weren't after we said they were. Can a beautiful woman fall for an average looking rich man who's actually poor and handsome or will she love them for their good looks and not for the money she thinks they may have but actually might not it will all become crystal clear on the premier episode average Joe billionaire. Poor will it find out one reality television gets a real dose of real reality really and it's all of average Joe millionaire coming so do fuck Steve. Poor is it at five 60 is it? No. WQAM. Do you have any six votes on a Hillary pool? What is it about Hillary Clinton you dislike the most? 116 say I like her she's no GWB percent is that? I'm 30 man. I hate her she's a bitch 94 24.3 percent. I love Hillary 81 almost 21 percent. She's too small 45. She's an ice princess 34. She's a lightweight 16. So let's see the positive ones I love and a 50.9 percent which means 49.1 percent. Got it? Got it. Positive ones 100 and a 207. To 189. Well only like just a handful of votes. It's a tight race baby. She come out on top even with her cancels. Maybe they hit there's like a sympathy vote huh? Well I never knew she had cancels. Well this wasn't an educational show. First of all we learned at that guy a channel set whatever the hell his name was. Yes his name Charlie Baxter Charlie Charlie. He's retired at 65 he was all of those different characters are you people grew up with on Sunday mornings and Hillary's got tankles. What the more it is only noon two hours you ever had like a wealth of information on this guy damn show and a price is right Now here's the new pool. It's not really a pool just to survey which are like and the reason I was inspired to do it today is because that at result in a weekend pool about only 7.5 percent disagree with most on religion that's great. So how often do you attend religious services that's the pool question number number of those? Only on major holidays. Fairly often very often religiously. Rarely or never. How often do you attend religious services only on major holidays? Fairly often very often religiously rarely or never. Do I leave anything up? Oh pretty much covers it. Let's see the white bear and was played by a commercial act of a less name of devries during the mid 70s who lived in Kindles as Mark. Thank you Mark the white bear and on WCIX. I have no idea I was here. I guess the mid 70s. I was here in 76 Remember the white bear and oh I remember what's his name? The big fat guy. They will just be well. No the other big fat guy. They you've a dixon. Okay You remember Dave Dixon? I do he was great for On your old channel. 88 or whatever was there on the U. A U. HF. Remember those days when we used to have the antennas? Oh, go talk about old cod hangers band when they first came yeah when they first came out with a U. HF channels the higher frequency higher than What 13? I think so yeah Then all of a sudden we had have another band so we had VHF and UHF kind of like when FM came into prominence and Here came a whole bunch of other channels in order to pick up UHF. You had to get those little circular and tennis for the little loop antennas for the back of your TV Or like you said if you were couldn't go do the old fruit loop you'd put a cod hanger on there. You'd stick it No, you didn't want you used this for your cod hanger. Right that's what John Crawford said but don't send him to her house Those are the days and what what channel was that was that channel? 23 Get out of here. I used to watch cartoons on It was like half and half English and Spanish. They did. Dixon was on channel 20. I don't know where Dave Dixon was. I can't remember that No, that's 45 okay. That's the before it before they sold it to the religious nuts. I think was channel 45 I do believe I could be wrong big Wilson was on six and Dave Dixon was on UHF And used to show all those is really horrendous grow test nasty and then he went to Detroit I was on a radio and I think had also a similar thing on channel 15. He drew on UHF and then he died and you wonder why he died All right start with that again with the fat stuff this audience hates that because most of them are fat They hate that He was real fat and he died and he was all at all either Okay, let's see how often you go to religious services. Let me think about this one Oh, and speaking a good old-time religion. Here's a great story even love religion and football Muslim football team names spark protest Irvine, California I wonder if that's why the Irvine family came from the harness racing family from Ohio Irvine, California. It was planned as a way to bring young athletes together for weekend to fun But when participants in the Muslim football tournament starting naming their teams into Fata Soldiers of Alaw and Mujahideen Jewish leaders took offense. They said oh Interfata uprising and Arabic is obtained used by Palestinians for their revolts against Israeli occupation from 1987 to 1993 and over the past three years The recent interferes seen numerous suicide bombings by Palestinian militants Mujahideen means holy warrior Yamana Bernie King who lives in Irvine said the teams names undermine those who worked at close relations with Muslims Something like this tends to support those in the community who have suspicions about the real intent of Islam King said What exactly are they honoring here asked Rabbi Abraham Cooper Associate Dean of the Simon Weesenthal Center the LA based Jewish human rights organization They continued targeting of innocent women and children by homicide bombings deserves to be you know What's how he calls him homicide bomb? Yeah, they're sure to be condemned across the board It's deeply deeply disturbing he said what are the January 4 tournament organizers said the names were meant to show support for Muslims in a Middle East But also represent football bravado They said it's the bomb One of the kids and our team are from Palestinian origins said terrac shocky into Fata's 29 year old captain in quarterback We are in solidarity with people in the uprising. It's about human rights and basic freedoms fellow Terminal organizers sub-e-con no kind to aga-con or Ali Khan city to worry about the names and ask there may be gangas Con and ask the teams to change them and bothers me a little bit said con 18, but he added They were just trying to be cool. Well, what's wrong with that kind of like mo trying to be Absolutely cool as a frog's fart Right, right need don't come no cooler than mo they can't use those things. We better outlaw all the way He's so cool. He's like right on the verge of dead. You know like there's that fine line between cold as death and He's right on that edge Look at that how often you attend religious services we've already got it just popped up there 27 votes and 20 say never Oh, good very often religiously three rarely two only I made your holidays one and fairly often one the religious stuff folks They've just they've given up on us on the heathens on this show. They don't want nothing to do with us Good in fact. I'm probably listening to closet. Oh, there's the old cheese head Tommy Thompson First off, well, thank you for putting me on your programs now. Well if you should only croak man for putting him on your show You'll cheese it. He drank from water from a creek How can any see everybody in America's got this CA deal? It's called convenient Alzheimer's and the media just let these people off the hook and we're supposed to forget about all that crap Back during the anthrax stuff and by the way, we got any suspects in the anthrax investigation No, just that person of interest who's likely to stretch Stephen had full any other suspect Anybody arrested for that yet? No And it just goes on and on and they do it. You want to know why they do it because they can get away with it because they can just like why does it dog Which is balls because he can same thing They do it because the media gives them a free pass and they can do whatever they want and act as stupid as they possibly can and Tom Ridge in this guy between the two of them. They got a person out of like a shoehorn WCWM Good afternoon to you sir happy Monday Here's your resident researcher day six and was on channel 51 51 is absolutely correct Which if you recall for a while they have that on TV service? What do you mean if I recall I was on it? I was on drugs I was on and like from a one when the movie ended at night I Was on that TV a channel and we used to take calls and we had it Oh, it was it was a whole bizarre thing, but I yeah, I was on for like two to five in a morning Yeah, there's 51 studios was up on federal up in Fort Laterdale and 23 before it went Spanish There'd be claim to fame was they were the local pervator of buzzers big-top all be damn Which you guys think their studios are up on Jerry Rhodes somewhere not far for where you guys are now We're up by the antenna farm. Yes. This is a rich and very traditional local television We have no idea what you're is Charlie fold is probably the last coherent person left the channel seven Now that wonders the sea's got to rest the soul and this guy's gone You know what are we going to eat he and oh spill keys the rail. I know that Have a great take pali you two sir 567.0560 pound five 60 on a AT and T and Verizon wireless line 46 people A checked in here and said 31 of them never attend religious services and I bless them. I commend them a heartily For coming to their senses rarely six very often religiously four only on major holidays three And then early often two is there any other religion where they have like major holidays where you show up or is it just the Jews? What are you talking about? Eastern I said Christmas services Easter services for the Christians instead of going do the same thing They are practically mandatory I see just like you don't keep her in Russian shunners right practically Mandatory for the Jews unless they want to see but the Jews they're not kind of burning hell cuz there was none And then if you're Catholic you have all these accessory events that you are almost required to go to like babies baptisms Like if you don't go to one effused baptism you're just the devil In fact the only hell for Jews is when jewelry remain comes on here It's our spot and I'd write when cramp that's how that goody two shoes crap that is how like it's almost as hell Is a fine in time direct setting it your dinner table for a you know with an Akhen under his chin To kiss the blood that's pouring down is said because somebody slutters throat. Oh Oh God what a happy new year that would be yeah Imagine this on your next mortgage folks imagine zero closing cost Zero application fee zero credit bureau fee zero discounted points You know that kind of works for rest of waste is on those cars boss Zero he always like its S.E.R.O. you know zero Oh that bugs me it's the last mortgage you'll ever need the revolutionary only one mortgage from financial group Now with interest rate in just 1.95% that means if you have a 200,000 dollar loan your payments are a mighty low 738 bucks a month what's not to like and what's you gonna be finance or get a new home mortgage from financial group You'll never ever never pay closing cost again So column today at 1-800-940 land grab yourself real financing power with low rate mortgage You can move to your next property without further cost of expense It's the only one mortgage from financial group for the tails. I have to do is make that one easy call 1-800-940 land. It's a hold away to buy you pay zero underwriting fee zero dock fee Zero prepim and pedally and zero closing cost even when you move to another property So bitches I'll financing it just 1.95% call 1-800-940 land and never ever let me sit again never pay closing cost again Call them today 1-800-940 land on the taunt wreck tour dig called. I'll be check on like crazy There an equal housing lender restrictions apply rates up to change monthly 5.19 APR Most away from those price kill eclipse, hey, Squad Yes Squad is coming the Earth house. This placement Command vehicle subscribers and followers on English, but it's a merry increase No and base enemies. Big trading. Ladies, our bill so separately. He catches bigger cups with its own 12-page propaganda booklet. Explaining how the Jew was going to run. St. Louis, who's referred to as for a pre-sweptic armband. And an additional L&T, so-pating, how could it be? But hurry, these action-bickers that are available for a short time, only yet, just pop an aura. For 18, Sonamiroi was held here on ETA press yesterday, and you, of course, would have means when you have an important big effort on ETA press. What? Nothing. Are you a valswazan? Wesley Clark? Nuddy Gingrich. Oh yeah. Yeah, they dragged his ass out again. I guess we're, again, can be the Alzheimer's supposed to figure what a liar and hypocrite and phony baloney and phlander were he was? But anyway, they brought him out and he repushed pretty good on Iraq. Put it anyway. They asked, they were asking about a 2008 election. And they asked him, who he thought to be a public in candidate might be in 2008? And you know what he said? I give up. Jeff Bush, hey, fuck them out! I knew like that. Sure. Jeff Bush makes more sense of this word. That's what they got in the wings. That's what they had in mind. Two terms for daddy, which he blew it on the first one. Two terms for W and two terms for Jeff. Just like the candidates all over again, but that didn't work out too good. Jeff Bush for president. Who the hell are they kidding, huh? 81 votes. How off? Oh, and I hate to disagree with you one. What's your name on the comitose, whatever your name is? Terry Shavo Shaivo. Shaivo. Yeah, what about it? Pulling a hero over the weekend, and maybe with the Sun's Sun, we'll show you that about 80% of the people in Florida disagree with the government with Governor Bush on that issue. And if she wants to die, leave her alone already. Have a right to die. Yeah, you do. I mean, if the, what is the die? She wants to die. How you know that? She said, if she said, uh, the thorn would you have lucky. How now the, in other words, he did, they disagree with him interceding there. And other, I disagree with him interceding. Well, good. How often you attend religious services? 81 people say, whatever they do. Like I said, 93 say 58 never 62 point three percent. Oh, I hope for our crowd. We're all going to burden the hell together. I'll be doing a show there, by the way. Help? Yeah. Rarely 24 while I did a show in hell for like almost 28 years. And then I got out of there. Most of the time. Rarely 24 25.8% you had those together, Mr. New got 88.1% of the audience who rarely or never attend any of that crap. Any of that hoax, pocus, let's get things into focus. Let me say it again. The people that wrote all of that crap. They used to ston people to that. They used to be like, everything that happened. When it was a goddamn both of lightning, uh, clap a thunder, man. You name it. Superstitious stupid ignorant people. And well, the Bible says and it's the biggest freak in tax free business in the world today. How to poke gets a free pass on his crap with all these millions of people dying from AIDS in Africa. Oh, no, use condoms. Whatever you do in the course, those people are that that's the new flock. You do understand that for the Catholic Church. Of course, because when people are more desperate, they become it's just like the as farce as in America. They're all southern backdisturbed whenever they are because the church is like the only hope that's held out to them instead of like giving me anything tangible to hold on to. So you go to the church and listen to your phone. He will only pastor who went on the internet like you doing. Get the all of a sudden. Poof your minister. If there if there is a black male in America over the age of 25, but hasn't been or isn't now either an athlete or a minister of some sort. I sure like to know who the hell it is. You ever met one choice. Oh, you said that. Christrat for next. Drock. I'll get back to you. Right. Yeah, you'll get back to me. Put your thinking cap on, Mr. Okay. Besides then they'll wash them. For makeins don't count. Up to three. How often you would 10 religious services 93. Look at that. And we got 88.1%. Say either rarely or never. I love it. All right. And you want to know why I love it. Because here's an important story for you. Religious belief becomes the biggest predictor of hope. This was in over the weekend and Houston Chronicle. Want to know how Americans will vote next election day. Watch what they do the weekend before. If they attend religious services regularly, they'll probably vote Republican by a two to one margin. If they never go, they'll likely vote Democratic by a two to one margin. How do you like that? Yeah. Right. If that interesting. I do that. Oh, you didn't. I didn't know it. It break up a numbers. You didn't know the break down. No. This relatively new fault line in American life is a major reason. The country has politically polarized and the vision of religion and politics is likely to continue even grow in 2004. Because the good looks said a new pull about the non-partisan pure research center for the people in the press this fall confirmed that the gap remains voters who frequently attend religious services tilt 63 to 37% of Bush and those who never attend lean 62 to 38% to a Democrats. We now have the widest gap we've ever had between Republicans and Democrats at Andy Kohat director of the Pew survey. That was he sitting in his pew. What he said that his own pew. It's the most powerful predictor of party ID and partisan voting intentions at Thomas Man, no kind to Amy political scholar at the Brookings Institute, a Center Left Washington Research Center and in a society that values religion as much as this one, unfortunately, when there are high levels of religious belief and commitment and practice that significant. And you'll notice that Canada, the neighbor to the north of you, the religious sephanaticism is way, I mean, the whole thing about religion is like on a whole different level. Yelp. The United States is the most of all the westernized countries that used that term loosely in the world. The U.S. is by far and away the most religious when you get to Europe. I mean, forget about it. You get to the point, what is the number in Italy? Like 7% I think it's 7% was it? I thought it was lower than it. Or maybe 3% who go to church regularly in the rest of Malay, they give the old Bafangola. They're on to a man they know it. They're in the middle of it. President Bush is a church going Christian who often misses theology with public policies ranging from war on terrorism to a bandage specific type of late term abortion by a contrast, mostly leading democratic candidates were president to keep their campaign secular sell the mentioning God, religion, or attending church except for the occasional wealth of publicized visit to an African American church to try to painted those charges. The most notable exception among top tier candidates is Senator Julie Berman of Connecticut, a Jew who frequently invokes God, cast policy issues and moral terms, and refuses to campaign on the Sabbath. Submond Dread. The Reverend Al Sharpton is religious to a course, but Paul showed he's favored by a few more than one percent of likely democratic voters in the first primary state New Hampshire. Howard Dean said recently that he prayed privately, but quit being in a piss competing dispute with his parish over a bike path recently listed God with guns and gays among us is the children influence voting and doesn't regularly attend church nor to most of his chief rivals. How do you like that? We like Howard Dean even more now than we did before. Right? Right. You go boy. And I sure like them Jimmy Dean and Timmy Dean. I think it's Kim. Timmy Dean that Jew food he makes is wife Jewish. He recently listed God with guns and gays among issues that shouldn't influence voting and doesn't regularly attend church nor to most of his chief rivals. Thank the Lord. So like is that exactly what I've been saying for a long time now? Mm-hmm. That's what it's become. I'm here. You've got you've got the religious nuts on a one hand who just won't go away like into the code somewhere and they were Idaho with the Mark Furman and live happily ever after and do their own stupid thing. But you got them against all the rest of the people with a brain. People don't want to think for themselves and have been able to have been strong enough mentally and emotionally to emancipate their mind from all the brainwashing of this bullcraft to Santa Claus and the tooth fairy and the God bullcraft. Yeah, right. What a pilot. Tired. The entire world is just throughout the history of man. It's all we've had. Slotter and butchery and hate. All because of my religions better than yours, man. That's that's all that's all about. Yeah, but look at all the good things they did. Yeah. I mean like the Crusades of the Inquisition or what's happening in the Middle East today or Northern Ireland which one all of the India Pakistan right. All of these things. Yeah. Jim and Tanny fan all these other fakers on TV there. They tell evangelist ripping off these desperate old sick people. Yeah, that's what I'm talking about. Oh, I see. What's not to like tax free by the way. 86%. Right now, out of 129. None. Never ever never go to church 78 61.2% rarely 32 24.8. That adds up to 86% of my math be correct. Only on major holidays. Nine. Very often religiously five that's 3.8% in the early often four. So we got 6.9% who either fairly often or religiously go to like all this crap and the rest of our audience is forget about it. Which I'm proud of that. Because you have to go. You have to like search out of the rocks to find people who admit that they aren't part of this. This religious this the God squad is insanity. Big news. How the potty act GMC is now autocity potty act GMC of Pancrest. Expect the same great Neil deals and customers have the factory or custom to right now autocity of Pancrest. It's an end of the occurrence sale. I'll remaining 2003's in stock. Take advantage is 0% financing for the 72 months or save yourself nine grand with rebates and incentives. Attention least customers ask autocity of Pancrest about their lease pull ahead early termination program when it out pulled it out. There's even more great deals at the new autocity potty act GMC of Pancrest. For a limited time just sign and drive home your new GMC Sierra with absolutely no money down. Absolutely. It's the new autocity potty act GMC of Pancrest and you'll find about 1.34.01. South Dixie Highway that's US 1 across from the falls open every day seven days a week. If you want more info on it was hot deals called the Neil deal hotline tool free 1.3853444211. That's 1.3853442 of no trade offer. Subtitle credit approval. See the folks at autocity pilot the Pontiac. I'm going to start calling that autocity of Pancrest used to be held for the tails. The brand new autocity Pontiac GMC of Pancrest low prices without the high prices. Know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers. What in hell are I? It could be. I looked around and cornered. It's quite hard to believe. I saw Santa but he did not see me. I stood there silently. I didn't make a sound. He pulled toys from his bag and he spread them all around. He built my stockings with cartridges and then he sat down. What I saw next is Mosher to a town. He walked through the tree and it tore off a branch. He mistened his pocket and he pulled out a match. Straight up some needles. Stop him in his pipe. Then he struck the match and he gave it a life. His eyes grew small as cheeks started to glow. He walked through the tree and it filled another bowl. He started to hold but it came out he wasn't there. That Santa Claus taught it buzz. He washed my Christmas tree. I was right. I was hanging around. He said, I'm glad you made some Santa Claus. Did not know that you got high. He said, how do you think I'm scared to call and why do you rain it blind? Where would I fit all the cookies and milk if I was high? That Santa Claus caught one buzz by smoking my Christmas tree. I am now in. Oh, 34 at 5.60. Nobody comes out of the sun. Send us a call. Who or what? It is the blame or was the blame. For Sunday's gone from lost to the Patriots. I was the blame. Here I am hanging on my seat. What about the pole? You better hang on, Mr. Yeah, loosely. 20.6% said J. Fiedler. 2.7% Randy McMichael. 31.1% the offensive line. 10.4% North Turner. 35.2% the loser. Dave wants that. A ride. Coach. What did I say before? I had a fired his ass right after that game. Hey, Dave, go back to Chicago. What would I have to ban you on your knee? Go to get lost. I have an offensive line. Don't say it. Okay. Here's a fact that says, although we've not formally met this. This, this, this, Fring on here looks too familiar. Doesn't it, but, you know, what's it a font? No. Although we haven't formally met. I've called your show twice. Happened to be a 31 year old African American. Asmatic atheists who strongly believes walking in my car is the Pierce former Vexus size. So now you know of one feel better now. I do feel a little better. Sign KM. I will read the last name. KM. K-Bart. George Coupledy cried this charge from the army. See, there's 8 million of these stories. Why religion? It's a we have to eliminate it. That's all. Have to just teach people there are more things to like be You're concerned about, you know, like life and sex and the fresh air. Things that are like tangible and real as opposed to bubble ice. These fairy tales old wives tales. Silly crap. The good book. The good book says this. I mean, let me ask you this. Do you ever read a book? Ever of any kind. And you don't look at who the author is. No. No. Nobody ever reads a book, whether it's non-fiction or fiction, whatever. Without like at least looking at who the author is and maybe on the back of the jacket, reading a little bit about the author who she is. He is it is whatever to consider the source. Is that where you're going? That's exactly what I'm saying. But to take this book and I realize that the people are rotive, we're just and of course all of the other variables along with it. This is the rest a couple. The old testament to New Testament to Corran. There were 80's in the Bible. 80's in the religions. They all had a virgin birth. They all had a crucifixion. They all had the same fairy tales. More of the Christians than a better sales job. That's right. Because they made people an offer they couldn't reveal. Yeah. You don't believe me? Oh. But a thing. There you go. Swordpoint. Right. In fact, I think the early founders of Christianity took a line from Santino. Right. They don't want to believe your credit. Or they don't want to hand over. They're 10% or 15%. The thing you put it, Brands all over your nice. They don't want to be tithin. You make sure they're riding. Mm-hmm. I'm the flow. Five say I don't see much going on this phone now. I'm really anxious to interest. First of you calls here. But they just don't want to play the game today. 560 560 pound 560 on the AT and T line. Because every timeline 6 is ringing. You know what it's going to be. WQAM. Get off. Yes sir. I'm in the hall. I want to see what I mean. Every time. What is it about line 6 is a mega magnet that line. Magic line. I think that's the first one in the roll over. Oh, they're rolling over. He ought to roll over. WQAM. Pudge. Pudge packet line. WQAM. Hello. Hello. What is it? Yes sir. Are you doing today, buddy? Okay. Great. A couple of things. First of all, in regard to Hillary. Yes. I don't really love her. I don't really hate her. I don't get it. I don't get it. What to Hillary ever do that she is in line that even be under consideration for the president. I'll give you two answers. She introduced that healthcare bill that went over like a pregnant pole of Alderman July and she was married to the president. Other than that, I don't know. Well, of course, now she's a senator, but other than that, I don't know what. Well, that's the thing. Okay. Having lived in South Florida most of my life, I've run in the more than my fair share of New Yorkers, unfortunately. And even though there are pains in the ass, there, I would say at least generally as bright as most Americans, which is to say as bright as a dim ball. Yes. But in any way, how did they get sucked in to elect her a senator? I mean, all she ever did was sleep still Clinton. And that certainly was not an exclusive club. Are you forgetting that Arnold was just elected Governor of California in the baseline? No, no question about it. So the bar is, is in fact said very, very low. No doubt. The celebrity status man, she was a, a first lady. I just don't get it. Well, so then I guess we have all sorts of these people from reality shows. So look forward to them getting into politics as well because, you know, now they're celebrities as well. Absolutely. Well, although I guess it could be worse. We could be talking instead about more of the jury fall well at Robertson type people running for us, which brings me to my next point. Yes, as far as organized religion is concerned, you know, it's great for people that have faith that need faith and all the rest of that stuff. But you know what, keep it to yourself. I don't hear who you pray to. Don't try and shove it down my throat or up my, can I have a rectum? And, rectum. I hope you already have one. Yeah, it's a crunch and if you need a crunch, you're fine. And it helps you. But like you said, just keep it yourself and try to stop trying to convert everybody else and using it to spread hate and stupidity. I don't hear anymore who you pray to. Then I do. Who cuts your grass. Right. Your business. That's your business. It's not my business. And what I do in the being the confines of my own home is none of your damn business. I'm in. So keep it to yourself. And with all that said, I will say, And that's me. Thank you. Happy Chinooka. See you. 56050560. 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Times. If you want to give your home a new style this holiday season, I replacing that tired old carpeting. Let me tell you about lemon and terrasse. They're the easy moment and so alternative to expensive natural wood flooring. Lemon and terrasse makes sense. It's the best place to find lemonade and wood flooring from the top names in a world. Pera door per grow Wilsonard, Uniflore Quixthab and all of lemon terrasse flooring is installed. By guys who know their stuff, Per grow certified installers. Another good reason why you should call lemon and terrasse their prices are so unbelievably low. It'll probably floor you right now. Get their holiday special for just 1495 bucks. And just 1495 gets you up to 295 square feet of beautiful. Lemon it wood flooring. Unreal. And lemon and terrasse will match any legitimate renoffer too. So if you'd like to get yourself with no obligation a free and home estimate, call lemon and terrasse toll free. 1-877-77-73336 and make it so easy how can you refuse. Free carpet disposal, free furniture moving at 25 year warranty. So this holiday season give your home a new style with beautiful lemon and wood flooring. Call lemon and terrasse today toll free and please come to the old meal. Tordi de Call 1-877-7777-3336. My life in local. We're sports radio 566-U.A.M. Grinch does a hanky frame. Wishing which has a stanky way to keep. Wishing which does a hanky frame. Wishing which does a hanky frame. Wishing which does a hanky frame. Wishing which does a hanky frame. Wishing which does a hanky frame. Wishing which does a hanky frame. Wishing which does a hanky frame. Wishing which does a hanky frame. Wishing which does a hanky frame. Wishing which does a hanky frame. Wishing which does a hankyimportant hungl to have done a hanky frames. Wishing which does a hanky frame. Wishing which does a hanky frame. Wishing which does a hanky frame. Whether you like the holiday season may not be hard or quite easy. Woah woah woah woah woah. He's got nothing off the money, he's definitely. I see. Oh, hey there, man. All the commedits she's nowhere in the Friday. I don't be no friend, I guess. I saw him working on his pick-up, I swear. You come here, I'll be dating what you say. I'm pretty, I'm with Robert and I'll know. Hey, buddy, baby, can I give you the phone? I'll never move the far back. Come here, baby, and meet that you'll get a bit of a problem. Who came which does the hanky pain? Who came which does the hanky pain? Who came which does the hanky pain? Who came which does the hanky pain? Who's the hanky pain? Well, it's about 47 and 5.50 WKM. 198 people have tried it on the survey. How often you attend religious services? Never 115, rarely 46, that's 81.2%. Only on major holidays, 17, very often, religiously, 13, 6.5%. And fairly often, 7.3%. So 10%. Our soccer and I mean go, soccer do their thing. Guess what's just on CNN? Or is probably right now? I get other doing the building collapsing at downtown Toronto again the theater. Ralph Reed, remember Ralph Reed? Yeah, you do from the Christian coalition with that guy. Who's like one step away? I think he's Gary Bowers a twin sister. Ralph Reed is now the regional campaign director for the and the southeast for the campank coordinator for both Cheney. What does that tell you? Richard Vigari and Ralph Reed and Gary Bowern, all these, have been looking for a fanatic guy and that's what it's all about. And of course, you threw Julie putting him in the mix. Just so the Jews don't hit like that. He's in the wrong party. The Jews and the, the religionists are taking over the whole damn country. Then that's really where it goes down to, right? So whatever progress we made in the last 20 or 30 or 40 years. In fact, you go back beyond that because it went down to all of the, Oh, if the artifact, that's probably one of the reasons they want to take f the R off the diamond is because they want people to forget about Franklin Roosevelt, the whole new deal. I want to give us the raw deal. Pathetic. And a public is, who's FDR? Maybe we would like that. Jewish Company cried this charge from Army. Raphael and Margaret Chacon were supposed to be seven months into a five-year army commitment by now, studying to be much needed in interrogators in the war on terrorism instead of civilians looking for jobs. The tour discharge after disobeying orders by skipping class so they could tend services for young Kippur, the holiest day of the Jewish year. Our religion itself says if you're saving somebody's life, you have to cease the observance Raphael Chacon said, no one can convince us not going to class when you can make it up falls out of that category. The army calls the November 14th as charges a simple matter. They didn't meet the requirements of the course at Tanya Lillten, a spokeswoman at Hoachukah Arizona where the chickens were training. You have to meet the requirements of the course we really just don't see any story here. She said the army acted within its regulations on religious practices, which says that the Lakomadi religious practices on lesser combination will have an adverse impact on unit readiness, individual readiness, unit cohesion morale discipline safety and or health. Jack Zimmerman, a Jewish Vietnam veteran, is there 14 years of active duty in the Marines and 16 more in a Marine Reserve before retiring as a Colonel said he was shocked here about the chickens played. Oh my God. He was shocked. You ready for that? I observed 30 M. Kippers, how many? About 30 men. As a Marine officer and was never asked not to said Zimmerman, now an attorney in Houston, even in Vietnam, I was commanding an artillery veteran along the DMZ and was able to return the name for high holiday services. The chicken said that problems began October 4th today's before the holiday, when Battalion Commander Dennis Perkins, I do like his pancake house, told him not to attend all day services. They said they were told to go to classes scheduled, but could go at to services after class. That meant nothing Raphael said because class is lasted so long, so the couple skipped class attended the service at the Vortz Chapel. Raphael chicken 27 knew there would be consequences when they returned, and she was right. They gave us a counseling statement and read a star right to accuse us of being a wall, which I guess was okay for the president. And we'll pull this obedience of a lawful order. Of course, he's a good religious, or good member of the God squad and good standing. The couple said they were essentially put under a house arrest and were threatened with military charges and punishment. We couldn't go to the store, we couldn't do anything said Mark would take in 26, called to match the degree from the Sorbonne and speaks fluent French in Hebrew. The legal problems disappeared when they filed a complaint with the Army's equal opportunity to permit a couple said they were simply given a general discharge that mentions misconduct as reason behind the return of civilian life. The couple who married an August after enlisted the other staying with a relative in Houston and planned a seek work in the New York area. How do you like that? With an discharge like this it's going to be very, very hard to get a job with a three-letter agency like the CIA or the FBI. They be Sam. How do you like that? I don't. Couldn't go to your own kipper man. Who's good enough for San Diego facts, it should be good enough for them. Cruiser, oh this is a good one. Cruising carry unleashes farm off the tech on bush. I love a night you go Johnny's boots up a little bit. He's desperate because he's down landslide margin to the polls now. He's losing like three to one margin and New Hampshire to polls to Dean because of that face. That Mount Rushmore face? Schurler's pretty presidential. Struggling 2004 Democratic wannabe John Kerry fired an ex-rated attack at President Bush over Iraq and used the effort highly unusual language for a presidential contender in a stunning new interview with Rolling Stone magazine. Senator Kerry used the undealated ex-bladed of expresses frustration and anger over how the Iraq issue was heard him because he voted for the war resolution while Democratic frontman or Howard Dean has soared by opposing it. I voted for what I thought was best for the country. Did I expect Howard Dean to go off to the left and say I'm against everything? Sure. Did I expect George Bush to eff it up as badly as he did? I don't think anybody did Kerry told the Uthoray and the magazine that he expect George Bush to eff it up. You go, boy. I'm going. From running phony. Yeah. Brookings' institution presidential scholar Steven Hess said he can't recall another candidate attacking a president with ex-rated language in a public interview. It is so unnecessary he has said it's in a way it's kind of pandering by Kerry to a group he sees as if I think John Kerry is going to regret saying this and usually regret saying that Steven has because Tom Harkett from Iowa when he ran last time for president, whatever he held a year there was. He said Bushman about the president. About Bush one. Bushman. Kerry yesterday angrily said it is war record in Vietnam on S.B. and U Hampshire student about charges that it's unpaid to add to attend the commander in chief fuming. I left some blood on a battlefield that President Bush never left anywhere. Two polls this week show Dean leading by a landslide three to one over Kerry in New Hampshire. And M&M. What are my least favorite people? Yeah. Want's the president dead. A new unreleased song by the two-part of Detroit Rimer titled we as Americans includes the lyrics F money. I don't record dead presidents. I'd rather see the president dead. The track a pro gun rant is not specifically mentioned President Bush and M&M's public is devoted interpreting what the lyrics mean. But he said the reference to that president was hip-hop code for cash. Right? Sure. Like when you meet our caption, you're on a street court. I've dairy in 441. Yeah. And he has 20 dead presidents. Right? Oh, maybe. The bootleg track is available on several M&M websites also appears in truncated for my mtv.com. M&M is publicist Dennis Denny. He told the New York Post the song which makes a case against gun control laws was an unreleased first rat that may have been ripped off from the rap superstar. It's an unfinished song said Denny. He was lost or stolen. There's been no determination made and where are how it will be used or when? The tune was one of several tracks that have found their way into sever space recently. Seven songs are extensively part of an EP called Straight From the Lab are circulating on fan sites here to per-nevers in hip-hop chat rooms. Oh, by the way, do you know 50 cent number to two people? Well, that's what he said. They had it coming. Every now and then he says, oh yeah, he killed two people. They were going to hurt you this year. Found that a majority of American kids believe M&M's lyrics are more credible than Bush's speeches. How do you like that? You hear that? A poll earlier this year found that a majority of American kids believe that M&M's lyrics are more credible than Bush's speeches. Well, that's good anyway. Yeah, and I still can't stand me makes me sick. M&M too. Well, here is one of my same getting a lot of bedtime stuff. And here because Lion's Six is bringing, I know it's going to be bad. WDQAM. Yes, I just wanted to know if Neil had seen 60 minutes last night. I talked about it. Yeah. Oh, you already did? About Abercrombie and Fitchin on the second story about Carbelon about the fact that the guy that made the guy disappear and the, you know, no real good representation. Talk about it. Oh, you did. Okay. Sorry about that. I do a little late today. I was kind of scary. There wasn't it. Oh, my gosh. You know, you think that these guys have surrounded up for work on the Americans want to know why we're so why we're being shot up because the same stuff. They went out the right thing. They elected their own leaders. They did a democratic way. And we said, oh, no, not so fast. Then we took the one guy and spirited away. And they still won't tell anybody, including the 60 minutes. What the charges are? Well, it's just like here, Patriot Act, you know, we live in freedom. Good luck to his pal. And I guarantee one thing. He's not working forever, Crabby and Fitch. Have a great day. A senior, what did you hear this? This is going to all better do the break. All right. Let me give you a little tease. Blacks, though. You know, Blacks are welcome on the biggest drugs. How many in the world? Yes. Blacks are welcome says, our drugs don't work on most patients. Oh, no. Yeah. They cost a lot of money. Yeah. Ourmen, legs, but guess what? Did they work on most people? No. No. All those, maybe those Canadian drugs. That's right. Those those awful Canadian drugs. Look at that. Look out the window of people swooning and falling over to a place right here. Probably took too many drugs. Tension horse racing fans, Pompano Park, harness and cardboard was opened for its 40th anniversary season. Right now as I speak, that's right. There's some a casting going on right this moment. In fact, you know, something? No. I bet you have put on a racing chain on late to be third. Oh, it's the final words that are called for my good friend Phil Salzman, the second race. Again, again, when regard with just the third long lap. And there's the second race that pulled off you park. What you can be plunged in on all kinds of tracks at Pompano for a similar casting any day, seven days a week. The track features a free admission for general parking every day. Live harness racing in the poker room open like today and every Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday. Poker starts at noon at Pompano Park and live racing gets underway tonight, 705 p.m. And every Monday night like tonight, there's two for $25 dinner specials in the top of the park restaurant. Every Wednesday, 92 December 17th, though Hooray's girls will be a Pompano Park for dollar nights helping serve draft beers and eating racing fans. Did you get to see the Brow County mommers on Saturday? No, sorry, list that somehow. I was a man, busy. Pompano Park, Laka said also open every day, seven days and nights week, featuring the best in harness, stirbra, high-ly, summer casting action from all across North America, if we to watch and plunge your guts out. Pompano Park, you're fighting to block South Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road for that new racing schedule. You can go online at Pompano Park.com or call 9504-972-2000. Don't forget a great live racing cart tonight, every Monday, Wednesday, sat Friday and Saturday, 705 at Pompano Park. Mime, and low, this is 4-256. Listen, yo yo yo yo it's the ones at 2-hour. Yeah boy. Re-pop North door door door door door door doors Uh you did Mondia Mo Howard day. I heard beans but alcohol was raining. I must be close, I got you full with friends, full with friends. I'm a man, I'm on my arm, like a ram, I can nowly map a lot go on. I got veins on my nose, nobody knows that under my clothes I wear panty hoes, but that no mean that I'm gay. If you think my arms are bad, you ought to see my legs, I might as well keep them smoothing, shave, this whole little glass, the next time I'm raping. I can vote to assertion, but that gives me the shivers. I would not want to walk, I would like to grieve as. Where am I? I buy a lovely, st- the fat little free, I said I'm a fap, but now we can afford to be, but reason I dismiss that thing and fat bastard is me garsing, wouldn't shut up any can play can nest it. I should have been called realman and nobody talked when I raped. I raped a new talk, like look at me, I'm hit hit, pay a note swear, I'm a thing done dirty man, I'm really dead. I buy a any one I want, I don't care, especially if they make me flip my wig made as smelly green hair. I got paid myself, it even happens to the greets. I just wouldn't want to send you get out of here, I'll just break your legs. So now I sit by the bulls, life's as good as it gets. With my palli then cartailed, placing bets on the gins, and power a day, power a day, and don't kiss nobody's hands in power a day. I'll be sure that not the screw could do when I get the chance, but the cleavage aren't ready with my line green pants. I won't do that take, I'll be calling the plate, it was just a little thought, so what I left this day. I guess I'm fat, funny, want to know the sandwich buddy? I can do what I want, but the management loves me. I'm working so difficult and drive by a mousel, but they go on talk about that. No, because the uptown theater in Toronto that collapsed, they're just hyperventilating and forming a demand, and also with some on your own CNN, cause unknown. Is it all? Uh oh, terrible. Was it dilapidated old building and they were doing construction work inside and like, cave then? Here we have a fourth alarm here, which is approximately 100 final firefighters. Is there a danger to the firefighters in the group? Well certainly, and so we can support the large ID and this inquire, we have an engineer here on the site. Uh we have to ensure that that being is supported and where it is supported then it's would be safer for our crews to move. I mean, there was some students inside taking a language course, but like I think five, and they said it might still be one person inside, but uh it's not like the end of the world. So I'm saying right, I don't thought it was. I was going to lose because they're hyperventilating about it. That was from a city pulse. I just put on. I wouldn't put CNN on a story for here. What I know. The pile of black tar paper when we got in there, what is that? What is the debris? Well the the roofing felt that you see is typical to a flat roof. Oh, oh. Anyway, speaking of the flat roofs society and the flat earth society before you do that. Yes, thank you Brad at Tony the one on your third and four forty one for this wonderful lunch today. Oh, thanks Brad. Okay, and it's delicious. Yes, it is. I can almost smell it right here. Anyway, I see you rejected with Britain's biggest drugs company admitted that most prescription medicines do not work on most people who take them. That's not funny. Alan Rose's rhymes with Moses. Worldwide Vice President of genetics had Glaxo Smith Klein, G.S.K. said fewer than half the patients prescribed some of the most expensive drugs actually derived any benefit from them. It is an open secret within the drug industry that most of its products are ineffective in most patients, but this is the first time that such a senior drug boss has gone public. His comments come days after it emerged that the NHS drug bill is served by nearly 50% and three years rising by 2.3 billion pounds a year to an annual cost of the taxpayer of 7.2 billion pounds. This is English, of course. GSK announced last week that 20 more new drugs under development that could each earn the company up to a billion dollars a year. Dr. Rose's an academic geneticist from Duke University in North Carolina spoke at a recent scientific meeting in London where he said it figures on how well different classes of drugs work in real patients. Drugs for Alzheimer's disease work in fewer than one in three patients, whereas those for cancer only effective in a quarter of patients, drugs for migraines, osteoporosis in arthritis work in about half the patients. Most drugs work in fewer than one in two patients mainly because the recipients carry genes that interfere in some way with the medicine. Some of the Sri English's doctor Rose's comments were reminiscent of the 1991 gap by Gerald Ratner, the jewelry boss who famously said that his high-speed chops are successful because they sold total crap. But others believe Dr. how do you like that? All the crap you can unwrap. You got it. But Dr. what is it? But others believe Dr. Rose is a credit for being honest about a little publicized fact under the drug industry for many years. Rose is a smart guy. What he is saying will surprise the public but not his colleagues have one industry side. He is a pioneer of a new culture within the drug business based on using genes to test for who can benefit from a particular drug. Well, I would be nice to know before you took it. Wouldn't it? Let's see this wasting the money in the pills. That's just by it needed. By the way, did you know that Republicans like pork? Yeah, that. Before they took control of Congress nearly nine years ago, Republicans often mocked that Democratic practice of larding government spending bills for the provisions that earmarked funds for pet projects in particular lawmakers' districts and states. So the $328.1 billion bill that the Republican let House is going to pass today funding a grab bag of government agencies takes earmarking to greater heights and uses it for what Democrats claim our new partisan purposes. What a surprise. The bill includes an eye-popping number of earmarks around 7,000 by one estimated a cost of several billion dollars. All this spending. If I'd been before we go to the moon, how about if we spend that money on like, you know, a homeland security? Shut up. We still might be around to be able to go to the moon. I mean, we'll talk about desperate. Other spending bills bring the grand total for the ear to more than 10,000. 10,000 pieces of pork. In that long list, our big items. items big and small. From $100,000 for street furniture and sidewalks in Laverna, Alabama, to $44 million for a bridge to treasure island and Florida, a plump for the 10th of a district of House of Perpations, Chairman C.W. Bill Young. But more than that, to a degree unseen since their 1995 takeover, the majority Republicans are publicly flooding their poverty use pork for explicitly partisan purposes. Traditionally, the dominant party or else the legislators like the machinery by setting aside a healthy fraction of earmark funds for the minority, this year when a key section of the spending bill, the Republicans got stingy. They were irate when House Democrats voted on mass and July against their version of the annual spending bill for the labor education and health and human services departments, as punishment in the labor health and education provisions of the pending bill, they're denying Democrats the customary minority share of what you, domestically, are known on Capitol Hill as member projects. Increasingly, Republican critics such as Jeff, representative Jeff Flake of Arizona, are isolated voices when they criticize their own party for outdoing the Democrats and lavishing of pork. Republicans ridicule this forever, but now we're in and we'll see how much fun it is, like said, there's no shame anymore. Among his favorites, and I'm going to spend a bill sarcastically that is, 75,000 dollars for a North Pole transit system in Alaska. $200,000 for a program at Cleveland's Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, and $325,000 for a swimming pool in Salinas, California. The office ship of some of your marks is easy to determine. Most of the last items, for example, are inserted into spending bills by Senator Propheation Chairman Ted Stevens and obnoxious Republican from Alaska to benefit his home state. The same is true for Project Champion by Senator Robert Burr, the committee's ranking Democrat for his state West Virginia, but a vast number of your marks are hearted at trace because the legislative language does not identify who's suggested them. Ready for that? No. So while, you know, Rollman is the burning and your oil is fit like an orspendant, your money like it's come out of a faucet, but we can't afford to do this, and we can't afford to do that. And the new Medicare bill of course leaves the old folks out in the in the lurch between two and five grand. We're going to the moon. Boy, if we could just fight away, remember the Chinese displacement? Yeah, maybe we could have some fellow passengers for them. Are they all seeing Duitslando Barralis together on a way up? Global warming could submerge three large Indian cities. Here's another example of the kind of fairy tales you get from this administration. I think it's appropriate that the religious nuts and these people are like all tied in together because they specialize in spinning fairy tales. Global warming could submerge three of India's biggest cities beneath the sea by 2020, unless the crisis was brought under control in Indian scientists war yesterday. If the warming continues, there'll be about half to one meter increase in sea level by 2020. And cities like Bombay, Calcutta and Madras will be completely submerged, said Rajiv Nigam assigned to the geological oceanography division in the western Indian state of Goa. He said a one meter rise in sea level could cause $147.4 billion worth of damage in property to go out alone. If this is the quantum of damage in a small state like Goa, that has only two districts, imagine instead of property loss in metros like Bombay, he said. He also predicted the global warming could cause frequent cyclones along the coastal areas and affect the annual monsoon rain, which is crucial for India's farm dependent economy. And for those of you who say, well who the hell cares about India? Dursan, I would discuss with you before to show today. Florida will be next since you're three feet above sea level. Right. See? That's not for long. We won't. No. Under the sea. There's no such thing as global warming. Okay. It's just those tree. How is that all about? Just let the big business people just trust them. Okay. They'll do the right thing. Of course they will. Just let them control those emissions. How often you attend religious services? We asked in our second poll today. 258 people have chimed in. Never 149. Rarely 63 that's 82.1%. Only on major holidays 21, very often, religiously 13, 5%, fairly often 12, 4.6%. So we have under 10% of this crowded, like fairly, very into the God squad thing. That's good. We're working on them. Feverly. We're trying to deprogram the amassas out there from all of this crap from believing the word of idiots that lived thousands of years ago that we're so primitive. They didn't know that every time it rained, it was an act of God. And let me say it again, who's going to get the concession on that arc? Man, would you like to have the sanitation concession on that thing? Before the fact that after. 12 minutes after one at five, 60, WD, look at that. The way that phone is now, man. Just like it noon. It's just, you know, that's okay. I got piles here, man. I got piles of stuff, but I thought we'd like intersperserion. Didn't you? Well, I thought that. Quardo. Let me tell you about a great place where they're interspersing great value. We'd great service to name Brand Quality and that's Brand Issues in Pompano Beach. This year's celebrating 25 years of doing you folks' right in South Florida. They got a fantastic slice to mention when the famous brand shoes rock ports. Echoes, Mufisto, Timberland, Clarks, S.A.S. Floreschon, Yuanum, they got them. And no matter how big or smaller feet are, they can fit you perfect because they got all the sizes. Man, 6 to 15 women's five to 12 and which from the very very narrow to the very fat and wide. And with over 40,000 parents stock in their 8,000 square foot mega store, you can get better Ralph Reed's life out of it. Exactly what you're looking for is in stock ready to slap on your foot. Brand Issues, you'll find them in that same great location. 1290 North Edible Highway Pompano Beach, open Monday through Saturday 9 to 9 Sunday, spend the 5 all this wicked Brand Issues, Men's Rockport. Pro Walkers are only 48.90. You can also save up to 57% of the select rock port styles this week at Brand Issues. Stop in the store of visit them on a web at Brand Issues.com. PAVID Yes E G Miss the foot Assing An Old Head Over Your To-Bo cruise For You And You We Learn Play Everywhere Everywhere Uh-uh If And That's How From Come Take your Up Sun The Coming The This is made of water to power, to chew, I got a few complaints. How the heck I suppose to eat the one time full of food. If when you forget to give me a present, fool you fool. What is this? Why you don't give me a present, kid? What's the present? The food is a secret. This is going to be a real past, right? You're left out by the pork, right, raised? What are you thinking stupid? So, Todd, chronic Todd and Hollywood says if Bush wants to go to the moon, speak of that bit, why doesn't he move to Arizona with the rest of the scene now, old Farts in America? Just wondering says, Todd, good question. And soon. One killed is the uptown theater collapses, this from the Toronto star. The rear of portion of the old uptown theater in downtown Toronto collapsed this morning, Caving in the roof at adjacent building, killing one person and camping others in the rubble. According to Toronto Fire Chief, those two were 14 people who have been pulled from the rubble and sent a hospital for treatment. One of the person is still trapped inside place, but only say that the ceased is a male who was confirmed dead at the scene. Claps have intent 30 this morning while demolishing crews are working on tearing down the shuttered Toronto landmark. I just hear the difference between the real story and CNN which says, Oh, cause of the collapse isn't known. Right. The rear portion of the old uptown theater in downtown Toronto collapsed this morning, Caving in the roof of an adjacent building towards it, while demolishing crews were working on tearing down the shuttered building. Got it? Is it difficult to understand why it came in? Could you go over it again? Yeah, just in case anybody from the Miami CNN bureau is listening, you idiots, you've had all the Toronto firefighters and police on there on the air. Why can't they get it straight? Remember what I was telling you last week about reading the crawl on the air on CNN. Don't think you're ever going to get anything remotely close to reality on that. Assholes. Kind of these suck. Do they? NRA looks to buy media outlet and be exempt from election rules. Speaking of right wing assholes. Hoping this bet as much as it wants on next year's elections, the National Rifle Association is looking to buy a television or radio station and declare that it should be treated as a news organization, exempt from spending limits in the campaign finance law. Just look at for a little bit of a loophole, and we're looking at bringing a court case that we're a legitimate media. Let us disney or buy a camera time Warner. The NRA's executive vice president, the goofy Wayne Lava Lava Lava Lava, a lot of year, it's only AP. Why should they have an exclusive right to relay information in the public? And why should not NRA be considered as a legitimate news sources? They are. That's never been explored legally. He said an interview. The nation's gun lobby is talking with potential investors about an NRA broadcast outlet and is considering all possible funding sources, including gun manufacturers, law peers. If the NRA were to be considered a media organization, it would be free to say what it wanted about candidates at any time and spend corporate money to do so such as for commercials. The right wing group financed in part with corporate money is now banned on the campaign finance law for money ads just before election that mentioned federal candidates were on state's ballots. The 4 million member group has long been one of what Washington's most powerful and unshised lobbies It has spent millions of dollars over the years trying to influence election toward candidates who oppose gun controls and support the position that Americans have an incontestable right to be wrongs and are just as crazy or gun nuts as they are. How do you like that? Eh, whatever. 560560. The reason that we're not getting a lot of response now is because we're not spending all of our time be moaning the dolphin laws yesterday, crying up a storm and number, in fact, I'm taking great delight in it. Number two, all of that out of shape because the Marlon said, Pudge packing. What's that too late? You could start. Start one. There's not a call on a board there. We're doing screenless and there's nobody even on there because that's what we should be talking about today to satisfy the stuff floor to audience. Yeah, 560 last call for calls man, 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. And if you think I'm taking that line six for us, you'd dream of. WQAM. WQAM. I got something to say. Who are I locked my bra? I locked it in my boyfriend car. WQAM. Oh, hey, Neil, good afternoon and happy holidays. Happy holidays to you, sir. It sounds like the folks are off to an early start. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. That's what I was talking to you thing. It's going on down here and south Florida. The sky is so falling. Yeah. The sky is still falling. He's turning up the radio so he can squeeze himself out. Here's the sound of his own voice. Wow, that was quick. Hello, Neil. I'm pissed off about a couple things. Go right ahead. Pull it off. First of all, I think why the hell they let wants that compact man. It should have buried his ass over there in the snow up north. Second of all, when you acquired his ass right after that game sir. In half time during the half time festivities, I would have took him out in the middle of the field of fire. That's right. Right on the field front of you made a address on the PA system and thrown snowballs at him. Absolutely correct sir. I'm really pissed off at is that why is that in every other country when the government does something that the people are opposed to. They go out of masses and they go and complain and they close the streets down there and over here, but just sit down and like has their thumbs up their ass or something. I don't know. They're too busy looking for bargains, man. They're shopping till they drop on a day. They want that blows, which is good for the Patriots by the way. We're delighted to see him getting out coach week after week. Most of the time except on a plane like a little girl's team or team that doesn't show up on a given day. 560. 560. Man, get the smelling sauce for that baby. WDQ. Hello. Yes sir. Yes I am. Good afternoon sir. Mary Christmas. That's the best thing that could happen to that man. I'm a seasoned chicken holder. I'm a fan and I want David here so bad. I didn't want him from day one. He makes me sick. And watch that game on my father and he said, once that's either Danish or German. He's saying he's pop. He doesn't have an app to be German. He's got a man here. Okay. See they are a roper. They want to spend the entire day. We blew it today, man. We should have done the whole thing on it. You can take a nap. Sure. I got a pillar. Right. What else is new? Oh, seriously. We could have done the whole damn thing on. Let's, what's the story? What's the problem? It's important stuff. It's like, yeah. I mean, when you, are we cursed in South Florida, George? We're a cursed man. First of all, a dolphin just don't even show up and just an enema. Excuse for our offensive. No, we're in a snow and a game of the century for them. We don't even put a single point out of board, which is kind of hard and football to put one point out of board. But nevertheless, none zero, a goose egg. And then we find out last night that the deadline comes and goes into Marlins and sent Pudge Packing. All you wanted was like 100 million a game, something like that, to keep feeding his fat ass. I, you know, I would tell you, you know how I feel about the sports nerds, but you know the ones that really piss me off more than any. Are the ones who try to justify the greed that is caused so many of us to like just abandon sports period. I'm about 90%. I know them. They still support. Oh, you're wrong about that. New y'all. These guys go out there and they have to go to training above above and they have to ride. It's a month old birthday for like 15 and 20 million a year. And let me say it again, which I noticed we have an at one call about the NHL, those phony attendance figures and how they panthers and try to goose up the numbers. And press jury, bed and who the hell are you people kid man? Alan Cohen, you may be a nice guy never met the guy, but you what you know about running a hockey club. You could stick up Wayne's ass never for the Chinese army left over and all the blockbuster stores too, which you can stick in there and the auto nation franchises as well. Who the hell are you guys kid? They are drawn flies to that place and so what they're doing to every season ticket order, give it away offering free tickets for one game. So they're thinking and they're even bleeding up to 10. Oh, well, we want to put on a good show. So, give commissioner Bettmanal think that we really have some interest here that this is a viable franchise. Right. 127 at five 60 WDQ and why not let the number one Asian buffet restaurant able coast to all looking for this holiday season. Reserve your holiday party now. And McCows can accommodate even the largest groups. Stuff start out that Mothrodri. See, I'm already tongue-tied just from thinking about it. Start that Mothrodri eating spritz with six different soups or whichever ones you like. And then sample dozens of suck on on trades near strip made order. There's sizzling Asian grill along with their brand new seafoods and jok. Enjoy oysters on a half-shell every night. There's lots more to try the relaskan stone crab middle neck clams. Jumbo shrimp scampy and lobster thermators on a weekend. If you still have room sample their handcar primary plus the new Thai special these two. The animal coast always promotes healthy living. They cook all other fine cuisine with only cholesterol free oils and of course no MSD no starch. No crap. There were fake breaches a full salad bar. The new sushi bar fresh shrimp cocktail. And because you deserve it, the animal coast features a full dessert station. So try to save a little bit of the rumor just jam something your pants. They got Belgian waffles, pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream with all your favorite toppings even fresh fruit. The perfect ending to a gigantic pig out of the animal coast. Three locations for you and some flour. They're on sunrise at Pine Island at 44th Street. Colons seven and just north of 163rd Street north of Mimich and also with the intercession of flamingo and pepper grudes and prestigious pepper pines. So take the whole family or book your next business lunch and ride now for the holidays let the folks do the couldn't forget the animal coast. They got delivery always available to call 9 5 4 5 7 2 38 22 9 5 4 5 7 2 38 22 for the world famous Emerald coast Chinese buffet. mBeik 50 563 E alright U-ER stiff grieving for bitseng Robert Silver. Thumbs up 8 20 1000 0 Quizical center the sins prove for us. N madame journal brawl cloud. They love the ball from goal we go like no one's ever seen They're on the ground that's where they'll stay there never in control and when you say Miami you're talking toilet Older's there the Miami doll Miami doll funds Miami doll funds number Miami doll funds Miami doll funds Don't bet on them you'll always lose They don't know how to tackle they don't know how to block their coaches ought to tell them to put Then they in their jucks Then they would run much faster and even in defeat When we go to the stadium we'll see Miami and there the Miami doll funds Miami doll funds Miami doll funds number How many teams in the lead? Three two Miami doll funds Miami doll funds The team that hasn't got a clue Miami has the dolphins but the dolphins have no fence Just 50,000 assholes Sitting in the stands They watch the game and all they do is mone in gripe vintage I wonder how Joe Robbie got the piece so got them rich and there the Miami doll funds Miami doll funds Miami doll funds number How many teams in the lead? Got any skills Miami doll funds Miami doll funds I hear the crowd begin to boo The dolphins have faith-feet learned that quarter facts that you run down the field And he will throw up past over you I'll never win a super bowl you shouldn't be surprised When he gets cut that doesn't mean that he was circumcised And there the Miami doll funds Miami doll funds Miami doll funds number How many teams in the lead? Two Miami doll funds Miami doll funds She calls his signals in Hebrew The dolphins have no defense and their offenses at Joe Like George Bush eating pretzels You know they're gonna choke They'll always disappoint you when they're in a playoff race With fewer points than Park Marks on high singers of the lead face and there The Miami doll funds Miami doll funds Miami doll funds Number All what the hell 32 Miami doll funds Miami doll funds Miami doll funds Now they're proof Oh Okay everybody feel better now Oh yeah And I'll be along a tube I should be a real wake to 7 Between 2 and 4 my god Woo Anyway how often you attend religious services Maybe you could pray for the dolphins huh? Couldn't hurt they'll need it Monday 116 people on here Never 1707 We never go to church 56% Really 81 25.2 Like I said 82 25.5 Really go to church That's let's see together That's 82 and a half percent 81 and a half percent Only on major holidays 28 Very often I go religiously 16 4.9 percent And fairly often 15 4.6 that's 9.5 percent 9.2 Yeah Not bad huh? I'll take it I'll tell you who's really getting religion to cockroaches You want to know why? Why? The cockroaches are celebrating as the US leads way toward New nuclear arms race That's right It'll be all there is pretty soon The energy of what our appropriations build sound from president bush last week is being celebrated by cockroaches the world over The bill among other things provides funding for research and developing Nuclear weapons with first right capability Oh my god We are now one step closer to nuclear war And if the path we're following is pursued with logical conclusion The information age will be followed by a radioactive cockroach era The tragic irony here is that while the president speaks Storcely about the need to stem the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction His administration is pursuing policies that is likely to inflame the global threat The entire story will be on our website tomorrow From common dreams of a dot word I just mentioned that in passing cockroaches maybe have a party for the holidays 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on it Well listen he's got his policies have to be good for somebody right Right The roaches Another kind of your interest event No never is WQIM Oh yeah I was just wondering Uh Speaking that the dolphins are a little bit of a trouble But we remember what happened with the marlins Maybe we can rally maybe we get over to the panthers Let it all become one big grouping All can rally we can get all three trophies to this There we go Yeah Thank you got your sum on a man Woo I take out take your sum off So he's some pressure He's got to stem on a two tight Yeah let's rally behind the city rally behind a marlins Oh no they just took off and said one and every day by themselves Then all of a sudden when he got into playoffs Then hey that wasn't rallying behind anybody That was jumping out of Van Wagon Only the last few games of the season they had some big crowds When it became obvious that there was something going on there There's something going on with the dolphins all right You can smell it I can smell it right here I can open up the window and tear it Oh man That's that dolphin stench That common or stuff that Mad Dog's talking about That's Dave Wands that just works for a big one 5 6 7 0 5 as far as the Panthers are concerned You notice no comment about that Of course we have like 10 other season ticket holders Maybe more than 10 I'm sure got the same email that I got Oh yeah we want to put a good show on for Gary Bepman a commissioner When it comes to the town So please take advantage of the four free tickets for that game So it looks like there's people are really want to buy tickets for this crap or putting out there Say only four Yeah only four Well I am sure if you ask for more you get all you want Okay Maybe not four tickets maybe like four sections I want to bring my church WQAM Yeah thank God man doesn't live by fours alone Right Amen You being a trouble You know the touch packer Where else is he gonna get his money and now I have to pay a state income tax They're good point I screw him on the center back to Puerto Rico Yeah, okay with his fat ass Thank you. Yeah screw him I was whiny comments Yeah the guy is made when he was in Texas he was making millions of minutes I have no idea how much he's made his career But he's made more in his career than and then all of us put together will make it our lifetimes put together Okay no question about it And yet it's still not good enough And why didn't they even offer me in their raise I want the MVP in the series You know cry your ass out of town on the bus Okay Beater Get lost With your big fat ass And your statue your monument to yourself on your front lawn there What a clown And by the way Maybe maybe a few more Hail Mary's in a couple of crossings yourself I'll get you the extra few million next season Yeah that's why he needs to see you didn't do it up Hail Mary's That was his problem Boy was it a problem? I hope I got the word What is it? I'm going to say that again Twenty-two or five sixty I'm going to point nothing Would you say I said not on a bad I couldn't I'm just going to sit here I'm not going to do the break I'm just going to sit here and wait I'll wait till the hell freezes over Man it can't even get on today I'm just going to sit here and sit here Oh We're supposed to be in five sixty Oh You a M On the North Korean Food Channel Chef Kim brings us a best in Shaw from West Ninsda Kim's K9 cuisine features Shepherd Soup and a bold up broth Surfed with Kali Colots and fresh pork fries What does a noodle like this fetched nowadays? I don't know Here boy I understand Koli reheats well too Yep, just nuke it off But won't that upset the US government? He's the best in Shaw from West Ninsda To the eighth on the Korean Food Channel I am Asian I am Asian I am Asian I got a great website for you And I can't find it No David Tontas del culo I come Yeah I'm Tanya Okay Last night Really? Yeah Tontas del culo All on word.com He'll keep you busy while you're sitting there Red for praises read but blast bushes energy bill in Nevada stop Robert Red for an active at long time conservation is Robert Redford Criticized the Bush administration's energy legislation Collegate one of the worst bills he seen in his lifetime At a news conference before attending a fundraiser for democratic Nevada Seminary Read Redford said the bill was flawed from the start since it was designed behind closed doors By vice president Dick Tainee in oil industry executives It is one of the greatest discourses of my time read for it today It's a bad bill a horrible bill Said Bobby I believe that now for my lifetime I've never known a time more threatening Endangers to the American people at large of the country large on a wide range of issues he added Redford said the legislation places too much dependence on fossil fuels And on out not enough stress and alternative energy sources and conservation measures Republican co-wrestle is about to be turned the measure early next year after failing two senate votes sort of a two vote sending a bill to Bush November I Do like that Even though he read for nose The nose nose 567.0560 pound five 60 come on let's let's can early start here calling right now It's start the morning the dolphin and the punch back enough Chica through such that he's see there you go grab one I'm just reading for the stuff on this that I told it but I'm telling you can I put my figure on it or what oh I don't want to put my figure on too much of that. I want to see in there 567.0560 We're doing screenless and it's desperate it must be the holidays or maybe they want to talk about important stuff I doubt it. Thank you Can you Speak to me Speaking We're going to see what happened to his brother You know we had to answer wasn't his brother was his son get a right God So many stupid people in so little time you see what happened to his brother We had the story on three hours ago sir and it wasn't his brother was his son and it wasn't the first time It was the second DUI okay. I just mentioned that in passing Just do what happened to his brother and long Oh God I'm sitting here and we're like change the world on WQAM in Miami We're going to change the world I've all the problems in the world Right here before two o'clock no less WQAM I can speak to me Speaking Speaking Oh Neil I'm sorry It's okay. Don't be sorry please It's just the day and I was it just things are going to only two and three months ago They're going to live in a blessed city with the money and the fins and the fins Right Now it's a piece of crap. Thank God. I'm not there man Oh I'm telling you you just go lucky to be in Toronto Right amen Please come on eight and row by the way and a raptor's sworn a row I don't want to rub it in But anyway goodbye to fuck Okay Yeah they'll punch pack for you, punch, don't be more happy to pack you Now what what are the Puerto Ricans eat and watch your language What's their specialty? I'm afraid I wouldn't know Yeah, what is there like a cuisine? I mean Canada of course we don't have much of cuisine like Canadian bacon and the backseat I mean a lot of y'all I mean you know not much but Puerto Ricans what is their thing? One will have to call and tell you We'll have to talk to a weekend maybe we can work on it tomorrow Hey Ralph Yeah, right that's right PR Ralph can a fact is tomorrow Let's know what the Puerto Ricans eat that we can see on the year In fact, I think you're looking at some of it on our website It's I am W W Q AM Yes, thanks to the doctor Laura please Speaking she's right here Woody Yeah The anxious Woody W Q AM hello Yeah Yeah, Neil Yes sir Yeah, I'm calling about I don't remember a few remember someone they live ready back that So it's on a rump so that idiot compared to the liberation of Paris And you're more too I hear it I hear it I hear it I hear it I hear it I hear it Yeah But these guys just we didn't remind them to welcome us with candy and flowers We forgot to remind them before we started bombing That was the problem Have a great day paly Yeah, they're going to welcome us with open arms and open barrels And if they're doing other dead American soldier and Mosul they're not talking about that too much for some strange reason In the media they just put it as a crawl on the bottom of the screen Not even a news to anymore We had one person die here in Toronto I mean it's an unfortunate thing Would it collapse to that old theater that they were tearing down But the fact that it matter is wouldn't you think that when an American soldier dies in Iraq It's a much bigger story than some little cave in building in Toronto To the rest of the world I would certainly think so wouldn't you Everybody with a half a brain You're not seeing it in Certainly not news network Because they're part and parcel the goddamn problem And then they put on their dog and pony show there with mother Tucker Carlson And Paul the gala You know, the right and all the contests Controversy, all I missed to we go all of that crap And it's all just a bunch of stage crap Or like the days when no back is on have you ever seen many hosts that show or when he's on there No really really The when when you see what a great journalist and broadcaster He isn't it gets to the end of the show And of course he's got that angry look on his head Join us again tomorrow for another dish of crossfire I mean They should gong him off the stage That's right And the gong showed it to gong his ass off And And what are we all fake pony try to be like a oh please All just show business to take in serious stuff People are dying who shouldn't be dying every goddamn day The whole world isn't a balance of it And they got a goddamn dog and pony show I'd rather watch the goddamn Westminster camera call myself The crap's fake she's only got one eye I'm a co-peeteep, big tailman, Ellen Chale, Hall of Merds and Unic Algebra on a G.E Northrop and Ron MCI, World Tom, Faker and Bots, K.L.R. and Jeremy Kees And log ground in root, Carl Island, the Rending Group, Murder Docs, Fox News and Reuters on Young Bull Choice point democracy by gay to face technologies Chuck A.G.E, old black and out your vote George Bush is a liar Explaining 911 and poor global empire George Bush is a liar And tasty on a legit, big by now black defyers Big, shady, wolf-a-wish, Richard, Pearl and other dick Andrew Card, Carl, Rob and Mark Reticic Co Awww, he'll Bush can't Bush, George P and Daddy Bush Christ and Uncle Lump and Noel, not to mention Margot Trader Bob Null, back, stepsie, IA in the back Runsville says, all is well and others soldier died Oh, I'll smoke and dem a crack in the mail they get in Thracks, iron a hat, well stoned, and before their time George Bush is a liar Like all his heart, with me, oh, condo, that's hard on George Bush is a liar And the sin is for me, we have, as you believe And the George Bush is a liar The song is something that'll never get on to your channel George Bush is a liar The traitor and the lady in a criminal piece George Bush is a liar A liar, a liar, a liar, a liar, a liar And so we'll incorrect the song 156 and 560 WQAM, so we have, I'll tell you, Arizona Ballman, since you whip them in a shave Hmm? You know, let's worry about the cockroaches I sent a tomb to put on tomorrow's website He's got it on there now I shone gunsolves about the cockroaches He'll be celebrating All right Once we see that gigantic mushroom cloud baby I kind of like mushroom a soup myself more than the mushroom cloud There mushroom soup Hmm, nothing like it 365 people have registered godliness or lack thereof on a poll How often you attend religious services And the reason I took that poll today was because Only 7.5% of the audience on a poll we took over the weekend Said the one thing they disagree with me most about is religion Only 7.5% Which I thought was pretty dang good 206 of you say you never go to religious services never 56.2% to which I commend you highly I mean you could sit around ticking your nose And spend your time more productively and enjoyably Just don't bleed Right, rarely 92 25.1% That's 81.3% either never or rarely attend services Only on major holidays 31, so it is 8.4 So what's that 81.3 and 8.4 is 80 is 90.3 Or 7, something like that right? I don't know, take your word for it Spirally, I can tell you exactly what it is because it's 90% Because the 10% are like a fairly often 19 and very often religiously 18 So that's 10% got it got it Out of 360 success promising man Now if you just spread the word that guy before talking about spreading the dolphin The marlin thing and the panthers spread this Spread your cheeks, he's got a lot of practice No doubt I'll tell you who's a real asshole speaking of that Yeah I'll tell you, Bill Mar is not only is he in a poor man's dick Kevin Bill Mar is comedy for people who are too stupid to understand L Franken and Michael Moore, okay? See what I'm saying? He's an idiot He's an idiot He's an idiot He's an idiot He wasn't he the one at wrote that book if you write a loan You're writing with son and with the Osama I don't know Some crap like that Shoulda's where a lot of pancake though I know that Oh man, it's he a moron What a and he's never said anything funny in his life He's not interesting, he's not witty He's a little nerd, a little nebish Bill Mar has made another stab at career suicide Reports the New York Daily News The Bush-Bash and Comics done some of Hollywood's most powerful liberals by joking about Bill Clinton's sexual indiscretions And a benefit honoring Senator Swiller McClinton New York's junior senator was accepting an Oceana partner's ward now Last Wednesday for a work on environmental issues My RMC the event which is also honoring a marine explorer Jean Michael Cousteau As well as Ron Howard and his imagined partner Brian Glazer Among the unamused in the audience, Roche and a board member Ted Denson Leo de Caprio, High Leo, keep her subtle and dying lane Josh Brolen, Jake Gil and a hall Wasn't he an Movie with the little munchkin's And her cursed and dunce normally are in Jeffrey Katsenberg Mar began bringing up Bill Clinton's blow jobs With a hoover sitting right there in front of him eating her chickens As a witness, it was just cruel Ted Denson's wife Mary Steenberg And his longtime friend of the senators I can't believe they approved this crap The former president of the show now, there was listed as co-chairman of the event Which was a 600 grand Mar also to Fishata Cousteau Stepping, that must feel great getting a 1-quarter standing ovation Cousteau walked out of the building Shortly afterward Representatives for Denson and Clinton had no comment Other than to say, oh that Mar, he's an astronaut Okay, the mad dog is time to say taps Baby, the dolphin season is over, it's history It was ugly, it was predictable, it was pathetic Bye bye, bye!