Why the you've breasted? The story is funny. This weekend, going to the rack here and... Let me ask, here we go. Okay, so what was the maxest dungeon world? To the world! Coming to the bunch of light is courtesy of Bulmuebe Strong Survived. Set an X-ray duration sign I say, and the owner digger, and violate the X-ers of Evol. In a steel cage, dead lumberjack match. Also scheduled to appear. Color up, open mouth, and stone dead sea vustin. On wishful horror. Can you smell what Steve Seren is cooking? The Sunder! Sunder! Sunder! The crowd will shake the world, will we? When the atomic hunger. Of any anthrax, big alkydame, Mr. Mustard, and gold, murdering the world, heavyweight gentlemen. Feel the sting of a sore loser. In the smallpox battle royale. There is no vaccine. When you catch the Bibi-Beever, of contagious hand-a-hand mortal combat. Though weapons are mass destruction world to world. This weekend! The Bibi-Beever is going to see him. He's a bunch of idiots. I know two at five, 60WCM happy Friday to it. Let me give it a little seminar here, okay? To someone to building a little team to understand the definition of a backstabber. See a backstabber, somebody who scolks around behind the scenes. And like tries to get people canned and create problems for them, and blame other people for their own failures. That's a backstabber. I don't play that game. I kind of like right out here when you open. I'll tell you right to your face. I think you're a pot, you know? I think you're show sucks. Or whatever it is, I want to say about you. I'm just talking general, not anybody specific, follow him to. So I think some people need to have explained to them what the difference is between a backstabber, and somebody who's at least open an honest enough to tell you what they really think. Right to your post. Follow what I'm saying, Mo, and by the way, as far as Zach is concerned, watch you back, because when I come in this morning, there are notes posted all up and down the hallway. So everybody must be on to this now. Saying, watch your backstack, you're going to be next. I guess the deal is he's the next scapegoat for the morning's bad ratings because he hasn't got Mo enough good guests. That's what I'm hearing. Now let's see, we had Carolyn, the beast who's unprofessional, which we saw yesterday would have this terrible display on the update. And now it's going to be Zach now. Zach, who happens to be an okay guy, but he can't afford not to be working for like even five minutes. Because to maintain that girth, he needs to continue to shuffling it in there. I have never any time that I've been here. And I walk around that corner to go take a leak, which is the only time I dare rent her out in the hallway there. I don't want to trip over that bag. But he's shuffling it down in there. Maybe it's stress eating. You know, a lot of us fat people, we understand what that's all about. A stress eating. Poor Nell Carter, if she would have cut that out. You know, Nell Carter? She died. Yeah. Nell Carter 54, everybody like Nell Carter, she was like fun. But then again, fat. Diabetes? She had a brain aneurysm a few years ago. The fun people are the fat people and the fat people are the dead people. That's right. Nell Carter 54, TV and Broadway star died yesterday suddenly. Found by one of her 13 year old sons and girb-ly hills. And she died. Yeah. Also, you're good co-sphre and fallen for a Myers. Who sent you those holiday cards? Yeah. Which he asked, did you get them? Yes, he did. I got them in the stickers and everything. You got all your stickers. It says not sure if you heard about this, speaking of people dying. With all of the sadness and trauma in the world at the moment, it's worth reflecting on the death of a very important person, which almost went unnoticed last week. It passed by us and we apologize for that profusely. Guess who died, George? I give up. Larry LaPries. Who? Well, see, it would know him by name. The man who wrote the song, in fact, Wayne High Pingers, probably in morning right now too, because it was one of Wayne's favorite songs. The hokey, pokey. Oh, no. Oh, no. died peacefully at age 93. He died? Yeah. The most traumatic part for his family was getting him into the coffin. It says they put his left foot in, and then the trouble started. Oh, no. That's bad, Paul. That's really bad. You know, if you'd be laughing right now. Yeah, that's hysterical. Oh, Paul and Fort Myers, what time is your show on? As a matter of fact, hey, hey, don't you listen, Clarence? Or something about his left foot in and then the trouble started. He was doing the hokey, pokey. He just didn't want to go all the way in there. And Wayne High Pinger. Remember when Wayne High Pinger was doing the hokey, pokey at the Marlins games, way back in the beginning? Yeah. Oh, my God. It was hokey and they ought to stick his ass into pokey. Let's talk about the Marlins. No. Okay. How's the pull come out from yesterday? And boy, you talk about psychic abilities again. By the way, is it cold? You just wait till I get started on those assholes. You know, you people, I don't watch the other channels, so they probably just is bad. You people at Channel 4 News Need Mental Help. Freeze warning, and they've got the graphic in the bottom right hand where they got the 4, you know, and with the temperature and with the icicles coming down below. The icicles on your testicles. Oh, it's going to be so cold. Now I can understand for the farmers, you know? I'm not insensitive to the agricultural or crowd out there in the great pickers or whatever, but we don't have grapes. What are the lettuce pickers? Stubbaries, whatever they're picking, those pickers. But I mean, for the rest of us, so it was cold. Wow. And the meantime, you look at up north, for example, in Toronto, like 85 degrees below zero Celsius, whatever it is. When it's seriously, when she'll like minus 29, they're not into panic about it. It's cold. Say, put on a coat or a sweater or both, and the life goes on. Have any trouble starting your vehicle this morning? No, I was dead. No. I'll always slip through a red light. No, my God. See, the people here, when you think about under the ideal circumstances on dry. Pavement. Can you imagine most of these people trying to drive up north on the snow and ice? Can you even begin to imagine that? Oh, and he starts pitching a little bit. So there's one problem on the, I don't know who he is. One of Brian's underlings there, the weather fur is underlings a channel for. He's going on about keeping mind the three peas. And of course, we know what the three peas are at channel for in all the other stations. Here panic, panic, panic, panic, panic, panic. It's a freezer, oh my God. What are we going to do? It's going to be cold for a couple of nights. I don't know. We closed the windows. Did you? Yeah. I walked out this morning, got my papers, no jacket. And he always cold. And our hustle back in the house, and I could say I lingered out there. But I didn't like getting him up to pneumonia. I didn't turn into a human icicle. But it's going to be cold folks. This is someplace. Anyway, the result is yesterday's pool. And I said my psychic powers. And I go home, I turn on the news. Bob Graham's having heart surgery. Heart surgery for Governor Bob. So he may have he's going to reevaluate after they put the pieces of his heart back together. And going to reevaluate and March, you may have to drop out or not. We'll see. We asked yesterday who would you prefer to be the Democratic presidential candidate in 2004. 1165 votes on that and speaking of votes. Look at the way I'll present. His popularity is dropping like a rock from the top of the imparted state building. Man. Just drop and real fast now as the people are finally starting to catch on. Nobody has two nickels to rub together. People are starting to get real antsy about this war that he's insisting on getting going. On interestingly enough, a couple of things we talked about yesterday, including his appointee to the White House AIDS panel, while they just changed their mind. That's right. Jerry Thacker. Good bye, Jerry. Oh, okay. See ya. We'll get in with that. Also, that's story about the, what are they called of again? Bug chaser. Bug chaser. I also kind of unusual term. That's exactly what they call the bug chaser. Come to find out just like I told you, the guy who planted all the seeds for that ruling story says, Oh, I just made it up. He said it might be one or two crazy people like that. Trying to get infected with HIV. But he doesn't know. He doesn't know. And he couldn't know. I'll get to that too. But it's, uh, that's the popular thing nowadays. You got to bash somebody. Let me 165 Ots yesterday to pull. Don't care. They all suck 297. 5gb 263. This is before we knew about his heart. Don't care. I'll vote for Bush regardless. 212 are usual 18.1%. And that interesting our consistent that number is. You may not be good, but at least you're consistent. Oh, John. Oh, and I'll speak in a bush. Jet bush is out of the closet. Now it is devious plants to subvert the, uh, classized amendment. And they still don't care. Now they still don't care. Well, that's just the way it is. Good car's lot of money. John carry 139. It may be scary to some, but scary. Carry. War hero. Good guy. Al Sharpen 55. That's scary. John Edwards 51 dick. Gibhard 34. Isn't that a little bit, this concerning to you? Because if the last thing we need, it's another dick in the White House. Gary Hart 31. Howard Dean 29. They say Howard Dean was very impressive out there in Iowa that he was the most impressive of all the candidates speaking. Everybody was just that he really tells it like it is. Doesn't pull any punches. So here's another guy that could come from obscurity, just like some others have done and who knows. Uh, Julie Roman only 24. We're delighted to see that. Oh, Chris Dodd 17, even though George has no ID who that is. And General Wesley Clark had 13. 1172 votes pretty good that we sponsor there. Yesterday's pool, which was kind of like limiting because let's face it. We got a lot of people out there to say, FAT. It's politics. We don't care. Although a lot of people did say that was the number one they all suck. They all suck at work pain or wicked price for it. Now the poll today is going to be when we get around to it in a couple minutes. The poll today is going to be the final runoff and George would be delighted to hear more. The experiment only 24 we're delighted to see that. Chris Dodd 17, even though George has no ID who that is. And General Wesley Clark had 13. 1172 votes pretty good that we sponsor there. Yesterday's pool, which was kind of like limiting because let's face it. You know, so it's not of any interest to them. Ah, here's all these old funny studies. You know, living in the pet. That's okay. So bad reminiscent of our good stuff. It's not like, but are we done taking names? Are we doing the runoff today? The runoff is on the pool, but I'm just, this isn't like rocket science. This isn't going to go down in the Smithsonian Institute of Broadchasing. This is just for fun. Oh, I forgot that's right since you've been working here. Fun is any head at the second kid. Fun is no longer in George's vocabulary. Remember what it used to be like, probably not. No. What about your book? WQA in the out of business line. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. What about the... And a cold, though, isn't it? That is cold. Oh, man, if I were you, I'd be real careful. I got my gloves on. Okay. What about the K-pop tree? Had it. Okay, before there was a limb dilemma before there was... Had those two, Woody. So anyway, you know, speaking of gloves on. The weather for you had her gloves on last night. Just see that you probably don't watch a channel for now. I do watch, sir. She had the black leather gloves and I was thinking, how soon before the whip and the chains come out, too, you know? Below the desk. It would have been bad if they wheeled out and bishops body right there out of the set. It would have been that spec by the way. Oh, the internet is back and I can't look at Tom Brady on my... Desktop here anymore. I had the cursor right out of his crouching for the second time this morning it worked. It's all I have to do is put the cursor right. My internet is not back and glad that yours is. But my name's doing... Oh, there it is. Just a little reluctant. Just a little under reluctant side. And there is the pool. Nice going, Eric. What's your favorite South Florida business that's no longer around? This is the final. This is our runoff after three days of herniatic efforts, which got George Reesai County because no building was fine, but building how buttering it's not. Oh, all of a sudden business they were talking about yesterday in the Grove that they're going to put the big condo complex. Which I never heard of before because the Grove isn't exactly my territory, primarily because it's in Dave County. What's the name is it begins with a tea, like a big bar. A big bar in the interview with some of the patrons. They were really pissed off. I had a strike at a place that I had a place that I had. One guy in it was 14 sheets to the wind. You didn't see that? You better start paying attention. You don't know who Chris Dodd is. You don't know about the great watering hole there in the Grove. In fact, one moment was on her saying, this is the Grove this place. And I'm thinking to myself, if that's the Grove, I thought like me fair was the Grove. I thought the railroad tracks were the Grove. I thought Jack Campbell's house was the Grove. Huh? What? You better get with it like I said. No wonder the people out there are starting to turn on you. No wonder Greg hates you like poisons. Okay, let me. The tavern. Thank you very much. Thank you Carlos. Carlos, do that. He looked it up. Oh, he looked it up. Oh, he didn't cheating. That's cheating. Chaining. Chaining Carlos. This is one of my clients. Chaining. Chaining Carlos. This is one of my clients. Put the big DQ next to his paycheck. Oh, today's payday by the way. Haven't seen Clarence yet with a paycheck or maybe a bonus check, which may or may not be in today. Haven't seen Carl. Him with anything. Which of course, that's the, that's when he becomes our hero. Clarence is on payday, or at least mine. Haven't seen him yet. So I'm off. Had his leather jacket on. He's getting ready for his big debut of penis talk this Sunday at 6 to midnight. Let's see. I'm going to vote for one. I'll just vote for one for fun. Okay, not that it makes any difference. Just to get it started. So I can see what's going on. The pull is up on the arraggies.com. This is the final run off. And what we're going to do is whichever business wins, we're going to like we build it. Huh? I think that's a great idea. Don't you like that? With your money. No, I would buy money with my precious money. With Rimmer's money. Look, look at that. It's up. Eastern Airlines got a pair of unos pizzas got to. And it's just when up there moments ago. I'm not telling you why voted for. I didn't just put punch one. Vouchers proposed to reduce class sizes Governor says it's cost effective. Yeah. Sinking a dramatic expansion of one of the most controversial measures of his administration. Governor Jevster Bush proposed yesterday allowing local school districts to offer private school vouchers to students that overcrowded classrooms. Is this what the people voted for in that amendment? No. Is there any relationship to what they voted for? No. It's a cost effective way of dealing with this issue. He said many districts won't take it. But so what? Scrum is what I guess he meant. The option ought to be there for them to consider. The politically charged proposal which drew immediate fire from Democrats in the sponsor of the class size measure US representative Kendrick Meek was just one of more than a dozen suggestions of the governor media today is he unveiled a vision of how the state should move ahead on the class cap measure. If there was any evidence of a devious plan as he referred to before the election to undermine class size, this would be one of them. A quick senator Debbie Wasserman Schultz Democrat of Pembroke Pymns. It's totally inappropriate to empty classrooms by sending kids to private schools. That is not what the voters voted for under any stretch. So there you go again. And you people wanted a man you put him right back in there. He told you was going to do this. He told you was going to stick into eating. Give it to him. What you voted on it amendment. He over. This is the education governor. And the public they just can't. They can't handle. Man. Who would know how does he kid. Evidently a lot of folks. Because it's bush country. In fact, I think bomb Graham auto one for governor and president. You put you this hard put back together again. Don't you governor senator and president because senator he'll keep up what's his name. Mayor Pingo Picania governor we can get with a jab bush and then no for all president. He can only hit three orifices all at once. And with those BDIs his man he could scare him all in the shape. 927 at 560 WCM and he left the house this morning freezing your ass off. Do you know how dirty your car was? You didn't have time to wash it. No so-called car washes it gas stations just can't get it done right. Well, here's a great idea for it. Take. Keep up what's his name. Mayor Pingo Picania governor we can get with a jab bush and then no for all president. He can only hit three orifices all at once. And with those BDIs his man he could scare him all in the shape. 927 at 560 WCM and the wife of president of the house for a presidential lead. As with strong his name under pressure after characterizing the disease as he gave play along with other anti-homosexual statements. The administration had chosen Jerry Thacker to serve on the presidential advisory commission on HIV and AIDS. He was to be sworn in along with a new commission members next week by HHS services secretary. Cheesehead Tommy Thompson. Yesterday however Thacker was sending a letter signally he would not accept the appointment administration official said, Why not wait to hear this? Why not press secretary Ari Fleisher while need a confirming or denying the withdrawal? It should have stern rebuked a factory statements. The views that he holds are far far remote from what the president believes Fleisher said. The president has a total opposite view. The president's view is that people will need to be treated with caring compassion. How do you like that? Thacker, a graduate of Bob Jones University has found over the Septer Institute and one point is biography on the Septer website refer to AIDS as the gay plague in alcohol's AIDS a plague. Thacker's referred to gay people as practicing a death style rather than lifestyle and is described homosexual abuse a sin that can be cured by Christianity. Yati, yati, yati, yati. There you go, but the good news is he's out. Oh! Because the heat got turned up too high. You know what I'm saying? And I replaced your rubbed his bald spot and said, Ah, they did us! Did he not us? Is it back up yet or not? Yes, yes. Oh, why didn't you tell me that all the quiet reading? What are reading? I was much more enjoying out of the corner. You think I can't see Tom Brady's crotch out of the corner of my eye? While I'm reading at the same time? Oh, no, what do you don't read stuff on here? We saw the fact that you're boring. It's 24-10 at 5-16 WQA and what's in and Tom the Rose if you keep talking. She's not going to listen. Maybe we can send Tom to Rose to the Emerald Coast, although I wouldn't wish that on them. But if you're not on the Emerald Coast, you'll see a lot of big tubby fat people in there. But you'll also see skinny people and medium people. All kinds of people with just a great appetite for delicious good food. Any buffet you go to does always big rotundescusting, you know what I'm talking about? Yeah. I mean enormous people. Like Zack for example. Start your mouth water yet. Don't be picking on Zack? Are you start kind of making other Zack attack? Who's going to get it in the back if you don't watch it? Start your mouth watering your spirits with six different kinds of soups you can have some of them all of them whatever you want. And then sampled dozens and zillions of delicious and raise everything as fresh. It doesn't sit out there getting like mushy and lumpy for hours. It's all fresh. They got Oriental Surf and Turf on the weekends. New York Stips Take made a word with a gourmet set or a sizzling Asian grilled, featuring Terriaki Steak, shrimp, chicken seafood, handcar, parmib, the Amocose promotes healthy living to they Don't use any MSG. No cornstarch, no crap. In fact, these only cholesterol free oils and other cooking. The buffet features a full salad bar, new sushi bar, and fresh shrimp cocktail too. And Amocose famous lobster feces back featuring lobster thermators and lobster bisc. One requirement at the Amocose leaves some room if you can for dessert because what a great dessert bar, featuring phenomenal things, pies and cakes, pastries, ice cream and all your favorite toppings. Fresh fruit to even be having watermelon most of the time. Amocose to find them and sunrise the original location in sampleda, pine island of 44th Street. They're on Collins Avenue just north of 163rd in north Miami Beach which used to be a great place. And at the intersection of Flamengo and Pembroke's and Pembroke's, and Pembroke's, and most of the time, we'll take on the dessertable too. And when you go in there, be sure to check out the brand new Oriental Chicken salad as well. Amocose for reservations for information called 9.5.4. 5.7.2.38.22. 9.5.4.5.7.2.38.22. Tell that skipy said to the Amocose Chinese buffet. I am all this which we're in the United States. You weigh yeah. Much enlarging in the bag. Hello. Hello. Hello. Tell me what's the name? Who's this to make? No, this is the wife. Tell me. I'd like to speak with Tommy Betoya. Hello. Tell me what's the name? What do you call this? No. No, no, no. Taliya. Let me talk to the devil. Please hold. Tommy. Tommy. Yeah. Tommy. What is it? You got the phone. Oh. Oh. Hello. Tommy Betoya. Speaking, this is Michael Jackson. You lost your job. You lost your job. Oh. Oh. Hey, I didn't lose my job. I stepped down. Or sure. You want to paint the picture. Whatever you have to tell yourself in order to save some sort of face you do it. But you will lost your job. You know, actually it's kind of nice to hear your voice. What? Kind of nice to hear anybody's voice. What are you talking about? Neckles and I'm so sorry. Can you hear that? That's my Mexican wife. Let me tell you. It was cute for maybe five ten minutes a day. But if I got to stay home on earth every day, I'm going to go crazy. You're getting your job. You're getting your justice. Search Tommy Betoya that devil. All we do is eat Mexican food. Chimmi Changa's burritos, toastinos. I got more dancing. And you deserve to have the bloat. Listen, Michael. I'll reserve for somewhere. I'll start another label. Sure you would. So you can destroy the career of other budding artists. Are we going to Chevy? Yes, honey. We're going to Chevy. Thank you very much. All right. Oh, cheese. If it's not Chevy's. It's cheese. If it's not cheese, it's a what's that driving place? I don't know what you're talking about. I called to be way too. And all I'm getting is dribble and chimmy Changa. Mmm. Mmm. At minute. I was to reason you were forced to be fired. Right. I know because I'm very, very, very devilish. Mmm. I want to live in a mess. I want to live in America. All right. Hey, look, Mikey. I gotta go. I gotta take over the Taco Bell. Chevy. Okay. Chevy, you want to come with us? No, I don't want to be seen with you. You are the devil. So at this point, I am finding myself having some sympathy for you. All right. All right. All right. All right. I gotta go to Mikey. Let me tell you something. If I were to find right now after neighborhood would go up. Oh, God. Goodbye. God. Mmm. From so 10 to 5. 560 WQM happy Friday 2. We got the mad dog. Let's see. We got the regular pristine scavenerly. Mad dog at one hand. It's a super bowl of 70. You go through to 630. Oh, yeah. That's right. We got a hockey game tonight. Any interest? No. 630. Shipco Panther preview. 7 o'clock. The panthers had Carolina to play these struggling. Falling rapidly. Huracoons. And then after the hockey game. It's 80K from GA 10 to 2. I would have thought maybe a definitely on trial run for penis talks tonight overnight. You know, like when nobody's listening to the 6 in the morning would be good. Oh, look at what the pool is already. Georgia, I don't want to tip off anybody that there might be a crank vote on there so far. But you told me these are the finals final after a tremendous an exhaustive pit of research on our part. What's your favorite software business that's no longer around? Bobby Maduro Stadium's got 25 votes. Eastern Airlines 14. Six flags at land is waterpark 12. Sunrise musical theaters got nine. Hollywood sport at to aim eight. The playboy club eight. Wolfies five. Who knows pizzas got five. Pumpernix four better. Burton jacks four. A bit of Mr. Eagle voted for that. San most four wags has four topless car wash four. Peaches three. Morrison cafeteria in credible universe. Then we went over to house each have three. Well, these are like early, you know. This game babies hearty shaky's pizza and woman co-theders each have one. One vote or a means to each have a pair. One vote for a male. A man. Grand pre-homing waste day. Barons three guys pizza and Jordan Marsh. With none so far the doll house and pen rides. And the day will come soon. We can do this over again and put the tourists on there. And the people in the grove will be like falling eat all over each other. The steely tell his futures so they can vote 10, 20, 30 times for the tourists. We got real tourists because they're eight no more tourists. That's what they're saying in the grove even the glamour saying that. Very important facts. Oh yeah Jerry Spinger says he's considering one for the US Senate. Good luck for him. Jerry Spinger for the Senate. Oh did you see Spigano above his are people on TV because as soon as that thing, Jerry Spinger think of Oprah for some strange reason. You know it's like afternoon crap that's on here. Did you see the store and CBS news about the fat free gene? And the mice? Fat free jeans? Fat free jeans. Is that's gonna wear them? Nope. On one leg. Poor Zach. Watch your back Zach. Because from what I'm hearing somebody's orchestrating a Zach attack. Oh, but I get some damn good guest under you know what I'm saying? Pat Riley. Rick Riley. The life for Riley? What was his name? Bill Bindex. What was his name on the Shachester of Peach? Chester something Riley. Okay. Way before you were both. Oh no. But long before you were born. And his wife's name was Peg. Anyway, you didn't see the story, but it's incredible. It's unbelievable. It's unbelievable. For years we've been watching with Larmaz Americans have gotten bigger and bigger and bigger and faster like Zach. The rest of the, Dyer warnings about heart disease and diabetes have done a little put it in the National Lappetite and public health experts are at loss at what to do. They're running around like Al Martino. What am I gonna do? And people are slapping when they face. Now listen to this. As CBS News correspondent Elizabeth Kellon reports, researchers at Boston, Jossland Diabetes Center may have the answer. They figured out ways to let mice eat all they want while staying slimming avoiding diabetes and they'll be moderate the same time. And they showed the mice. They showed one of the disease here. They showed the fat, not he wasn't that big, but they showed the fat mouse. They'll kind of like fat boy. And then they showed the very slim trim mouse. And they were eating the same amount. Eating like nonstop. Dr. Ronald Conlow, the research discovered that by knocking out a gene in the mice that controls fat storage, the mice can eat all day long without gaining an ounce. Are you hurtin' at? You can eat all day long. Oh, right Zach is doing there without gaining an ounce. Now I don't want to say that any of us are gluttones. Although some of us absolutely are. And if we ever think it would ever do something like inject like a little genetic engineering in us. Huh? Right. Like, from little splice in our, Wherever they stick it. And then we can do that. Well, what a, just a prospect of that. I go for bananas split right now. Of course, I think it's too late for me. I think what you're already diabetic. You might have a little problem on that. Probably. So like I said, I'll just have the ice cream part. And so they invented cure for that with stem cell research. Oh, yeah. Well, we're not gonna have stem cell research under this bunch. We got in there right now because the Lord don't like that stuff. Okay? The fetus hugger is very angry about that. And so I'll present it to you, of course, as controlled. Manipulated lock stock and bagels by the, right, Wingers he ain't gonna allow that. And Christopher Reeve ain't too happy about it. It said the difference is striking between the mice and their siblings. What are which has been genetically altered and one not? And did we mention about the third baby? The press conference in Toronto, then in Japan, We got a third clone baby. Anybody seen it? Anybody believe it? No. It says, of course, like a calorie free dessert, it sounds too good to be true. The research is after all only in mice, but even obesity experts like Dr. Lewis Aronis say the fine of Gajayne's away. We think about the causes of weight gain. What the study tells us, and then listen to that as very carefully, what the study tells us is that the key factor is how much fat you store, not how much you eat, says Dr. Aronis. Dr. Cong believes there's no reason we can't alter the same genes and people offer a new treatment for the obese. I told you the problem is not eating too much. We need new genes. We need new genes, Mr. And for new genes, we go to the goddamn Madsagras. Now, I'm Milsot, let's mall. Why do people go to their place? I have no idea. I can't for the life of me because they like to walk. Because they like to walk. Well, that's what exercise anyway. You park about two miles away, then you walk inside. And it's kind of fruitless because there's about E2 food courts. So when you go inside, you put all the weight on your, you see what I'm saying? You get all the calories back and then some that you're burned off walking to 14 miles to go inside. Although then you have to walk another 14 to get back to your car. It says we have a chance, we do have a chance, we got a shot. Like Jimmy said, we got a shot. You find ways to alter the metabolism of fat, such that you could eat and not get fat, said con. Oh, there are people in this audience right now who are just salivating at the prospect. In fact, there are probably many of them running to the refrigerator and say, well, let's get a head start. We don't have the gene in this yet, but let's start now. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, it says if such talk technology is available to people someday, what are give us license to everything inside? What a healthy, die-nature-sized become casual, these are magic pills. Dr. Con hopes not. The goal here is to create a way to stay thin, eat everything you want. Not. That's not it. He says instead, the goal is to help those who can't help themselves. Like for example. Oh, good. Yeah. And fat boy and Josh Friedman and Zach. And a lot of other people around here. I don't want to mention. Well, well, no, there's a lot of fat people in this building. You'd be the first to admit that. Who will be all of that building? Engineer? It's a very, very fat building. 560, 50560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's for a lot of deal. Hello. Hello there, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I got one for you. Good. George is delighted. He's trying to be a B-O-D-O. Who can forget that? Ben, being a little bit old. Ben, being a little old. I'm going for a grand old. You used a broadcast from there. Right, that's right. Yeah. And then, by the way, you see Tony said, right, or lately, I was into track the other night. Channel surfing on my little TV at my table. And I saw Tony Segretta, which I never watched their news. And he's a big part of the reason why. He looks like about 90 years old, not Tony. He's looking for a phone. He's looking for a phone. He's looking for a phone. He's looking for a phone. He's looking for a phone. He's looking for a phone. Can't you borrow me? Never had a phone. I'll not. Never heard of it. OK, thanks. OK. That's it. That one should have been on there. You know, it wouldn't get any votes. But should have been on there. George, we screwed up. They screwed up. Yeah, that's right. You people screwed up. We give you ample opportunity day after day after day after day after day after. I mean, calls, faxes, emails, messages and bottles. Any hundred calls for pirates world and they missed that one. Exactly. See, if we would have one less call on pirates world or one for Bambino D'Oral, it could actually be in a running there, maybe. And who knows? Am I to God? Voter two or three. Huh? Right. Maybe David would have voted for Danny Boy. He'll probably vote for Marino, even though he doesn't have anything. Is that place to open on 441? It's just down by the seminals by the Indians. I didn't there years ago, and I can't tell you what it was good or bad, but it's still there. And I don't think it has anything to do with Danny. I don't think he's got any. It's there long before anybody ever heard him. I believe. Don't you know, Marino's? I've been by it. I'm 440. I'm not talking about going inside, but you know where it is. Right. Pretty sure it's still there. Well, we'll find out because this is in every end that the audience really likes to stink their teeth into. The gene that lets you eat all you want, all day long, and not gain an ounce, stay healthy. Look, trim and slid, look like Brad Pitt. And just as slimy as Kelly Craig? Maybe maybe we can be, Kelly to get the gene first. You think that's a good idea? Kelly on channel 6 Bob Socker on channel 4 to a very good friend who could probably use a little reduction. Why do I speak in a reduction Carlos? It's bad news, but I hear the reduction in this place is not going to be anybody's wasteland just in your paycheck. Cutting back a little bit, 957 and 5, 6, and you go lower the way. Way can afford all the, you know, all the big bucks were paying to Carlos over there. Well, those faggot are expensive, you know it. If you'd squit smoke and look at all the money, you'd say, what is it about 20 bucks a pack now? At least good without tax. Are you in need of current? Sure. If you've gotten tickets in the past or had an accident, do you have bad credit? Well, if you answered yes to any of these things, here's the number to call, 1-Trival85067283. That's the number 4 Florida First Insurance. They had the current insurance policy plan for everybody regardless of your past record. They've got a low down payment for it. And you can get the current insurance in need for as little as 35 bucks a month. Call them now, tool free at 1-Trival85067283. Florida First Insurance offers free quotes, their family owned and operated with years of experience. You deserve the current insurance that you need, so call them now, 1-Trival85067283 they'll steer you on the right path. If you need home insurance, life, health, or commercial insurance, Florida First Insurance can get you covered. And right now is a special promotion, stopped by any Florida First Insurance location, get you a quote and you'll get two free casino cruise passes, compliments of Las Vegas to a marketing a $60 value absolutely free. So call 1-Trival85067283, give current insurance quote from Florida First Insurance and get two free casino cruise passes at the same time. Don't forget no matter what your car history record is, call us number and they'll help you out. 1-Trival85067283 that's Florida First Insurance for all your current insurance needs. 1-T-8885067283. Why in local? We're sports video 560s, you a- you a-yeah. Why do you breast it? Well, I was saying around the house, I had one hand on my mouth, and my other hand was busy in my pants. Yeah. Here's a day that I was born. I've been into Katy Porn, with my grandma, made me do the naked dance. I won't drop the soul, but I've got a prison, Jerry Hall says I had a good reason, when online to prepare my book, that is where I went astray, a pedophile online at play, but now I am here to say, I won't touch my true again. No! Look at that, there's John Zarell on CNN. He says it's cold. You believe him? It says brutal cold, freeze warning for central Florida coast in southern inland. He says it's brutal cold. You ready for that? What a bunch of silly people here, you know? silly silly silly people. Yeah, so I got pretty cold. Did it look at that? He's showing a, it's 44 degrees, but he's 46. We're going to tell you something about John Zarell. 46. Well, that's pretty bad, isn't it? I don't think we're going to survive if he asks me. Why is he freaking risk? But if I'm going to go up to the grocery store, by pipes don't burst? I mentioned my mind, I will be up to our goddamn elbows and snow. Hope we got a lot of snow halfway down here. Could not the shovels come in or sure, and it's not snow. You're going to be shoving you there. All of your TV networks, they're just shoving it for the pay off by the pay off of the pay off of the pay off of the. By the bucket full. By the replacing, it'll sweeten up the fruit right. It'll sweeten up your fruit. There you go. What more can you do, why? They look cold weather, sweetens up your fruit. to get warm. So there's a real silver lining in every dirt cloud, you know what I'm saying? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. By the way, Bobbin the Doro Stadium figures to be number one on town at such a big baseball town. When you think, I figured to beat the crap out of these others. Make sure you put a lot of fake votes in there for Bobbin the Doro Stadium. Bobbin the Doro Stadium in 34. Favorite South Florida business lawyer along your round. Anybody believe that? No. Sunrise musical theater 24 Eastern Airlines 21. Six Spagged at Landis Water Park 20. Playboard Club 11. Hollywood's Fortatory In 10 Wolfies 10. San Bozate, Topless Sammy Infected. There's not one Wolfies left at all. I mean, that's, uh, talk about really turning the corner. San Bozate, Topless Car Wash 7, Uno's Pizza Six, Uno, Do a three, Wags 5, Pumpkin X5, Hardy's 5, Burton, Jax 5. Then a great TV to look out up to like five and a whole bunch of languages. Knowing that's anyone want to wish their house for. Also with four peaches, Jade Byron's Morrison Cafeteria. Are they out of business? Oh, I don't think so. There's a Morrison's release used to be on Biscayne and about to something. Hundred and. Thirty of. Hundredth. You know what I'm talking about in Miami? Yeah, somewhere. It was there. It was on the left hand side on a west side as you go north there on Biscayne Boulevard. There was a Morrison's. Forever. That can't possibly be closed. Uh, Jordan Marshhead for a credible universe and Biscayne babies in any ways and Malibu Grand Prix and Chikki's pizzas. He's had three. Let's bring back Chikki's. We'll met Go Thaters with two. Three guys pizza with one and 10 rides in a dollhouse. Still have any. The dollhouse doesn't have a single vote. That's pretty amazing to me much. Have a bunch of Queens will stand out there today. Oh, let's do the promo's. Okay, because they're very lengthy and that's right. Well, I mean, I would do them more often, but that's the problem. The McGill do these or what? They're too long. To incue them tomorrow, tend to know that the breast low golf academy of 2250 South Park Road in Hellenale for a buck-a-ball Super Bowl shootout benefiting the Don Schuill Foundation for breast cancer research for a domer a ball. You can try to do floating bullseye to win his. His and hers corvettes from Kelly Chevrolet. Well, that's nice for a buck-a-ball. Kelly's going to be there's what I heard this morning is I was monitoring. Kelly's going to be there. You going to be there? What is that right? You can't be there because at the breast low golf academy in Hellenale. Nothing. Oh, you can't because joined George new to two tomorrow at Bill Settles, bull about a savings on Northwest 36th, read just west of 27th Avenue Miami, stop by to win prizes and you're free food from Atlanta City. So where I remakes the difference. Well, it's a B sheet dealership. We actually got tips off this. Oh, we got tips off this time. It'll be in the midst of B sheet bill. Settled dealership that George will be at from new to two tomorrow. So get a go by there really early. So the work help there. Doesn't need all the free food. Get some for yourself and stop buying. Get some autographs. Meet the guy with a fanny pack and a guy with the eyes. Oh, they don't go down to my head. Be guy with a fanny pack doesn't show up all the way down there. That's a shawl. He's an asshole. Like he comes to the hockey game. Robert. Not a lot. I thought that they did. They thought that. See, I'm not interested in being a yenta about this place at the hockey game. I'm also not interested in being a yenta with a guy with a black hair that sits in front of me with his nice little kid. At least his kid is well behaved and it was the shot up and sit there and watch the game. I wish daddy would learn the same thing. You know, he told me to rip him on the air. I don't want to let him down or one this point. I'm not there to socialize. I'm there to watch the game. Okay. I'm not there. I don't mind socializing between periods. I mean, a lot of nice people listen to this show. A lot of tremendous people, wonderful people. Young people, old people and between people. Beautiful people are way people. Fat people. Thin people. Crap people. Okay. People. But. That's not my primary purpose for being there. Like somebody else who's that keep wandering around on the hallway while the game is going on. They just don't know their soccer mister. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. In fact, for the Panthers tomorrow and I don't understand Pete Reynolds, your favorite junior going to be lining up. They're going to be skating on tonight. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, there was a place on a Miramar Parkway. Yeah. Actually, no, it was a 441 North of Miramar Parkway called Keel's bakery. Did anybody mention that? Keel's bakery. You could sit when you could go in eat breakfast there and they had a bakery and they're also in like when you were in a couple of factions about that. But nobody ever said what was they said Keel was but I don't think they are designated bakery and I still don't know what it was. It was a restaurant also and they would like when you sit down to eat breakfast and have all be, you know, like extra stuff they bring you from the bakery. It's just like the much on why you're waiting for your food. Excellent. Yeah. That's probably what they're all doing this. And what about a country walk? Is that still down there? A country walk? I think a hurricane Andrew blew away. Okay. I thought country walk is like a development. Yeah, I think the hurricane Andrew ruined the whole development. Yeah. So I missed that place. How about the morons? Have you seen that? I know there's a moron since I know this got to be a moron since. Well, you used to eat at one of those. Well, before you get so adamant about it, I want you to find me worse, okay. I'll look it up and I'll call you back. Thanks. Bye. Neil. The name of the places I like it like that. That's where it's at. By Chris Kenner. Remember that song? Yep. You do? Sure. That's shocking to me. That is amazing. Inspector fired over comments about immigrants. Somebody just asked me this. All I could have had morons in this cafeteria was taken over by the Piccadilly cafeteria. See, that explains it. So I guess what used to be that morons in this now is the Piccadilly cafeteria but it still qualifies morons because it's gone. It's gone. Just like Union 76 gas. Gone. I like to big orange ball. They had with the blue letters. Remember that? Union 76? You don't? Oh, the gas station. Yeah. The station. It was like an orange thing. Sure. Big ball. They used to have a big orange ball. And they would make those available for your antenna. Remember? Well, that's right. You could think big orange balls on your antenna. Bye. Bye. Then low. This is 420560. You wait a few a year. Do you fudge back him? Coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story. We take a good, art, stiff look into starter. She had a statement to make. Unfortunately, she was a woman. She was Meredith Brooks. It's really about being a strong woman. But this is a sexist world. If a woman behaves aggressively, she's a bitch. But if a man behaves aggressively, but no one wanted to hear what Meredith Brooks had to say. Oh, I see. Well, this is nothing new. Men are very threatened by a woman who hasn't been married. If they have fault men were threatened by her. But really knew that she was just overcoming, sitting for lesbian tendencies. Oh, come on. Don't even go. That's okay. We like the pretty lesbians. Oh, wow. What if Meredith Brooks had get an arm at a land as Morris said? Oh, yeah. Why you? Zarrette Brooks. Maybe she came on too strong. But I haven't been. She'd been a little more lady like you know, this is life's a bitch. It's a big juicy, stopping went look at show business tonight on inside the behind. 15 to five, 16 to WQM of British radio stations in court as we speak for running a competition during which four listeners suffered severe frostbite. Just like Carlisle must have sleeping over the underpasser under the overpass last night. During the coolest seats in town challenge by BRNB station in Birmingham, Central England, four listeners competed to see who could sit on dry ice for the longest time. Boy talk about having a cold. Back to him. As they suffered frostbite permanent scarring and were hospitalized, they spoke swimming for the safety watchdog which brought the prosecution told writers. The temperature of the dry ice frozen carbon dioxide was minus 78 centigrade. You said, minus 78 centigrade. You know what that is? A lot. minus 166 Fahrenheit. Close. Jesus. That's even a little colder than it was in Miami last night. The price for the contest held in August 2001 was tickets to party in the park a music festival. Talk about having your cheeks frozen together. Seriously, you probably have to thaw them out to take a good even a bad one. The health and safety executive said the radio station could face a fine about to 20,000 pounds if found guilty in the magistrate's court. The station has run several publicity stunts in the past which are house controversy or as they see over their controversy. They say that controversy. One from our slide, the two strangers getting married when he cash an exotic honeymoon in the use of it upmarket flat. The competition prompted criticism from church groups which had it to mean the dignity of marriage vows. Ah, geez. Sure, as fire's inspector from our so-called non-cubans. How do you like them? Apple. The one we'd be unlucky. A Miami-Shore's building department official will complain about the influx of immigrants in South Florida to a Harold Colness has been fired, village officials say, the F today. A January 21th column by Jim DeFeed, he described in the counter at Village Hall in which building inspector Charlie Esher, blamed Cuban and other immigrants for South Florida's political corruption as well as the demise of the Orange Bull parade. Those comments by the civil complaints of the villager, and Esher was fired that day. He was fired for the unfortunate comments he made the Mr. DeFeedy village manager Thomas Benton said. Esher was worked for the city since 2000 in months that he thinks the city overreacted me a violated the civil rights. I don't think I should get fired for giving an opinion. He said, I personally don't hate anybody. I deal with Cubans all the time. They don't have any problem with me. Hey, look at me. I got to him sitting right across the window. Some of your co-workers. Yeah. But I do get up selling people or immigrants of any sort. Don't learn to speak English. There we go. Now we're talking. He's got a stomach on it. He says, the more we diversify the language, the less we communicate with each other. Esher acknowledged criticizing the role of Cubans in the cancellation of the parade, but said his comments were misconscrewed by the Fidi. What I said was that since the parade is no more, the Cubans didn't support revitalizing. He said, but the way he rearranged my words maybe he looked like a total bigot. Sounds to me like a good lawsuit there Mr. Esher, wherever the hell you are. See we thought Jim DeFeedy was a good guy. Remember I knocked him yesterday before we knew about this story? Come to turn out he's just another faker. If he was so good, what's he doing to the Harold? We're going to talk today about ozone and how it kills you according to Georgia. I just got in my mail yesterday, which I ordered a couple weeks ago. Three biosone air purifiers. With ozone, and they have the blue light in there, the blue poison light. And I have MR on in my bedroom. There's one of the dining room and I'm one of my family room. Not where you sit so you're like breathing and you can smell the ozone. And I thought this is great to like clean up the air and more healthy. And George tell me, oh, you're going to die ozone. We're going to kill you. Boys and gas. When you're Jewish, you kind of used to that, the poison gas. Figure sooner or later. And especially with this crowd, we got up there now, you know. Poison gas, man. So maybe somebody wants to give us some advice about that, about biosone and other ozone filters as opposed to negative ion filters, which I think is what I really wanted in the first place. And I wound up with this. The ones that definitely are supposed to be crap are hippo filters. Right. They don't have it at all. And we can wait till you. We're now where did you find this? Somebody facts this to us? The Center for Science and the Pupic Interest. See, this is the better homes in Garden stuff. I caution you that. But you're going to get upset anyway. You'll get real upset, which is good. 10 foods you should never eat and 10 super foods that you should eat. You'd be shoveling them in your post. I don't see exact shoveling any of the good stuff in this post when I walk around that thing in a morning there to go take a leak. He's in her shovel and all kinds of fatnings. So bacon and eggs and butter and lard and uh, halavah. Here are the 10 super foods you should well. Let me first give you the ones you should never eat. 1. Quaker 100% natural oats and honey granola. Do you eat that? No. Well, that's good. Maybe that's why you're still here right now. Why haven't I held a time with this thing today? Get the honey tune. Yeah. Does mother nature want you eating half a cup of oats covered with three teaspoons of sugar and laden with more artery clogging fat that you get in the McDonald's hamburger? No do you prefer you eat low fat, lower sugar whole grain of bran cereals? Like Kellogg's complete wheat bran flakes. We these Kellogg's all brand post-un%, percent brand shredded wheat oatmeal or wheat Tina. Oh, we Tina. Fat. If you're stuck on vanilla and sugar at least two is a product or quaker 100% natural low fat vanilla with raisins, forget about natural oats and honey vanilla. Okay, forget it. Okay. The honey tune. Yeah. Number two, bugles. Bugles. Let me take a call from Hollywood. These people are going to get upset. Hollywood, hello. Good morning. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Do you remember the Viking? The Viking? Yeah. No. On US1 and the Griffin Road? What was it? It was a big restaurant. It was torn down when they started the airport expansion. The Viking restaurant? I'll be damned. You remember that? Nine never heard of it. Oh, all these places up there on US1 in front of the airport with a storm down. Yeah. The bowling alley. Okay. I think you were for it. Thank you. Some of y'all just came in there. Did you redo these? What is that? Just took away the promos. And he said, here's a new promos for the homo. What do you say? I do. I look at it first. And then I'll decide. Join QM tomorrow. Ten to noon at the Brazile Goph Academy of 2250 South Park Road and Hellnare for the buck of all Superb bulls throughout for a dollar a ball hit for a dollar a ball. See there's no punctuation in here, Schmuck. Put like a little line. Know that you don't do that in this fun. You old but like a little comma. If he had a little comma sense, for a dollar a ball hit a floating bulls I went his and his Corvets. So that's enough to get you out there. Anyway, I'm sure my gal will be there on that one. Probably drive on those Corvets. I'll be able to see it no more. And you're doing your new to do what we already did. That's the same thing. Those signs. We'll talk about that more later on. We'll discuss it more. By the way, don't forget about that Zack attack. Keep your eye peeled for it. What do they call that throwing caution to the winds? Is that what they call that? Right. So in the old cliche, I have no idea what that means. But we're just putting the word out there. Okay. So that's some big fat tub that works in here. It's not a bad guy in between the B.M.s. And boy, he takes a lot of men there in the morning. Oh. If I go in there, if I go in there, take a leak, I can handle it when Carlos is in there brushing his teeth and bathing in the sink. I, you know, I'm just pretending he's not there. But when big Zack and it's always him, he's always the one that's in there. And when he eats that much, you have to do that a lot. And I just run out of there. Buegels number two don't every Buegels. Mmm. Buegels. Because they rust sometimes. Tartish. What's so bad about Buegels? The high saturated coconut oil that general mills fries them in oil that's at least twice as saturated as large. Chips are usually fried in corn, soy or canola oils. One serving just to work up at these fried wonders will give you 40% of your daily name of the saturated fat. If you're looking for a low fats, that give big Buegels a shot or try big low fat tortilla chips made by Tostitos or guiltless gourmet. You like to guiltless gourmet the baked number three. How's anybody calling about my ozone filters? There's a huh? Yeah. Well why not? I don't know. I'm looking for a little bit of advice here from somebody in the Sonny and so might know something about that besides you just saying that the ozone's going to kill me. That's not sufficient. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Hey, good morning. Where is the? How about Mary's Italian restaurant? Mary's was great on 441 in North Miami. I think we had that on there. Yeah. And somebody said Vito's was out of business. Yes, they are. He's still in business in West Palm. Well, but that what does that mean? You know? Is it the same guy? The same guy? Yep. Yep. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Also, you mentioned Hollywood squares last summer. Yeah. And there's a connection between Hollywood squares and Robert Blake. Him and uh, Wally Cox. They used to be best friends. Yeah. And Robert Blake was on the tonight show with Johnny Carson. I got a church relax and was talking about Wally Cox advised him to get married. Mm-hmm. And Robert Blake said, well, what if I get tired of the woman? And Wally Cox said, go ahead and just shoot her. Really? That was on Johnny Carson. About two years after Wally Cox died. Mm-hmm. And that's it. No wonder Bobby looks so bad. Have you seen him lately? Yeah, oh brother. He looks pretty good. Oh, look at day over 200. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Thank you, sir. What is that? I have no idea. It says Blake's secrets square. That's not the cut. Somebody's whoever whoever put this in here put the wrong cut in the VCS. That's not it. I never heard that before my life. What was that? You got me? Oh, maybe we'll have to hear the whole thing. Oh, later. Number three McDonald's Bigel Breakfast sandwiches. It's not the Bigels in these sandwiches that'll get in trouble. It's the fillings. The worst is the Spanish omelet. But that sounds good. It's Spanish omelet. Bigel that sounds good. Mm-hmm. With 690 calories, 38 grams of fat, 14 of them assaturated. 275 milligrams of cholesterol and 1560 milligrams of sodium to your arteries. It looks like an Egg McMuffin plus a sausage biscuit with egg. The Ham Egg Cheese and the Egg and Cheese Bigels are slightly better. If you want to have a breakfast under the Golden Archas try the hotcakes with syrup or low fat April apple brand muffin and said the hotcakes with syrup are good. Who wrote this? Some kind of a lunatic, some kind of a maniac. But it's really hotcakes. Really hotcakes, mutt-need. Mutt-need. Hotcakes, mutt-need. Oh, like those burgers I used in the morning. What's reading is your bethly? I know that was wrong. Like a fish in the ocean. Strongly good more than a pound. The joke is all mean and I can't. Please say it ain't over. Would youuscate Creo prospect he tastes hungry. Wow! Ready? One scoop. Okay, one scoop. Beautiful! Be aologue. And strike the attempts at the causa. Great, great, great. Just one scoop. You can show me what choose of you. Whatever Give, Your Royal Bird. Oh me and Lose Just one little piece Oh me One little kiss Watch your blow me Okay, one little kiss So me For love me For love me Just one little kiss Oh 325, 62, 72, I'm happy Friday, 278 votes It's our run office The finals What's your favorite South Florida All-time business has no longer around Public Mendooros Stadium 43 We believe that well Six lies in line It's water park 32 sunrise Mizzleville Theatre We're 31 Eastern Airlines 26 Playboy Club 13 Wolfies 13 How it would sport a train of 13 Poplas Car Wash 12 Everybody else in single digits Do we leave anybody out? Must have we must have gotten all of them Cause I don't see a whole lot of calls on there anymore Like we did have what? Well like here's the facts Is how about the Serpentarium in South Miami Got a big snake in front of it Yeah, I got something Got a big snake in front of it It's not me But anyway, we already had that Didn't we? Of course we did And but here's a couple Leigh violins and Flamengo's super club is by the army Gene Rogers for Neil Rogers Gene for a week effort. Thank you Nobody call me about my bios on See when we try to get some really meaningful information for the matches for me but for everybody out there Can we get it forget all that's in it? What do you mean by that? I spend a lot of money for the way You're saying right now when you want to call about something that you want to talk about Forget it but it can be very helpful it can be helpful and helpful and useful And that's why oh I see But I thought I was supposed to be the negative guy Mr. Negative Mr. Hostile. I forgot that's them pirates world How's it doing? Five morons Five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the LT and Verizon wireless line Lums is still around. Guess what You're a little bit of a school calling. That's a bunch of from Godfather's You don't like that? What do you give me like a curling the lip? You got our friend's in feathers Yeah, the same Well, I hate to break the news to you. That's all we got I understand that's all we got. I just joking about that The last thing we didn't hear again Oh God although Don't do it. I am better fight my fight twist that gene a little bit If he's sent up your gene Now that my roads are gone maybe I can stick my finger like you know and find the right gene in there By stick my arm and back dome way up there all the way to my navel and kind of like diddle around with my genes I'll bet you that I could like make a little adjustment there. I can just sit and you all the other day See and of course skinny people now. This is a good question For skinny people do you think that they would be as gluttoness as the rest of us who are just have a propensity Eat because we do like good food. It's not a question just being a fat slob. We don't want to be fat slums We'd like to look beautiful like Tom Brady, but the fact of the matter is we can't all look like that and we need like a cow and you'll get an exercise You look like a fat pig like some of us, but So like slim people do you think that if they had that gene and they could eat to their hearts content that they would also Maybe care carpeter would still be here today She had a little extra incentive because she was probably one of those people who like a lot of that was during the period of time when like Miss Twiggy was very popular And the real that anorexic look was very big that was in now Now we got like J. Lowe. We got people with like a big fat ass that's back in again Thank God because even though maybe discussing the sum it's a lot healthier than like Miss Twiggy Huh without a doubt or Miss piggy 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. I just for the audience that keeps track every payday It is 25 before 11 o'clock. We haven't seen the paychecks yet now I could probably make it through the weekend. I'd have to like you know Put something's off, but I could probably squeak through the weekend without a this time But Carlos on the other hand will not last to the weekend without his paycheck because the rent there on the overpass is getting hired by the minute A lot of people want to rent those spots Did we ever never got a call about that crazy person on the corner 440 we wasn't there yesterday. Thank the Lord. Thank goodness Oh, you want it? Why? Why? Because I left here just on the heels of that horrible story. Oh, yeah when it was raining like the world was coming to an end He said that crazy. That's when they should have been hyperventilating on the weather forecast They should have come in oh my god the world's coming to an end. It's like cats and dogs Not later around in the day. Well, just because it was gonna be a little cold a little nippy A little nippy we got a couple of days. It's good and tonight. I heard this morning Who does the weather out our morning show? Tom something whatever his name is Not oh that Mark Morgan Mark Morgan does the track Tom some guy Some young Tom Tom but anyway he was going out of and tonight low 40s. I thought yeah and I mean the way he said it like so melodramatic it's gonna be in the low 40s light a candle. I would mind being in the low 40s again I mean, you know when you get to be 60 at low 40 sounds pretty good. Yeah, like a little candle like the Christopher's one little candle can't be all bad We got it like big wax candles now in the living room Which I'm liking a lot lately because when I had the hemorrhage you fart a lot there sets it I in my little dog is Haven't some gas problems to all those well. It's like when you like the ones in there and that's in sense It's a nice and says the candle. Yeah, here's a call from plantation. Hello. Yeah, you have charges super subs Did I ever have it? Oh, yeah, I think we ate we all ate too many other steak and cheese with meat sauce It was on the list, but I am reconvened to great You'd be great for many years and they opened the second one of North Miami where where was the original one? on the trail about 48 49 to have it. Oh, oh Right everybody in Southwest section and then they up on one of North Miami and They changed the recipe for the meat sauce and that was a big end of them. Yeah, don't don't change don't mess with success Thanks Bye bye Bye bye 567. Oh 560 560 on the ATs see you're like putting these people down. They like this and when you can find something that the people out here like you you just claimed to it What do you keep this representing what I said? No, I don't I am I wrong. He's been out of shape about this thing Carlos is saying absolutely I'm looking at your chicken. They found something I want to talk to you. They try to shut names on your nine You're you're just a family. They want to continue saying this is a final ever you said this is the finals and these They are gonna get on anywhere they they know that I'm not adding or to this list. This is the final They don't know I'm dying if you're lying Or is it the other way? You're lying and you're dying. I think that's how close. I thought we'd be on like it. Yeah, like I said What is who sent this Somebody in a point in beat some of these things about the ten foods. Well, let me tell you the foods that he says you should eat oranges Uh-oh, I was in suspense about that other list Which one the first one that you shouldn't eat oh Pizza on it's big New Yorker pizza. Well Pizza Hut they said a waste three pounds before baking but when it comes to pizza bigger isn't better There's another reason you shouldn't eat uh, Antimence rich frosted donuts variety pack size Oh, is there a in fact how can one don't have as much as artery clogging saturated and trans-front is nine strips of bacon? Well it does Antimence fair Nison cup noodles would strip oh Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha What's the brand name on the noodles that your dessert is eating right now? Oh no this and Our noodles. Are you serious but not what's true and you're telling me about. I'm gonna die from the ozone layer or the ozone or the bux on which we've had no calls about that and that just pisses me off I admit that I can't be an expert on anything or everything I've been old hockey names and aren't is racing but other than that that's all I know So when it comes to trying to like purify the ear a little bit These are uh, you know, especially with all the allergens here in south float Which I'm getting sick and tear to that crap the malla luka's exactly which I spent a lot of money Give her those malla luka's years ago and help the little bit poison spores right that's right And of course don't forget we're didn't all start like all the other bad things I'm talking about no less than I'm sure right. Oh Anyway Antimons and this in cup noodles with shrimp It says what could be wrong with a cup of steaming hot noodles? They're fried well because the noodles are pre-fried and artery clogging palm oil Are you gonna die George? I know a Serving of this soup looks like one and a half cups of whole milk to your arteries Try fantastic foods chicken free rom on noodles instead. Okay, instead of those nissen Is not ironic that this is numbers no wonder you were concerned about this because something inside your little mind There is said I'm eating a bunch of crap that's gonna kill me. Oh, there's no question. Yeah, every day no wonder you're here So great. You look like about 85 this week You Why do you Porter if anybody has appeared This sent link from our way We'll place your name in who does that I'll hend a be of glass Just follow on to the day. Everybody's turning blind. I just wish you a stay. This is the actual thing to do. We're watching all of you. Everyone got the suspect. So much, what to do? This got it for day. And I know you find this. In my fatherlandation, I have to say. I gotta hate those. And flint and zip our roast. Oh, believe everything we can. And the state will run you. Blood watered for a cold bread. We love your husband. Hey. I'll rub and tainy push, then you. Back as to yesterday. We don't mind to see our job. Oh, about a planet is blue. We're fascinated by a chain. Oh, don't we know stupid books? All I wanted was a thing. The fact of marriage in way. Everybody's turning blind. Yes. I'm dying of a hair. You know, how come you didn't warn me about those on filters? For the stuff that Carlos just gave me, all I can say is. Wow. I wonder if I feel scrappy, which I really don't. But now that you've brought me this, psychosomatic illnesses will start creeping in. Wow. This is horrible. I wonder what we want to talk to me about that. Because if you like this, weight it all at money. I'm three of them no less. The decreases in lung function. Aggravation of asthma, which I don't have. Throw it irritation in cough. Yeah. And this is just the beginning. This is just the beginning of the list. There's like about 650 things on here of why you probably shouldn't be having like ozone sit right next to your post. You know what I'm saying? Chest pain and shortness of breath. Information of lung tissue. Higher susceptibility of respiratory infection. Man, this would be bad. I'll bring one in. I know where I can put it. You know what I'm saying? This is from the EPA, the environmental protection agency. So I don't know whether we can believe them or not. But they sure have nothing. Nothing good to say about ozone ear purifiers. Nothing. And I love you. You can't believe the people selling them. Well, I know that. See, I think I screwed up. Because there's 50 million different ear purifiers on the net. And I think I got to wrong ones anyway. It's the ionizer. The negative ionizer is recommended by the MSNBC. Yes. I think that's the one I wanted. That's the one you wanted. But how about what Carlos was talking about before the sharper image. I would just see the advertising on TV. But that's not know it's not. Well, it is a principle. It is a negative ion thing. But different model same concept, same process. Is that's the tall one that you don't change the filter. You just pull the insert the same strips out. Why you shmere off. Yeah. That's what you want. Or do you know how am I going to get those? I'm not going to sharp a image. Pat twice as much as you would need to. I think I can find them online. Wow. Yeah. And these I guess we're going to have to bring them to the station. And place them around. Yeah. Put one in the sales department would be good. Maybe one in the during certain parts of the day. Well, that's bad news. Thanks Carlos for warning me because as soon as I got home, I'm going to unplug those pieces of crap. She had tried to do something good. Just like to think with the food. By the way, thanks to a Danny from Pasadena, if that's a real fact. You never know. Thanks, Danny. Have a great life. How's our pool? I'll look at that one. Just stuck its head in the door. Close the door. We'll fast in hard Carlos. Slimate. Old leather. What's your favorite South Florida business? And he bring more food in? Good. Because that food he brought in here yesterday. I'm still I'm even all over myself from it. I have irritable body syndrome. Not just the bill. Yeah. That is pretty irritable. No. What's your favorite South Florida business that's no longer about? Here's the final. Run off. The big deal. Bobby Vendoro State in 43. Don't worry about that one. Okay. It might just disappear. Six flags at land is water park 35. Sunrise musical theater 33. Eastern Airlines 31. Playboard club 16. The Hollywood sportatory in 14. Out there on that 2 lane highway to nowhere. San Bosch 14. Topless car wash. 13. Wolfies 13. Uno's pizza 10. New England Oyster House 10. Burton Jackson used to be great now. It's got eight. Wags has got eight. Morrison cafeteria 7. Peaches. This thing is changing. I get right in the middle list and it changes. It's how the spite. Peaches eight. Wags eight. Jordan Marseville. With Morrison's will met co-theta 7. Pumpkin X6 incredible University of J. Byron 6. What's the big deal with freaking J. Byron's. Manlable Grand Prix 5. Hardies 5. Hardies we like. A lot better than J. Byron's. They have much better Schumbergers at hearties than the old J. Byron. It's a big deal with J. Byron. Dahl House 4. Hemingways 4. Shakes Pizza Only 4. This game babies. Three, three guys. Pizza One and Penrod's finally got one vote. I thought Penrod's would have done a lot better than that. Me too. What about the button on the beach? I think that was on our list. Didn't get a lot of votes. Button South was. Which is in hell with the. That's what. That's a button on the beaches and wasn't for a lottery of the other one. Don't know if it would. Or am I thinking of Penrod's? No, I'm not thinking of Penrod's. The button on or my second of the elbow room. Maybe. Was that it for on our list? The elbow room. He thinks of anything. So one. Well, I mean, we only had about 40 million of them. They're how now we supposed to remember. Do it over again. Anyway. Yeah, let's start again. What do you say? Good idea. Nissen Cups Noodles and Shrimp with Six Foods. You should never eat number seven. And you just will listen to me. French fries at Burger King. I don't go. If you stop slapping your whole family to Burger King. I'll have to. God. I've been telling you that for about 50 or 20 years. Burger King makes some of the worst French fries you can buy it a fast food restaurant. This says, thanks to the salty coating that allows more oil to be absorbed. The King size order packs 590 calories and 30 grams of fat. 12 of them saturated fat. That's worth the McDonald's. Super size fries more than half the bad fat. You shouldn't have had a whole day. So Cups at Burger Ham and Tony that man Burger and those onion rings. If you if we fight out to eat, we're trying to make line rings at Burger King, we're going to report you the CIA. Okay. We've had it. I mean, those aren't even guy minitos. That's a purposed excuse for on your hand. Where the hell's our chek? Are they playing some kind of game with us today? It's ten to eleven, those checks were do like almost two hours ago. Because that's a deal on this show. And it gives to be paid a, and the little hand hits to the big benefits of being out in a clock. It's like it's the organ grinder with his monkey, you know. You keep putting him money and it keeps grind it out. Otherwise. We just dummy up. Number eight. Oh, this is amusing, is hell. And not only that, but guess what other kind of soup George had in here, which he gave me, that one and I spit it right out and threw it away. And there's a little member of the kind of soup he had. So the brand name was the brand name. Very good. It was Campbell's well. Number eight worst foods that you should never eat. Campbell's written white label condensed soups. Well, it wasn't that. Yeah. It would know it was condensed stuff. Something rhymes with soup. Like poop. It was those. It was a horrible. It was a horrible. That's kind. Well, what is the big smile on this man? What kind of a silly ass outfit is that? What does that say on? There's not a Marlon thing. Dito's National Championship. 2000's. Well, like I said, the price of toasted, those instead of those damn vehicles. Okay, matches. In fact, where's the chance? Where's the chance? Where's the chance? Where's the chance? He's going down. He's going to go fat. Get with it. We used to like you a lot, but now we're starting to think. And it's pretty bad. That outfit is not going to get you laid this week and believe me. That's that's silly. What does it say? Brimming with salt. That's the problem with Campbell's man. Half a can averages about 1100 milligrams of sodium that's almost half your ideal daily quota. Half a can. Try brands like healthy choice in Campbell's healthy request, which have less than half as much sodium as Campbell's regular soups. You can also check out lower sodium dried soup cups by fantastic foods or health valley or the big valley with what's your name? The Far bestado. Far bestand with very good. But along the Diky side. Number nine. We only have two to go. Then we'll get to the good stuff, which nobody's going to want to eat any of this stuff. Number nine lays wow potatoeships. Wow. These chips like fat prepingals are fried in only a less rough. Oh no. The indigestible fat substitute. Oliene doesn't provide any calories, but many people causes gastrointestinal symptoms. Some people have said it's suffered severe such severe cramps or diarrhea. They had to go to the emergency room. Oliene also grants the bodies of absorption of cartanoids. These products won't do much to help you lose weight of reduce your risk of heart attack. But my cause you lose a lot of my cause you're a lot of misery instead by baked potato or tortilla chips. What? How you had baked? Yes, I like those a lot. And I'm supposed to be a lot. You're wrong. You're wrong. You're wrong. Baked potatoeships are delicious. But wrong. Look, you just bug off. Okay. This is not your topic car. I don't know anything was food. In fact, a factor in with him is not too happy about it. No, don't help me. No, because you ought to be in the same well of Carlos agrees with George and George really must be full of crap. Probably from all that missing cup noodles he's eating with or without his shrimp. It's not the shrimp that's good for it. It's those noodles. I understand that. It's that palm artery clogging palm oil. Don't you feel like like like that? Or just knowing and he every day that we don't have food running he eats that stuff. So I guess we're going to have that food come in. How about some bacon? I would like some bacon. I bet you had some bacon two strips, two little tiny thin strips. That's a meal is two strips of bacon. Are you at your mind? I bet you Wayne Arnold's got some good bacon. Don't do it. See, I'd be okay for us for the hot sauce. That's what gives me the green apple first step. So they would stop doing that. Don't do one. What? Carlos wants it. Yeah, the food too. He wants it. He wants it. Be food. In fact, I think that Clorissa that if he could get it, he'd bring the Jackson here. The food that is he can't get nothing else. And that's it. I mean, he's not, you know, he's just kind of a goofy guy. It's the sports nerd part. That's why he can't get laid. See, the the bras out there that like the, they like the Jax not not the sports nippers. They like the Jax, the Tom Brady's the Ray Whittley's. They like those guys. The Marty have last. Yeah, who didn't play last night Atlanta. I guess I got a bonus. Marty playing here. They've been at complain Atlanta last night. I couldn't make it. He was a little sore. But they're not into the Jax sniffers. I mean, like Josh Friedman, you think he's getting any? Yeah, the wife, you know. You didn't know. Josh Friedman has a wife. Josh obviously has nasal passages that have been removed surgically. One fortunately has limited eyesight. Josh Friedman has a wife. Yeah, you have to be absolutely bullshitting me. Josh Friedman has a wife. I wouldn't Josh do you? A thing like that. I mean, fat boys got a wife, but of course his wife also weighs about 400 pounds. So what's the big deal? But Josh for at least fat boy don't smell bad. Didn't have a stomach stapled. I ought to have. We ought to have his whole body stapled like from the neck down would be good. Yeah, like from where the food like from where all that cavern and stuff just started Josh Friedman's got a freaking wife. Yeah, I can't get out. I can blow bubbles at him. I know. And the boxes that produce you. I didn't do it, but I know what they do. His hair, his ears are oozing down. There's even like fence. And then fat men show, will they do? Do. And just your body. Shut around by sin, never know my duty. Get in the skin. But every once been stuck in the skin. Watch through hallway sideways. And he's covered with gaure love. And I'm a shesky dog pair. He's such a handsome young man. He's freezing the roll. We're not too short. We're going on that. Stay away from me. Josh Friedman. Yeah, we'll think he money, but he's no stand-in. Don't come near me. Josh Friedman. He's the ladies and I'm not even a cellified sound. He's dead. Got so fat he's got six loaded. Stealing wretched by long-over's a room. There's staples up and down his roof. Just to hold in all that crazy old fool. Stay away from me. Josh Friedman. Okay, you think I care if this one's all likely. I think he does. Don't come near me. Josh Friedman. Come here, come here. Don't wish to like throw them to his head. There's a deal with some old people. You made that up. You didn't verify it with the other Josh when he was in there? He was the busy guy to move my check. Thanks a lot, Clarence. We love Clarence. He's the best. He could not get laid. Available scientific evidence shows that at concentrations that do not exceed public health standards, ozone has little potential to remove indoor air contaminants. Oh, I bet you had. That's news to me. I thought that it actually did something while it was killing you. Oh, my God. Is it messes up your throat and your respiratory, etc. And it says, why would the elbow run have been on your list? It's still there. Get out a little bit, Georgian Carlos. Well, first of all, it's not in Hollywood, so George wouldn't be there. And Carlos can't afford to go. What did they correct me for? I didn't say it was out of business. Yeah, you did. No, I didn't. If I weren't you the one that brought it up? No. Oh, I'm not used to what George said was he wish he had a little more elbow room in there, which is why Carlos got up and ran out. I think that's just never Carlos parted real bad. Hadn't Sarah Soda makes a little bit of an effort. This is a little bit lame and very old, but it's kind of cute. And it is Friday. Three old ladies walking down the street with a man in trench coat approaches them and flashes them. The first old lady had a stroke. The second lady had a stroke. But the third old lady was two old and people and she couldn't reach that far. Yeah. Not that, Ted. That's kind of cute. Go to about a two and a half on the scale of forty. Have a nice weekend, Ted. And then PD Lenny sticks his head rhymes with Ted and the door enhances this, which was mailed to us, by a listener. Now why would he have that? I know idea. Why would PD Lenny's? He and her and her accepting our mail. I guess he's got a new assignment in the spare time. He's the one in the building at Sabin decided to test for and track all of the mail. PD Lenny. Businesses didn't know long around. There's a list here about 4,000. General Cinema theaters. There's some good ones on here. United artist theater, Gary Frontrats, Chevrolet Cooldons Ford, Mullenx Ford, Wallis Ford. I wonder if that's on my Mrs. Wallis on passions. Well, Missy. A wrap of forth. Carnegie Dellie. Don't you remember the Carnegie Dellie in Fort Lardell on the Gaila Rhea? No. They sent us food to the Iodee. Oh, they had phenomenal kishki man. Oh, poor Carnegie Dellie was good. And those big sandwiches. See, the problem with them was location. Gaila Rhea is an exactly the hotbed of people are in the Dellie. I don't want to say old shoes. They were in a wrong place. Uh, Lansons, uh, something. Clothes. Dellie and clothing. Learner shops. Lily Rubin. Webster sporting goods. Ashman sporting goods. Sonic. Morrison's cafeteria, which we already did that. Miami carpet capital lighting standard brands had that. Mirio Harmer's fanfare. What? Sam goodies? Did we have Sam goodies? I don't think so. I'll call for an arbor's. We had sun supermarkets. High park markets. So they're gone too. Apparently. Well, well, there you go. Shelley Bloom's clothing. He's not out of business. Don't we have somebody on the station in the spots for Shelley Bloom? Totally. I don't think he's out of business. How does it door spots? You better. Golden India restaurant. There's too many of mine here. Confetti, rose buds, bubbles, jazz place. Laco Kiel. Oh, Laco Kiel. French restaurant. That was a good place. Laco Kiel. Man. And Broja Greek restaurant. Garcia Indonesian restaurant. Or Garcia, I don't care if I'm reading the writing. Sloppy. Do it the restaurant. Reneries. What can we say? Lord Pembroke's pub. Tuddles. Madison Dilly. Massason, Japanese. Massason is gone. Massason is gone. Hi. Too bad Greek, I can't eat no sushi there no more. How come he's sushi old time? You think that may be the fact that he's sushi everyday for lunch is what was affected or used to be? What's under that hole in his head? My name is Sol Basketball and I know nobody cares about that. August, Moon Chinese. How can we have a whole bunch of people come to about Lady Butterfly? That was gourmet Chinese. That was the place for slippers. I mean, that was a great place. St. Gregory's fondue. That was just a rip off of the melting pot. Churchels restaurant. We had that. Casablanca Middle Eastern restaurant. Marrake Marrake and restaurant. The rusty pelican. Frenchies on Hollywood, the speech. The rat-skiller German restaurant. Gordon's jewelers and line-up. Cajun, something. That's right. Pretty good list, huh? At least the Carnegie Valley parts pretty good. Here's number 10, foods you should never eat. Never ever. Here's Pembroke Pines first. Hello. New. Yes sir. Good morning. Great to see you. I got two of them for you that I thought of. Who are our next list, which we're starting right now, right now. Okay. Red diamond in. Had it that was great. That was a auction of course. Fire for you. I took a go in there when I was little. That was an Italian by the way for people that I was a great Italian restaurant. Great Italian restaurant. Right? And the other one. No, no, no. Oh no. No. Oh. I think it was good too. Yeah, it was good. I heard they went out of business because they pumped ozone to the air filters in there. Where in red diamond in? No, the other place that you can probably. Oh yeah. They'll come back to you. Yeah, it'll come back to me. Thanks. All right. See you. Dude. And what is this? The years I'm going. Oh. Oh. Some people on the a fax machine. I understand your intentions are good, but boy, some silly stuff. Here's number 10. You ready? Oh. Oh. Oh. Phenis Grand Slam. This belt buckler buckler buckler. Belt buckler breakfast. Two bags, two sausage, two strips of bacon and two pancakes. Measley, levy, rety o' dea wall up, but it's no bargain for your heart. It'll saq you with three quarters of a day total fat 50 grams and saturated fat 14 grams dearly full day sodium and one and a half days cholesterol, not to mention 800 calories. If your cart craving a hearty breakfast, try dany slim the slam instead or is it dany's flim flam. It slices the calories to 600, the fat to 12 grams, the saturated fat to 3 and the cholesterol over a mere 35 grams instead of 400 and 60 or 230. Whatever it is. So there's the attendee should avoid. Now let's do the break. What we have to do the break. We're going to talk about the lights or west bokeh which has a lot of stuff that they can eat and then we'll tell you about the 10 superfords that you should eat according to these people. I don't think you're going to be too pleased. Believe me when I tell you the things you should eat, you will not be pleased. By the way, I don't notice that how do you guess? I don't see a way in Arnold here yet, but they're on their way. Now you're the one that insisted on that. I'm sorry. George said if you just pass on the hot sauce you won't have to worry about them. Roy, come and back. Plus I didn't need it. Mommy's this week. So you have no problem with that. No more paprika and no more pepper. Okay. I'm going to get that sign from some out of effect from the stadium out here. What's the marvelous God of Business in a few months? The sign will be behind home play, which says no pepper. I'm going to put that right in front of her door. No pepper, ma. And no paprika. And also my friends at Pompano Park quit putting paprika around to play it on the state. The states are delicious to food up there and the sick floor is great better than ever this year. But quit with a paprika on a plate. I'm not interested in all, you know, see they do that for looks. fancy fancy artsy, you know. But if a little bit of that paprika gets on your meat, look out. Your meat will be on fire. 10 past 11 at 560 WCM. I'll tell you a place where you can go for good stuff. And that's the life of West Boca, the Megastore for people are desperately trying to get into good shape. Who's the way on the Atkins, Rene low carb sugar free die. And the reason we would tell you about these paper for a long time is number one PDLany needs the money. And number two, they got over 600 delicious low carb food products. To help you stay on that Atkins data, whichever one you're on. This week, try the new in chairman low carb cookies and six delicious flavors. Only one two carbs per cookie. You'll be in snack heaven. You know, since he brought me that stuff about the ozone, I'm starting to feel like, you know, Psychosomatic man, little Oze Oze Oze Oze Niche. So when it's the sand is Oze Oze Oze Lynch. So whether it's carbolite ice cream, breads, tips, muffins, cheesecake, pasta and sauces, Delights of West Boca is the place you'll find them all. And anything of the store that you're not too sure about, you can try it before you buy it. There's staff knows what it's all about inside and out. They're open every day, seven days a week, 10, 10. And it delights you'll find the most complete unbeatable line of Atkins brand products. They got them all the foods, the vitamins, the books, etc. And all the Atkins brand products are 25% off. All day, every day, even on Palm Sunday and Hearts of Palm Sunday. But now you heard the reports read the studies that rate Atkins. Number one, so do the smart thing head for the number one low carb sugar free store in the world. Delights of West Boca on the northeast corner of Glades in 441. And you'll find them right next to prestigious Boston Market. Or call them tool free. 1, 877 low carb. You'll find them on the web at low carb.com. Don't forget there's only one to lights of West Boca and it's your official Atkins retail sense. You're my and low. This is for 20, 5, 6, 7. You weigh, yeah. The commercial you're about to hear has been adolescently subjected to a moronic series of edits and changes with no adores nor authorisation about original advertiser. We apologize, however, stand by our mission to make everything that is good and decent because ridiculous is possible. If you have asked your arthritis, there's reason to celebrate. Oh, you've got us, the arthritis, scumbly ol' ol' five. Oh, oh, oh, oh. You shattered my ribcage and punctured my good lung. 1116 at five, 60WC here's Judy says, Penn Rises still in business. I see it every day, located on ocean drive and south beach. See, that's not the Penn Rises we were referring to. But if there is a Penn Rises kind of like, uh, puts a damper, you'll have to remove that. It's got only one vote anyway. What do you think? Sure, what does that take that off in an area if that's not too much work for it? Wait a minute, I'll go. It's Mickey's on the beach now. Ah, no Penn Rises. Like I said, leave it on there, don't get so carried away. Right? Right. Leave it on, please. Pretty pleased. It's still called Penn Rises, Judy and Miguel Kim in your ver. Just bet out of shape. I mean, I haven't seen a net pissed off since Dreen tried to put a move on him. Huh? Yesterday. Seriously, he was like really pissed off and indignant, Judy. Don't get Miguel pissed off, he won't give you any. Put Patricia Murphy's restaurant as well. They were going to be here more in dear field beach. Hey, well, maybe if Judy sends a picture, you might think about it. Send her someone an envelope. Uh, do you, I remember Patricia Murphy's, but I remember those locations. What is it? Put it in the safe side right there. What is it called now? Nikki's on the beach is in Penn Rises entertainment complex. Nikki's on the beach is getting ready for the first time. You're not, don't start that now. All of a sudden, I want to be a big shot. Oh, brother, should've heard the argument going on as if it matters, as if anybody cares. Well, we'll get to the definitive answer from the people in the audience. What does he know? He's taught us before with the tavern. It's tourists. Well, it begins with the C.A. Huh? He's a full of it, man. I'll tell you, what a guy that drinks rippled by the gallon under the overpass. I guess he had to stay warm last night. We'll find out from these people. Here's Pompano. Hello. You know how you doing? I was calling about the air filters, but you mentioned the baked potato chips. Yeah. You should check those out because that's one of those foods that they add sugar to to boost the flavor. Well, I'm not saying that I eat. I have tried them. I'm not saying I'm sitting home eating them all because I can't get that crap anyway, but as far as the tastiest is going to, I think they're great. Enjoy that. You honestly, the look. A little Georgia's giving me like, you know, to ride. I think they're good. This is one of those things that you should get to boost the flavor. You had mentioned the air filters from By ozone. Yeah. But the shop ravaged. Right. We were thinking, we have a couple of those. My girlfriend bought them. Right. And in the booklet, when we got them, there was a warning that they do produce ozone as a byproduct. Uh-huh. So I asked my cardiologist about it. And he said, as, you know, if you have a healthy heart, it's a trivial amount of ozone. If you had a severe heart condition, it could be something that would be a factor. They wouldn't want you to stretch your heart with. Oh, so. But the thing that bothers me is the thing in a CPA where it says it has ozone has little ability to remove any contaminants from the, so what's the point? This, this, this is ozone is a byproduct of these ones from sharp image. It doesn't use ozone the clean air. Right. It uses some kind of electrostatic ionizing thing. Right. But a byproduct of this stuff being cleaned is ozone. So, I know if you were concerned about ozone, you should look at the book, but if anyone there even buys it. I'm going to go home and throw them in a swimming pool. So it's a good home. Okay. Thanks. Thanks for the bad news. There you go. Got ripped off again. It was only 700 bucks for three of them. Uh-uh. I got two big fat checks in my pocket. Now, what are you worrying about? Clarence was in. Oh, no way. Carl Scott, his check. I got mine. How's your contract coming? What? I said, that's bad. You know, come on, Greg. Quit playing hard to ask. Quit playing hard to get. Okay. Playin' what his guy's emotions. All he keeps doing is stalling and stalling. From one pay period of the, and of course, I'll never make it retroactively. What's supposed to have started on the 15th? No. 15th of what? Exactly. 15th of January 2007. Oh, you only problem with that is that we'll be out of here by 2007. Or sooner. 10 super foods you should eat. Ready? Okay. And of course, this is good. It's very timely since it was 100 below zero last night. By the way, it's pretty cold folks. Watch it. Fundal up, put on a jacket. Put on a sweater. Get your goolashes out. Be sure and get out that scraper. Man, so you can get the ice off your windshield in the morning. Shovel. People it out of my window. What is wrong with this town? What is wrong with a media here? They're crazy people. And of course, don't we have to see the story about the cloning again about the, uh, if you have any idea how those people must be laughing. How, how I stay with those people are laughing. Yeah, the railions, the illegal railions. I wouldn't be surprised by Monday. We got like 75,000 more babies as they can do it. Why can't we? Sure. We're going to clong guilty. We're going to have a whole bunch of little squeaky babies running around. But if I thought maybe that my wife just had that was a clone. Those little babies from passions that we don't see anymore. I guess they figured we're boring and they wrote them off the show. Those little babies Samantha was trying to catch. What does that mean? What does that mean? What does that mean? Okay. So I'm saying if it's right or just get, protect those oranges. Protect your fruits up there and settle Florida. Because you know, I want to get this spruled. I like oranges. In fact, the balance for life. One of the things you'll find in there. Two things that they put with the entree sliced up oranges or strawberries. Or sometimes just at orange. Or sometimes blueberries. Or once in a while, a little plum. which I do like a plum. Plums are good. Number two, see what can agree on that one. You're not going to get too happy. Number two, whole grain bread. It's higher in fiber about it as in vitamins and minerals than in rich white bread or wheat bread. Also look for whole grain crackers like the Biscoe Trisket. A TASKETA Trisket for you? That's what I love Trisket. That in this because it says it here on an afferst of wine. This is from the Center for Science in the Public Interest, which I have no idea who those people are. I'm talking with the council. Excuse me, which is bad for you. Number three, canlope, which I do like. Canlope has some of this morning. A quarter of a delicious melon supplies almost as much vitamin A and see as most people leave an entire day. A, canlope, good for our like it. Four, which you'll be very upset about. Broccoli. Lots of vitamin C, cart noise and folic acid. I love broccoli. I can't even imagine. That's another thing balanced for life uses a lot. When you have like somebody neat dishes or something, there's some real good steamed broccoli in there. And I think it's good about their vegetables as they're like lightly steamed and not like that. That is good. That's good. That's good. That's like my mother likes to like her asparagus. Yeah, I mean funny. She likes to feed me asparagus because it makes your piece smell bad. That's the only reason she could make cattle. She could make broccoli. She could make, what's the other one? Colour flar. I like all those things. You're giving me a bad look on cauliflower. Have you ever had a cauliflower with cheese, the frozen? Or cauliflower? Yeah. Good cheese? No. You like it. Never had it. Colour flar. It stinks to what it's cooking it stinks. And cabbage, cooked cabbage, Brussels sprouts. You don't like Brussels sprouts. I love Brussels sprouts. Especially the baby or the one. Oh, those are good. No wonder your hair is like silver and brittle. Don't breathe on him to our little, his hair will crumble like dust. I'm serious. You can see how brittle it is. Well condition my ass is brittle. I can see it from in here. Too bad I don't have any hair for you to see. Number five sweet potatoes. Although I do need a haircut real bad. Yeah, I'm literally looking. I'm getting shaggy and I'm reluctant to get one here because I got a great barber and Toronto. And the barber I got here is good, but he's there. Why is asses in there? Why is there? Why? I don't like their attitude. I say. Now I pointed this off the ear. The barber for the haircut there is 10 bucks. Okay. Now they got the one barber who I guess is the head cheese, the big head, the head of the cut. And when I leave I give a you got supposed to pay the guy in the end. So I give a $20 bill and he's supposed to give 10 bucks to the other guy. Oh, a bill. And I don't like that. It's like I'm trying to be a big shot. I'm just trying to leave an ice tip for a good job. That'll learn that. Money bucks is not a lot for a haircut. What does that's whole? Yeah, exactly. Now the guy that cuts my hair. I'm going to put it on the other side. And I don't like that. I'm trying to be a big shot. I'm just trying to leave an ice tip for a good job. Now the guy that cuts my hair. He's appreciative and always comes to the door and waves when I go and thank you very much. But the other guy. Here's the hit. When somebody gives you a tip, you say thank you. Yeah, thank you very much. What a nice guy. Oh, Bill Clinton. Like I say, well, Mr. Big shot. Yeah. I could have had a hell of you. Well, guess what. Screw you, man. That wouldn't that piss you. They done that to me twice. Really. Yeah. Well, that would be nice. Because the other guy gives a real good haircut. That would be it. Everybody's all the way. It's a lot of luck. I got a bar with that. So good. Two guys in there. Either one whichever one. Two or one. We'll go in any younger guy. They're from who knows where. But boy, they give good haircut. But isn't that something you try to be a big tip or you try to be a nice guy? I'm going to get him. Put you down for that. Oh, Bill. Put the on. What people people? Yeah. Put you back on a banana boat. Okay. You asshole. You sleas bag. You greaser. Number five. After broccoli, which we can't talk to our agenda. Sweet potatoes. Yeah. Now can leave those. A nutritional all star though. One of the most nutritious vegetables you can eat. Relative with cartonoid's vitamin C potassium and fiber. Fiber. Mix it on sweeten applesauce or crushed pineapple fresh to moisture and sweetness. Fender. Number six. Watermelon. Really? It's good for you. Excellent source of vitamin C and cartonoid's and a taste grade. Perfect for breakfast, dessert, or a picnic. Sort of wonder about these people. I mean, I like watermelon. Yeah. But I always know what watermelon is just sugar and water. Sugar water. Yeah. How could that be healthy? Number seven. Oh boy. Beans. What are you going? Yeah. That's all your food man is loaded with beans. All you people. That's all you know from his beans. You people has beans. All you people. You people. Jews only beans. Okay. Get filled to fit. No. That's all you eat. You filled to fish. Right. That's right. And look how healthy we are. Beans in expensive low and fat and rich and protein are in full Like acid and fiber choose Garbanzo, Pinto, black, navy, kidney or Yental, lentils. Eat them as a side dish or shenak in a tortilla with salsa or a soup. No. No thanks. Hate beans. Taco Bell I like but always I order is without beans. Please. And if I were to tell you how they do the meat and eat well. He's a beautiful one and no. You don't want to see it. You do not want to see it. Number eight. Sam and a rather fatty fish. No. I take fish or capsules. I take Omega 6-3 whatever it hell is. For years I've taken them. And they're great. You like salmon? Love it. Well you love my sack from balance for life yesterday since I hate fish. Three of the five things in here were like seafood. We're fish. Not seafood but fish. Fish. Fish. If it's fried. You're trying to be smart asses with me over there. Balance for life because Troy, what's his name? Stratford's going to be incompetent. He's going to be real bozo. You'll make a three fats in fish especially fatty. Fresh fish like salmon, sort of fish and rainbow trout and trouser trout. Can I produce the risk of a sudden death heart attack? Well I know which one of those I'll choose. Number nine. I got to do the break. We're going to get to nine and ten. Why this turned out to be great. Where did you get this? Who set this to us? Are you about it? You've got the facts I think. Or you found it? No. The food list. Yeah. But he's many Friday and one meal. What? He's not listening to anything. We're doing. The ten super foods you should eat and ten foods you should never try. You gave me you brought it to me. He didn't bring that in. Who did? The facts machine did. They didn't come in here? No way. I didn't bring it in. So. Twenty seven past eleven and five sixty WQA and if there's snow a, I'll tell you. Could have been so mind me last night. And regardless of what it was, Tom Lehmann and Joe Prieto are buried in something buried in vehicles because the fact we sent how it's so damn any cars. They don't have any place to park him. Even Tom Lehmann had to park cars in his driveway. So now they need to place one in yours. How it is blowing out all the new vehicles regardless of profit including the potty act vibes starting only 13,998 bus gets you up to $5,000 off every GMC on Boinstock. Plus gets 0% of financing up to a $3,000 rebate. Of course, how it is always has got a stupidest gigantic almost endless selection. A pre-owned car's truck's SUVs that you can depend on. No lemons on the lot. Trust me. No fruit. And how it? Vehicles like that like so what you never seen in your life. Credit is a problem for you. If you're a little bit leary going on to the car dealerships lot even because you have such margin or maybe even really bad credit. How it will not worry about that. They'll find a way to get you to deal done. Don't forget right as I speak. It's the winter blues and emergency clearance sale and how it potty act GMC. Who actually when we do the list of places that have around the longest, they'll be right near the top of the list. I'm like all these other 50 million places that are coming gone. How that is still there. 35 years at 134 or one. South Dixie Highway that's US want across from the falls open every day, seven days a week. Be sure and tell that you heard about this on the new Roger show because you'll save even more. You can check it out on the new Roger's Neil Deal hotline. See Neil again Neil and one trival eight five three four forty two eleven. That's one trival eight five three four forty two eleven. For a halit potty at GMC we are professional grade got it. My and local year sports video five sixty two eight two eight five day you best. Got the plan to bomb a rack was bad enough. Now there's bigger problems so it seems. There's a country out there that'll be a bitch to beat. So don't piss on off if you know what I mean. We wouldn't want a face. No career. Yeah. I'm a star. No doubt in my mind. It would be quite some lead. Oh. So he's in my day. Yeah. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. We're a train monkey's eleven thirty three or five sixty. Nobody came here's a very amusing and a very good facts from big aren't even a lot of bad spelling. El Bachiow first in David then moves rest not sure if it's still a run had good food and live jazz. El Bachiow remember that? No. Well that's not a good part. But here's a great line. And I think you say you like salmon. Yeah. Okay. Now you know I hate fish right. I can't and I've told you I can't even stand a smell of fish. Right. Nuscious. Eborsten ozone. I think I'm going to bad headache from that biosone's. Man, am I a moron or what? And I do these things with the best of intention. Is there anything that's for real anymore? No. Is it? Especially if it's on the internet. I guess anything is like a rip off. You know everything's a racket. Everything's a goddamn racket. Forgot to see these at poker Brian's son. But anyway. Also now listen to this. Why do people eat fish and say that was great because it didn't taste fishy. Would you eat a hot dog and say what a good hot dog it was because it didn't taste like a hot dog? Well that's got to be one. I'm going to frame this. I'm putting this up. I'm putting this up. Yeah. I got something forkey for you. In fact, Wayne Arnold's going to be your enemy in Hudson anyway. I'm sure Wayne can't model dog. Oh poor Wayne. Last time he was here he looked. And the first thing you said to me was boy it's really not it's not the fun to get all does it. And I looked at him and I said in your case I guess not. I feel fine except for that ozone. Oh, I'm getting like respiratory. Huh? And you're the one that brought that crap in. He's out of been just fine. Okay. How to be doing just fine. I think I can credit my ozone, my bio zone whatever those damn things are to my little dog. Have it a beautiful bow movement right on my dining room floor overnight. Not mushy not just for the first time in days because he's got a bad liver. My little dog is dying by the way folks. But I see he's dying. I mean we all are but it could be weeks or months he could hang on who knows. It's a prizes. He's got his liver is like like that. But what a beautiful. And I thought to myself, wow I've never been so happy to see on the floor. On the floor is I'm right now. First time in many many days that he's like left be on such beautiful specimens. Very firm you know he's just to kind of just pick up with the toilet paper or paper towel. Did you and you and it's typically say I saved them and I'm bringing them for a. They suck. I'm bringing in here on Mondays Matterfak. Huh? It's kind of a piece offering to one of our friends. Of course. No not hurry. Anyway so what do you eat a hot dog and say what a good hot dog because it didn't taste like a hot dog? What a big Arnie you know something you've sent us a lot of facts is some of them pretty good. Some of them really know what they mean when they say that even though. No I don't. No I don't. No no I don't. A fish isn't fresh than it's that bad kind of fish. And that's what they're referring to. All fish taste like fish. For example tuna in cans either in no frigate about the world is not good but like tuna in water. I like that. And you want to rely because it doesn't take fish. But if you get fresh tuna I mean like a. Oh I am. You want to know why because it tastes like fish though fresh tuna. I am not a fish guy. There are a few things in the world that make me want to gag and fit my guts out more than a smell. The taste will look the roll on the line. I can almost see that I like looking back at me you know. It's like people eat sushi like Greg Reed you know what I'm saying? You know our good friend Greg Reed. Yeah. Who hates who like poison? Sushi man. Look what it's done for him. And Norma can't who used to be fairly you know. And the sharp and not really marginal. But used to be and I was totally lost and why because he keeps having lunches with Greg at the sushi place. I think he did intentionally was a sabotage to where his mental process he's down is that was all the bad pot. Now here's a fact from someone. Oh this is you know who this is from. Do you have ice from? I'm going to guess what you need. That's a touting paprika. Paprika is one of the two substances that does not dissolve in your body. Okay. Don't be giving me propaganda. You crazy bastard. You chubby chaser. Don't give me a good moment. Subscribe about how paprika is good for you. It doesn't dissolve pepper and paprika which is why my mother ladles them on everything that she makes because she wants me to have hemorrhids as bad as her infected hemorrhids. And I did for a couple of days. They're not infected. Huh? What's that about? What's one of them? But you know if you have infected. Ask them. I'll give you her number. She will she will give you an hours free seminar on bowel movements. Hamorrhids. Anything anal. And you think you're the analyst for your sake. So you're a piker man. I can hear her. She knows her ass man is blood and pus involved. Absolutely. Infacted hemorrhids. Oosing. I mean, painful. Infacted. You're the guy these socks. No way, but that's the wrong. That's the wrong. But when I meant to say was. No, you remember when we first came here. Roy Foster had infected bleeding hemorrhids. And he got very upset because I mentioned it on the ear. But that's a long time ago. So we bet a lot of money that doesn't have infected bleeding hemorrhids anymore. Remember that? Yeah. Oosing bloody hell. I mean, we didn't need to hear about that, Roy. Oh, I guess he, I guess Oosing was like his thing because you stay hang out with this grand old woman. Roy. I don't know why. I'm not touching that because the food may be maybe here any minute. I'm not a moron. I'm a moron. I'm a moron. I'm a moron. I'm a moron. I'm a moron. I'm a moron. But I'm a moron. The commercial you're about to hear is then adolescently subjected to a moron. I've been working on medicine changes with no endorsement or authorization by the original advertiser. We apologize, however, stand by our mission to make everything that has good and decent look as ridiculous as possible. How do you feel when you don't work out? I can't go to the party tonight. My hair hurts. And I feel sad. How do you feel when you do? Do me now. Do me now. Do me. I'll break your neck. I will. I'm a moron. I'm a 24 hour business. You're certified personal trainer. Customs, haters, and falcons, fitness programs. We've got machines that have worked out every muscle in your body. Include him to new, uterus master 1000 17 don't do it fine. What I say tilton aton till noon while I said ozone I'm just I was doing great. I felt real great. I sounded fine like me and now the ozone is starting like But here Here's a great bar with it somebody faxes me on the west bar and what am I check him out? I don't like that being like what kind of crap is that and the worst part of it is that the guy Like I said cut in the hair. He's very grateful. He's a nice guy, you know, he appreciated the tip But the other guy is either jealous or he's just an asshole and and they don't know who I am so I'm just an asshole. I think you could say he's an asshole and be fairly a close to the truth Here's Boughton Beach, hello Hey Neil. Yes sir George said that you didn't believe that somebody's Facts you that thing about the booth? Yeah, that was me on the top by corner on the news Food you should never eat it has firm in my name and what in each but did you fact it to what number did you fact? Let me see um the one he gave me on the phone Because it because it says from it doesn't have anything on it and says thanks number does that make it So so the mystery will continue forever. I don't think it came in on my machine Maybe it did who knows? Yeah, what what is the factor in there because I could say I I I locked the sheet here. Oh six five oh one nine eight. That was it I told you came in on my machine. What do you guys think it'll be on a shave above? Yeah, that was a number. Yeah, but I'm glad you got into them with you. That I think the ozone is affecting my mind Yeah, that came in the intern and my Palm Beach post week or so ago. Oh Well, no, no, but it kills him good time though. I appreciate it very much. Okay. Thanks. I'd have a nice line And especially made George real paranoid about the nissen cup noodles with shrimp It said it be your safer eating a Nissan than a Nissan is what it said It's exactly what it said Burger King French fry. No, I did like the information in this thing here. I'll review realized that if you I mean Talk about the list of businesses that have gone bust. I mean, that's nothing compared to the list of stuff The products that we could put on here that'll kill you that are just a test gonna clogging your arteries and really bad freya I mean you go to the super this has happened to me so many times which is why I don't go to the supermarket very much anymore Hey, hi to my friends in public. Nice don't you but You go up and down the aisle with your shopping cart and especially if you like try to lose weight or your dive better Like I am and you look at what what can I eat what the hell can I eat you know what I'm saying broccoli I love broccoli But not just by itself Don't forget the cheese. There you go Broccoli with cheese love it Could make a meal out of it now I have done that the frozen broccoli would cheese Why don't you try that just once? I'm sure I'm out. I've tried it every way and that okay Well, we just have to accept the fact that you're one of those George Herbert Walker bush people You got brainwashed during the early 80s and then the course when you begin present that put your lineage You don't like broccoli because of that sure that's why so I think the bottom line We can say that George likes bush. He doesn't like broccoli. That's good to do with the stench of the George like He doesn't know how you're eating. Oh talk about stench, but that's another story 560560 560 on the 18 you know, so that's just sail right on by the good. That's probably just as well Here's a call from maple. Hello Hello, yes, sir About the air filter. Yes, the you know it's first thing might be ozone is it? I don't remember we're seeing anything refer to these There's a museum somewhere in the United States of medical quackery devices and there are a bunch of them in there that use ozone Oh no, yeah, and I think what you have there may be on the Donuts away As far as the air filters the ionizer types, so they were great I'm all one from a lot places sears back in the 80s and charcoal filter for the air and also The ionizer thing I had a problem of O-cree pollen and it was it got like 99.9% of out now you could get things to fit into your air circulator system at home If you have a force there heating and cooling system you can get up up Those and have the ionized that for a couple hundred bucks that might do what you wanted to really Yeah, you might look into that Great, they work great. They're really too. Thanks, line you're well. What are you saying poison? That's poison poison. It doesn't matter. They're ionated not not the ions, but the ozone generators He didn't he's not open on ozone see you you only heard one little see what a pricky is He's still thinking about the broccoli and the fish. Yeah Oh broccoli and the bush 567.056 Pond 60 what's the difference on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line Lighthouse point. Hello all sorted out. Neil. Yes, sir How's this for restaurant? Dante's and four lotterdale been there done that with that idea lift. Yeah How about wolves? Lotter and wolves is on there and now Dante's is that signs still there because that's big sign they had has been there for I don't know if it's still there, but it was there for all I guess still there 50 years after they went out of business and there was the sign You know how about wax wax was on there how about Jefferson superstore was on there Uh There was on there and have a nice weekend see when he's got like 15 he's given me they were on the list I'll tell you what I'll read all the ones from all three lists. So, you know just to make sure That'll kill to 130 go right into man dog show don't forget the man dog at one the Humper from San Diego Super Bowl Get ready baby to your clock to set noon Sit go panther prego at 630 the Panthers at the Carolina Hurcunes at 7 It decay from J following hockey and then ESPN radio overnight cuz it's cheap Real cheap. I want to I didn't do this enough did I These promos that McGill was nice enough to come in and shorten up because he makes him too damn long Join QM tomorrow from 10 a.m. to noon at the Bristlegolf Academy at 2250 South Park Road in the Hall of Male Frey Buckaball Super Bowl shootout for a dollar a ball hit a floating bull's eye and went his in her Corvettes Dollar a ball do you think Tom Brady would go along with that? And George from noon till two tomorrow Bill Siddles Mitsubishi now which one is it gonna be? The Miami Mitsubishi There's a Davy one No, no, which which but which dealership you said the Mitsubishi? There are five dealerships on that street where we'll be at the Mitsubishi But it says that Bill Siddles Mitsubishi Boulevard of Savings right Bill Siddles Boulevard of Savings has Nissan and Hyundai and Kia See that so that isn't really right old road at all. Yeah, McGill Road. You know McGill forgot to come in here was vision all about pin rods and we still haven't got the Fine Lancer on it. Registres waiting for your fine Lancer. This is not right noon to two George at Bill Siddles Boulevard of Savings at the Mitsubishi. Do you look at North West 36th be Ryan? Even I know that I never been there and From what you're telling me stop by to win prizes and joy free food from Atlanta city sums where the bread and I Remake the difference and Scott is still a pin in the s who wants that puff puff puff puff puff puff puff and and sucking around for free plugs don't forget by the way you're Super Bowl party planners not too late That would you rather I did what he does to my hair I'm having with sub what do you mean by that Scott? You didn't notice his hair when he came in there the shoe polish. I don't pay any attention to him. I say I don't look at him I hear him because you don't puff puff puff and and then he walked out of here actually and they turned around and came back in and Had the hutspa thinking I guess confusing me with default. He shouldn't have not default. I don't have any billboards but The hutspa to come back and ask me for a free plugs based on what? They stand what he brings you food whatever you want yeah You're pretty and the only reason I give them free plugs because I like I or he's a great guy He puts up with Scott and I feel very bad for him. No, who would want to put up with him? Puff puff puff puff puff he's worth the least part van Yeah, puff puff puff. I mean, but you know Never takes a breath. I think you're in tysemitic Antisemitic. I was Jewish to asshole 56050505 yeah, I'm anti-Semitic. Oh brother talk about the spit call in the kettle of Puerto Rican Here's for Loderdale. Hello. Hello. Yes, I'm Brayne Steele. I've a waitin' so long. I forgot sorry I'm actually in coconut creek. It's Brian the painter. Oh, yeah Talk to you a long time ago. I've got a couple more on the list here. Actually I would just outside as paint trying to get all that snow and ice off the sidewalk that came in last I don't forget that scraper man always keep it in your blood bottle scraper. I've got two more Three more scraper Brian or cross off our TV screen Did you happen to mention cratons? Yeah, the same as french restaurant. Yep, okay the ground round You got that okay the rain dancer What do you say Carlos did we have the rain dance? I just closed in the last those six months or so One of our people on that pole were like over the age of 100 so they've no problem. Okay the brick yard Yeah, you got that one and ever the movie theater was the old time movie theater used to show a bunch of nothing but black and white films be like uh say their marks brothers You know Charlie Chaplin There's real occasions they had one and four Loderdale. I believe it was right there on Dixie Highway another one's on 441 Okay, they were there for about four years Also Mr. laughs. Oh, Mr. Last comedy a club, right? Yes, didn't have that. Yep Yeah, one on four Loderdale on Settle Highway and the other was I believe without university And I think Chris Baker used to do stuff there and that's why they went out of business To have a great day pal. Oh, okay. Thank you. Right. Well, two out of 14 into bay Where was to our Chris Baker and who's the other one mr The G man. I was said mr. G. Oh, sorry Shouldn't have done that 5605060 on the AT&T Verizon. We got our check We got some food coming from my naral without that and I there'll be some hot sauce in there just do not let them bring it in here I wouldn't touch it anyway With your tongue because after and or nearly it doesn't bother me but the combination of that along with the paprika and the pepper and all of these things The rosal and the ozone can you even imagine the kind of stuff I'm gonna be spewing out Maybe right here in this chair put that damn Randy right to chain and Josh Friedman. He has a wife I you know, I think what you did was set me up with that. They're all saying oh yeah. Yeah, it did just go along you know Yeah, I saw I saw gaslight Here is homestead hello Hey, no idea pretty good. Good. Hey, there's just three things I want to ask you real quick Number one the hurricane fans have gotta get over their last Ohio state Yeah, exactly right where right number two guardless. It was like a hundred years ago. It's over Well, I want to know who do you take in the shoot for bull Tampa number five all right go buck three how far long you think the Panthers will make the playoffs or if they do Downed Unlikely okay good unlikely. Thank you We love the Panthers but they're too young. We want Ray with the cause he was hung. I mean Well, I would love her wouldn't they good guy would player miss and badly like silencer Scott Melon B Gabe all these guys away basically what do we got to show for it? Squat we got the youngsters new organization. How do I get into that again because nobody really cares But it's really a shame because we could have a pretty good thing go in there and it would have to be phoning up the attendance every night I these new guys they came in and they felt they knew something I'll never forget that day that Bernie Cozer just practically a cost of me in a hallway like I was his long-loss best friend And of course those were the good old days when we had the first team got did we have a good time then 5 6 7 0 5 60 has the pull coming what's your favorite self-load of business that's no longer about our final This is the runoff baby the rub off 440 votes many of which are real Bobby Mandero stadium 52 Eastern Airlines 43 six lines of land is water park 41 sunrise musical theater 38 tapas car wash 23 Sambo is 20 playboy club 19 how do it's for the toy maintain doing the roister house 17 wolfy 17 j Birens tied with Jordan Mars 15. I see that to me bothers me The j-birens and Jordan Mars should be mentioned in the same breath Jordan Mars shed nice stuff. It was a great store Yeah, no It was a good store compared to j-birens sure I think we need a little more enthusiasm about that who knows pizza 13 Burton jacks 13 They went up because and I love it also that couldn't afford to keep feed mr. ego and a holly's uh core of misfits Have you ever noticed that there are some people like Their entire lives they're surrounded by this little core of Quislings yes for example if somebody goes into a restaurant and I'm dining there Which I probably won't because I don't even move it but if I were you wouldn't be there Carlos would not be there exactly nobody associated with this program would be there with me Maybe twice It all these years that we had a so little more than that, but I mean, yeah, but but ordinarily and they would where is there? Some people who just travel around with his little entourage like like a like a bunch of carnival people, you know, right? Their support staff me or emotional supply gas had Burton jacks 13 Pumper next 12 malibu grand pre 11 wag 10. I like wag's a lot And what was the name of that place in Cherry Holdard jersey that restaurant That had the exterior Fags peaches eight incredible universe and hearty's and more some cavity one could seven that'll house six Hemingways five shaky's pizza only five for shaky's pizza man that's disturbing to me God these people must be sucking ozone by the gallon this game baby four three guys pizza four and 10 rods three We still we still have no final determination on that We're still waiting for the final answer Oh, this is Rosie O'Donnell and the clock a my stomach says it's the meal rages 12 the one hour and the One Last night I saw a man's picture live He was time he wore me down. He looked man's by showed me something to try You could see man I Love What the beat of you see snow what his hardest for But I don't own him anymore. I used to rent now help to buy my destination Will not die He's going He's all mine with boy I love that taste Me to know real I'm lonely and I'm a shing I make it on my My casting has changed Don't need someone real We want to change and I can see the perfect guy in part I don't need a taste I just left it for So I guess the left was right On my screen He's out there and he's the perfect age Under my sheets, but days and now I don't care and read my love I don't need a human touch There are so many things So much to learn from God I don't want to taste Me to know real I'm lonely and I'm a shing I make it on my floor I don't need a change Here in someone's wheel We find the taste so I can see the perfect guy in part I'm a tiny face I enjoy my goal Here's the fact this is how could we forget sizzler steakhouse? Did we forget sizzler? No, no, we did not It was I'm In fact I'm looking on the list right now just to see how many it had but why bother I don't have time It was on here Since I've been listening every day for the last week and a half and I don't remember hearing sizzler well Maybe a little while see build up in there I'd pop those ears out We had sizzler Somebody fixes this to me some distressing news not that anybody here cares Report panters lost $65 million dollars out of care But to officials say actual operating losses told only 17 and a half million what a bargain Huh and it goes on a great life Which nobody we need cares but for a lyle and borrowed county's director finance and operation and administration Cedric says we're watching developments closely our concert is heightened some up because of the recent bankruptcies and auto on buffalo keep your eye on it fill good taken And Alan Cohen who couldn't be reach for comment yesterday said is this week that teams outlook is bright The building in our market size gives us the opportunity to be a stronger franchise in league He said but of course the fact that we have a very young team with the veterans most of the fans have no idea who most of the players are and And the fact that looks like they're not gonna make the playoffs And the us is real bad and I mean I could go on forever Being the big fan that I am I'm not trying to poo poo their franchise, but you know put something out there people want to see If they're gonna spend that kind of money to come in here at you know big bucks then put something out there people want to see Because what I saw the other night was a week really week. I mean you that was tragic By the way, here's the good news because we got 10 rods under list of least we got one right. Let's hear it for us Penn rods entertainment complex on Miami Beach one ocean drive Which includes Nikki Beach restaurant and bar and Pearl restaurant and lounge We got it right here from their website So it's Penn rods entertainment complex so even what we really were afraid to was the original Penn rods and for a lot of deal right Okay, that's long gone, but Penn rise stage on her cuz why is it saying on there? On the pair I just contacted myself to that like I said this Penn rods is all count So we did the right thing I don't know Sam took confused between the ozone and the stuff that you just had to be here about a paprika. Oh Man You go false including Jeff highs a trebuch hasting neighbor you're gonna be wild when you hear this Cayenne of the names paprika chili pepper red pepper The red hot chili peppers When taken internally and of course it goes out about a remedy for muscular tension rheumatism, but When taken internally cayenne can cause diarrhea And cramps usually without the M High doses taken over extended periods of time it cause chronic stomach problem Kidney damage liver damage or nerve problems now liver damage Who stay with my little dog for a week there? In December mama yeah, yamama who uses paprika on virtually area And who has liver damage now yittagi yeah, I'm just think out loud Over dosage and overdose of cayenne can precipitate a drastic life threatening decline in body temperature If you suspect an overdose seek medical attention immediately you know we're saying that though we do Right Baby hold the pepper Hold the paprika 560 5060 pound five 60 on the 18th I mean anybody that would put stuff out of their body that doesn't dissolve That comes out the same way it goes in not good your body sending you a message just like Joey Zaza it's sending you a message Here's Miami hello, hey, how you doing? Pretty good what about corn it comes out the same way. Yeah, that's a good feeling Sure, yeah, and your mom's been trying to kill that dog for years. Of course it's hard to chew paprika, you know I got a question for you. I call we got we got an office pool going on that the last time I called you last year when you were looking to get euros And I told you to call American Express yeah, okay I want question for you. I'm going to the mildly city in about six weeks with the habit of them people the what city? I'm gonna answer them the mildly city mildly you know, I'm sorry my apartment. It's not the mildly suit. This is my apartment Okay, I just have a quick question for you. I hand you call you an ask you, but this is kind of important I'm going Is it better to buy a couple thousand dollars worth of American Express I just buy a few hundred dollars worth of energy you get over there, which you go back and forth often I know which is which is the most reasonable way of buying the money you want to get the absolute best rate Got a POTT? no, no, no The best rate is from the ATM so when you get there go to the airport And at the airport when you get to the airport at Skipper. There's a few of these change places Just change my yeah, maybe a hundred bucks or whatever into euros and then when you're in there forever long go to any of the ATMs you got a bank card obviously and just take it out there you'll get the best rate guaranteed really yes sir Well, I my dad appreciates it and I my dad's actually going out of out of the country the first time in the life Excellent, he love it Power walks out for the rest of maniacs Every time I also believe okay Wayne Arnold is here looking the young and spy and Hudson is right behind him there. How are you Wayne? You're still alive Wayne is still alive nice to see what's he got there All look at his Wayne is a more political propaganda there. I wouldn't be surprised if Wayne is that I'm a credit candidate for president Huh? Well Bobby Graeme's got that little heart thing now Bob Graham runs you gonna support Bob Graham? Absolutely absolutely says Wayne Arnold let's hear for Wayne. We love Bob Graham. We don't know why You know, that's the thing that we're talking about yesterday is that he's so popular in Florida But nobody we can figure out why and I like him too, but I still can figure out why Thank you Hudson you're a wonderful American sir Now let's see look at that he lost like an answer to since we saw my stony Let me the deck oh seriously he is the accordion man always has Wayne Arnold one week you'll come in here It'll be like 400 pounds and next week. I'll be 180. How do you do it? Walk in press in the flesh I bet you are Bet you are Wayne is pressing the flesh. Okay. Thanks gentlemen. Have a wonderful a week weekend in life, etc Vote for Wayne Arnold for the Navy town council district one He's got the skills integrity experience and white hotz That's what he says Thank you man. See this is good and I bet you there's no hot sauce near either just like I said Hey Hudson take care of that guy. Okay. We want to keep him around for a little more free food anyway What Wayne is a good guy? He likes you guys the best. Let's hear what he said about you Now look at that just what I ordered to be beautiful about six pounds of it. Bacon One bacon looks wonderful. Oh, I love bacon. Don't you love bacon? Yeah, what it's nice and chewy like Better than that meat and he's on a soup you drinking with those awful noodles and our a pomo Hmm, fruit noodle man. That's just clogging your arteries Nothing like to bacon fatty brought worst Rochester White House these the original Rochester White House by the way Now that the Rochester hotz places gone Not a shame that they're gone Yeah, they like to sell out. They're using the show well. I mean they like this they send us food a lot. He won't be didn't want it They're okay. I don't know what they'll happen to them. They just didn't they have a fire or something? I think they did And that's what happens when they have a fire board. There's nothing like bacon. You know not good for you And you want to know what so I don't care We don't care today. This is the one they have after finding that that list came from what was it worst homes in garden some crap like right We're trying to that baloney okay because like sunny from the market used to say you're not here for a long time Just for a good time And that what he said baloney That's like good for you. And doesn't taste good. I do like baloney. You don't like baloney. Well It's a baloney balona How about baloney if you always have baloney you love the food there. Oh, oh, man. Yeah, that's not a tag-in-ish. It's like real a tag Unlike the olivey garden It's 11 after noon in 560 WCM. Hey listen poppin o' parks got some big stuff going on this weekend Tomorrow night Saturday January 25th this family fun. It's starting at 7 p.m. with three minutes your horse rides free popcorn for the kids Free face painting and a magic show at 730 p.m. Plus free drawings for the kids to be in a mini horse race There'll be live music a real horse race on this plane train is talking about equipment Racing and answering your questions about harness freezing money night. We got the two for 25 dollar full-course in His special in the lavish top of the park race on the 6-4 full-the-paprika please The great hard you can eat buffet in the 4-4 players lounge just 1095 per person every race unite and the free spaghetti dinner coming back a week from Monday Not this Monday, but the following Monday February 3rd the free spaghetti dinner which will be telling you about I want to make sure I got this right Okay No, no seriously because it says in the copy and I know Steve Wolf would ever make a mistake I almost was sure that it did so big poppin o' park and in here and it says I had the right thing not want to make sure wasn't tonight that they had the wrong day Steve Wolf would make a mistake would he? Well he may but not this time Watch yourself Steve Family fun night is tomorrow night of poppin o' park course we got great live racing that I didn't four nights a week Monday Wednesday Friday and Saturday first post time 715 p.m. we got free general parking free grandstand in mission every afternoon evening and of course, sign up casting starting a new every day seven days a week from tracks all over North America So you want to have a great time plunger brains up enjoy some really good child. This is the place pompo no park I'm what was it on parolime road a block south of Atlantic Boulevard in Pompeo, be SoOne Oh 1988 I'm a cranky homophobic Not that I mind it but I'm way too old to do. I fantasize about fear and death. It addressed with feedloom, my man-friend, did it. I'll just make up with generous on birthdays. And then, ask them to rape my buns. No, there's no over again. Though I would not feel the most full now. And I would not be ashamed about a ginger and more gay union. Just bold and stroking away. Boy, make a way you're that might-like. Yes, sounds like a nine-year-old kid. Only a much-oh-mending-eye. She don't know. That makes me lift my wig. If ginger was a lover of mine, I'd bury my bulbous baby now. Inside is a simply rare end. No, I would not be a sport-boat. No! If I was not a closet of faith, that's why a ginger and more gay union would make me feel a gay union. Everybody follow my thousand calls. Yeah, just not a mole gay union. I'm getting out with make my sorrow, won't he? Yes, can't sleep. If we had it, ginger and more gay union, then he wouldn't have to get me raped. Okay, 1218 at 5.60WQ, here's somebody who's to work on and show with more. The beast, who's unprofessional, of course, and got blown out of there. And he just have to on a scale. He's doing his balance for life. And the good news today is... 240 and a half, so that's... And last week was 243, right? Yeah. Well, that's good. He's getting back on it. He's sliding back down again. I'm keeping that thing right over here, man. I'm going to keep real close to REC on his while I'm here, another dare too. Now, be here awhile. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll tell you one thing. This is not what I ordered when I came back down here. It's supposed to be like 75 every day, sunny and like 55 at night. Not watching my team have it bright and more across... ...the sky is falling to the freezing, it's freezing, you're gonna die. So you have a snowblower? Oh, I'm gonna go out and buy one today along with my ozone blower. There's a lot of blown going on. Have I heard the morning show? 19 past noon at 5.60, WCQA, I'm up to that pole, man. We got what we got. Four million votes on it. The final runoff. It'll be up there all week, and you can dittle with it. Oh, that was beautiful. 438 votes. Your favorite softball to business. That's no longer their miscained babies for. 10 rods for which is we apologize. 3 guys pizza for. And why did you say that castaway seafood is out of business? I can't believe you did that to our good new friend, the new owner. See, they're gonna believe you. Just a joke, guys. Okay, I'll avoid George and talk about the bad wig. Shaky's five Heming Ways five, Dollhouse six, I'm going from the bottom up for the variety. Incredible universe, eight Morrison Caveterian, Peaches and Hearty's each have eight. Hearty's just got those great shroom burgers, man. Will Medko theater nine Wags ten, Malibu Grand Prix 12, Burton's Acts 13. Wasn't lucky for them, I guess. Pumpernexen, Uno's Pizza 14, J. Byron's 15, Jordan Marsh 15. Comedians. Knowing what oyster house 19, table or club 20, Sambo's 20, Hollywood's Fortatory of 21, Wolfies 23, Topless Car Wash 28, sunrise musical, V8 or 41, Six Flags, Align is Water Park 44, Eastern Airlines 46, And Bobby Medoro Stadium, do we believe it? No, 54. Because this is such a big big baseball town. Back from Matthew says, There are Hearty's all around the country and quite a few in Florida, A closest to us is in Fort Myers, Forty-Nahe hundred Palm Beach Boulevard Fort Myers Florida. It's even got the phone number. There's also a Dollhouse in sunny Isles, And it also says F-Mose, I'm Matthew. P-S, is that Matthew Bell? Yes, is that Matthew Bell? Matthew Bell? P-S didn't even want to just rich in apartment stores. Yes, they did. Sorry Matthew, so far you're head. Yeah, what, in fact, I think what we should do is next week, We'll have people calling everything and say, Was this one on the list? We'll put them all in alphabetical order. And we'll say, yeah, it was, okay, thank you. Because that's pretty much what we're getting now. I mean, we had so many on here. How many more businesses could there be? 20, 30 million? That don't no longer around? Here's sunrise, hello. Today, Neil? Yes, here's a good day. I have to be an air conditioning contract. And I was wondering if anyone has spoken to you about New Zealand filtration system. No. This is kind of a, this is used mostly in commercial application. My hospitals, right, rules and stuff. And it's just now being started to use in residential. But what it does is it fades the air coming in and the air going out in a certain section of the light and kills 100% of anything that gets them right. Yeah. Yeah. It's really helpful in hospitals and now using it as residential applications. It's also known how mothers and children are about quite that soon. Right. And you're interested in all of it. Get my number to George and maybe stop by. What's your system? Okay. Hang on. I'm appreciate it. Hold on. Thank that gentleman's number all the way. I think I'm going to get all of you got me hooked up with somebody that works here. Or who's a relative works here who's, um, once hung out with somebody who ever it is. I think we got that cover. But just in case, okay, because this guy seems like he wants a little plug. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound five. What are you doing in there? You dropped me. Yeah. Got his punishing George because he don't like broccoli. I don't like broccoli either because he's a good. That this in a noodle palm hearts of palm clog your artery soup by the gallon. Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Fort Lauderdale's gone. Hello. And you got cookies and North Miami Beach. Got it. Get a new phone. Phone stores to Lure. I hate a bad phone. He's in a bad cell. Okay. Maybe he'll put him in a one with Al Goldstein. Although he won't have any food left over. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound five, 60 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. George wants it over his rating bonuses number one and number two of the new contract is. I just mentioned those things in passing because I try to go to bad form. Keep in mind though, George. One thing. Break H. You'll keep that in mind. Lighthouse point. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I got a couple. I think you forgot. I got a small steakhouse. Never heard of it. On this cane, just north of 79. That reminds me speaking of slow and steakhouse. That wasn't owned by a guy named Orny Sloan. Was it? Yeah, I don't know. We used to have a guy in WNWWS 100 years ago. He used to do the show on a weekend called Behind the Velvett Rope. His name was Ernie Sloan. He talked with the wheel. Have he your P and X? He was a food guy. And then there was Gallagher's about a block. Had it. Oh, and the Lure. Had that. Jackie Goosens pubs. Had it. And the last one would have a restaurant. Had it. Thank you. Well, see, ordinarily, you think what I call was kind of a waste of time. But he mentioned Sloan. Ernie Sloan. Behind the Velvett Rope. I bet you some of our real old people are listening from 75. Have some of that stuff. It'll be real good practice for your show on Sunday. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. Thanks again to Wayne Arville, 125th and Northwest 7th. Have it to in North<|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|zh|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|><|vi|> du  tr<|hr|> l at least. Oh! Speaking of which, I'm so- you see, sometimes I forget things because they're so much cool and on, you know, like it's cold. So much cool and on here, cold as a witch is as- but guess who sang the national anthem at the first play I'll game which would have been the Eagles in the U.S. last Sunday? I'll give you a clue, David Hassellovov. Friend of your- wrong sex, I think, wrong gender. She knows you, you know her. All in Daniel, blonde. More famous than that. Mirried somebody, I like a lot. The f***ing bitch. Come on! How many- how many blonde singers are at least singers I use, loosely, have been in a studio with you? Oh, Jessica Simpson. Oh, I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. Oh, Jessica Simpson. Oh, Jessica Simpson. Did she get new boobs? I didn't ask. I'll ask Nick. Take a look at them. Yeah, if you can see them, then she got new boobs. So in other words, she doesn't have any boobs. She didn't. Well, maybe Nick thinks she's a guy. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Boy, you talk about her group of, I think, 98 degrees or so good. Of all those boy bands at Whole genre, they really could sing. I'm not talking about it in the studio where like anybody can be with us on good because like the back door voice couldn't seem the way to have a paper sack live. And I'm sure that concert I went to I got pneumonia from Woody Graber that time in Palm Beach. I'm sure that was like all canned and had to be stoked. Yeah, they lived stuck. But, 98 degrees could sing. I could probably never did any of that stuff. They sang it live. They were great. But once he got going there with Jessica, that was it. You know what you're not? Oh, good. That was the end of him. Pinecrash, tell him. Pinecrash. Good afternoon. Yes, sir. Yeah, I was wondering if anybody said, okay, season pinecrash. Okay, season. Is now gone. Oh, I'll be damned. Great Irish place. Terrible food, but great place. Okay. And also, there's a cream donut just to be down in color. Yeah, that was on there. Okay. Thank you. I appreciate love the show. Well, not a two-way bet. Thank you. Okay, there's a guy under 100 is reminiscing a little bit. We understand a lot of you punk stuff. There are a lot of you punk stuff. Well, they're other people like it. Okay. Let's have something for all us old farce. Just once a year, maybe. You know, leave us alone. We're living in a past and quite frankly, look at what we got now. Oh, look at what's on George. There's over five years. This hidden cost to filter replacements and electricity can add up to over a thousand dollars. The ionic freeze quadrant requires no filters and uses almost no electricity. Try it in your home for two months. If you don't love it, send it back. Shopper image will be- Five easy payments of only 70 bucks. Through this exclusive offer. He says, screw this off. Then you a free bathroom ionic freeze. Who's this thing coming up? Well, this is a few more for the radio. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, that's a new thing 24 hours a day. The $69 faster, myionic freeze is yours free when you order today. And that's right on the moment. My five is sure to ask about three shipping. Go. $500 by zero to eight nine. Help deliver the cable. He doesn't deal a little more cut for me. Okay. I'll I'm sure will. Because it's a Miguel said it's somebody that somebody knows. Here's one that says dear kneel. You forgot God, Father's pizza. No, we didn't. Doesn't qualify. We got him by the head's gas station. Does this time like a lower redundant to all of these? Better than pizza and dominosia, but of course dominosia. Oh, oh, oh, oh. I guess the less I say about dominosia happier they'll be, you know, anybody would confuse that with pizza. I mean, that's not even Italianish. No. Here's what it says. Oh, Clarence brought me another track. Thank you. My favorite is a Florida business that's no longer around. I don't understand this plantation hospital. This is a chronic regular factory who must spend a lot of time watching a general hospital and guiding light and the passions. Where they seem to have the town seems to spend a good part of their time in hospital. Just hang it around. Plantation hospital, not plantation general, which is still there. Plantation hospital was on sunrise, but about across from plantation north high school. Right behind the JB, what is it? Before the JCC. I love that place, what a blast. All I must have been somebody's picky stuff going on there. Plantation hospital, you know? Must have been a lot of people that I'm hospital beds. Er, she catch my drift. What was that movie? Which one? The one where all of them will be where they're doing all of it. Gaslight. Gaslight with Audrey Hepburn and the Charles Boyan. That was it. 560, 50560. Where they were doing all the crap in a hospital. Was it not hospital, Jrtsy Scott? This was like a slapstick thing. I know what you're talking about. I saw it. Yeah. What tell was that? It was good. It'll come to us. Right after we go to Godfather's. Here's Kendall. Hello. And Penn Ross. Yes sir. And the elbow room. I love your show. There's two business I can remember. One was Miami Serpentarium. Remembering. Had it. What about Tammy and he gun shop on Bird Road? Okay. What about it? 560, but I tell you after today that we're drawn the line. Remember what Johnny Cash said? I draw the line. I walked it. Well, look what happened to him. It's still happening. Yeah. They're all of his face all the lines. But he's looking not too good, Johnny. He's got a burning desire. And it's written all over his craggy push. 524. Why do I just see how much food I've moth yanked out of here? Those burgers were extremely good this time. Yeah. They always get better each time. Wayne Arnold and his good close like Tato to the long range. Hudson. Who probably drives a stutabaker. Don't you love this the way he always brings me in the latest literature. Wayne Arnold or Davey Town Council. You got one too. Yeah. The skills, the integrity, and this is, and I'm not sure. Oh, see, it's got a slimmer picture and a much fatter picture. Seriously, he amazes me. You remember last time he was in here, I was scared for me. He weighed 600 pounds and he was like, He was like a human walking wrinkle. Today he looked pretty good. Maybe he binges and purges, but like for months of the time. Or maybe there's more than one arm like like, like, Sodom. Huh? He's a twin. A clone. He's got a new one. Yeah, maybe he's been cloned by the clone aid railions. 19 to 1 at 5.60 WQA. And if you want to get yourself a great night sleep tonight, tomorrow night, and then next several months and years to come. Get a great name brand. Mattress is going to be to a price from you know by now. If you don't listen to this show, Thalametrus. Call 1-800-MATT-RES. They'll have you sleep in like a baby for months and years to come. They got Seely, Surtah, Simmons King Quill. You know all those names because of the top names in the business. And they've got them all in every size and style they're embedded. When you call 1-800-MATT-RES, you'll talk with experts, betting consultant who knows their crap inside and out. And they'll hook you up exactly the one you're looking for because they got it in stock. No bait and swish, no phony sales just great unbeatable everyday low prices. And delivery like you never heard of in your life. Because they deliver when you want it. Any day, 7 days a week, two hour window you pick noon to 2-1-3. Whenever it's convenient for you, Dilemma tries to sell for their 99% on time record. So do what all of us here at QM are doing that more and more. George has done it, but he's doing it right now as a matter of fact. I'd be doing it. We got a great mattress from Dilemma Trace and love it every second of it. Call 1-800-MATT-RES for Dilemma Trace. They'll have you sleep in like a baby for like 10,000 years. I don't know if this is for 20 or 5 seconds. You way, yeah. I do, you best dude. A commercial you're about to hear has been adolescently subjected to a moronic series of edits and changes with no adorst nor authorization by the original advertiser. I apologize however, stand by our mission to make everything that is good and decent because ridiculous is possible. Just days after Coca-Cola announces their new flavor vanilla coke, here comes a new date from Pencey. The joy of French toast, new French toast Pepsi. Smooth, a-e-creamy, carbonated bread. The joy of French toast, new French toast Pepsi. Available now. You're used to like some things. Pepsi a lot until they dump it. You know it. Till they dump her ass. She's a little bit too racy for the image they want to portray. Maybe they'll go back to somebody more normal like Michael Jackson. It's 14 till 1 is 5. Yeah, they got some nerve. They dump her. They had Michael Jackson on their wedding. He was burning his hair up. But she's just a little bit too bizarre. And maybe a little bit too sexual. You know, it's stuff like that. Man, I wonder coke berries them. I mean Pepsi tastes so much better. Not even a coke taste like medicine, which is what it was. Yeah, right, that's right. It was originally sold by an carnival. The carnie guys. It was sold like a hangover ready. Yeah, it's a all-around remedy with cocaine. And a mixer. Cocaine. Or a good mixer. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a AT&T line. I'm telling you, after today, no more of these, except maybe a couple more days. How long have I been saying that? It's like it's just open up Pandora's box, man. Look what popped out. Here's where am I? Fort Lauderdale. Hello? Yes, sir. Must be the ozone. Yeah, just one or the talk about this one restaurant called Bubba's restaurant in Jazz Club. I think we hand that. Oh, you did? Yeah. Right down the street from Peaches on Sunrise. Yeah. Can you believe that Peaches is that that Peaches is gone? I used to love going there. I mean, that was there. I had to be there for like 600 years, don't you think? Yeah. It's probably been turning it into an auto toy store. Again, just what we need our few more auto toy stores. Yeah, so we might notice the FBI is going there. It's great to come down here because they're all the greats went there. You've got it. Okay, I have a great day, pal. All right, thanks. He's right. You see that story about the auto toy store on a couple of days ago, but they were like investigating and palpitating and no. Almost bought a Lamborghini there, many years ago. I remember back in those, and now you don't. For our days, what about him? I'm just saying, didn't vinyl Ferrari there was like next door, whatever's next door to the auto toy store. You just got rid of your Ferrari. Good. I wonder if you'll so much better, and I'm so much happier. Look at my core vets for like a third of the price of those kinds of other cars. I just know what you can actually take it out and drive it. As opposed to those other cars, which are toys for rich boys, which leads me up. Leave it in the garage, clean it with a diaper. Toys for plastic, assholes, and believe you may, there's nothing worse. Like the tidy bull man says, then a plastic asshole. If you get cold, it can't serve. Is that what they put in? Right. Here's for Lauderdale, hello. Yeah, Neil. I'll think about that while I'm enjoying my white hot. Yes sir. Two days left, girl. I think it's on the list of the... Really? Okay. Yeah. Same for answers. I'll be damned. And my Gordon seafood rat. No, that was on there. One out of two ain't bad though, 500 even Pete Rose didn't buy 500. Right. Great job the whole thing. Yeah, Pete Rose now's going to admit that he a better baseball. What'd we do? Yeah. So now can I get in? See, I used to be in favor of getting in because he is supposed to be in those things based on how you played, not on what you were scumbag or not. You know? But now that they're trying to say, oh, well, he'll be a great spokesman for the game. Yeah, right. Ask some of the tellers that the tracks around Talbot, a great spokesman for the game he'll be, okay? Plunging his brains out, Pete. Huh? At least at last report, with those big stacks of hundred dollar bills on the table, and it vanished very rapidly from what I'm hearing. Come on, Pete. Tell us it ain't true. Tell us you're not gambling no more like a wild man. Aren't you concerned about that? Whether Pete Rose gets in? George is sorry. How do you about it? Here's a call from Tampa. Hello. Where we discovered that Donna tells us still open. That's a good news. Yep. There's door out. Excellent. Hey, what a white hot. They're like brought worst. Oh. They're indigenous to upstate New York Rochester and the, the invariants. They're never had any money out of go up to Rochester. And the summertime though, it's warm up there for about four or five days. You mentioned a WIOD tribute website with Big Wilson and Bill Couther on there. Right. Uh, can, do you know how I can find that, that website? Uh, I think you'll just have to do a search for Bill Couther Big Wilson. Because I don't, it was geocity something, but I don't, I, I never got it. Yeah, I tried to do a search on Google with, uh, with, you know, both of those names. How about Mike, you know, you do a micro-neary search, R-E-I-N-E-R-I. Okay. Because it, it's definitely got to be there. Alright, thanks. You bet. Yeah, we miss, uh, look at that. Isn't that pathetic Big Wilson? Uh, what's the name? Bill Couther. Just a, just relax. Ryan Couther. Ryan Couther and Bill Couther. One of my best friends of all time. Great guy. And the micro-neary. Really good guy. All gone. Brighten or processed to the, what are in channel for though? Her, easy on guy, you know. We just, we don't wish, Brian any, you'll, a health. We just want him to go away. Don't go away, Mad Brian. We'd much rather see Bob Soker. Because he's a good friend of ours. And he's not as melodramatic. He doesn't put on stupid leather gloves. Just because he's going to get down to like 35 or 37 degrees. I mean, that's, you understand how I feel. Having just come back from a December, in Toronto, at least half of the month. And half of the December and Amsterdam, where it's even more bitter. I mean, really bitter. And then coming in, and then these people are like, I'm like, I'm such a pussy. He's meant, oh, it's going to be so cool. Oh, gee. And you idiots run into the, the store to buy up a bunch of supplies. What do you have to get supplies for when you have a couple of cold nice. My idea is turning a heat on. Yeah, but I do. No, no, no, no, no. Yeah, that's true. You could get snow on a canned goods. Yeah. What a couple of bears should be rooting for. You're going to do about that. Man. The media in this country has got everybody in it. Well, we don't need ozone. We got to media to drive everybody nuts. Well, these are really good today. No, you're right. Chewy. Every time they come here, the food gets a little bit better. When it gets a little bit fatter, Hudson gets a little more yucks. He just lasts it up. You love the neighborhood, by the way. Or how's that go? You won't love the neighborhood, but you love the food. Right. Well, they're in the daytime. 125th and Northwest 7th time. They do have a drive through. What? I think that's a drive by. Ah, they have a drive through. But my suggestion is keep the windows closed real tight in night. Why? And local. We're sports video 560C. We're 2AM. Farnished with the sewer of this place. Jump in the taxi car. But that driver should go home. You look dead mean. So quish going. If I could tell if he was in the dog. So I acted out my pocket. My pocket is red. And with my arms, the trees are made. There's no bug. Speak English. Penema. I went down to my, yeah, I met Beachwear, the weather is nice. I'm shunning. I walked into a little gut stall. But the guy there talks real fun. I asked him for a pint of cold gym beaming. He says, no, I'm the end of what does that mean? The butt is too English. I got him more. That corner deli. Hell, I think I'm in Pakistan. He's English smelly. All you can go back to the hour. I'm right. I came here. I've already heard the go. Learn my ABC. I don't say much as gross. Yes. I said pretty good. So get yourself to a classroom quick. You're an American now. Stop making me sick. You know, but it's dangerous. Come on in. Oh, great. Like, pumpkin the end is by 60. WQA, I'm almost at the end of another week. What is week here went by a fact? You know, in a spot of all the assight coaches and angst in history. So anyway, our best advice is that watch your back. I think maybe they, you know, because the guest had been kind of weak. Anyway, here's a fact. It just came in and say. Now let's fight people. Gotta stick to give his act. You're okay at our book. Okay, but those guests. Long time, listen, first time. Facts are this one says I just finished reading a book. I think you'll enjoy. It's called Waitin' Hear This George. Since there we're dealing this with all kinds of stuff. We've never talked about her. It's called Fast Food Nation. The Dark Side of all of them. The All American Meat by Erich Schloss. Well, how is he going to know that? I not only talked about it any. But I think that's the fact that book is something my apartment in Toronto way. So I'll read Peter when I go back up there. It attacks the fast food and this evening mainly McDonald's. I'll personally never put a hamburger in my mouth again. The book is, follow, amazing statistics and facts and shows just why we're such an obese nation. Enjoy your, Peter. Enjoy your show, Peter. Says. Thanks, Peter. It is a great book. We talked about it at a link. But the problem is because we're creatures of habit and we like to wait things taste. You know, you read all of that stuff. Yeah, I'm never going to touch that again. But I'll just take, I'm never going to never burger and we'll do it. You know, you just don't think about it. No. Think about what? I mean, like if you're going to sit down and have a great stick, you don't think about the slaughter houses. And all those things we're talking about here today, you see the filth and the blood on the floor and the schmutz. You just don't think about that. Right. You think, oh, it's nice and it's more of the perfection and it's nice and juicy and lousy and goosey. It came from the steak tree. Mmm. That's one of my favorites. The steak tree. Anyway, what's your favorite self load of business? Well, it's been a long time. We asked our final. It's up there all week and the rogers.com. 546 votes on a few of our real Eastern Airlines is moving into first place. I like that. Bobby Mendoor will forget about him. Six flags at Lannis. Water Park Sunrise Musical Theater. Topless Car Wash, Wolfies Playboy Club. Hollywood's for the Trem. And we're going to the roister house. And you know what we left off of there? What about the first team? Bye. Bye. Bye. It's nothing like a Tasha host holding a big black build that way. You're going to do an update.