The beat is the bass off! Fuck a moon! Alright, it looks like Neil's been at some of that diet food again. Hey, anything for your new talent? Welcome back to the Morning Sickness Crew. Oh, he's only talking about sports at a rapid pace. Oh, hold on. The whole night before, after here. Stop! Hey, you think that's good? When I listen to Jack Lass night, a horse I've been on was so slow. The junkie kept it diaries. Oh, that carol in the bed that Gail had was raped in the harry, games, locker room. Oh, yeah. Yeah, and thanks for making his studio smell better, but it's okay. We got the three and comics on the line. Hi, Litchie. What's going on, man? Yeah. And you know that from the inside, you know that from the inside, nobody knows about the crash in the 380 micro. Whether, whether, whether, whether they are in the moss milk. When we say the machine, do you know that from the inside? Yeah, what did he say? What did he say? Hey, I'm a student at the bathroom. Who promised to play with the money, sir? And look at him and come with that. Tell him and that, who the abuse you took, got to it. We're a loser, I'm a nation. Hey, the money will not be on the line of care, sir. You don't take the left country. We give, we've got to tell you, we can record it even. Not a judge, we want it. But it's just written on the internet. We'll be there, but he won't be there. Thank you for your call. Yeah. Okay, it's time for another point to interact with comedy bit. Oh boy. All right, if a view, go the horn. So, where go the? Yeah. You go the. So, go the. What's your take on college at the leads? Who aspires to play? Schmeer? The queer. Yeah. You got up against playing it. Yeah. Are you raise your child? I take a break. Do what you said about grab soccer. Sounds like a real ice queen if he asked me. Yeah, what you why? Well, let's not get into that. Oh, look, we got the guy with the eyes, but if they're dying today, hi, you can eat. Oh, good. Thank you for your call. And just more fun and your balls off with us are rated, isn't it? Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. So, I guess, uh, me, foes trying to uh, warm his way back again again is all crew. You think so? The morning crew. They must think he has a few points. The management here. That's what it looks like that 20 letter of the editor in yesterday's The Hero Which I never want to know about except for the fact Mo was going ballistic this morning. I was going Mo. I thought it, I can hear his wig hopping around his forehead crawling around just having an nervous breakdown. Come on, Mo. Just calm down. Can't handle it. This is such a negative place. How come this would be in everybody's box spreading so much negativity. What kind of an asshole would do that in this place since spread it. Everybody's box. Don't be spreading anybody's box. So can't keep in mind. Dad, traffic. I'm Mark Morgan on Sports Radio 560 8. Oh, I'm going to play that 6,000 times today. You know, I'm, I'm the squeeze of my kneecap. I'm so sad about that. Whoo. Anyway, there's this fake letter of the editor. Well, making a really easy gym lesson plantation. What if the audience decides first I want to mention, no? We have three very strange memos that came up right after the show on Friday. At least the Kim over my fact machine. I thought maybe there were like some more emails that Mo got. But not that exciting. There's about positions available on us to end the engineering department. Senior broadcast engineer, staff engineer one and staff engineer two. A one and a two and whatever else you got. Huh? I don't understand this. I don't know. What do we eat? All these new engineers about unless of course the station actually be in the sold now. If they think that's a possibility. Don't tease. We can only pray. Okay. The pool from over the weekend. Big response. Of course not the right responses but you can't hear anything. 1820 some votes. What was the worst chapter in American history? We left off an obvious one. Was that the having of Mo on QIM? Oh. I would've had a put us over 2000. What was the worst chapter in American history? Slavery, 144. The 2000 presidential election. 3. 1989. Slavery, American Indians, 289. Vietnam, 202. The Civil War 147. Vietnam only 11.1%. Thought that was the worst chapter in American history. So obviously they haven't been watching the born on the 4th of July. Or their memories were very bad right. What they know about history. Or all of you think. Civil War 147. The assassinations of the 60s JFK, Martin Luther King and Bobby Kennedy. In 1999, 5.4% of this audience thought that those three assassinations were the most grotesque periods in the history of the human race, were the worst chapter in American history. Should have been top three at the worst. The attack on Iraq 73. And here's an interesting one. Monica Gate 67. But all the pens are now you look at that. Right. It was an ugly chapter. Now how come all those calls are runner? I give out problems. Oh, that was before George told me what the poll was going to be. What do you mean by that? I did that. And I was always saying, it's always the one I ever knew to you guy. Miami, hello. Yes, sir. I was like going to call us. Oh, yeah. I'm just curious now. I'm calling to asterb by the way anything or to get your pissed off. But I was curious as to what you did the week. It's the first call of the week. I don't really pissed off on the first call. We're going to have to do this. Well, you know, I noticed. Okay, it's just a stick you right. I know I just, I don't know. I don't want to push off. But listen up before you. Why do you keep saying that? Okay. I'm sorry. I won't say it anymore. Get to it. Okay. What is it going to take? I know it's the long list. You probably need a freaking counted. What is it going to take for you and motor becomes like? I mean, I have to apologize as you have to. What is it? I'm not going to answer this for what for the fact that he's a dottering old cool. We like to do that everybody can. Like, you know, I mean, what is it? I mean, we, we have, I'm pretty sure the audience will like to know what, what, I mean, you've said most of everything. But I was just curious. What the hell? No, see, that's because I'm up front. I do my stuff right on a year. So everybody knows where I'm coming from. I suppose to try to get people can be off the, you know, cool stuff behind the scenes and stab people in the bank. I mean, I don't know if you care of you. But I was the last call over. So I'm not talking to them. I can hear that. I don't, we don't listen to the last hour and a half of this show. I was talking to the rating. I'll talk about the ratings. And he seems to be like a little pompous answer because every time I was out of to speak, you know, you, George, I hear you breathing hard in the background of fire. I'm just going to be. Well, what is the point of this, sir? Molin, I are not going to get along. I'm surprised. And I will dance on his grave and have a nice day. Although I didn't do there like it says, that letter from default. I mean, from Jim Lens in plantation. Why not lift the collar to side when the conversation should end? I've got to be one of the most amusing lines I've ever, why not lift the collar to hit this guy just got off the air. He was the last collar on Moe show and I was calling me. And you wonder why we cut people short? Get your own guy damn show, okay? Puts? What's the going to take? It's not going to take it. Maybe I'll find many bugs. I'll do what I think. Small bills. And when I never finished the pull result, Monica gave 67. But like I said, it depends on how you look at it. It was embarrassing chapter, but probably, well, for you see what I'm saying? I understand. The depression 58. The internment of Japanese Americans during WWW 22 votes. WWW 215. Watergate 12. Monica gave had 67 and Watergate, which resulted in the only resignation by American president in our history at only 12 votes. Right. World war one had one and Gulf war one had none, which of course, in both of those cases, good job. But Watergate had only 12? Wow. Can't complain about the American people's knowledge of history, because generally speaking, they don't have any. But we got a good response. That's how we care about it. Now, was this last guy battling about? What's it going to take? Yeah, what's going to take to get you to get a live? Okay, sir. We don't get along. We're not going to get along. I decide like I've put a million times. And it's not stick. I would be delighted to dance on the man's grave. He's done too many bastardly things. And there's no way, you know, like at the beginning of the show. Newly is next. Like all of us say, this man is unspeakable. No words to describe him. No seriously. It's like a, like a husband that comes home and beats his wife and kids. And just goes crazy and starts throwing crap. And then goes after a couple of hours and comes back saying, Hey, hi, honey. What's for dinner? You know, it doesn't make any sense. You know, it doesn't make any sense. It doesn't make any sense. It's too late now, you know. It's like O.J. trying to suck up to the Brown family. In fact, himself over his supper. I don't think there are any invitations coming O.J. That's the same thing. What's it going to take? Anyway, here's this letter. I guess we'll do the break first. But there's some real telltale signs real tip-offs in his letter. In the sports section in the Herald yesterday, which I never, I mean, you would think that all the reading that I do on the internet, I'm going to waste my time reading the sliders to the sports editor in a Herald. So if it wouldn't been for the fact that Moe and Ballisticon is, and of course, he went ballistic. Obviously, not even understanding reading between the lines in his letter because he hasn't been around long enough to have any idea what he's talking about. How would he know? That's right. So he would have no idea that all of these lines that are in his letter are lines there. They're deeple-wism, so, not seriously. I think Jim Lenses either another identity of Jeff DeForce, or maybe it's Pauli, the Pauli Man's boyfriend. I don't know who it is. Yeah, it's his mom depuned. That must be it. It is a real mystery. In this letter, I'll try to that right now. Which we'll get to. And a bunch of other good stuff. Here's a great website for you. Whitehouse.org. In fact, Beaner Boys put in a link to it on our website right now. Everybody must go, in fact, I got a couple of great articles. I loved it one about SpongeBob SquarePan. He just faced. Yeah. You might-you ought to check this out right now. Land over Baptist Church where the worthwhile worship unsaved or not welcome as Jesus commanded. Pastor, it's supposed to be a little cartoon character near SquarePan. And on the pictures, his warning, he must be saved to the age of 18 in order to rub your mouth over the image. And the image is the eyes with the nose on top. It's like the upside down head. Only when you rub your mouth on it, it turns into something else. It's a different kind of head. It's a lot of past nine at five, 60 WQAmen. How come I didn't let that call around a little bit longer, you know? Yeah. He didn't let you know what he was done. Oh, I think he was done. How many times did he hear about an opportunity? And you didn't act as set there like you were frozen like you were in suspended animation. You missed out. Well right now is one of those times. Rarely does an opportunity interrupt your important life, but this one should interest rates of gone down even lower than ever before. Financial group was offering an interest rate of 3.45% then lowered it to 2.95%. Now rates have gone down even lower. 45% financing with financial group, let me say it again. 2.45%. Confidential group toll free at 1.894 Oland. How long will these interest rates last? Probably not very long, so let's say window of opportunity, which we invited a hop right to your financial group and get you an incredible low rate of just 2.45% and save thousands and thousands of dollars. Confidential group toll free 1.894 Oland. What will 2.45% financing do to those monthly payments? A $200,000 loan? You pay only $786 per sum. A $100,000 loan. You pay only $3.93 a month. Do it now, confidential group toll free 1.894 Oland. That's 1.894 OLE and V. The Manicula Housing Lender. Credit restrictions do apply and rates are subdued. Change without notice 5.34 APR. 6.45. Aup. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 12. 10. 10. 10. you a spoiled old get him right at him. What's your opinion? I mean, what's your take? On the recent changes at WQA, well, I'm glad that old bag is gone because I want to hear sports all day. You know, just real men talking all day about men. Now, I know they got that Cuban filler. He's building in, but he talks too much about women. You know, he's a straight guy. Now, I want to hear other men, old glother, men's firm, but tacky going. Well, that's what sports is all about, buddy. Give me all sports, radio, where they old women all day. Give me all sports, radio, a graph, myself. When I hear a powerful, setty, look how fast he can run, look how fast he can jump. Let the kinds of men act to hold in it all sports, radio, or the man that man likes men. I'm 17 at 5.60 WQA, I'm happy Monday, two. Got the man dog. I want to clap this afternoon. The hump or a tool is the three. It looks like we're back to like we're almost real schedule, except of course, her cone hotline at 7. The big 8 to 10. It'd be K from G8 and a two in July Mark overnight. No ball game today, no hockey game, no basketball game, no baseball game, no football game, no a draft to just a good regular day of a great programming for all the two in joy, free, but Jim and Plantation Jim Lens. In Plantation, I'm just going to read the letter, okay? Lens analyze it. In addition to which this clown, it calls here that felt he was had such important stuff to say calls the last call on Mosho and calls me to start to show here today. Back to back. See, most of this audience doesn't care about whether Mola and I'm in fences because most of this audience says a listener is showing a first place. And probably vice-versy except for the few Osham Pavakintura radio groupies out there that just can't shut it off. They want to stir up a bunch of crap like that guy. See, some people would brains it rather smoke the pot. Other people are just can't afford any, they just want to stir it. You know? And then, of course, you got the real losers, you just want to sit around and pick the seeds out. Anyway, this letter, talk radio needs a boost. Now, I want you to listen very carefully, even though it's a throwaway thing. But listen to the content. Listen to the style. It's clear that WQM's general manager Greg Wee needs to energize how our day of its morning show and the Jim Managing Hank Goldberg shows need changes. This is Jim and Plantation, who's our new program directors, if we don't have enough of those already. David, a stand-up radio host, and of course we do know he did the show standing up with guilty about two weeks ago for about five minutes, and his old Theverico's veins started kicking in, had a sit down again. David, a stand-up radio host, on characterously and characteristically faded like a cheap Plamer at Gulstream Park. Okay. Are you following that line there? Faded like a cheap Plamer at Gulstream Park. Oh my god, you can smell the corn and it's not coming from Iowa. The foe. When a February car rashed into comment on some Neil Rogers remarks on a show with a D, there's no D in my name, okay? The D isn't David, did it? He took one of those extra D's on the end of David, and put it in my name. David, it was an opinion there, everything said I only worry about what happens between six and nine a.m. Howard gives you a opinion our Rogers be a good or bad. Has anybody done that? I could last 13 months, yes? Which he's entitled? David should inform his listeners on these specific support he thinks is lacking by WQM management. Now you'll notice that all of this is an outgrowth of a very jackass column. Remember when most of the year was disappointed in the lack of support, remember that one? Yes. And also about the Greg Reed saying that he needs to energize this year. All of this is just a rip off and very jackass. This is very jackass is a bunk but buddy, who knows? However, Paul Messel should be brought in as a third personality to live it up the morning show. And of course, everybody's saying, who? So I'm assuming that that must be the Pauli man since he and D, for where he joined the D, I was starting to get the, yeah. Messel is clever, glib and very funny, and he would have a much needed honor charismatic chemistry to the show. Maybe some of those D, Paul, losers, I mean people can let us know for sure, but I'm pretty sure that's the Pauli man, who is not funny, not a needed on air and there would add no chemistry to any show. And definitely shouldn't be on this station again ever, under penalty of death. Even though WQA has a reputation of being cheap, a co-host needs to be added to man this show. It says his man is capable of intelligent conversation more than 30 seconds with any caller. The competent Wolverines seems to pride himself in getting the caller off the ear as soon as possible, and he rudely cuts off the caller too soon. Oh, right. Here comes that jackpot line. Why not let the caller decide when the conversation should end? And in fact, that first guy to call this is more, he's probably still talking. Like you're in Tia. He probably was talking all the way through his mo call and all the way through our beginning of the show to open, and all the way through the first bit. Fuh, fuh, fuh, fuh, fuh, fuh, Anyway, why not let the caller decide when, I mean, stop and think about that. Okay, let the caller decide whether he's done talking. We have some people to be on till midnight. Then Jim and plantation goes on to say, Jeff de Forest would add needed stick to the managed gig. At first of all, keep in mind, manages to ingest great his numbers are sensational. He's only got a two hour show. Plus the only works about three days. I'm out anyway. Let me take a look. Is he on all week this week? Oh, my God. Oh, say just to show me up. He's going to be on every day this week. So it says on a schedule. But you know what? I'll just get it. But nevertheless, he's only got a two hour show. He needs Jeff de Forest on a show. Like I need hemorrhage. Like Moneeds more vericose veins. And then it goes on to say since the guy don't want to leave anybody out, Goldberg's picture is next to the word B-O-R-I-N-G in the dictionary. Where does that line come from about somebody's picture being next to Warden the dictionary? Who uses that all the time? Yeah, I'll never go. His unpredictable color timers are disgraced with profession. Why does Reed allow Goldberg to continue to be rate callers? I'll tell you why Jim because it's entertaining because that's what we love best about the offer. His way does give pissed off and he starts bitching people out on the phone. It's entertainment. That's what it's called. Dinnacles on the say sports talk radio should be fun, lively and thought provoking. In other major markets, sports talk radio pairs likeable personalities that make for enjoyable, color friendly, humorous and intelligence sports conversation. Sunny South Florida sports talk radio deserves better. Sunny South Florida sports talker. This is a letter that I'll be framed up at. This is the kind of stuff that the Miami-Herald waste their print. Waste their valuable space on. Is this letter from a gift of forest or from the polyman or Jim Lensett that take your pick? That would be a good pull and many pull. Put your secretive oath of slither. Faded like a cheap climber at Gulsfim Park. Oh my god. There's only one person in the history of mankind and who that uses corny corny lines like that. Be foe. Oh brother. Today's pull inspired by this story. Fast food for troops. This is a true story about the way not one that we're making up like the one. The ones from White House and Don't Order, which are much more entertaining. This is kind of entertaining. The borders are still shut. The diplomats have yet to travel. But on-voice from Pizza Hut and Burger King have arrived in Iraq. They're never going to poison whoever's left. The two fast food giants set up their first franchises inside the war turned country while many eight convoys waited on the borders for the war to officially end. In other words, they were in their first, you following this? Right. The trucks, the convoyes, with a good stuff, they were on the outside. And Pizza Hut Burger King, their people were inside already. And go to the ovens going. Get that conveyor belt going. In fact, you know something they haven't commented both youth conveyor belt. Right. That's a true story. Though you were that a burger king, they cooked a burgers and conveyor belt. Am I aware of it? They used to work there. They got a guy that slices up the tires in the back. Right. And they got, well, what are they called? They're called us. They're called, right. They got the tires in the neighborhood. They used to mold and get that little round patty of rubber. And they stuff it to the conveyor belt. And that's a that's a a wiper. So wiper to allow when they tell you that's a hamburger. Anyway, the two fast food giants set up their first franchises inside the war and turned country while many eight convoys waited. The arrival of the two restaurants, sighted inside giant trailers on a British military base near Bosra, when a raptor is welcome from soldiers, whose limited range of rations lost or appeal many weeks ago. But some offices were less than keen on the newer rivals, which are due to start selling food today. Since this is yesterday's awful. Yeah. Today. I would prefer we got decent showers in toilet sort of not first murdered one high-ranking officer. Yeah, they're going to need those toilets. Ha ha ha ha. Fast food outlets are coming in US bases, including camp, Doye and Kuwait, but it's believed to be the first time they've been set in inside a British military base. We'll get even with those bastards. Put down the spotted dick. Here's a wiper. Another officer was directly involved in the franchise process, said it's an Americanism. We usually have them off the base, but because it still awards on, we have to give them protection. Promotion to open a restaurant was granted to the army, and they'll be run by existing franchise holders from Kuwait, with a percentage of any profits going to charity. But soldiers waiting for a brewery franchise to be awarded our set for disappointment as military chiefs have already vetoed any booze being sold on the base, which is almost 8,000 British soldiers. A spokesman for the two restaurants, I'll tap bus sent said, I hope we do good business here. That's what I'll tap said. I hope we be doing a good business here. How do you like that? Burger King and... He's a hud. So that's our pull question today. There's my inspiration for it. Where would you never eat even if they gave you the food for free? I love this pull. I'll only put down three just to get started. I'm sure we'll have many other suggestions. McDonald's. And I would... I'd be lying if I said that because I've eaten a McDonald's like I told you. And even at midnight I like Matt Damon today. I'm really coming out of the closet. Why? Because I saw a little bit of goodwill hunting last night with the Robin Williams and Matt Damon I'd take. It looked like a pretty interesting flick. How to write with Matt Damon believe me? In my book. Anyway, McDonald's Pizza Hut and Burger King. I didn't you say something else? No, I'm having difficulty choosing between a Pizza Hut and Burger King. Okay, and then we'll add some other whole bunch of other ones in here. Where would you never eat even if they gave you the food for free? And I have one other one on a bottom. I want to mention to inspood the thought of who inspired me for this. If it's free, I'll eat it. Yeah. I'm on my mom. If it's free, I'll eat it. We'll put that as another choice. You can't even track of these now? Yes we are. Good. Speaking of it's free, I'll eat it. The Beast says he's delighted with his free food. Now we'll be free for you. But no matter how much you pay, it's worth it to lose the weight and save your life. Get healthy and looking great. Put on some real size clothing. The Beast is lost 62 pounds. On balance for life, I'll still all look all like great. But nevertheless, he's getting there. If you want to lose the weight of your first weight, it would all be other fat diets that you've tried. Maybe you lost some weight on some of the men you gained it right back. Here's the answer for you. Balance for life. No cooking, no shopping, no clean, no worries. No calorie counting, no carb counting. Just great results. Balance for life combines the knowledge of the zone diet with special emphasis on the glycimi values. Of carbs, and they do all the figuring out for you. They deliver your door a little black sack every morning. By 6 an a.m. to your home, your work reverts more convenient for you. And all your food for the day is in your sack. You'd get to choose between two alternatives. Reach meal every day that you want to program. That's your only choice you'll have to make. The food is fresh and delicious. They're chicken dishes and meal dishes. All kinds of good stuff in there. Three gourmet meals. Two delicious snacks right in your little sack. And like I said, you'll be full. You won't be starving by the end of the day. Nothing frozen nothing out of fish. So if you're sick and tear to be in fat, if you're being unhealthy, which believe me fat is what it's all about. Let balance for life help you lose the weight. The painless delicious way. Call them today and you can be a lot better looking than the beast before even hang up the phone. Call 9-5-4-5-6-8-32-29. 9-5-4-5-6-8-32-29. Or check them out on how to wicked worldwide web at balanceforlife.com. My life in local. We're sports-witty, oh five-si-c-c-u-s-u-a-m. Only Mac and I. This is Joe Bowen, the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs here listening to the hockey authority Neil Gaugh. Clear Canada once you can show your support in our rally for bats America. Will this get only one in your town, too? So call your local clear, gentlemen, on the corner and shine up now. All 50 of you will be supplied with our handheld patriotic signs of a. And we'll be invited to enjoy our catchest-style Christian barbecue while flipping off liberal descenters. The festival in Koki Kept off was a community book burning bomb fire. All you have to remember is March, our wooden lock stand and don't blink your eyes. Hey, you blink your eyes. We're the Patriots, not a little book leader. The talented film Henry was once one of the, so we took him downstairs to the quiet room. Or where did your nice guy Mr. Henry? I was a nice guy myself once, yeah. Or I had my share of liberal views in the past. And I found out Mr. Henry that the word is a school of business. Are you sure there is no need for free thought or create a pivot? Yeah, but let me say something for some. There is only a need for clear channel, general electric, calibre him, pick tell, amacoll, Chevron and show. Okay, for no one, Mr. Henry. Yeah. No, we'll make all your program, and characters liberal descenters. Okay, because Mr. Henry, you're doing really good. Okay, okay. I'm 33 at fire 60. Here's the guy who sucks, okay. Okay. WCOM. Now this fact that you just sent me, this, this is, this guy's getting to chronic. Yeah. You know what I mean? Don't you recognize this handwriting from Tom Beach? I mean, I'm not saying that it's not wrong with it, but just give it a little bit of a rest, okay. There's some people who want me to do this show is kind of like a running commentary with them on a personal basis, you know what I'm saying? Do I know what you're saying? Right, it's not the way it works. Although I do think it's a really good idea that the colors decide when they're done. Sure. Well, how about the factors? Let's have a look at you. Here's Miami, hello? The dog's done. I can tell you that. Okay. There's no parties. The dog's done. It's good smell it. Five, six, seven, oh five. That was probably Jim Lenskole and complaintation. Come on, Jim. Come on, Jim. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. I've got you sounds a lot like default or the poorly man. What a joke. What a piece. Thanks a lot more for turning this out of that letter, but he was all better shaped at some jackass. They're in a building, put it in everybody's mailbox. Why would some jackass go around and put this? See, the reason he's upset is because it takes such an nasty shot of him. You know, although it takes pretty much of a shot of everybody else, but the fact that starts out with a shot of him and the show needs some. What was it? Because I already smith can't litter. What was the award? The line? Oh, I saved it. It's down here at the bottom of the. He needs something. Like an animal. Here it is. It needs, then the Greg needs to energize it. And why does Greg allow this? Why just said a letter to Greg instead? Okay, Jim, in fact, call a Barry Jackass. So get a hold of Greg for it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10, 50, pound, 5, 60 on AT&T and Verizon line. Let's see, I'm even a little put a lot of others on here. I'm already voting for Burger King. I started to say before I interrupted myself. I can't put down McDonald's because in Amsterdam, I have already admitted to a probably in a future again. We'll eat there. Because the food there is so bad. At least McDonald's, you can do your actions but not eaten the bun. Right. You know what you're going to get? I've heard it for. The other one. The hunt? I voted for Burger King. I would pizza. I used to bring a food at Zeta was pretty good. Crucret used to make special stuff for us. Not the ordinary pedestrians. We didn't get any of the cookie cutter stuff. How are you doing, Red? Wasn't Red the Zoltens father and Laura somebody? I don't know. Yeah. I thought he was in construction or something. His father and Laura. Okay. Okay. Okay. Hey Carlos, you got that new chair seat. Mass is all fitted. Because I heard that the one George has been sitting has got coup dors. A coup dors. The plenty of notes on there. 11 people said if it's free I'll eat it. How do you like that? I'm a momma momma momma. In other words. If it's free it's me. Right. Four for McDonald's. Three for pizza and two for Burger King. And will I like I said any place else you want? Anything. Here's Miami. Yep. All we can do is no more probably. I guess we should let him go on. All we're he was done. Are you are we sure he was done? They're not sure. Let's call him back. Oh, probably wants to hear him. 5.6705.60. Pound 5.6. The only AT&T in Verizon line. I see line nine. It's never real call. Just like that first call. Here's Miami. Hello. I got a father at Gai New. Yeah. It should be easy. Well, listen. Putting slavery in the same category with those other ones. I think was unfair because it was a bunch of poor broke people getting there. This is the same guy that called before. Yes it is. Yeah. And he's called back again now. Line nine. Don't die in July. Okay. But like I said, there's some people think we're going to do the whole show for them. He wasn't turned. He was done. He was done before the phone run. The first time. You're your crazy person. What? This guy must have got in there. A bad bass and goods over the weekend or something. Man, I must have been something really strange in his Easter basket. Here's Miami. Hello. So it's why I thought it's sweet food to have. What? I didn't get it. It was the whispering guy. Here's Miami. Hello. I'm sorry. That was my dog. I was another dog. I met the bed trying to get rid of my dog. Anyway. Going to get rid of it? Well, you know, I can kind of get her better. I said the wrong thing. No, you're trying to get rid of it. Don't raise that as far. Carlos. And don't give that first call or your home address and Toronto there. You know, in fraud land. So anyway, I'm curious. I have to take to diabetes. One reason I'm calling you is because I know that you have some type of diabetes. I'm not sure what it is. But I've been eating grapes lately and it lowers your blood sugar. I can't even... I know it is not. But you know it. Mine's 112 this morning. I couldn't believe it. And that's what I've looked at. No drugs. No nothing. Eating grapes. Sir eating grapes does not lower your blood sugar. It must be some other reason. Grapes are loaded with sugar. I know it sounds amazing. But a trick red wine is the same thing. So it's got to be the red grapes. Because I'd be gaining all of this today. I have some cookies that I would have... Well, if he had grapes in moderation and won't it won't hurt your blood sugar. But it certainly is going to bring it down. I couldn't believe it. I just say that. I was like, what's that? That's 112? You know? Yeah. Without drugs? I don't know what your situation is. So I thought I could say that. You know? Well, I should have was 120. So I'm afraid all the way to the... I agree. I guess I'll have to pop the few of those. I'm going to have to put it down a few points. You're not thinking any drugs? Yeah, I take line these. Okay, but I'm off that. I have to point a half month. Well, I'm going to go out and buy me a bunch today. How do you like that? I'm going to go out and find me a big red bunch. One last thing. Yeah. For the first caller, but what do you call 70 like I chase the black guy? Okay. 560, 50560, pound five 60 on the AT&T. I think his time was up. When that call done. He wasn't done. He was done. WCWM. Oh, man. Yeah. Please. George, that's up. Oh. Oh. Here's Davey. Hello. Oh, brother. We got a good crowd today. Let's go back to the screen. Those okay, it's a lot better, Carlos. He's got to put anybody on hold you, idiot. Look how great we were doing before. And have we had any suggestions for the poor yet? No. No. By facts, you're getting it now. By the way, who needs the flight of you? Why are you faxing? Why can't you just tell me what they are? Are you just to help them? I'll help you. I'll help you. Yes? Carlos. I mean, how long can these be? Oh, here's at least a piece of copy. I'm going to add them. That's sales department. Man, you can't complain about the work they're doing because they need doing any. Good. Guy, Miss Molly. That play. I'm not going to go into it. I don't want to mow get me started. About that place. You can't complain about the job management's doing either because they sure is how they need doing one. Are you doing a job on somebody? Let's see. The correct answer. This is another chronic factor. I should point out. The correct answer. The food sold outside the orange bowl or Joe Rami Stadium before volumes. So what do we do? What do we do? What do we do? Stringy. No, that's not street meat. South Florida Stadium Food. Okay. Well, that's the best I can condense it. South Florida Stadium Food. I could best I can do it at this point. WDQIN. WDQIN. Hello. I'm sure you've heard that Michael Morris film, Bolling for Columbine, will not be released to video in Hollywood video or blockbuster tomorrow. It isn't being released anywhere tomorrow. Which is what we're talking about. Can I say something? Can I say something? Can I say something? Yes. We had a call on Friday because I was going to go out and get it over the weekend. And they've postponed the release date until August because they're going to put it back in the theaters because they'll be sponsored so great. So rather than put it out in video or DVD, they're going to like post-pomber release anyway. So this is not censorship for the other. Well, it will be because I'm sure that come August when it is out. They won't put it in there either. All right. Thank you. Okay. You're welcome. Is there should be a big surprise? Anybody surprised? Oh, we got censorship in America now. Isn't it interesting though? You know, he was okay, but he didn't want let me say anything either. But we should definitely let the callers decide that when they're done. Let me give you a good example of that. Okay. Yeah, he was done. No, that's the way it works. This is what we need now is in Struffton, How to do a talk station here from some jackass and plantation. I noticed hasn't called in. And that's why it because I may be def OK to do a good job of disguising his voice. I'm going to call him this is for 305. 505. Oh, yeah. Fudor to do it. I. This is Jeff the floor is look a fairer pick and nose restauranty. They got good food here. I like it and it tastes good too. Hefen bowl pools of food like clams, placebo. Super the joe peshi. This teca alagraj yola. And of course, my personal favorite scallopini, oi fungi. You can enjoy a fine wine with your meal. I personally recommend any green springs or a grandma bowl. They got great desserts here too, like pasta the joe de and run around the zoo. Capurupica nose restauranty is conveniently located right across the street from Jeffices. That's Capurupica nose restauranty for fine Italian diner. Just tell them Jeff the floor is said to you and Bon Appetite. Or is that you can complain patient? 96 and 56, but that kind of faded out like a cheap plain or a fourth-risket. That's what you mean. Wooo! Every duty. New York Times reports it's on our website the full story with the hundred and first airborne divisions out the Baghdad or rack April 20. The scientists who claims to have worked in a ranks chemical weapons program for more than a decade has told an American military team that erected strict chemical weapons and biological warfare equipment only days before the war began members of the team be same. They said the scientists that Americans to a supply material that proved to be the building blocks to be legal weapons, the building blocks of illegal weapons. Which he claimed will appear to be the evidence of the max illicit weapons programs. The scientists also told American weapons experts that are rackets secretly sell conventional weapons and technology to... Serious? Get a good guess! Starting in the mid-1990s and emoritionly a rack was cooperating without kind of the military officials said they didn't identify the scientists saying they feared he might be 73-priced. Right. So the game goes on. I mean the abeak goes on. 5605. Maybe this poll isn't as exciting as I thought it was going to be, huh? Because we got a lot of free loaders out there basically that's it. Where would you never eat even if they gave you the food for free? If it's free I'll eat at 34 McDonald's 17, pizza out 8 murder king 8, we haven't put the stadium food up there yet but we will. And maybe we won't get any more selections, huh? You think it's possible. WQAM? Yeah, no effort. I was on my computer and I was my kids watching Annie in the other room. And I had a new lot of moments you know that is. They were watching what? Annie, the movie. Yeah. And I heard of the phrase, She says, my God is that thing real. That's where King from obviously. No. And he might put you at a kill grenade from Annie. Right. Is that thing real? That sounds like that, Annie. Exactly. Like I said, that's where I came from pretty sure. And don't eat it, Annie's mouth. He's too dishy as well. Oh. Can we put this on? Okay, sorry. Huh? Okay, Annie. See we'll get some other ones on here. They seem reluctant to where give us any choices. In fact, I don't know if it's true or not but I've heard some people tell me that when they bring the food to your table, the Denny's a lot of people say. God is that thing real? I could be this Nugby rumor. 560505050505080808080 and Verizon, wireless blinded who had their good mother hopper pies at least they used to. I think somebody told me they don't have that name or the mother butler pies. Yeah, forgot what that story was. Yeah, somebody had a story. There's so many stories. I noticed Jim from plantation he wrote that letter who's obviously a very, very close and critical listener. Every moment of her beaded this radio station. No, this he isn't called in yet. Because the polymen still trying to perfect a voice that we won't recognize right away. And nobody's even called into identify. What was the guy's name Paul what? Paul, uh, muscle? Paul, muscle. Is it? And he writes this in here as if the public might be reading this crap. It's supposed to know who that is. I'm only assuming because the only Paul I know that was out with me for was the polyman who was like joined over to him and I understood was brokering time on waxy or something for like about 15 minutes a day because it's all he could afford. What are we talking about here man? Typical software to crap. God, WQIM. Good morning. Yes sir. Let me speak to Neil. Speaking. Neil, this is Scott. How are you? Okay, Scott. Um. Oh, Scott went. There it was good. Just like it says, why not let the caller decide when the conversation should end and Scott decided, I don't know what's the end of the conversation. He was done. That was good. Good going Scott. WQIM. Hey, Scott decided. Hey, George. Yeah. Hey, how about RV? RVs? Yeah. It comes as if it falls. Okay, thanks. Okay, thanks. Our RVs is good. Five years. They still don't understand the screenless thing. I guess it must have been a rough holiday weekend. Maybe they were like rolling the eggs a little bit too hard. And the Easter eggs too. Hmm. Or maybe they too much of that, the Cadbury's Easter candy. Oh, God. I'll confess, you know, the mini eggs. Yeah. About two little balls. Two little bags. Okay, there's like a, there's like about 8 or 9 in each little bag. And they were the small ones too. They're not the big ones like in the family side. Like those big gigantic ones that are pouring out of the Kentucky Fried Basket. Right. Do you think keep showing you? Have you seen that at? Yes. It looks like there's about 45 million eggs in that damn thing. Forget the chicken. Just give me the Cadbury chocolate. God, those things are disgustingly good. Hmm. You can't eat only 500. 560 pound, 560. The sun is starting to shine through the, a little bit of rain overnight. Here's going to be 60 or 560, 8 here today. Something like that. From our going to be an nasty day here to make you feel better. Okay. Actually down to two late in the afternoon and maybe some snow for ease. Oh, sorry. Just like the last little taste to winter. Yeah. So beside the west out of Irish and the SARS and maybe a little bit of snow. Other than that, there's not too much to worry about. And the Leafs think of the joint out. Which tonight will probably be the end. Well, what a dreadful performance they missed a bus to the arena and fully the other day. What a horrendous performance on Saturday. Grow test. Unbelievably bad. Oh, and Nolan and Gary Roberts. You're like that bed that, uh, Fabboy got me here. Invisible. Hey, Fabboy. Your full of crap sweetheart. WQAM. Yes, sir. Let me try it one more time. QAM. Hello. How did I know it? Boy, they're all out in full force today. Wow. Wow. Feeding for in Z. You're asking if it's a holiday today? Yeah. It's something. WQAM. I'll go be you. Yes. I've got a couple for you. Okay. Miami sucks. Have to be the world's worst food in America. Okay. I know one of your favorites. Little red caboose. They suck. And every goddamn buffet in America. Okay. Quit while you're head. Okay. Let's see. Miami subs and little red caboose. John O'Mine crazy. John, he reminded. He'll turn you loose and he'll admit it. 560560. Here's a good story. On White House.org, which you really need to check out that website. Paint your Easter Eggs with Arab Blood. Oh. I don't have time to read these. These are so long. You know. I'll give you like a little tease. It says Easter time is coming. My friends and it's God's will this year that our nation's Christian troops will be celebrating the resurrection of Jesus Christ by effectively prancing about knee deep in Arab blood. Friends, the time is right for the Lord's return and the signs are everywhere. Even little Mormon harlot of abandoned their vagabond sex slaves. To return home to prepare for the final days in a book deal. I believe that Jesus might be on his way back to work just in time for Easter. The signs are everywhere. You think unemployment under the lingering legacy of the vanilla disease. Written scoundrel Bill Clinton is bad. This went until the Lord sends pink slips to every secular scientist in the land. Who dares to go nosing about beyond the pages of the trusty King James Bible for so-called information. And it goes on. Just a tease to get to look at that website. But my favorite though is still. Spunned by penis face. Oh. See that and then you spoiled it. That's from their headline. That's how they have it listed. I know but not they're not going to rub their their well. They'll rub it. Will they? They'll probably be part of the so-called if you're rubbing it twice. Pastor is supposed to be a little cartoon character. This is even worse than the Tiki winky. Complete shock filled the land over baptism in sanctuary last Sunday as Pastor Diken Fred, revealed in graphic detail, decadent hidden sexual messages in the popular cartoons series, SpongeBob Squarepants. Mrs. Ida Denkins, who was seated in the first two fainted in the middle of the presentation. And had to be rushed to land over baptism hospital. Church usher Bob Hobber had an immediate reaction to the slideshow that went straight to his stomach. He vomited so forcefully that pieces of his steaming breakfast was spread across nearly 15 Pues. All total at least 2,000 church members became physically ill after being exposed to the disgusting garbage that Hollywood is pumping into Bart Children's Hairs. I found out about this disgusting little yellow cartoon character quite by accident and said Pastor Diken Fred. I was laying on the couch with my grandson. I must have fallen asleep, so he was unmonited and further television said. When I woke up my head had leaned back over the side of the couch, my neck was cramed in such a way that I was looking at the TV set upside down. I reacted immediately to what I saw there and was able to flip over and grab my grandson by his hair and fling across the room. Thankfully, knocking and lunch conscious lung and a familiar get-to-moked control and switch back to Fox News where they were showing godly footage of our Christian troops blowing up ignorant error or radiacs. I have no idea how much metal damage my grandson suffered while I was exposed to that cartoon model was asleep, but I'll tell you what. I won't hesitate to sue the vascular that put this junk on TV if we found out anything happened to my grandson. Oh, this is perfect. Check these stories out and much much more on WhiteHouse.org. And look all this is 4356. 2A. A RIDIANS DONE AS DURS. The liver maximum performance to your engine with a Rabico's new Type-0 formula, specially refined by Haliburton. A Rabico Type-0 contains depleted uranium to prevent the deep red ooze from coagulating your fuel system and helps filter out the teeth and bone from clogging your injectors adding more horsepower to your SUV even my dealer cars that are sending with rules still choose to drive. So are a jet-happy now? Dillerapped with a Rabico Type-0 and fly the flag proudly. You can expect more from a Rabico and you will get it when you put a dead child in your tank. Well look at that somebody did a little homework for us. There are two gymlenses in plantation. Yeah, what a column. No, we don't. Well I would think that the real easy to do is call us. I'll bet she sounds a lot like a PD Lenny. I'm thinking I'm during the break. I'm thinking who really wrote that letter? PD Lenny. All right. Minimax NCU? Sure, we discussed that. Venus Titus he is with DFO and the polyman that whole crowd of allusus. I mean, I'm guys. Chums. Yeah, real chums. And of course a good couple of good parting shots at Mo and in the obvious intentional mispulling of my last name to throw off suspicion. And then we'll shout at the Humper that he was always ripping anyway. PD Lenny, go do some work. Okay. I'm sure we're going to be getting lots and lots of stuff from him since he's going to have a lot of time on his hands. And it's also speaking of having a lot of communications. There we have it a problem between Carlos and Eric again or those two out at it again. The streaming is down. Something like that. It was down. He says it's not anymore, but I just emailed them the rest of the list. Not a lot. There we go. Start it up again. Because I'm looking at the list here. We're trying to build the pool a little bit. And South Florida, a stadium food is not on it, which I'm sure will get lots of choices. Our bees is not on our yet. Miami serves at a little bit of a boost. It'll turn you loose. It's not on our yet. Huh? Should be on our second because he does have those. And with little, I understand it's Monday. Or roadhouse grill. It's just, I can't read that on here, but that's cute. There, yeah. I love that. Kind of like the elevator is a QAM. Although we do have a certificate in here. So roadhouse grill, let's get out of there on there. I'm not going to even write these down. You write them down? Because of a feeling they're not going to show up anyway. Here is one that says the worst least funny show of all time was default. And his idiot friends on that Saturday morning, a trivia show. And it's alive, or at least I heard it on 850. Yeah, it was called default horse, the station. And basically what they did for whatever amount of money or trade out or something. They just handed over a couple of hours on a Saturday morning. And let him or the place. It was just bizarre. And it was always there with his cast with the, the polyman. And Scott from, that's where that all started from the Lime City subs. We brought him any kind of letter. Have the one of the place like a little child. Like we used to do with manages kids that I would even hear the story about building. Don't forget, Gurkley. Who is that? Dave Gurkley. Yeah, Dave Gurkley. You make those. Gurkley sound. Please Kim and the keep him and those. Unfunny idiots away, Greg. Besides Mo is good for our show. If the voice is filled with more colors, I'll be sad. Says GF. And that's a good point. Where would we be without Mo? That's what Mo always says. Course somehow, I've managed 26 years before he came along. But he certainly has spiced it up. My being such an ass. He spiced up his ass. No question about it. We love Mo. We love having them there. We don't love him personally. But we like having them there. 567. Oh, fine. And then, of course, he's brought all his great colors to the station. Like stuttering Steve and Juan. And who might leave him out? Richie from Boris. That even though he's here. He always said in Mark, the jet's fan. They're back, of course. What the hell will this station do without them? WQIM. Sure. So, I want to talk to Neil. Right, I'll. Please stay off the air. You check. WQIM. Yes, sir. Listen, I got a good station. I'm going to go to restaurant at the station. Exxon. How about Dennis? It's already on there, sweetheart. He was dumb as he done. I pressed the button before I asked him if he was done. I'll start doing that. Are you done? Of course, I'll ask after I've already pressed that drop button. 567. Oh, 560. I mean, that's got to be one of the great lines. Stop and think about it. Why not let the color decide when the conversation should end? Especially the colors that we get on talk radio. Not just in this market, but from coast to coast, from pillar to post. Yeah, well, let you decide when you're out of it. In fact, I will say this if there's one thing that I do that's really bad. I decide showing up every day. If there's one other thing that's a bad mistake, I'll let people go on too long. Yeah. Get these jackasses. Oh, you cut people off too soon. You never let people disagree. I let people go on way too long. I mean, there reaches a point when you say, you have to know after the first 100 years. You have to know, hey, this guy ain't going to have anything to say. This guy's a jackass. And then what he's talking about? Or for whatever the reason. Or this guy's just boring. I've had people over the years who like had something to say, but there were so boring in their presentation that you could just hear the heads hitting against the floor. You could hear the people diving for their radio dial. Right. Boredom. We're in the entertainment business. We're in the boredom killing business like Howard Bealson. We're out here to look people that are drawn on. That's why I'm always saying, hey, we ought to take about 20,000 calls today. Because if you do take 20,000, you like it. How many good ones do you think you might get? About 30, man. Yeah, and you're being optimistic. WCWAM. I. WCWAM. He wasn't done. Hey, who's done? WCWAM. Why don't you take the loan out of this? WCWAM. Hi. You're not on nasty food? Yeah. Swapshop food. The swapshop is bad condition. What is it? I'm standing right in the fire. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. With 560, pound 560, but I bet you're there a bargain though. When you think that's where the 560, pound 560, the AT&T and Verizon, where I was in the Nadskitten Good, Nadskitten really good. 140 votes so far. We're trying to get into more selections on air. So I told you, stadium food got the two votes right away. I wouldn't feed that to my dog and he's dead. If it's free, I'll eat it. 70 McDonald's 28, pizza hut 19, Burger King 15. That was my choice. I'm serious. I'm not in the eaten rubber. New or used. Denny's four. South Florida Stadium Foods got a pair. RB's one. Miami subs one. And none yet for little, uh, Kube Red Caboose and roadhouse grill. It's one on there. 140 votes. I mean, if they got, the reason we started this in case you two didn't late in shame on you is because pizza hut and Burger King are open in Iraq. Oh. Yeah. Wasn't it Burger King? Yeah. Well, aren't those both owned by a PepsiCo? Um, obviously you're getting up. Huh? Birdie is not. But pizza hut is? I don't know. I just thought Burger King. In fact, I'm a little bit confused, but maybe somebody can straighten me out. Not that it's really important, but it seems to me that Pepsi, uh, divested itself. Of some of that crowd. I don't know who cares. All the way to like Pepsi much, much, much better. Yeah. Then Coke. No comparison. None. It's kind of like my Damon's a little sweeter. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Should I really watch the rest of that movie or not? Honey, maybe somebody saw that click. Tell me whether it's worth while seeing it. You obviously didn't see it. Nope. Yeah. It is. It's worth while seeing. It's a cute movie. Yeah. Even with Robin Williams in it. My friend goes to show you if you make enough of the morning vet. Now was great. And then it was the doctor with the red nose patch Adams. I'm the other end of the spectrum. He just awful in movies. He's just horrible in movies. In fact, even the part that I've watched so far about 15 minutes, the overranging is just palpable. WDQAM. WDQAM. WDQAM. Oh, we got our one today. WDQAM. Hello. Yes sir. Hey, I'm this weekend. I was on your website. I was looking for the eyes and I'm looking for the eyes and I'm looking for the eyes. Yeah. I thought you said a couple of weeks ago that you told Colo and Eric to put it on your website. Well, they screwed up. They didn't put it on your head. Okay. Can I scare you done? You're done. See, he was thinking about it. I don't have time for you to think about it. When I say are you done, you say, yes sir. And that's it. I can a military. Yes sir. Right? Yes sir. Carlos, you can put your name on a bottom of the seat. No problem. I'm writing it out right now. WDQAM. Hey, you're either. Okay, sir. Good. I thought I'm just a class. I think Pepsico, they own a Freelay, which is the real zero. Right. Okay, I say the girl. Yeah. Okay, you're done. I do like Taco Bell. I'm not putting Taco Bell on her because just out of respect. Right. What kind of a suffering-specting human being would say they wouldn't eat a Taco Bell and they give it to him for free? I can't buy that. Somebody will say that. And you know what? Tough, tough, titty. And it is to which they're not going to offer to you for free anyway. So you lose. I love Taco Bell. I do believe we got there. There's some Taco Bells around here. Aren't we lucky? Oh! Hey. And after the night's game at the Air Canada Center, we're going to have lots of time to be in the Taco Bell in the name world. So we feel like it. All of us. Watch out for the SARS. WQAM. Hello. I know. Yes, sir. I'm out. The one thing. Who is that idiot that does the traffic report on the QAM now? There you go. No. I don't know who that is. I have no clue. Yeah. It's your store. That traffic. I'm Mark Morgan on Squirtradiol 560 QAQAM. We in that one. That's the one. He was done. He just wanted to hear it. Yeah. Thank you, sir, for encouraging me to play that one more time. There's nothing in the world like Mark Morgan in the world. That traffic. I'm Mark Morgan on Squirtradiol 560 QAQAM. QAM. Sounds like somebody blew this deposit to her. Exactly. What's he saying? Then the sound like that. Well, he said it's felt like a repository. 560, 050, 60, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. I got a great story here about cheap channel. It's long. I'm going to get to. I'm going to read the whole thing. Carlos, someone we hit on there yesterday. Oh, yeah. It's great. It is so great. David Ross is going to be throwing a thing thrown his radio at the wall when he hears this. There's a chill. Yeah. You're a bunch of, you're a bunch of phony's. Okay. You're a right wing organization. You have no credibility. And of course they don't really care anyway because what they want is for Michael Powell and the FCC. Let them buy up all the rest of the radio stations. Which is fine with us. Buy out this one. Okay. Just write me a check. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Nice dough in here. You great robbing asshole's God. WCQAM. Speak to me, please. Speaking. Hell. Yes. How are you? You ever heard of that, are fish to the left? Fish to the right? Fish to the left? Fish to the right? What does that mean? The polly man, are they coming back or that's the room we're going around? Well, what does that mean? Fish to the left? What was that? I'm going to the commercial that you should do for some kind of a fish store down in Broward or something. No. No. I blocked him out of my mind. Because we're all hoping that he comes back and try to line him up that morning. You're so, you know, he's not cutting it. He's not cutting it at all. Yeah. You know, how little sail I would say? Are you done? No. You're confusing his show at a hairpiece, though you're done. He's confusing most show at a hairpiece, still. And he's right about that part, but the idea that the polly man is going to do it no chance. He must have, you know what the polly man must be on a crusade here. He must have his three listeners calling in and the right and the right and the right and the right and the editor. The polly man. Oh, God. See, that's another thing we can thank default for. He has left the legacy of such swirl hanging on his behind. Oh, geez. Somebody give him some, give him a touch with Mr. Wipple. God. Let's see, PepsiCo spun off pizza and Taco Bell. See, I told ya. I was a little bit right, but what percent was our right on that? But third man spun off pizza and Taco Bell and other stuff. Burger King was part of Pillsbury. Don't know if the sail from Pillsbury has been completely It's one of our chronic facts. Oh, look at this. Another new piece of copying. Oh, wow. How do you like that? When you bitch out to sales department. They're really fine to get their anchor. They're very, very, very slowly. Did this just come in or did I have the sit-in out here? I haven't facted anything lately. I just had a sit-in out here. Then like I said, they still suck. Except for Adam and of course Troy the boy has tried been around it all. Haven't seen him. Well, he had a trust draft for he's laying down on the job. Maybe he's on vacation. Yeah. And we have the whole place is on this is let's see. He's started Friday. So we got an ice-fourth vacation for the entire staff. Muff is out. She's out. Out and about. Probably in Provincetown. Clarence, have you seen Clarence yet today? Yes, we have you brought us our direct deposit slips. Oh, wasn't it? Oh, it's payday week. It's just Friday's the official Friday. And also I just want to be honest. We're just killing some time today through Thursday. Because Friday the book comes out. Oh, this is a monumental occasion because Carlos gets his first direct deposit slip today. He doesn't have to wait around in the garage. Well, that proves right there. He's going to get right to slide in. 1013 at 560. So I covered up. If you've been thinking about buying a new barbecue or any barbecue accessories, you've got to go to Barbecue's galore. Don't forget, get your head started on the barbecue and season with a perfect grill and accessories. All of the guaranteed lowest prices. Barbecue's galore carries barbecues in every price range from the top of the line commercial great stainless steel grill to the more portable Weber charcoal grill, which is the one I got and I love it. For all your barbecue needs of the guaranteed lowest prices, don't forget. Shop barbecues galore and temptation on University, drive in a fountain shopping center. Call 9-5-4-4-4-2-3-4-400. And across springs at 7485 West Sample Road at the corner sample in Rock Island Road. Call 9-5-4-7-5-7-7-6-6-8. 7-5-7-6-6-8. Barbecues galore, they be the Barbecues specialist. 5-4-6-6-5-6. 3-4-4-4-7-5-6. God. God. God. God. God. God. God. God. God. God. God. God. God. God. My name is Moho, the day of the neglected end of the manger. All over my own face on blue and red, is for full face. I turn on white and hate me. All my day always wading. I'm on because I can be full red and smoke. I'm on my arm like a ranic nowly map a lacoat. I got the beans on my nose and nobody knows that on the mic was I went empty-hours. But that's no pain that I'm gay. If you think my answer bad you ought to see my legs. I might as well keep on smoothing, shaming the show little glass. And next time I'm raping it. I've been broke through a surgeon, but that is with his shivers. I would not want to walk on with the light-jorn rivers. No, I'm wearing my hair. I buy it, look it's the fat little free. I'm a paper now again before the heat. The reason I dismissed that stink of fat pasted is because he wouldn't shut up any can't play cadet. I just thought I'd be broke through an incoherent. Nobody talks when I raped. I raped a new talk. Make it be dumb. I ain't no swear. I'm a thing done, Betty. And I'm really dead. I buy her anyone I want. I don't care. But believe they make me flip my wig made as smelly green hair. I get pie in myself and even happens to the greens. Once one said you get out of here, we break your legs. So now I sit by the pool, life's as good as it gets. With my paladin come down, placing bets on the gents. Who's paradise? Paradise? I don't know if nobody's hand's in paradise. I'll be sure that the screw gets when I get the gents. But the cleaners aren't ready with my line-green pants. Now, if I take the call, I can play. It was just a little thought. So what I left this day. I think that's funny when I'm not a selfish buddy. I can do what I want. But the man has been loves me. Can I tell you something? Something you ought to know. But along this time, I wanted you to be my own. Oh, you're my type-out. No, I'm afraid. Oh, no. Who's the good dude? I don't take no for an answer to that. What is this? That's you. What's your name? That's me. What the? What the? What the? What the? What the? What the? What the? What the? What the? Or that's traffic. I'm Mark Morgan on Sports Radio 560. We keep eight down. Here we go. He's your spices up hard. A little Mark Morgan. 10, Iteena 560 WQM. We're asking today on NeilRunch's.com. Where would you never eat even if they gave you the food for free? Which is where I'm concerned. That's the ultimate indictment. Right. Look at this. Mike Oxlong says, don't eat from the roadch coach. Bring you the brake truck. They're all mobile perveurs of doom. Okay. What do you say, Mike? Thank you. Those are darkers. Oh, I think you are skeptical either. Of course you are gonna give me your turn or those. And I think I think you are gonna give me your turn or those. That's a strong quarter of money. I think you're gonna give me your turn or those. What the? Swabs over that. It might've gotten that. So wouldn't it have gotten some, like the ice to it? As we touch it's des spent money on a red refuelting place. Look at that. Tr direction that we get. RB's 5, swap shop food 5, Mimey's 3, Little Red Caboose and Road Hills Grill House Grilly Tab, they go. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon. Still waiting for a call from Jim Lenson Plantation. What, you don't think he'll be calling in? No. Sure he will. It does a mini QAM. Mimey, no! WQAM. Hello. Yes sir. Hi, is this a new rod? Is this Jim and Plantation? No. Damn it. Yeah, go ahead sir. Yeah, I just want to add a talk to Neil about the utilization of the pleaded uranium weapons in the Gulf War. Now you don't want to hear that talking about that today. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Oh, are you ready for that? Oh my god, and talk about old steel and news, even the uranium is in the old and steel. Well of course it takes a long time. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon. Wireless Line. I think we have lived to call us on until they tell us that they're done. They're greatest line in the history of the human race. Oh! Why not? See what he can upset about, Moe was a great letter. WQAM. Hello. Yes sir, is this Jim? No, no, this is a call for Neil Rogers. Did you already call about three times today? No, it's my first time call. Okay, go ahead, you're on right now. Hello Neil? Yes sir. How you doing Neil? I'm going to call you for your listener second time call. Okay, that's about why I once every two years is good. I was a young elf and I worked at the table company and I just have to pleasure listening to you on the internet today and you doing all right. And tell your joys and my book, You The Best. Okay. Okay, have a good day Neil. My book for the poll is Dennis. Man, they have terrible service. Okay, now are you finished? I want to say one thing. I'm not 30. See how well that worked out. Oh, 560, 0560, pound 560, 180, and reset days. They said nauseous. Okay, and I don't think they got the mother hum or pies anymore either. We got some information from Greg Reed that is the polyman, the palm is still character. There you go. What are I telling you? The polyman and me, fo and PD Lenny all combining here. They probably just took this guy's name out of the phone burger. He just maybe even made it up or maybe he knows them. PD Lenny writing this discourse here to the money. He wrote this graceful treatis. I think you ought to treat us a lot better. I'll tell you that. What garbage here? And pick on everybody. I didn't mean to take a shot of me but just a moe with what's your opinion or Rogers be a good or bad. And the misfilling of my name is so obvious. And how many people put a D in Rogers? God. PD Lenny, the fine hand of PD Lenny. And his boyfriend is right here who's just tied like into a nut, like a human pretzel with the polyman and defo. And I got news for your polyman. It'll be a cold day in hell when you're on QM again. I'll guarantee that right now. Over my freaking dead old-scale body. As a matter of fact, when I do cope, which could be any day, when I do cope, whether it's from SARS or worse now or just old age, or just being the part of this crap. They're going to step my body right up to the door to keep him out. I get a little gamey after the first week or two, but nevertheless, probably have the desired effect. The freaking polyman. Oh, God. Did you realize what's after Force did to us? Seriously, it's not just the polyman and not just Dave the group, group me, most of whatever his name was, but you had Scott from my Lanny City sense that we had a cent hour to rehab to just get over to be him with that guy. And all of the other losers, they crue the hangers on the racetrack crowd, lesser green shirt, all of those people. And those awful puns that were stila then last year's Mata. Hey, people, good luck, you over there. I had a cheap channel, stay whatever had you wrong, but go away, you know, enough is enough already. He was never a friend of mine, I'll tell you that. All these people ate these two, he ate, oh gee, we need to get info back, nobody don't. In fact, I'm scared like Mo and Kelly a lot more every day. You know, it's how bad the show was, I mean, without Kelly, they out sick? No, I didn't notice. And he's the one getting one, Mo is there alone too much too much Mo, you know, much of that Mo too much. No, he go in there. At Tom Paso, the M in three hours to that in the morning is just a little bit too much. You're how much? About three hours. Five, six, seven, all five, six, five. On five, six, six, WQAM is this the edge of your lens? No, no. I'm sorry. How are you? I'm alright. Listen, Neil, on a 10, 16A of the scum sent note today is a picture suitable for framing or either on your website. You know, that dottering old Polo, they're giving a big high up. You might want to check that out. Badgering old Polo? Yeah, Polo. Yeah. Oh, that Polo, go, yeah. We love him. Was he given a single high up? Yes. Did you see the pictures of the services yesterday? He can barely even move. They were slapping him around. He's incredibly. He just keeps going on and on. Yeah, he, well, he's going to have a cup of tea. One of these nights. Cool, cool. I'm done. Okay, good. You know something? That was excellent. So I liked that. That's the new. That's the new deal. If you want to call this radio station when you're done, I'm done. Just like a little kid goes to the turly. You know what? Your potty training, you're looking at, I'm done. Yeah. Not cute. Thank you, Jim Linson, plantation for one of the most. And what was getting upset about this? You got to lighten up a little bit, Mo. You got to lighten up a little bit, okay? Even I would die that hairpiece a couple of shades lighter. Couldn't hurt. Good. God. Getting all been out of shape over something that's given us already an hour and a half of great material. I'm not even getting any my good stories. And I will, but this is, you know, I love it. It's great. Well, so I could say we're just, we're just killing some time here this week until Friday when the book comes up. The pressure now on us on the one hand if all the right wingers get to die, we'll have will open points. You know, but that's to be expected. At least we got a good cup out there. But in the morning, ah. There will be no excuses this time. He has that really good January that's still going to be a day in where papaya marches. They would have booked. And then of course, they're very, very happy. You'll be a trouble. Right? So, a march is his feet, lies in. In addition to which the book comes out Friday and then you know what Saturday is, don't you? It's the draft party. Oh. And that's to the, he keeps threatening. He's not going to be there at the mall. He demanded you're supposed to be at the mall. But he's going to talk mad dog in the joining him. Yeah, there's a Chinaman stance in hell at mad dogging going to be there for the draft show, okay? So, he gets a bad book on Friday and doesn't show the draft show on Saturday. Don't expect to see him like next Monday. I'm just mentioning that to your George. Okay. Since you and here are so tight. Yeah. 27 past 10 at 5. 60 WQN here's some more great Neil Deals. That's what they specialize in. And Haliponex EMC. For over 35 years they've been specialized in great deals. But since they fell in love with me, Tom Lemon and Joe Pareto and other Neil Deals. You know, a little boost to that big, big ego in mind. Neil Deal number one. Haliponex now gets 0% financing for up to 60 months in every money-accord you see in stock. Neil Deal number two. Get you up to a $4,000 rebad on every new GMC in Pontiac in stock. That is correct like Bob Eisenberg tells us. Get up to a $4,000 rebad on every new car or truck in stock right now as I speak. And Haliponex EMC. And Neil Deal number three, if you're currently a GM smart-leaser smart-by-customer you drive a Chevy Blazer, old's Provado or GMC Jimmy, by or least you are new Pontiac or GMC and next to $1,000 off the price. Stop by Haliponex. Test drive the all new and powerful Pontiac. Grand Prix which is pretty damn nifty you can be can't afford a Corvette. Haliponex at 1.34 or 1.06. See highway that's US one across from the falls. Open every day of your life except Christmas day. Open every day seven days a week. For more info called the Neil Deal hotline 1.885344211. 1.885344211. 4.4211. Don't forget please. All Neil Deal submitted credit to Proval CD to Fortitails. And Haliponex GMC they're one under Bidian and they do be on a share over the out pro-fessional credit. 1.885344211 1.885344211 2.885 2.885 3.885 3.885 3.885 3.885 3.885 3.885 3.885 9.885 4.885 3.885 3.885 13.865 5.885 P 3.385 33.885 torture 33. hoop 64. append P 39. snakes Euros And what you take on those rumors flying around that you're articulate enough to replace Michael Jordan on those MCIs but And they say you're getting close to sign a dead contract I don't know what I've been told with a big-legged woman and got no thought Tell us more about your charitable work for under-privileged children Help into him prove their mathematics skills through showing them how to properly weigh crack rock I don't know what I've been told But a big-legged woman and got no thought Who will be back with more inside lifeless boardhold? 33 now where did this just come from though you just facts me about Lou Dobbs somebody said like Nine pages of different stories and everything I've fished that out of the middle of this is the best It should have a buy line on it or something. CNN's Lou Dobbs. I'm not unbiased after weeks of weird money line Toady finally confesses That's a great word for him. He is a toady Many have emailed us about the recent radical men and mortgesses of CNN's Lou Dobbs in the past few weeks Dobbs has transformed before our eyes from one of the fairest anchors on any cable news network to a sad Maximumly a phone news that were sub obnoxious wing not financial acre Neil Kavuto Thursday, Lumedid official admitting his program public advice to his audience Lou Dobbs and Willie Clarkson of Colorado rights your obvious bias for Republicans in this war very disgusting You're not acting as an unbiased journalist you're lack of listening to the animations and its role was proof of that and Lou says you're right Well, I'm not unbiased The startly admission from an anchor on the news network currently featuring promos boasting you've decided Americans to a CNN as the most credible New source and CNN credibility second to none suggesting a distinction between CNN's approach and the conservative taintman For the keeps are writing a fox with an AU Follow attempt to pass off his news reporting So of speculated that Lou Dobbs is merely lost there over the war overwhelmed with pride by the mighty wasmultires glorious victory over third world army But they can stick you a change is more likely the result of CNN's increasingly incompetent exact writing and permission to wear his politics on his sleeve We'll have to start watching Lou more closely. It says Here Lou panics is billshnatter reports and juniors post were approval babies. Remember I talked about that? Yes, and then it's got some quotes from that About how he was desperately trying to like undo what the bill was telling us which is the real truth about the polling and Lou kept saying But I've eat that about well well and try to twist it back into something else didn't work And then at the very end of the starticle it says sorry Lou is they say in DC airport coffee shop your boys getting ruled Remember that yeah, can he star your boys getting ruled baby Toronto star reports today. Here's a very very disturbing article XCI teach it stuff on Syria Formacy I director the anxious James Wolsey how did a play a senior role in Iraq's interim administration? Yes today called Syrian present VaShara Sada terrorist supporting fascist who's country needs a regime change His talk talked delivered on Sunday new shows with a way to the administration behind it came even as US president George W. Bush often somewhat is rhetoric toward Assad and leading lawmaker urged then to Syria bashing It was also delivered on the day the New York Times before the US plans along to military presence in Iraq as a Screenboard to a new web of American influence throughout the Middle East with specific impact on neighbors like Syria or as Wolsey put it in NBC's meet the press in the Middle East today we can speak very softly because we've got a very big stick Wolsey hammered home is points on Syria on two separate Sunday shows meet the press and fox news Sunday The bathest in Syria and Iraq really are fascist parties Wolsey said comparing the toppled regime of Saddam Hussein with the Assad government They're designed after the fascist and communist parties of the 1930s and if anybody should know about fascism James Wolsey oughta know something about it He says they look like then they act like then they're anti-Semitic like them and I think we oughta call us spade a spade Thank God did not anti-Semitic like his good buddy Jim Baker from George Bush won On fox Wolsey remember they pedagons policy setting defensive visory boards set aside as on the side of the terrorists The accused him of following the same line as Syria didn't late 1980s when it was active in pushing terrorism against the American forces in Lebanon and blew up our embassy in our Marine barracks Then we left Lebanon Washington power broker is traditionally used as Sunday talk shows to deliver the White House message of the week and set the political agenda Indiana Republican Senator Richard Louvre told me to press the U.S. should not expect to pay the functioning democracy in Iraq for at least five years To Illinois Democrats Senator dig Durban the U.S. could limit my stay for as long as needed to fill the vacuum closed by Saddam's removal the odiotic goes on. How do you like that? So they're setting the tone already Syria's next and then Iran and then whoever else Anybody else we don't like Mexico Canada So I'd say about this letter by Jim Lenson plantation. No what to say 560 50 50 560 pound 560 on the AT&T in prison line where would you never eat even if they give you the food for free We're asking you today on the arangers dot com 273 votes I'll eat if it's free. I'll eat it 111. Delete anything. Oh, there's Matt Sundin. What's Matt Sand? Trying to give ourselves better us to win get more chances Ha ha ha ha ha Man did you guys stink can't complain about the leafy fence. They don't have any other in red Wesley nevertheless don't start with a hockey talk just when you're getting a hot If it's free I'll eat it 111 McDonald's 41 South Florida Stadium Food what are I tell you 25 baby 25? By the way, our boys and bull and white are used to being down to a certain down pizza had 24 Burger King 23 swap shop food 16 Then he's 13 mommy subs has got nine as this arby's nine roadhouse will four and little about kaboosh has got none Like that see that guy was trying to stir up a bunch of crap. Yeah The fact of the matter is this how can we don't have the swap shop on there? Oh, there we do it's got 16 roads like I said But seriously a little kaboos they never stole a free train They just operate out of one right WQA I guess they're done WQA and hello Hey Neil yes, there is this Jim Lenson plantation. Oh no, no, yes, give me call that I'm trying to find him one spoon in the planet applebees, okay, and not even close and So charge us a hey and got you your sin. I'm rooting for you, pal. Are you done? I'm done. Okay. Let's begin a Scott Peterson was on our website We haven't talked about it. You want in the life because there we didn't care at all about that story Although at least it's something different from here's some or the P.O. W. is returning home again And there's no wonderful about Jessica. I mean if you people are really believe that you're getting any news from the American talking It channels will good luck to you Just one tough piece after another puppies and the meantime assholes like Woolsier talking about the well serious next And they're a bunch of fascists and we're gonna carry a big stick and we're gonna kick all year obsessed, you know All this crazy stuff is going on and we're worried about the Scott and Lacey Peterson. Well, not worried about her anymore You care about that story? No, see and I would take you to say she probably had a common I mean that's what you did with bond for Bonnie Blakely. Well, she did have a convictly whatever her name was her name Bonnie Blakely. Oh, oh, bakely. Yes So she'd have to change too much of her name when she hooked up with Robert bake bake Right Have baked don't go off have baked. I don't know what was behind that whole Lacey thing Yeah, I love all the way you know, JVC had a common isn't that the new line just like just like the colors is supposed to say on done and the thing is if some woman gets killed the bitch had a common right But it all depends that's part of the new American landscape as it comes more and more sex It's just like all those people screaming in the oven about the clan and the hood wears down there in Augusta and yet they all agreed with you know keep the bitches out Keep the bloody bitches out of there See it's just as this part of America's reversal of our moving way back into the Stone Age again burn the bloody bitch Yeah, see there you go What ever happened old Tom by the way, and he goes to a stain Costa Rica hadn't had a we hop Good guy Tom obvious okay people say that I'm sorry nasty, but we worked with a lot of good people over the years and Tom Hopkins was one of them Phil used to be one are you sure until he did the same until he did a loot doves? That's gonna be the expression for it anybody that takes a wild sudden turn to the right politically We'll call that doing a loot doves 19 before 11 at five six to his hippie. I still haven't got my an I still have a few them left up here But my old room in my blood pressure was he doing so about it He just came for the address we were talking about it in the bathroom is he that you were talking about it in the bathroom I don't want him drag in my old room. I threw the toilet there especially in that place No, we were going at the same time there you were doing it at the same time Yes, and Colony ask you who was on their tippy toes Oh, but he talk about two little shrimp boats in the in the urinal. Yeah, that make a great picture Anyway, so the stuff is on away nice go and skip a year the best baby always told you who needed that Brian anyway at branch must It is a great product. That's why I'm looking to get more of it here And I will and you can get old human all over town. All you might soft-heels contain pharmaceutical grade olive oil That's just your ordinary olive oil even buying a bottle But super concentrated olive oil loaded with health benefits for you Oliomate in your pussy we take and up produce the risk of heart disease and high cholesterol plus now There are 14 different oliomate foreigners for you to choose from from which to choose each one combining Like I said the best of all of all of all on a planet with vitamins and minerals and are both to support specific needs from bones to your blood pressure Your immune system and lots more for example are now three new oliomate formulas one to help you sleep One to help you control that weight and cook you 10 for your heart which is one of the best things you'll ever take The fight Oliomates all over town. It's at public's records Walgreens whole food markets Navarro and Sedaners ordered online at oliomateamerican.com for info call toll free 1 866 Oryoman that's 1 866 653 6633 to improve your health Start poppin some oryoman in your push right away Gang rape is funny Oh Will I go turn the news today? I asked you out You said no way The weekends here I'm alone I'm horny now And grab my phone with someone over And then I told you Up and down to cheese and God for special Leave me with someone over Now the reason I had a pause there at the end. Yeah, because I was just well this book weighs about 600 pounds my timeout film book And I was looking up goodwill hunting. I was just down to read and that thing had a like real abrupt scorch score like that. It faded out like Was that light in the letter? Oh, I faded like a Cheap playmer in the fourth race of Gulf streams. I'll never remember that. Yeah, well I wouldn't let link up But it goes to Gulf stream first of all the foe has to be a real degenerate Here's the fact says the worst restaurant has to be bossed in chicken. It says Yeah, there's food sucks and add insult to injury the ridiculous gourmet prices leaves you with it. I've been gang rape feeling But don't forget if it's free it's me that seems to be the he must have a lot of company in this crowd out there Rimmer 120 people say if it's free I'll eat it We got something free for you Anyways says Google hunting sensitivity comes capitalized which is not to deny the film is honest and moving in its way Damon who co-scripted would been afluck. Oh, those two man-aids are everywhere together Just like you and Skippy were taken lead together, but yeah, they're chummy I wouldn't be surprised if Matt and Ben have stood at the urinal side by each Or at St. Paul Damon plays will a janitor at m-i-t he's a closet genius see closet again A volatile orphan who'd rather hang out with his beer buddies than parley his brands and a look at a career that would seem to be his destiny A Paul that's such a talent to be lost a science math professor Lambo Wait a minute. Why is that what is that? Takes him under his wing arranges from to I see get it gets I can't help and watch his will make monkeys of the shrinks Sean that's that's Robin Williams's last resort Another south Boston guy who never really made it he can maybe he can break through where his distinguished peers failed There are tensions here to next step the film challenges America's in-grain any intellectualism Yet it's anti-elitist instincts leave it closely to equating academia with a dubious if feminacy. Oh, no Why is it that every movie that the he's in there's always some of fag element to you know? I wonder like the talented Ripa Mr Ripley huh And that was need a movie with the Netflix brother wasn't even that movie Carlos With the hand home very recently Well, I don't know in the end if it it even falls back to on that old cinematic panacea get in touch with your inner Robin Williams It's acted and directed with care and Damon is outstanding his scenes with driver being especially sparky He's driving it Did you even know that many driver was in this? Ted I know Carlos that yeah, I knew okay see a flick that I'm just looking for that. He also was in this little got some his buckles And they're all family and he just made a movie with Casey F like what I hope that whole crowd is really really tight But he catch my drift you know it Somebody will let us know the name of the movie with a mad Damon and Casey F like the two of them are there the whole family just the family They take showers together stays clean together 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless law were ready for Jim Lens to call in from plantation W to Q a M Jim Lens line hello Okay, so is this Jim? Okay You know, you don't really have topic for say, but I just have something I was reading the paper this week and it kind of took me for a loop and I thought maybe a chair with you Let's talk about the the school testing for the third graders and 12 graders is called F grad scores test If you're a 12 grader and in school and Florida You can now you have to take this test to graduate you have to pass this test in order to graduate If you're in your last semester of High School as it's well-prepared You can just switch over to a private school in your parents to take a put your five school and you don't have to pass this test to graduate Welcome to the school system of brown county and Okay, thank you Only don't be done quite so abrupt okay, wow New but there's two movies recent movies that they were both in together you're right there never see what I mean They are joined at the Green the most recent one was Jerry That's not the one I was thinking of oh she's 11 Oh, she's 11 was the awful remake that was an unnecessary remake of the synaptor flick right the one with the What tell did they call it the robbery? Now the one with his groups an operand joy bishop and the same in the rap the rat pack right I have a metal block and I because I can't stand Frank Sinatra or joy bishop Sammy Davis was okay, but we don't see I die and everything That was seriously the forget about that but what was the Ellen's yearie? Right Jerry Well, I mean, you know, maybe somebody will call in tell me probably not just like the other day when I went through that whole hysterical Now did you ever watch the tape of that passion show? Yep, finally was I right? Yeah, you were right hysterical that that What are you got? Sky that plays Julia Ukraine he's better than Ozzy as for the booze-borns he he's better than Ozzy He was a panic. It's especially funny when you're baked off your gourd Which could be any time on holiday weekend for George or during the middle of a week holiday weekend or during the show 567.0560 pound five 60 on a AT&T and Verizon world of slime and have one person call and say Danielle thanks for telling us about that show was really great the passion's episode none of the passions viewers called in about that How is it possible to have so many deadheads in one place like South Florida sea and that's what I get then out of shape about People say that negative I'm not negative I'm positive, but the surrounded like most said we're surrounded We're drowning in a sea of negativity like Jim in plantation Who's so negative about that great morning show we got everybody else and about the Humper Tunnel S shame on you Jim David Q.A.M. Neil Uncle Neil in the position Uh, uh, don't worry Jim in the words of Deco's either the late grade barbrum happens in your Breast Russia Neil haven't spoken to you in the 17 years Yeah, and I'm calling into Say and you are you in a wind tunnel or something? I'm actually on the beach Neil. Oh, because we're here the wind blow a lot of blowing going on Okay I can't stand South Beach Correct. Oh, you you hit it on the Answering your question uncle Neil. I think that would be the The salad section of the publics on South Beach where you'd be risking your life for at least you'd be as you would remember Right That would be a meal the ankle permit is okay. You're done. I am done. I I Okay, thanks. Thank you Now we know why he hasn't called back. I was okay. Just don't have too much to say five six seven O five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T Verizon Wireless line the administration is just van Sponge Bob Squarepants Yeah, let's put that on the website that they're gonna outlaw Square Bob Square Bob Square Spurs what a surprise sponge Where would you never eat even if they gave you the food for free? I'll eat it if it's free 127 almost 40% of the free loading crowd. What are I tell you about South Florida? They know carefots good. They don't carefots quality don't carefots value if it's free. They'll take it 127 out of 32 vote McDonald's 45 South Florida Stadium food 30 Pizza have 26 burger King 26 oh And not only those awful burgers, but those onion rings my god somebody out of soon for almost things onion rings They're onionish rings. Onion rings are not they're not even onionish. They're they're batterish is what they are They're just dark nasty little rings of of dark brown batter That's all they they in fact you you could get a search part not find onion anywhere inside was a little damn bad Salt and batter lots of salt and I've never tasted any batter Burger King 26 swap shop food 20 hey price and work on a food baby. We love the swap shop, but watch out for the food then he's 15 Arby's 14 Miami subs 11 roadhouse real five little red caboces up the straight Crazy John on a mat. That's good probably pd. Lini voted three times and The KFC we just put it on their anchon on yet the Colonel's pissed So Jim wants in plantation rights W to Q a and hello I'm gonna yeah, sir. I wasn't Hollywood yesterday low forward what like these are hard rock hotel on the Sino on 441 Yeah, what would you my casino a casino a real casino the building it right now? That's on the res Huh That's on the Indian reservation you're talking about right? We all gaming casino not not the other stuff no black Jack table everything no How's that awesome it? What's that possible? Well, go online they got it on their website You say right Right, well, that's great. I hope they tell they're given it to stuff it 500 will casino they're not gonna put 500 rooms up for for uh That's something that's door to it But well, wait a minute. You say that put a few been inside It's not been it's you we've been working there and you know that I'm gonna have slot machines real ones There He said the weapon wouldn't be building that if they couldn't put them in I'm okay around it always like them Indians. Thank you so you're done. I'll always like them. Anyas a lot Oh, okay, maybe Vivo could do his TV show Or live actual story is info and Princess Zimmer for our summer full winter spring and she's thunder thought huh? We love our friends India's baby. I just stick it to him. Okay. Don't put up with his dodgy crap Florida man it could be curr the parade you could have a paradise and instead look what you got old men walking around in Spandex pants 1057 at five At five 60 WQ and how tell you over a million people about a great new mattress from our friends Della mattress over the phone Some people say I want to see it first. I want to put my hands on it and the mattress to forget about that because Della mattress doesn't carry any crap They only carry the best mattresses in the world. I always order my mattress and then right over to phone by calling 1 800 mattress 1 800 mA TTR Yes, they carry ceiling and serve as Simmons King Quill every size every style in other words the one you want is in stock What if we're just about a immediate delivery no baton switch when you call dial a mattress to rank number one a customer satisfaction In fact, they have more repeat and referral customers than anybody in the universe because they know how to treat their customers Right now do the same by you once you buy your mattress the easy way and a phone from dial mattress I guarantee I bet you Georgia and Carlos's life on it You'll never go back to a show or invite the stupid old fashion way again and don't forget when you buy your mattress Della mattress they set up the new one take away the crappy old vetting for free That is correct down on my presets at the new and takes away these smelly nasty so a little vetting for free So make the call right now and enjoy a great night sleep for months and years to come on a quality name brand Mac reset and unbeatable everyday low price 1-800-MATTR-ES 1-800-MATFUS for Della mattress the easy the smart way to get you a great new bed Here's for video 5-60-U-A-M Wonderful W-2-A Set this in the thunder dial Oh Cindy I told you not to buy my eyes there Mr. Mouse, please snap on that eyes there. Oh nothing. So how are you? I'm not good. Oh no. Oh what's wrong now sir? I want my ball turned black. Sure your ball my ball is good ball my garage it falls it turned black Oh, that's terrible. Oh a big basketballer. Harble make the callizer What what what call set in a vergonner? I ran the paper. She's getting a little boy Well, she's separated. There's some chemistry there, either She wants me I think she was just afraid to make the ball by the big guy But sir with all due respect. You're you're a mouse. Hey Don't tell me I know I'm a mouse. I'm hot though. She wants me. I can tell you my pinbizer Okay, okay, sir. I'll make the call hang on a minute We're in my own Look at that song we must do nothing that song anymore. Did he do that to me yet? Doesn't make me happy Remus it makes me want a strange on youizer Yes, sir. I do want to tell you one good thing you're doing. Okay, I trust you for a make a model You're finally put this on the map for that thing Oh, wait and go, I sir. Well, sir. That's actually the fox network. Don't correct me, I sir Remus what are you doing? Get a ball to play with simple Don't play the simple I'm on the fall remus Rex and put it in the lamp and balls. It did me land there and there's terrible That's right. They need me Don't play a simple again, Remus I sir. Yeah, yes, sir. What are we rather? Well, sir. We got the bachelor. Oh, that's right That's still been firestein kid with that pool beaten grin. The minute, sir. It's it's a firestone I know yes, sir don't you correct me What's his name What's his name? Firestein No, you waiting in it firestone You let him know the name of a bachelor Oh, I'm having sex. What's this information I have to read about Peter Jennings? Well, what about Peter? So he's doing a fine job Oh, the devil Oh, I swear I got I will take your hand between my white glove hands and Flush it I both are I'm a little strip What's the man in nick of their impact, see that? The nick of their impact, so smoking ball you don't smoke Rayless Get out of here you moron I sir, yes, sir. Well, Mr. Jennings is doing a fine job Peter Jennings is terrible. He's French Well, actually sorry, it's Canadian I You want to tell you about correct me? What is Peter Jennings? He's French No, you moronies Canadian PC anchor by network you don't even know what he does. Why do I keep you around the eyes? They're I don't know why I know you are Say it You and me and you know what try to get me on that bachelor shelf But sir, you're married mouse. Hey, I sir. Yes. I don't want a mariam I don't want to date those 25 girls I just want to tell them I'm 5.5 60 WQ. I am We're gonna see a screenless thing here today, huh? Pretty weak. Well, it's after the holiday weekend. I must be there. It's a few days It's Monday plus after a long holiday weekend plus guilty wasn't around this morning. They're pretty down about that I don't know about date County, but my kid isn't in school again today. What does that all about? Hold over See did I ask you that this morning? There was the first thing I asked you I said is this like some kind of a four-day holiday or something and you said that I don't know I don't know Because I get to feel like here it's a four-day holiday too. I don't know what they call as days is this the day after Easter Sunday Is that it? God something really strange we're getting screwed again 5 670 560 all are wouldn't a missed this for all the money in a world man a great letter from PD Lenny. I mean from a gym and plantation. I'm sure he'll call in any minute. You bought mark my words Come on gym and plantation. We wait. We want your call. We want some more critique of QA Waymen are format WQAM Maybe one more call for the polyman might do it. Yes, sir. It's an interest of pole building. I have a holly then I can't hear this guy. Can you hear me now? There are hearing now I'll eat anything especially the street with the exception of dairy queen brazer. I mean, oh, yeah, I was very green I was gonna you got to say right brosier Yeah, I would rather eat the Contents of a redneck spit cup to eat that stuff it makes convenience store food look fresh Okay, I'm done. Thank you. Good job. Dairy queen Got it got it also not gonna affect it because they don't have any funny commentary. Dairy queen brazer food. Yes, the all of a garden Oh, what a great choice. Oh, how could I forget about that the olive e garden out of the tagging ish Get the olive garden on their right away immediately. Not sooner blow one drink never been there I'm giving another one Yeah, if I could think of the name of it Smith and Willan ski oh yeah, oh boy. Oh, yeah, although I still have that nice nice said. Thank you very much guys Sure, we have the right over here. We use them. I'd say I feel bad about it But you can't really feel too bad when you give people the opportunity coming in dazzle you and just like the olive e garden I would these seven years ago after I'd been ripping them and I had a real bad experience there Well, we'll make it up you need a little show you We really are a great place and they brought in a bunch of stuff that the thing I remember the most Was that the salad was wilted it was so brown I've dropped things in a bowl that weren't that brown, okay, and then the pasta was like mouch man was like From the fall of a woman empire God and then the thing was Smith and well, let's get over. We're gonna show you one of the great steak houses of Florida and this is a really great place and it came in they brought me this really expensive beautiful knife set Yeah, and I'm sure that you know the next day they'd like to have used it on me But that that's just the way it goes. You know, though the food was caca the steak was bad I figure what I mean they really went to the grotto's expensive I mean I paper plates or anybody but like real China and they went through a big deal about it And I guess I was supposed to feel bad But I can't do that. I can't go on here and say boy I was really delicious. Thank you so much I mean we've thanked him for the effort but the fact of the matter is it sucked it was crap Yeah, man it was even even these free voters on our and believe me you wouldn't have eaten that I don't care what you say you might have started out enthusiastic and after the first bite you would like to And puke in your guts out it was it was bad. It was grizzly Now I do understand that certain things don't travel well Like pasta pasta gets soft and mouchy when you try to transport it steak I mean you know steak is shitty right out of the grotto grill. You know, we're going to hell your cooking it right off the count Like your roots Chris How I think it's like 400 degrees or six hundred some wild temperature that they were World of stakes in Ruth Chris Man who they could tell them hold the butter by the way hold the butter unless you got like a real strong summer Because otherwise you'll be making a real quick movement But Smith and the I apologize to Ruth Chris to for mentioning them in the same name with Smith and Wallace. He was used a bad experience So let's get them on here along with the oligore and boys that won't be foreign dead. They're the very queen chess and He will be zero food. I remember the first time I saw that son. I said God there They're selling busiers at the very queen I sure if they aren't putting any of that soft serve and those busiers 560 560 pound 560 were waiting for Jim from plantation WQAM Yeah, no oh my sorry. I wanted to ask you a couple weeks ago You mentioned something about Atlantic City stuff and that's got not there. Yeah. What's the deal? Why are you in a book about it? You are your friend to his? I know I was gone there in years and and he says it just didn't think it was all that good But now that he's gone it's a hell of a lot better. Okay, heardone Now he went off of the I would got sick of him. He went off and did something else on the side or whatever He's still connected with him But he's not like they're in the doing right catering out of there now right he's going catering out of there But they got him way in the back and they don't let him out in public and he doesn't come by the station anymore We don't ever want to see him again. In fact, you know something maybe he wrote this letter in his spare time Wouldn't surprise me because he and deeper when a poly man. They were all like involved tightly He's the word the same pants at the same time Huh? Well, what's it while Josh Friedman leave a spare pair around? I was gonna say hi boy 560 560 pound no calls on goodwill hunting no calls on passions Got a fact no that other movie we're thinking about Did Yes, let's go. Well, let me take a peek this one is a article by oh Senator Rick Santermy why are you sending this to me why are you sending this to me? Huh, I give up oh My god, I cannot believe this to this homophobic right wing We already know about him. I don't need any more information about him Oh Let's see. Oh, this is the monkey man again another oh no, I threw his away. No, you didn't it says poodle. It says at a bottom Him in oh, yeah, you're right. Oh, sorry A hospital a people listening to show my friends is the mad team and we were thinking of is the born identity on video now No That's definitely I don't think that is the one at all with with Casey Casey F like And then there's just a thing that about me. Just a bunch of Dutch crap. I'm done. It's not about the movie. There's anything about goodwill hunting no God wouldn't impossible crowd W to Q a. I'm hello Q a. Hello. That was Jim too. Damn it Q a.m Yes, sir. Yes, Sam nomination for wild restaurants Waffle house and top eyes Wouldn't he dare if they give it to you for free? I wouldn't eat there. I will not go into any the file descriptive but There's nothing I can think of in my vocabulary The craziness of either one of those places. Okay. You're well done. Thank you. Bye bye Well, waffle house and papai's But about papai to get spinach with your chicken and papai's Cossacks for rollboy From it's after 11 at five 60 every Q m on a really marginal Monday man so far It's okay, men's a men's a you know men's a men's a In fact George and Skippy were together in the men's a room a little while ago Mm-hmm and God only knows what they were doing in their head. Administrative professionals days this Wednesday Now why did they call it that I thought it used to be secretaries day? Oh That's sexist eyes. I see Obst can't you be a male secretary like a male nurse? No, it's just one of those things Administrative professionals days this Wednesday make your exceptional assistant smile with an authentic Vermont teddy bear No matter what you call it he or she will receive a beautiful bear handcrafted in Vermont delivered with free-core make candy and a gift card in a fun box Just call 1-8-18-29 bear in a friendly bear console will help you choose from bears like the life-saver bear The real boss bear It's a great way to show your appreciation in a fun and original way your assistant will love their bear delivered to the office Just think of the reaction you'll get everybody will think you the best boss ever even if you're not Send a beautiful Vermont teddy bear and they'll keep it on their desk all year long It's the creative alternative of flowers that'll be didn't just a matter of hours It'll always remind them that you'll appreciate all they do for you overnight deliveries guaranteed So you can still call today 1-800-8-29 bear or shop online at Vermont teddy bear.com Show you care send a bear for administrative professionals week or any occasion 1-800-8-29 bear BER be sure to tell them that old meal told you to call. Let's send one to Greg what you say Bye Blow too much You're in trouble It's a manly way. You try your best. But can't try and go grab. You cannot even check your own email. You're what she's the way. You're just a potato-safe, Get it so suspicious in a place. You ain't a part of the night. I don't think the power is being achieved. You really deserve a big praise. You don't even pay the bills. You asshole. You're all the same. You don't even care for your own food. Or take my most. She makes coffee. And never spit silly. People when you made a taste of oil. You're a mistake. You're the sick of a taste. You're the sick of a taste. You're the sweet of those dust-worn-pap-pap. You're always coming to work. We just make the jokes. We're cheering for the raises. They tend to lose. They tend to take the tears. They tend to argue. They don't even know what to do. They don't even know what to do. They don't even know what to do. Okay, we're not going to waste the effort to get it for Montetetbeer for a freaky Carlos out there. Are we a section lady? I mean, person who really... But how about some... I mean, he deserves flowers. Like pansies would be good. But the spiked bear. That might not be bad. Maybe he could like rub it on his back. Here's the fact that this is most outflow to stadiums. I would agree how were the food and the Mark live stadium is very good. You're right about that. He throws... Well, I was sitting up there brought cash to them games on. The aroma of them sausages, Wafting through the stands was just fantastic. Except when Dave Lamont would do his thing. That was his whole thing. He's too far to the entire game. He's when he worked with me. So you said. And then, of course, he killed Sunny Hirsch. Anyways, his afoot of Mark had stings very good. Just asked a beast. He didn't hold back Saturday night. I'm going to tell you something you little fat tab of crap. If you're playing fast and loose with balance for like... And with my credibility, everybody else. And shove that down your post. Which we believe for sure that you probably are... You, okay? I'm so disgusted with him. I might just go ahead and give the food a fat boy and not. How about you? How about you? If that, huh? How about Hank won't do that. Are you kidding me? Why are you doing this to me, okay? I love that. I'll hang this way. But he's not going to lose the weight. Don't you understand? He's not going to do balance for like... He's out schmoozing and cruising with all of his sports buddies. There are all those restrooms. You know, he'd jose and that's his life. You know, food is his life. I'm not going to do it with Hank. It's a lost cause. But the beast, the 62 pounds we have to lose. We've helped the kid and we didn't get him a date. Right? Grown his health and man. Like, don't get me in say. And speaking of getting a date and I want to talk about this thing. I noticed on our website since I keep asking, but nothing happened. I was just going to get your psychic again. There he go. I can smell him. The finishing touches on it passing it by us. Making sure that everything was okay with all of the... My couple's contest 2 is coming soon. Somebody might be. And the trip we stand corrected that trip to the Bahamas. The first prize is round trip airfare included. I knew that. I mean, who am I going to pay the? It's not like saying the state. What would be like saying we're going to give away a trip to Vegas, but you got a paper airfare? Who now would take that? Especially in this reloading crowd. Huh? So when I have a trip for two to the Bahamas, all inclusive in other words, hotel and airfare paid. And our hard couples contest. Stay tuned for details and also on our website. Check that. Okay? Right. We'll make a little something happening, although it's never easy at QA. Not because of Miguel, not because of our good friend, Doreen. But because it's up and such, it's cheap ass outfit. If there's something goodly in around, it's always the free loaders on the inside. There was a rub it up before everybody gets a chance. That's the way it works. Right. That's the way it works at QA. M. One more time. Okay. I got a Q-it-off. Sorry. A place of full music. I'm saying the state of Q-it-off. I'm a traffic. I'm Mark Morgan on Sports Radio 560. Q-it-L. Wow. Q-it-L. You know, you're a spastic mark. You're really spastic. Okay. You're not using your numbers. I don't even know if they content you're traffic is accurate. Because who'd I'll get listened to when you do that spastic boy? Is that everybody? I heard a little bit of boog. I was in here in this room over the weekend. I punched up there in a morning game. I heard the boog's running. I like boog a lot. But just these two happy. Hey, we're losing 17 a lot. Everybody in. It's a lot of time for ball-to-to. You know, it's just too happy. Everybody in. It's a little bit happy, but not too happy. Because two happy comes across as fake. Now, what is this stuff? This is about that hard rock deal. Right. That's the whole. Is this the real estate or a pair of food? Who'd have thought back in 2001 when hard rock cafe in a national and Florida seminal Indian seal live. He'll bring a hard rock a scene of the Travis Resvation Tampa and Hollywood. That the deal itself would become something like a political football after all a hard rock cafe. A wholly own subsidiary of London based the rank group. Pick. Ranky on the as-back has been the casino business for years. Only an operating properties in Vegas, London, Manchester and even online. Almost from the moment the casino's officially broke ground early in 2001 the project became mired in the mud of Florida politics. How unusual. The problem, due to the fact that the seminal's only possess a class to gaming license, which includes high stakes vingo or low stakes poker video gaming machines that dispense paper tickets set instead of coins, the casino itself and all likelihood not be as profitable as a full blown casino. That takes a class three gaming license, a license which the seminal's can no further their own don't possess. They're in lies the rub, the tribe is thus far tried unsuccessfully to negotiate class three compacts with two successive governors back in the early 90s. The seminal's even went so far start for the state a 45% share of gaming profits all the no avail. The state of Florida exceeds that by-sigance gambling far firmoured what their debts had against this competition. The state owned and operated lotteries by far the biggest cash cow that legislators have yet to milk and rip off two by the way. The last thing the state wants is a competing gambling venue, which land-based casino gaming represents, at least at the state's government standard line anyway. For some strange reason while they tremble at the thought of a land-based casino, they don't seem to mind the dozens of water-based casino cruise ships which play in a number of Florida port cities. That's because that's a Mickey-Earest and that's their buddy man. That's their piezine. That's their partner in crime also of course is death on a casino's on land. So what's it trying to do? It says the answer to that is threefold in the first place the seminal's did with other traps it on before them, that is they tested the envelope in their existing license by adding quasi-slava scenes to the operation. The state responded by trying to rain back the seminal's gaming expansion in federal court. The tribe then counter sued the state. Neither of which resulled in any real curtailment, neither the state position or the seminal's. So the seminal's then-decided to prepped a contract more bees with honey than with vinegar by sweetening the campaign coffers of various legislators. In 1996 alone the seminal trib donated some 350 grand-defeatable campaigns 80% of which went to democratic candidates. In 2000 the seminal's displaced the mesh and tuck it peak-watt tribe of Connecticut. Can I say that again? Better not. Who owns Fosswood casino as the county's top travel contributor to date however the state is yet to budge one inch. Florida's legislators are continues to reject measures to expand casino gaming in the state. Not only have they continued to reject the seminal's request or classary gaming license, they also refused to allow the state's hard pressed race tracks to grab the right to add some machines which race track owners can tend to mistake need to survive. This brings us back to Hard Rock who in 2001 stepped up to work with the seminal tribe despite the lack of a classary license. Financing for the project was completed in June 2002 by the issuance of $150 million a capital trust agency revenue bonds, Hard Rock's peri-cubby, the rank group pick as subscribe for 25 minutes of the bonds. The new end of the event is in heaven. Answer here to the question, Jesus God. The new Hard Rock hotel at Casino Tampa is certainly looking at the set of existing seminal facility off exit five in the state four. We'll feature 90,000 square feet of gaming space with 1500 electronic pull tab machines and 50 gaming tables. We'll be looking at the condition that these seminal's existing facility for 41 in Sterling Road, not far from Mommy's house. The new research features 115,000 square feet of gaming space with 2000 electronic pull tab machines and 65 gaming tables, 750 hotel and 12 rooms and 12 restaurants including Hard Rock Cafe. Both the trap and Hard Rock executive is made to clear the expect eventually to be issued a classary license that's a lofty ambition considering the state's continued in vocal opposition in land based casino gaming with construction proceeding of pasted going to be introduced in the C-Hubling spruce. For now both the trap and the state are going to continue to be stuck between a Hard Rock and a place. So do you gain anything out of that? Yes, it is. No, the caller was wrong. They're not going to have a class three games. They're going to have no. They're building it and they're hoping for it just like the racetrack are hoping for their spot machine. But when you got all these right wingers control and you got the M state, we continue being in the end of the thought back with state controlled by Mickeyerson and the idiots who run the lottery. The biggest rip off in history mankind. Oh yeah, but they've removed the money from you so yeah. Remember that editorial in the head about how the casinos removed the money from you so delicately or whatever that hell I was stupid line was. Yeah. That's good and never got a change baby. Never got a change. Going to toughen. Race tracks here at Toronto all have slots by the way and all of a run. Terry I just put that up and it got huge. Persons you could gigantic. First money and where does that money come from the slots from the gambling? Oh. See I guess it makes sense that if you got horse racing and there's people gambling on it that any other kind of gambling that make any difference gambling is gambling. Right. Makes too much sense for Florida. No, no that kind is wrong. Thank you. You're done. 27 after 11 at five 60 WQAM. Hey, if you're going out for a nice swim in the hot weather south floating. Look in your pool and you say oh my god what else going on here. Maybe it's staying that's dirty and it's cracking in your pool too. Well do I look at that mess any more. Call our good friends at Atlantic Marseille. They're not just pool guys. You're running around town. It'll pick up truck usually. You know those little beat up pickup trucks. They got you see the big net in the back. The pool guys who claim to be sunny good stuff. These people are real construction folks who use full time employees. That's their subcontractors at Atlantic Marseille specializes in the most incredible innovation at the pool business in years diamond bright. Atlantic Marseille's been pouring it on for 12 years. Their license they're insured professionals who we've been trained other companies internationally. How to do diamond writing and do it right. And they'll give you the same price to give to the contractors which is unbeatable. A service North Miami, Browdon Palm Beach County. So he live in any of those joints called Atlantic Marseille. They're the biggest installers at Diamond Bright anywhere in town. They'll come right to you give your free estimate with the obligation. And they also do a stupidish job of pool and decorations. Custom lighting, pool heating and exotic and erotic water features too. For the very best call Atlantic Marseille toll free, 1-800-558-883. That's 1-800-558-883 diamond bright to a right because Diamond Bright is a pool's best friend. And look, this is Fort Radio 5-60. You can't wait to hang way here. The wear of exploding balls. Hello, conductor, how did you even jump? On the dawn, the male-fielders glory his victory. They will be attacked in us again. You mean the big statue's dead? Don't you ever, ever contradict the good intentions of our government? Wow! And full of the gravity of your eyes all on a counter-dark eye-sea. Why the last thing to fix them saw was sent in behind the wheel at that plane? I thought it was a sorority. Oh, the sororities, eh? Yeah. Why you let this call me pink-o-fail? Well, I'd get no nice guys like Hitler. Take it from me. I'm a survivor, you know. But my dancing train seemed clear. Yeah, but that was no game show. How did you survive that? I was with the galler, the sound of a commando. Well, I was there. Like, it was me and Byari Flight's grandfather. And we had to add. Now, remember it like it was yesterday today. It was 1942. It's been a couple of months, you know. Yeah, thanks. Oh, hi, ladies. I'll visit. I'll visit. And I'll go home. Hi, how are you? Come on, don't forget to visit. Where is Flight's up? Well, he went under the covers and turned in more than the descent in June. Very well, then. And the first information I've informed me today. Oh, I got the Rosenblatt, the guy there's a June. You can have him. And that low-instined brother, there's one for you. And now my happy spec now. I use it to wipe my boots. Oh, well, that's it. What? Your efforts were not going to be rewarded. Death Yara is pleased with your collaboration, and even visiting this office once he concludes his meeting with Restan Bush. I don't know about you, but I use his meat tenderbuses. Ah, ah, ah! I need a hand of mine to roll his head, I read off. What do you know? What do you say? He's a 35-year-old guy. He says you have a nice doubt. 13-15 things? No, he wants you to bend over. I see. Here. Come on. Here. Here. Oh, hi. I'll do it. I will do it. I'll let him go. I'll let him go. Who's up, Yara? Who's your wife? That thing is when the judge came at me. It's a lot of 34-26 still known as 560-WDQ. I just feel like we're out of sync because everybody else is having another day vacation today. Yeah. And caught me unprepared. That'll earn you. 560 and a lot of the stuff you're sending me is very interesting, but it's very morbid. I don't want to start the week by getting morbid. I'm not sure if you can get everybody else's morbid as possible. Sorry. Are there any of those Carlos just did that with an article? Yeah. About all that. I mean, the fact is that people who have any kind of sensitivities at all, they're moved by these horrible pictures, the kids with their arms blown off and they're all of these things. We've seen them a many times now. Not enough, but we've seen them a lot. And the people out there who are all oblivious, who will goose step along and just put the blinders on and pretend that these things are going on, or that they're just the necessary collateral damage and crap happens, and the untightiness of war, whatever you want to call, we're not going to change their mind. So if you want to put that on the website, that's fine, but in terms of my sitting here reading that stuff, what's the point? Okay? What's the point? We've got a bunch of clowns up here that are running around attending funerals and go out elsewhere. People that are SARS-Pause that are including healthcare professionals that are a belligerent in the adamant. You know, that's really not all unnecessary to go to somebody's funeral if that's the case. Follow them, Sam. Putting hundreds of other people at risk? Because when somebody is dead, it's not a question of how much they'll appreciate it anymore. Follow what I'm saying. I'm not big on funerals. Marine downrights a tale of two Fridays. The Pentagon, aka the International Trust for Historic Preservation, is once more shown to world its deep cultural sensitivity. Franklin Graham, the Christian Evangelist who has branded Islam a very wicked and evil religion, was the honored speaker at the Pentagon's Good Friday Service. After Kenna West, the Christian singer, Crune, there is one God in one faith. Mr. Graham told another story of soldiers in camouflage, have it in staffers and his son, a West point cadet. There's no other way to God except you, Christ. Jesus Christ is alive because he is risen and friends he's coming back and I believe he's coming back soon. When Muslim groups complained that the Pentagon was endorsing his attacks on Islam, Mr. Graham asked for a photo of with Muslim Pentagon employees, they declined. Muslim suspicious that America's on a crusade against his Lomor and Flamblur and Mr. Graham is taking his mission to react to Iraq. There's still scorched fires remarks to NBC News after 9.11. It wasn't Methodist flying into those buildings and it wasn't Lutherans. It was in attack on his country by people of the Islamic faith. He wrote in his last book, The Christianity in Islam, where's different as lightness and darkness, and recently told us Sunday times of London, the two God is the God of the Bible, not the Quran. Workers from Mr. Graham's Christian Relief Organization, Samaritan's Purse, where in Jordan, waiting to invade Iraqi infidels with a blend of kitchen pantry and Al-Morgantry. A blend of kitchen pantry and Al-Morgantry. Treating Operation Iraqi food or freedom was a lucky break for Jesus, Mr. Graham told the religious website, the leaf net, where they're to reach out and love them and to save them and as a Christian I do this in the name of Jesus Christ. The 50-year-old son of Billy Graham has post-connections to the present who was in charge of evangelical outreach during his father's 88 campaign and who pressed the warrant Iraq by calling Liberty God's Gift to Humanity. Both Cions remained in Jesus Christ after periods of rebellion. Franklin Graham gave his that science, I mean, if you ever get that word right. Re-committed Jesus Christ after periods of rebellion, Franklin Graham gave the prayer to W.S. inud. Will the President said, Billy Graham pleaded to see them in my heart to stop drinking and embrace Jesus. He pleaded that evil bad seed in his heart. In bad that it was bad Friday, on the Islamic Holy Day, thousands of Iraqis marched to downtown, shutting for American leave our country. Looters continuing their rampage stool, vials of a polio virus from a public couplet, but to ensure that the information ministry on fire. Moolas were happy to talk and walk after suffocating under Sodom. You are masters today, she costmed all the Kubisi left your American in one vast mosque. In one bag that mosque, but I warn you against sticking of staying, get out before we force you out. And then she says, isn't this how Osama got started? Back here the Neocons and War planners were too busy gloting to worry about the ambient sound of civilizations clasping. Rummy once a back-teller, rocky pipeline booster, and obviously planning low to American military bases into Iraq, seems almost perversely determined to act as though the vandalizing a Rolex of the birth of civilization was insignificant something only Sissy's could cry over. It's the same for its the same person the picture arc and I read today. It's the same picture of some person walking out of some building with a vase he said or do you want to save vase? And you see twenty times and you think, Mike goodness whether that many vases? Is it possible there were that many vases in the whole country? If vase? The Pentagon could easily have said the National Museum of Library if they'd be deployed the American troops assigned to guard Osma Chalabi, the Richard Pearl Pal, Pentagon candidate and convicted him Bezler, who's back in Iraq trying to ingratiate himself of the country left 40 years ago. Instead of hectering those who expressed any doubt about the difficulty of occupying Iraq the Conservatives should worry about their own self-perity, pandering for the base by blessing evangelical Christians who want to proselytize Muslims. Protecting their interests by backing a shady expat puppet, pleasing their contributors by rampantly awarding rebuilding contracts to halibut and then back till, and swaggering like gods as Iraq's cultural heritage goes up in flames. Talk about a baptism by fire, says Marine Dout, Sir. Marine a bad reading by me but another great call in New York Times to yesterday. Bad reading, sorry. Well, it's Monday anyway. Now did Jim Lens call in yet? No, yeah. Damn it. In fact, nobody's on her right. I look at that. I'm not telling you, man. It's just not another one of those Mondays. This is a special one. Why didn't you warn me about that? Sorry. If I want to learn a Q and the mad dog will be here one and he's going to let you when you call in on the mad dog, they he'll let you decide when your call is up. Okay? To say, okay mad dog, I'm done. Here's a great story for you if you try to lose some weight. The lights are west-boke at the Lake and Alps Islam down because this entire story is dedicated and the curie only products that are going to help you lose weight. 700 and plus low-carb sugar free products in one great story. So whether you're on the Akins, Western peace or any other low-carb sugar free diet, the lights are west-boke as a story going to love. Try some of their newest bakery products like chocolate cupcakes and brownies by carb control with only one effective gram of carbs for serving. They are delicious and don't forget to lights incredible selection of other good tasting stuff. The car has passed this sources, dressing cheese cakes, chocolates and their famous soft syrup carbollat ice cream. Don't forget to lights-boke all that can brands product or 25% off all day every day. Their staff knows dieting inside and not and they're open every day to end at 10. You'll find the lights on the Northeast corner of Glades in 441. Right next door to Boston Market. Call them tool free at 1-877 low-carb or shop them on the net if you like it low-carb.com. Here's a story entirely dedicated to you and your desire to lose that disgusting, grow test ugly on healthy fat. The lights are west-boke your official atkins retail centers. Bright and local, this is 50-50. The ring is all yours. Oh, you idiot. Believe it. No, the athletic casting call. All right, Tom Brokak! Come on, Tom. A-five. Again, Tom? A-five. One more time, Tom. I'm losing a second part. One more. A-her. Next. My Tyson. My Tyson. Yes, my Tyson. Stop saying what I'm saying. I say what I'm saying. I bet. Again, I bet. Again, I bet. Next. Jesse Jackson. Ah fuck. Ah, the Duffer. Ah, for luck. Jesse, I'm sorry, but the duck is white. Next. Woody Allen. Just nuts to me. It's not to mean to duck the twacks. Staked in a scrub, Mr. Allen. It's crazy to insanity. Great the line please. I would have ducks be next. The great young counter-yster. How welcome, sir. Welcome. Come on, Tom. I have a third of three to line please. Ah fuck. Ah, excuse me, sir again. Ah fuck. So I'm sorry that second part of the line I don't. I'm simply flaying. Ah fuck. Next. Oh God. I guess we got Gilbert got three to over here. All right, give it to a Gilbert. Ah fuck. Ah one more time Gilbert. Ah fuck. Well Gilbert, I pretty much hate you. And I think you're terrible, but yeah, close thing we got. You got the job. The fucking get that buzz out of Gilbert, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. 145 at 5. 16WC. So it's official our hot couple's contest part two. Starts Thursday, May 1. We can Thursdays at correct yesterdays. We can log on to where we've set email of pictures themselves with their significant other. And I want to be kind about the last, you know, we had that one really nice looking couple. And then. Two weeks to add to any of your pictures on Thursday May 15 pictures will be up on a web for voters to choose their favorite. It's strictly up to the audience. Thursday may 22 the couple with the most votes wins. Contest to run for three months and they will have one hot couple running one trip each and every month. I'd like that because the grand prize is a three day tonight's day for two and a week. We'll see you in a Bahamas with round trip air fair on like a rare. Run up dinner for two at the pizza log. Got it? Got it. Okay. Let me stick that to me appropriate place. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line on our website today. Where would you never eat even if they gave you the food for free we asked? 439 votes tells you everything you need no about this crowd because 37% said, we don't care. We'll eat any of its free if it's free all eat it. It's me. 162 people. 651 said McDonald's they wouldn't eat their food for free. 42 softball to stadium food they said. Pizza of 32, softball 32, Burger King 30. How many for Burger King? About 30 man. RB's 22, then he's 21, my name is 716, Roadhouse Grill 6, Waffle House 5, Little Red Caboose 4, Popeyes 4, Apple Bay Street, the old Dairy Queen in that Reserberger 2, Smith and Malinsky 2, KFC 1 and Boston Chicken is one owner. It don't have any yet out of 444 votes. WCWM? Yes sir. Hello. This is me, Georgeine speaking. What is it? Good. I want to add something to your poll. 7 or 11 foods. Ah, you don't like then pickled sausages? Some of those hot dogs I think have been on their own tastes. And those pickled eggs? I think I've never looked at pollen to the hell, by the way. Yeah. I think that was our Jackson. A lot of the lines we're taking from Barry's column, you're right. Okay, thank you, sir. You're done. You're done. He was taken lines from everybody in here. Howard David, a stand up radio host. I'm characteristically faded like a cheap claim or a gulstream park. Oh my god. This is Dico and a polyman and PD Lenny. They're playing little games. You know, I guess they got too much time on their hands. PD Dico's turned up too many losing tricots, tricots, tricots, and gulstream. Yeah, too many tricots, man. And by the way, a rimmers not getting your job. Pernoyed and delusional, the default man. 560, 560, p. 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Nobody saw goodwill hunting. Nobody's going to say about it because they're convinced that the only reason I'm watching is because Matt Damon's in it and they're right. Nobody saw that passion singing except George. Now you saw Sheridan. Yeah. And she's hot. What do I tell ya? You told me she was hot and she is. Tonya folks, they didn't want to listen to us. They didn't think they got their own agenda man. They're the role of Mr. Rags on a front lawn. They are. WCQAM. They also? Yes, man. Hey, I had something to add to your poll on off the two lights. But check. No, not too late. What is it? Checkers. Checkers. Yeah. It's horrible. Is it really? Yeah. Anyway, goodwill hunting is a great movie. There's one scene in particular there. You've got to see that it's Robin Williams and Matt Damon on a bench. And he gives a speech to him. It's fantastic. You got to watch the whole movie. All right. I saw that part. That's in the early part of the movie. Oh, you saw that. Yeah. I watched about 20 minutes of it. Then I taped the rest because it was on real late last night. Well, watch the whole thing. I think it's a great movie. Okay. Thanks. Okay. Say, Santa, checker. She said checkers blows. That's what she said. I never read there. I don't know. We didn't get good comments about checkers. Of course, the week has gone. Right. I mean, no matter what, no matter what place you open up, they're going to be a few people. On that place is really great. Just like Denny's. Look at all the business they do, huh? Right. And do we get the oligore non-nerodal thing? So Carlos. I don't see no oligore non-nerodal. There it is. It's got seven. I thought it was on there. It's got seven votes. I'm starting to sound like Mickey now, you know? Five six seven. Five sixty. On the AT&T line, we got Jim Mad Dog. Jim Mad is the old Wolverine. Be a long one or clock today. We're waiting desperately. We're just killing some time until Jim from plantation calls in to program the rest of this show and the rest of the station from now until the end of time. Or at least until Friday when the book comes out. Well, it is going to be a lot of pressure on some people when that book comes out. Man, can you just, don't be too close in a morning. And the early morning, I'm coming like about a minute before nine. Okay. Because the aroma of his baggage floating. Well, that's right. The numbers won't be until 1130 anyway. But the pressure. Pressure is going to be building on his bag. Those veins are going to be popping all over the place. The pressure's on you at this time, Mo. It's in your capable hands. And if he doesn't show up Saturday, he is a bad book. You don't show up Saturday if that thing. I think that's it. I think the needle beneath though. About that. WCOM. Hey, I'm trying to get into the needle. Speaking. No, hey buddy. This is Stephen Plantation. You want me to go find Jim for you? Yeah, well, you find Jim. I think he's in the T-room right now. But when he gets out, tell me you need to speak to him. Okay. I'll look for him. I'm done. Okay. Ha ha ha ha. Everybody's looking for poor Jim and plantation, which I'm sure that they must install it as name. Or maybe he's just like I said, I want the racetrack buddies from default in the polyman. You got to get the polyman back. Oh, my god. Are you people crazy or what? And the grugly man. The polyman and the grugly man. Doesn't that tell you everything you need to know about that Saturday trivia show? The polyman, the grugly man and default. Yeah. I'd rather go out and chew up a goofle than listen to the default. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I just couldn't handle those puns anymore. I mean, Steve Nichol just destroyed that child. He just whatever vestiges of hope they were in him. I just, he destroyed it. Thanks a lot, Steve. By the way, I'm sure Steve Nichol we're here. He probably give us a closing comment. WCWAM. Okay, sir. Listen, I got to please, how about the county building? You know, they've got upstairs and then have the mayor come sick and you and say if you are, uh, don't wear your mothable. Is he done? Huh? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5. I have no idea what he just said. I, I, there were some words that I recognize that seem as fairly familiar. WCWAM. Oh, damn it. That was jam. Yeah. I could tell I could tell by the dial tone. I was jam. Come on call us back, Jim. The mayor is waiting for you. WCWAM. And I think everyone. Yeah, that's the same guy again. He keeps calling on line NN. It's his fourth call today. Get lost, loser. Okay. Go to the track, default, pick you some winners. Well, that's another thing. Now, some of our track food is good. Like a pop at a park in course in the cloud. Get to Ben and Jerry's. But the food at Gulfstream course haven't been there in years by hear some real band reports and the food at High Alea. Woo! Oh my god. Woo! When they were still doing their thing, I don't even know if they're ever going to do their thing in High Alea. I don't know what the status is. They were doing what I want to know. Wow. Wow. And if the food was edible at High Alea, which was not that if it would have been, the people who were selling it in the handling it. I mean, you to thought that at least they would have put the rafts in the back room. Huh? It just don't look too appetizing when the people that are handling your food have got their rubber rafts in my right-by-word understanding. And so, if I still have some more still standing in it with water up for their ankles. Well, we gotta have some extra water in order to boil some of them weanies. We gotta be proud of it. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T. John Brunetti, what you did, man, what you did to that once glorious place. There are no words to describe it. WQAM. The warrior meal. Yes, sir, what is this? Speak to the parliament. So, I'm not going to show you yesterday. Pick me a bunch of losers. Yeah. How are David this morning was talking about rating some guy with that's for him. What shares and, uh, yeah, they're the funnest I kind of got to. I was just on a minute ago who called. Oh, I got a minute. The whole thing. Yeah, I wish they had a full-out casino. And I think I'm out in the open plate. One of the polyman's buddies. Yeah. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon. Wireless line. Guys that they threw out in New York City. Guys that got, uh, bumped out of Brooklyn, man. All wound up in South Florida 1 up on a radio on QAM for a while. They're gone. They're gone, which we say. I heard that hit the big go. I'm rather here. Joseph Gackie and the big. Oh, do a two-man show for the next 400 years continuous. Then here the polyman or the Gurgyman. That's how I'm supposed to say. Right. The Gurgyman. WQAM. Are they done? Are they done on 7? They sound on the May. Well done. WQAM. Hello. Hey, you forgot our little season. Our little season is bad. I have to work with cardboard. Salty. Salty. Okay. Thank you. Little season. Get that on it. That's the one that the bird used to tell me was so good. The one down there on the old Vixie highway. And the cables across from you of him where they had no taste anyway. Yeah. I'm going to tell you. We get confirmation that the beast was taking out at Marquette Stadium on Saturday night. I'm going to be so pissed off at that piece of turt. I might start taking most side about him. And that would take an awful lot. And what is he thinking about? In fact, what is the water not see thinking about what she's doing as largely, yeah? I think what she ought to do is just put all the spots for the same people on like back to back. That would be a good idea. It's a time and effort. But I'll let you show you something really nice for asses. I'm going to show you something really nice. I'm going to show you something really nice. I'm going to show you something really nice. I'm going to show you something really nice. I'm going to show you something really nice. I'm going to show you something really nice. I'm going to show you something really nice. I'm going to show you something really nice. I'm going to show you something really nice. I'm going to show you something really nice. I'm going to show you something really nice. I'm going to show you something really nice. I'm going to show you something really nice. I'm going to show you something really nice. I'm going to show you something really nice. I'm going to show you something really nice. I'm going to show you something really nice. I'm going to show you something really nice. I'm going to show you something really nice. I'm going to show you something really nice. I'm going to show you something really nice. I'm going to show you something really nice. I'm going to show you something really nice. I'm going to show you something really nice. I'm going to show you something really nice. I'm going to show you something really nice. I'm going to show you something really nice. I'm going to show you something really nice. I'm going to show you something really nice. I'm going to show you something really nice. I'm going to show you something really nice. I'm going to show you something really nice. I'm going to show you something really nice. I'm going to show you something really nice. I'm going to show you something really nice. I'm going to show you something really nice. I'm going to show you something really nice. I'm going to show you something really nice. I'm going to show you something really nice. I'm going to show you something really nice. I'm going to show you something really nice. I'm going to show you something really nice. I'm going to show you something really nice how you can show anything much. 100 83 tango F1e vs 130 and a 33agger get Roserables. Well, it's been three months ofachen and everything's just for me. I'll show you something great. I'm going to show you sometimes in the foreseeable weather like what you've been around for a moment. In the 70 coefficient size. I see I'm going to show you something really nice. This blasting. I use so often. I'm going to show you communication right now. This. It's a blind... Fox News coverage of the liberation of Iraq continues in a moment with the latest surrender tellies. The phenomenal battle successes of the last 24 hours, and a special Fox News segment on the genius of President Bush, is he everybody's hero or is saint, same from heaven above? Live coverage on CNN 24 hours a day is the war justified. We'll show you video of thousands of protesters yelling at each other then back to the battlefield where US led troops from meeting stiff resistance from egg-throwing Iraqi citizens. Oh, Chris Matthews MSMBC and the way of yelling, but our reporters in Iraq share heart-wrenching stories and American heroism through green screen night vision cameras, and they will take you back to the states to meet their families in heavily-ended segments, featuring dramatic music that will bring you to the man this man, a convulsion cheers! Only on out, you did out, where you find the truth about the war and a rock. Tonight, we show you the mess of this bloody murder of millions of innocent islands by evil US forces as they desperately try to raise their kill ratio to hide their failing leadership. On 12, 1 in 5, 60, W from speaking of Fox, here's this article from BuzzFlanch, one thing is crystal clear, clear channels is a subsidiary of Bush Inc. Rally for America, they supposedly politically neutral homegrown events that started spreading up in cities across the nation earlier this year, due thousands of flag-waving Dixie-Chicating folks who favor President Bush's war with Iraq. The rallies also do their fair share of criticism, those sponsored by local radio stations, those stations here are common owner, the Texas-based clear channel worldwide Inc. Virginia giant with a nationwide network of 1240 radio stations in a clear line to Bush. Numerous media lets a raise questions about Rally for America was it appropriate for a major media company to sponsor an uncover, patriotic support the troops rallies? Of course not, but what the weather's matter when friends are involved. It's no coincidence that clear channel executives Tom Hicks and L. L. R. Mays have contributed tens of thousands of dollars to Bush's gubernatorial and presidential campaign coffers or that clear channel gave over 119 grand in soft-mighty Republicans in 2001 and too, this on top of 83,000 to give in 2000. Democrats mean while got 25,000 in soft-money in the same three-year period, or that clear channel stays to the known to pull radio ads criticizing Republicans. So what if anything did clear channel hope to gain by curing favor with the pro-war Washington? Well consider that Congress is currently studying the effects of media consolidation and may make changes that could affect third-channel's reach. Consider that media ownership is concentrated in two-fue hands Senator Russ Fyne called a Wisconsin-Introduce the Competition in Radio and Concert Industries Act in 2002, which would limit further deregulation. The Senate Commerce Committee is held hearings on legislation and the FCC is scheduled to vote for June 2. FCC Chairman Michael Powell, at yes, son of that poll, already is indicated that media ownership regulations could be relaxed even beyond that of the 1996 telecommunications act than enable clear-channel to go from owning 36 radio stations for less than the former legal limit. To becoming the largest radio owner in the U.S. Clear-channels executives like Powell's thinking are not as fine to find goals. After all, I've been pretty good for clear-channel while the number of radio stations that runs comprise is 10% of the nation's total, clear-channel takes in 20% of already advertising revenues, $16 billion in 2001 and reaches 25% of all total listeners. It owns approximately 39 television stations than more than 770,000 billboards. Clear-channels also the biggest live concert promotions firm, which is angered some in the music world, recording artists, for example, have alleged their clear-channel punishes musicians who don't hire clear-channels their tour promoter by reducing the number of times their album is played on certain stations or by taking out of a rotation, clear-channel of course denies the charge. Certainly all the negative publicity has gotten a clear-channel, recently hired a public relations firm to improve its image and washing in DC lobbyists to help its cause. Just last week, Clear-channels announced it was doing a way with the pay for play system whereby record companies funnel money through independent promoters to radio stations and exchange for airplane. Instead, Clear-channel proposed a new restructure relationship with recording industry on specific group-wide, contesting promotions and marketing opportunities, but less anyone thinks this is a step toward a new and proof clear-channel, consider what one artist manager told the Chicago Tribune, Clear-channels getting rid of indie promoters to take more and more directly with the labels and artists, we'd be better off to keep our hands on our wallets. Echoes on and on for pages and pages was on our website yesterday, so it's on our stories on our featured stories from past days. And of course we know that most of the radio stations in South Florida, most of the ones that anybody knows about, AMWIOD, Wins, WINZ, and what is it now WIFX? What is it right? WRFX, WFDIS. Right. And then of course, FM, you got $194 and you got $1100 and you got just a long, long list. What's the other ones? Is it big? Big small, Zeta. Zeta? Zeta? Closed-94. I mean, other than the three or the three that are owned by Cox and then a couple that are owned by us, the three owned by Beesley, everything else basically is Clear-channel, which is why you hear the same music. The same syndicated talk mice, do the same right-wing crap, every single market. And boy, this administration loves it. What better way to boost up the audience for it along? 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line, WCQAM, hello. How you doing now? Okay, sir. And did you see that story about the guy that I saved his own dogs, dogs, because the firefighter didn't want to go up to the balcony? No, I did not. Yeah, he's somehow climbed up to the first, you know, the first floor. He broke the sliding glass door, grabbed his dog, the dog jumped out, the balcony, then he jumped. They arrested him. He arrested him for what? They said that he was in danger in other lives, because if he's still not reason I've gotten a trap up there, which he couldn't get broken down glass door. Yeah. And that he would put a firefighter in peril. And then this morning, you know, the people were pissed. And this morning they need a piano on those morning shows. I got up to pee and I didn't, you know, sorry. They brought out like the path, his path. He's been arrested before I could drink in and stuff like that. What's that that to be with one thing or the other? Well, are you serious with the dog drinking? Yeah, probably. Okay. 560, look at that phone man. Nothing. Zippity dude. Like Mickey said, don't see that song anymore. I will anyway. Zippity dude. Very, very weak, baby. Waiting for a coronary bypass has died after a delay in surgery, because of the source How do you like that? Somebody was waiting for a coronary bypass and a wait because they closed down on those, you know, hospital surgeries, right? And they died while they were waiting. Well, they're waiting for all this other stuff to get taken care of. The important stuff. WDQAM? Yeah, let's pick the nail. Speaking. Third topic change real quick for you. General manager of the very last stand in the bash of the freedom of the city, the first one to do full-order nail. The last strip club we ended on Saturday. The mayor's in the 70th campaign and finally succeeded. We're all completely done now. And I could never understand the reason why he had to close all those down. Tax-paying businesses for the simple reason that it was not a venue he would ever want to entertain and go to. This was in a city of full-order nail. So another Jim Naglers who we're talking about. That's correct. That good Christian mayor right that they just reelected again for our reasons. I'll be notes to me. Thanks. Exactly the same reason. I could not understand. There's a lot of people who do support what he's done for the city. And I really don't understand where the complication came at the play. I mean, if there was a lot, you have a COVID-19. I mean, not the main thing. I've had many, many arrests. Many not one call. So over the time of operation, they've been open. We've had two or the three. And yet we seem to be more of a posture of concern to him than that establishment. I could never understand the reasoning behind it. Well, maybe you're not to increase in word palms. Well, actually, I should say the funny thing about our owner, or owner, so the same thing. If nobody had their hand out, somebody had their hand out. At least you could at least do that. But nobody ever knew how their hand out. Those are the gentlemen who are the books. But you know, this was a local's part. This thing had been for 23 years and due to hard pressure and closing a lot of doors for us. Our attorney said, you know, we're better off just ending it. They would come in and basically just force us out no matter what. Well, good luck to pal. I appreciate taking care. Okay. Another one by today. I said, in four-laterials, man, we don't want no stuff like that. We don't want to swing clubs. We got the BS. On an air tail. Little Ken Jenny with his hip boots. But you know, I consider him pontificate in screen. And how are it? It's not floating. Never going to change. Never ever going to change. You're never going to have real casino gambling. You're not going to have no slot machines in a race track. All of these things are pipe dreams by well-meaning people. But that's not Florida, man. So Bible bump in the end of the all mugwump illegal alien. Whatever it is. That's very sad. But it's paradise. WDQIM. Mighty calm. WDQIM. WDQIM. Oh, ah. I need a high-doin. Okay, sir. The flyers will put you out of your misery tonight. Probably. Oh, man, that's it. There you go. There's another one. Another good sports fan. The flyers will put you out of your mind. Can't discuss it at all. I admit the Leafs are sticking to join out. The flyers are a better team. They're playing longer. Can't have a real discussion. This is a-and this letter right. This idiot. You know, I have to agree with Mo. I have to agree with Mo for once in my life. Who was getting hysterical about this letter in a hero day yesterday. And that is that you people can't most of you. Can't have a real discussion with anybody. Especially if there's any disagreement involved. It's the little hit and run, you know. You're real big guys behind the end of the video to phone. But you're pushing this is what most of you are. I mean, I'm really wounded by that. Okay, you know, I've been Leaf fan for 45 years. And since 67 has been nothing but disappointment after this apartment. So I'm used to what I had plenty of practice. They're going to be the end of my life. But that's a-that's a hockey conversation. So put you out of your misery. Now first of all, not in any misery. That's number one. I'm doing this fine. As whole. God, what a pleasant place. I think that any eyes. And you know something. If they want to play an auto-war in New Jersey next to fire to get their ass kicked. Okay, you're into that. How do you like that, sir? Put that in your pipe and smoke it. Put your air at the Jadar. The Jadar is your Don and is the broken foot. The Jadar and the stick him too. He's out. Man, it is so pleasant. Better use that meat. It's all I can tell you. How about a QAM? Well, pleasant, Bill. Yes, sir. This may be paradise, but you'll never see a paradise. Yeah, that's what I said before. Thanks for using my material. And I clever. Ha ha ha ha ha. You're right, man. That mo he hit it on the head this morning. I'm almost starting to like him a little bit. I said almost. Then I did say a very very little bit. Well, when he's right, he's right. It hasn't happened before, but it's the first time we're with him. Although he did go on to say, well, but most of our colors really have something to say. And I need to say, yeah, I've heard your calls. Who the hell are you, kid? And the same losers. The same handful of nipwits. Why can't you just tell a like it is? Okay, you don't have to suck up to the colors. Okay, most of them make it no diaries. They're going to help you out. The freaking colors. The ones that go. Like that. Anyway, how many times did he hear by? I think that Todd Lek is ever going to send us any new copy for any of his accounts. Oh, I just asked him, just thinking out loud. I'm not saying that on the ear. And I'm certainly not asking anybody in particular that I'm just wondering myself, you know? I wonder wonder who wrote the book a love. And it sure is how it wasn't him. Todd, man, if anybody ever lived up to the name, Dreck is where it's at. You really are it. And of course, you know how it is now that's grand. And they took a week and a half. They still haven't scraped her ass off the floor back there. They better get her up by Wednesday. What should I think? No, no, as I hear somebody's come back to give her a real important gift on Wednesday. Rory for assistance for whatever it is they. How many times did he hear by the great opportunity, but you just didn't reach out and grab it in time and it slipped away. Well, right now is one of those times don't let his opportunity missed by you. Interest rates have gone down even lower than before. Financial group was offered unit interest rate of 3.45 percent. Then they lowered it to 2.95 percent. Now rates have gone out even lower. 2.45 percent financing with financial group best right. 2.45 percent. Call financial group toll free at 1.809-4. Oland. How long these interest rates last you may be wondering. Well probably not very long. It's a window of opportunity which we invite you to hop right on through with the National Group which yourself an incredible or rate of just 2.45 percent save yourself thousands and billions of dollars. Call financial group today there's no obligation else plain it to you. Call 1.809-4. Oland. What will 2.45 percent financing do to those monthly payments here? The answer. If you have a $200,000 loan you pay only $786 a month. If you have a $100,000 loan you pay only $393 a month. So do it now. Call financial group 1.809-4. Oland 1.809-4 O, O, E, N.D. The wrinkle housing letter. Credit restrictions apply rates are something to attend without notice five point three, four APRs. I am a huge subscriber. I am a huge subscriber. I am a huge subscriber. I am Ephesians head coach and I love the queen of so-flard and new ruggers should be in but an impolice but we'll keep them here Real American souls We salute you, Mr. Dance by yourself, guy Dance by yourself, guy You think she's dancing with you? Then she robs another man's crotch Most men would leave the floor with their heads hung low But not you, you feel the rhythm in your soul and the peach snaps coursing through your veins Sure, people are looking at you judging you, wishing you were dead But you don't care, you just do a spin move and pariah Finally, you make your move Only to find out that her boyfriend did time and enjoy it So we salute you, Mr. Dance by yourself, guy You're broken jaw, you're ambulance driver and you're parachute pants You are a real American asshole You asshole? Professor of 18 at 5.60 W if you am happy Monday too, what you're like at or not A lot of sour people there, you know what it is Anyway, we're asking our website today, maybe they eat too many bad meals It's too many bad restaurants, good that we have too many bad restaurants Apparently there's plenty Where would you never eat even if they gave you the food for free We're asking on your arages.com Today we got over 500 of vote, 503 to be exact If it's free, I'll eat it, 183 36.3% are such free loaders that even if it tasted like mung Even if it was like slime, it was sloped, if it's free to eat it McDonald's 55, I've changed it again I hate it, McDonald's like I said 56 Soft loader stadium food 45, the swap shop food 39, pizza 34, Burger King The slow got to say number of votes I'm waiting for the man God, almighty R.B. 25, then he's 23, Miami Sub's 19, Olive Garden 12 See this? That kind of a day, you know? That is Popeyes 9, waffle house 7, road house grill 6, apple b's and little red kaboos He's have four, little red kaboos will turn you loose Dairy queen three with their reserve specials Smith and Mullenski three, KFC three And Boston chickens got one They got one What, well, which one of our finds sponsors is the runner star? It's the D lights is right by Boston chicken right? I don't know In Boka, well, what do you mean you don't know what is your story? Whatever had to go, remember the food would show up here Whether we, when we wanted it Israel six pipeline for a racquet oil We already had this story I mean, we'll in breathlessly thank you, Lynn, but we only had this story And by the way, tell them, oh that was gonna be my pull question tomorrow Kenneth must match your mad Damon or mad drudge Huh? Oh, I got the rest of that story there She'd have a nervous breakdown I could close personal friendly and he's got that obsession With Mr. Dudgemeister, would that lady? I got a right here I might get to that one of these days soon By her sending those roses to David Brock But at any rate Well, it is, uh, assistant day or something like that Is the professor of the tier a professional ass day? Israel six pipeline for a racquet oil pants And we did say this, but it's worth repeating Because this should give you a little better insight As to what's going on Tans to build a pipeline, the siphon oil From newly conquered Iraq to Israel Are being discussed between Washington, Tel Aviv, and potential future governments And bagged that The plan and visit is the reconstruction of an old pipeline In active since the end of the British mandate in Palestine in 48 When the slow from Iraq's northern or failed to Palestine was redirected to Syria Oh, no Now it's reservation would transform economic power in the region Bringing revenue to the new US dominated Iraq Cutting out Syrian, solving Israel's energy crisis at a stroke It would also create an endless and easily accessible source of cheap Iraqi oil For the US guaranteed by reliable allies other than Saudi Arabia The keystone of US foreign policy verdict aids in especially since 911 Until 48 the pipeline ran from the Kurdish controlled city of Mosul To the Israeli port of Haifa on the northern Mediterranean coast To be viable of the pipeline was first discussed openly by the Israeli Minister for National Infrastructures Joseph Perritsky, according to the Israeli newspaper Horitz and we had this last week The paper course for its gues saying that the pipeline which had his views energy build drastically Probably by more than 25% since the cut we currently largely depend on the extensive imports from Russia There you go See maybe Lillin was busy punching or go sound Vegas when we had a story to first on but it bears repeating again. Thanks sweetheart Ken is my smudge. Oh, I'm sorry. Matt Dylan I would agree. Are you kidding me Matt Dylan Matt Damon how much earth Matt Dylan five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty I don't know what it is. I feel like I'm on magic mushrooms or something day. Maybe it's these great friendly calls WQIN. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah, I'm going to talk to Neil speaking. Hey Neil, I just want to talk about mall. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um, you know how to turn better deal. Yeah. Tom. Why? You've heard the term better deal. Yeah. Better deal. Yeah. We had a better deal for you kids called the Dalton. Five six seven oh five sixty pound go back to New York to why you read it pound five sixty on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless line Oh, you know this is going to be online again. WQI. I'm chronicline. No, it's the it's the disney broad. Oh my god. After all this time now Gilbert's girlfriend. What did she just say? I have no idea. Is something pregnant? This Gilbert's girlfriend. Well, that's been the running gag. I don't think either one of them could stand each other. I can't. This must match. You'll make Dylan Matt Damon or Matt Drudge. Matt Damon gets my vote. Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. I'm very very bizarre money. Oh, actually it's okay. You know, it kind of a bizarre way. Like I said, we like bizarre. WQI M. I'll call your. He's done. WQI M. Yes, sir. I'm doing good buddy. I've got a fire for you. Don't paly. Yeah. I was at the hurricane scheme this weekend. Sir, if you're going to tell me that the beast was picking out. I'm going to get so mad. I may have another stroke. Well, you know, I saw him. I told him I was calling you. I just a Monday. I asked him where his back was. I don't know how he could sit there. He said to sit right next to Joseph. He was actually eaten a stuff off of his dying. Yes. He was picking out. I got a fire for him and chose the Gatkin. Yeah. My buddy's at the game with me. He went to the bathroom. The Gatkin was walking, went down in the bath muscle. The Gatkin was, we got through. He was shooting it. And he hung right on neck. Ha ha ha. Okay. Well, I'm glad that you're concerned about it. Okay. Here's a Gatkin stock. So, okay. I think I would a jokes a Gatkin penis report. Well, I guess it kind of fits right. You can fuse it now with his face. Okay. We always called Joe old penis post. Yeah. Well, you did anyway. I never said that. Five sticks, seven, all five, 60, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. You know what he really wanted to hear? Oh, my. Oh, my. That's what I want to do. You didn't have the balls to ask for it. So, I did. I had to sneak it in. We know what you want. And quit looking to Joe as a private. The beast is very upset. Hello? Yes, sir. Speak to me. Oh, God. Yes, I am. I have a billboard spy report. Has anybody told you about the billboards around town? What do you mean our billboards? Yeah. They've been up for two months. Oh, all right. Well, yeah. There's one on the turnfike where they have a hundred yards down for the south. They have a most billboard bringing up your reader. No, you got the other way around. I'm on most rear. I'm on most ass. We show you. Oh, yeah. But he's on yours. Yeah. Well, that's all I got. Okay. Thanks for the exciting news. And by the way, Hitler just shot himself in the head. Turned away. Yeah. So the beast is upset. He called breathless. Breathless with anger. That's the same. That's the same. Well, I'm in all of his soup. People can call it and see. And he crap. They want just like they were told. He's a zombie blew up and gained all the way back. And Muff came running breathlessly in there. It's ain't no, no. He's still svelting. Never gained back and ask. He said, I don't think but soup. Yeah. Was the soup on his balance for life diet? No. I did a tell me that. I mean, soup. He could have had like a big bowl of clam chowder. You know how fatning that is? I mean, I love doing with clam chowder. Of course, him being from Boston. He's probably doing with clam chowder. Probably by the gallon. He probably had like like a whole, uh, watch you call it of it. What do they, what do you carry coffee in a thing of thermos? Yeah. Huh? Because it keeps it hot. He probably had a big steaming thermos of New England, fam chowder. And a couple of their sausages there. What did great segue to balance for life? You know, once upon a time we had a little round, really poorly guy called the beast. They used to be on balance for life. We're getting him off of it. Now we're going to find somebody else. Some other fat person to QAM that really would appreciate enjoy the food and stay on a program. He lost 62 pounds and that's what's cheap like every other day. Can you imagine if you really would done it the right way? He'd be like this about right now. Probably getting laid once you try today. Maybe with himself, but never lost something. Balance for life is the great way to lose the weight because it's easy even as smuck like the beast can do it. Because they do all the figuring for you. The only choice you have to make is on that menu this menu once a week. You pick between two choices for each meal. It's your own program. Breakfast lunch dinner and your snacks you get to choose between two for all of those five meals. In your little black sack when they deliver the food you every morning by six, there it is all the food for the entire day. Nothing to guess. Nothing to buy. Nothing to count. Three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks and it's all fresh and delicious made with fine ingredients. You just pop your little microwave trays in a microwave. Some of the stuff you even have to do that. Okay, I wouldn't suggest when you give you the oatmeal cookie probably don't look that. When you think, I'll come on hot cookie. Now there is nothing like a hot cookie. Three gourmet meals and two delicious snacks. So there's plenty food to keep you full all day long and the best part of the meal is nothing for you. Nothing frozen nothing pre-fammericated. No little teeny tiny containers with lots of chemicals in like those other joints. So let balance for life help you lose the weight and get rid of that big disgusting unhealthy fat blob. Call them today nine five four. In fact, speak out of get rid of that big fat blob. What about the beast? Call nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine. No soup by the way or check them out of there or website at balance for life dot com. Live in local. We're sports radio five sixties you a year. You call that. Here is. O Oh If five sixty-one two for that loser dilly that fire fan it call to have our goal with this quick hid run. I should like paper on out to the audience. audience that Saturday encased it in the game, which is the overwhelming majority in most don't care anyway, but Saturday and Philly, when they sang O' Canada first before, in fact its Gene Hearts daughter, used to do the play by play for the Flyers for years, Gene Heart, and other taste of tasty cake, it was good. But she's the one, she's great, she's beautiful, and she's a great singer, she sings her both national anthem. But when she started O' Canada, the crowd in Philly allowed those bore shassels were boon again, and back to that crap again, back to the old boon crap again. Philly, the most up not just the most hostile and nastiest, most belligerious people on the face of their disco, any kind of a sporting event there, talk to my shmitter, anybody else who plays sports in Philly and El Tanya, the Filly fans are crap, okay, they're garbage. So, in fact, I want to show you, I want to show you, I want to just call up Pat Quinn and say, it all pat, you better get the team to win, then I'd at least play a good game and give them a, and if not even win, then I just to injure a few more of them, would be good. Just out of spite. Anything happened to do is fill it up, he makes me want to vomit, okay, except the course for Dick Clark. Anybody else? I'm trying to think of other people from North Philly. Well, what's his name that we were accused of murder, fuel inspector, Philly specter, fuel inspector? Anyway, this article was just facts to me that you just said, and so depressing, I'd like to blow my brains up. New reality show in the worst story, OJ, this article was in the Fort Myers news press today. Some Myers Norman Pardo called no relation to Don, I'm sure, called Marty most culturally diverse Rednex you'll see is bringing OJ Simpson back in the spotlight. Oh, man. Pardo's publicly traded company, spiteable international ink. Now, look at the way they spelled publicly. What I got to say is, Fort Myers newspaper, has side a one-season contract with Urban American Television Network to televised a 13-week series staring OJ. The reality base show will be aired during prime time starting in June, while since reality base may be in kill a couple of people. UATV and is approximately 75 affiliates and comes into 22 million households through satellite TV. David Simon, UATV and executive vice president for network operations, it kindly released more details about the show. I hear it's a killer. Oh, man. And next to weeks, Simon says he expressed all the press confidence in the Miami area, part O's, spiteable, a corporate officer, when Ken Greenberg and attorney Craig Brand had been working out details of the show with officials from the network, they'll meet and for a lot of the day they met and for a lot of the day. I can't read it ascribe the show because it's going to have a bunch of different things in it, part O said, but it'll be the hottest thing I'm going to have to tell you that this is a format OJ's been looking for. Oh, no, brother. Pardo and Simpson developed a friendship over more than two years and Simpson's been quoted as in the past as calling Pardo my redneck buddy. He's the most culturally diverse redneck ever met, Simon said with a chuckle. The world is changing and it's changing for the better. Now, if he's going to be on TV, Pardo is about 60 hours of tape of Simpson, most of which we shot during a 12 city tour from 2001 and two, they were impressed with the amount of equipment we had as well as the quality of the video as Pardo said the network. They thought they were more exciting than Anna Nicole and the Osborns combined. Put your bloody meditions as what they saw. Oh, man. I like that. Like I said, America loves a scumbag man, make no mistake about it. Here's another fact that says, but, yeah, the Anna is setting up bases. You're going to have three or four permanent bases US in Iraq. They're never leaving. Number two, it says I was on a recent British airways, played among the choices for the personal video was boring for Columbine. When I returned the cassette to the cabin crew, they told me it was the most popular selection among the number on Lyon, many movies run list. But, third man. I wonder if any US base dear line would have the guts to offer Bolim for Columbine. No, no chance. Also, I think the arrow that it was sent by Tom Jicken and tentative input on local radio batteries. See, I think what's going on now, because we discussed this before the show today and of course with the economy the way it is and add the ads being cut back. Because newspapers have traditionally hated radio like poison and been terrified of local radio they don't like it because TV is a whole different category because it reaches for more people and the rates are very much higher. But the comparison would be between newspaper and radio sales ads. And so as we solved and I think that's what they've got. He'd never had met a Tommy Jicken but it's more than just a coincidence that absolutely nothing that's going on in local radio has gotten a word for over a year from Jicken from Glenn Garvin from Kevin on a baseball guy now, backster, any of these people. It would deny it, but guess what? There's nothing in there, except you know, some been bed is on Lyon. And when you're not ready, I'll summon you was crap. Anything that might be perceived as publicity for get about it, not going to do it. Now Jim Lens from Plantation, you've only got 25 minutes to go to call in today to continue programming the entire radio station and then when you do call and be sure what is no one you're done. 560, 560, 560, 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line, QAM hello. QAM? Yes? Hello, yes, hello, hello, how are you? I am good. A couple of things, first of all, the mute mirror, I don't know if it's too late to get on your whole mute mirror down in South Bay has green fish. Really? I don't hear what they, if they had to torture me, I wouldn't need it. What can thing is, I was calling with a fire report about the turnpike I'd been sitting on the turnpike going south for the South Bay extension for about 25 minutes. There's an accident that apparently was spreading across all six lanes, most directions. They've just opened it up again so I guess that's the end of that. But it is pretty packed up all the way to call away. The third thing is, speaking of hockey, what I'm really looking forward to is the matchup between the ducks and the stars. I was going to be fun to watch and get a blood all over the ice. Why is that? Maybe some things the ducks are up to at the youth. Well, who thought that they were up to the red wings? Exactly. You thought that the leaf's not showing up where the head was running away. Don't sell the duck short, okay? Don't sell them short. But you know, it's not good. In addition, which I hate the stars anyway, so go ducks. Well, let me ask you one more question. If you had to make a choice between the flyers and the devils when you meet the East, which one was your root for. I hate them both. I blame my brains out. Okay, well, we agree. Go said, here's go. Have a good try. Okay. Bye-bye. Go sends go if that's what it turns out. Of course, the Leafs haven't lost it. It's not official. We still got that game tonight. I'm looking to good though. Not too promising. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. And you know something when or lose, the fans here will comport themselves much more professionally and much more like real people than they didn't allow for on Saturday and every day and fully for any sporting event because they're much as come bags. AirB Street, according to affiliate, is loaded with come bags. Any given smell of the sun. In fact, what happened? They must have like a flood and all the slime from Philly ran over across the river to Jersey. And that's what happened to Jersey. Jersey, it gets the knocks all the time. But all that's stench and all that slime. It all came from Philly. Right across the freaking, what is that bridge? The Ben Franklin Bridge. And what's the other one? Yes, can they? You never been a full-out here, huh? That's good. Good choice. Cherry hell, there's Jersey's okay though. Okay. WCU-I-M. I-I-I-I-M. WCU-I-M-Hell-O. Yeah. I'm done. Yeah, you're done all right, just like the other guy before you started. WCU-I-M-Hell-O. How are you doing, Neil? Yeah, okay sir. Okay, I got a, that's wrong with it. Okay. Church is sick. Church is okay, yeah. Okay. All right, thank you, man. Thank you so much. That was quick and to the point. Church is we have these on here or like, uh, what are we doing? What was the one that she said? Moments, you don't near. You didn't near. Get the old mutin' here on there. Okay, what that swanshure is swishbuckler. The old pirate. If it's free, I'll eat it. 199 free loaders out there. 36 and a half percent of you say you don't give a crap what that he lives if they paid for it, you need it. Out of 550 sub-on-boats. 200 even now. If it's free, I'll eat it. McDonald's 59. Stopload us, stadium food, 49. The swap shop, food, 41. Pizza Hut 35. Burger King is still stuck there. I'm 30, man. R-me's 28. Then he's 26. My name is 720. The Olive Garden 16. It's Italianish. Popeye's 9. Waffle House 9 already. That's just went on there. Waffle House, they hated it. I'm trying to think of ever. I can remember the waffle house in Fort Laterdale. Somewhere. Yo. But I don't think I ever eat there. Roadhouse Real 6. KFC 5. Applebee's 5 little red caboose 4. Smith and one, Lundski 300. It's just small. The other one is a little sweet. He's got a couple. Oh, oh. Now, of course, this is so long ago with a bird and everything is hard for me to judge. But he used to rave about how great that pizza was. I went in there with him one day. It was the saltyest. See with me. I'm not in the salt. You know, I never used salt to begin with. If food needs salt first of all, then it's not good at all. Anyway. But pizza, that's salty. You don't want to say. And you know, people would put salt on the pizza. Have you ever seen that? Yes. There's some people that put salt on everything. Back to that. That's too probably, you know? Not for this kid. Twenty-two-one, salty mad dog, Jim added to one, hang from Shula's a three. Phrue-cooled hotline at 70. The big. Oh, Eddie. Eddie K. from G.H. It's in a clock where you odds on the games they haven't been invented yet with pairs that haven't been born yet into a Mark overnight. If your carpets look like they were born and died. Like somebody had a bad accident. Like maybe Dr. Laura's mother was visiting your living room. Here's the answer for you. Sure, you make your carpeting look in smell limit expression just like brand new with our friends and dry concepts. No matter how much hell your carpets have been put through, they can take the nastiest look in the carpet and with their dry cleaning method. Exclusive and patented with dry concepts. They'll make them look just like brand new. You'll be amazed. They'll smell limit fresh when they get done. They're on a couple of hours. And you look around and everybody would swear you had brand new carpeting laid right there on your floor. They also had was to punish job of any repository leather furniture. And of course, you're expensive area in carp, er, rugs. And or animal rugs to your flying carpets. If you have problems with pet orders and milled the loaders caused by water damage, they'll make those go away in a heartbeat too. I've been using in my house for well over 21 years. And you ought to be doing the same called dry concepts they'll never let you down. They'll rip off see that they give you a written guaranteed price right up front before they start doing their sensational job. Call them tool free 1-800-248-5071. 1-800-248-5071. Or log onto their website at dryconcifs.com. It's true when you call dry concepts, you really can clean today and entertain tonight. 9-800-248-5071. This is 4-800-5671. Wait, you two wait. Broge, you got it? Good, you're gentle, watch you to show your shipwalk in our rally for packs of America. Will this get only in one in your town, so show call your local crew, just want to go here and shine up now. All 50 of you will be supplied with our handheld Patreon signs of a, and will be invited to win the game. We invited you to enjoy our catchestile cricket barbecue while flipping off Liverpool and the sanders. The festivities will be kept off with a community brope burning bomb fire. All you have to remember is March-Fourth and Rockstab and don't blink your eyes. Hey, you blink your eyes. Be a patriot, not a little book leader. The talented field Henry was once one of them, so we took him downstairs to the quiet room. We were aware that you were a nice guy in this grandery. I was a nice guy myself once. Yeah. Oh, I have my share of Liverpool views in the past. And I found out Mr. Hendry that the world is a school of business. Are you sure there is no need for free thought or creativity? Yeah, let me say something for some of you. There is only a need for clear channel, general electric, Halibarton, Beck-Tell, Amaco, Chevron, and Shell. Okay. For no odd Mr. Hendry. Yeah. You will make all your converted, caracos, liberal decenters. Okay, because Mr. Hendry, you are a video dummy. All right. All right. Are you sure? Before 46, somebody says, I love the Phil Henry bit that Purities Howard Beals is a meeting with Mr. Jensen. There was. It's right on target to be played about 30 times. It fills the fences. He's gone back to the character. Stick in my opinion. He's lost all credibility. He says the fact that he's lost all credibility. Very sad, sell-out. And then they had the foot-cut-a-go. And naturally they put this in a paper. I noticed that Glenn Garbim put this in a people sectioner. Whoever put that stuff in a year or a few days ago. When he was lamenting the fact that there's network show that he's supposed to be on or is on or whatever, he might jeopardize that because he came out against you know in favor of the war. Then that's like saying, I had the ball stick to come out and say, I believe in God in America. And I might lose my gig, right, or that you're gay. Fred Lovs, you're how can we forget his right. Fred Lovs you're under a mini-rag your table. Zoom up that list real fast. Okay, I changed my vote. And if I've got a food made up, he all had good. At least the portion they're signing. And it's festive. I mean, just unbelievable. It's like, you know, that'll be $100 for what? Like for those three of turns on a plate. Yeah, that's it. You've got it. The red loaves your man. I just, I don't want to go into it. Not one of our favorites. I'm in show. No. That's just a way of going. So can a poll question is, where would you never eat if they gave you the food for free even? And we got 203, almost 36%. If it's free, I'll eat it. They don't care. So I think that maybe a lot of these places would do a lot better. Like red loaves. If they just said, free dinner tonight. Huh? And we'll be more happy to promote it. It's kind of like the free spaghetti dinner in Papadau Park. Did a land off his business, man? Do you know the last one that we did? We had 250 old. The answers. I mean, wonderful people lined up for that in the fourth floor. 250. And even my friend Dick Feinberg was shocked. He was a guest to see that many people, especially. You know, it was like toward the end of the spring meet here. One things are kind of slowing down just though we bit in South Florida. But all the snowboards are going back up north to the fireplace where they can be safe. Right to a monopor example. Or we can be safe. We only got SARS and West Nile virus other net and the leaps. And those flyer fans. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. This was a bizarre show today. We know something was fine. It worked great. Yeah. It did. It was good. I like a little hot. We're still here. I like a little wackiness there. A little goofiness. Not a lot. Just a little bit. Jim and plantation never called in the who wrote allegedly this letter that we think was penned by PD Lenny with a cooperation to Jeff D. Fo and Pauli Man. And yesterday's hero talk radio needs a boost. You need a boost. KPD Lenny ran out of the building and thank God you got yourself one. And don't come back and visit anymore. Not one I'm there. You idiot. See we could take an inter-station pull about which sales hold is the most unacceptable. Past where he didn't let anyone still be there. He'd have been running. But I think between Fat Boy and Todd's wreck there is the battle. There's the heart of the battle right there. No. You don't take? Fat Boy does come across with copy every now and again. Yeah. Todd your right. Todd records. You just took the pull and Todd records one. Give him the good news. WDQAM. WDQAM. QAM hello. Yes sir. Yes sir. I'm calling reference to American Airlines CEO. Yeah. If you have a bonehead of the year or idiot of the year award, yeah. They got it for the year. That's right you're right. They got it. And there is initially some type of investigation to go through their book. Well they're only getting a few million man just while everybody else is supposed to be given on 90% of their salary back to when they get millions. Then that's kind of ludicrous. I can't believe all these people job as a Jeffrey in all the employees as willing to take a take. And then they just come along and say okay, now let's get them on. Amen. Screw America man. So that's all I got. Thank you. Thank you. Get a vote in the panel. And there are candidates back in court today. You know, a little more protection in the bankruptcy protection. All the airlines, man, are in a crapper. That's right. They're in a crapper. And of course first it was the terrorism thing we had 911 and now of course everybody's afraid to fly because of the star is thing. And if you haven't seen anybody on a plane we'll like cost what I'm getting out of here. Where's the parachute? You know. That was telling George before the show today. I'm not really all that paranoid about it here. I'm walking the downtown. I hear anybody cough or sneeze. I just, I just, I just start moving a little faster. I start moving into a canter and then like a wild fashion. I'm mad run. I drop my bags. Whatever I got on the street. That's it. See, not nervous about it though. I think it would be a real good idea. If people would stop going to funerals it seemed we got like 3 different episodes here right? Where it infected people have got a funerals and jeopardize the other people there. Well what's the big deal going to a funeral? Why can't you stay away? And we're talking about healthcare workers who should know better you asshole. Jesus. Now we'll say this. Everything seems to be. And it's not in the general community yet. What it is, you'll see me at the door. I'll be there. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I mean, you know, I'm a crusader and all that. But when it starts getting, when it starts getting a little bit too heavy to do it. When you see a lot of people with red faces and sneezing and gagging and etc. At that point I'll be at the airport and hope that somebody is still flying. And if not I'll just run a card wrapped above law. 1252 at 560 QM. Hey listen and see here's another. This copy is unacceptable. It's unacceptable. It's unacceptable. It's not a thing. It's a thing. It's a thing. It's a thing. It's a thing. It's a thing. It's a thing. It's a thing. Anyway, if you're in a real dead end job you ought to be talking to our good friends at fast drink. Maybe a radio sales hole would be okay like Todd who's stealing money every day or how about a new hot-pain computer job which is what fast drink it up you get. They can train you in just four short months and you can be getting a big fat one, every couple of weeks and a paycheck too. Call 1-866 fast-trained and get all the details. Call them today they offer you convenient day evening weekend classes. Check out fast-trained on the web at fast-trained.com and get yourself out of that dead end job working for peanuts and start making a real serious income and have some real skills too. Call fast-trained today they're all about townsuitas bound to be a location nearby you. Call them there in Miami Kindle Pemper Pines and Fort Loderdale and they'll be more heavy to tell you exactly where they are and where to go. And be sure and register at fast-trained.com to receive your free American flag bumper sticker. What do you do? Pick up that phone and call fast-trained today and when you call be sure and tell them Todd Dreck. To be the call they will laugh their answer. Todd Dreck with a capital D. Call fast-trained 1-866 fast-trained. And my life and law this is Fort Real 560. The Bush. Hi, Bartol Brow! The fatal Eastern World will be exploded to Domettyville Guil with the gas that we sold in First time a christination and they only won that's going. Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing. Forget about the re-end. The notes they're told to never move right. Please be careful not to overdo it to our head. Add a rag as soft. And this is a past destruction. 3,000 people knew. Our now forgotten let's exploit them instead. Eight there's oil to be caught in. Going after sit down to play Kato Sama. There's no longer mention of the name in law. But no it seems concerned of the incomplacence. Believe in every word of this cartel in administration. Back and throw this by fear through me. The unremindication and the right wing is really little. And over and over to our head. And I beg that's a weapon of justice to run. Don't get angry much. The last of civil rights is the price that we're paying. We're all suspects now not the ass from this day. I have nothing to hide. Table partners always say it. I don't be a kid. I don't know them. Any reservations. Follow them for folks. Battle and swirl the annihilation. Old regime's must-ploth. And have a virgin and smoke. With no objection at all. Till the credstone of the fall. And the right wing is really little. To a parade was meant. I racked myself. Get me so fast. It's the right shot. Only I racked myself. We're in the past. It's the right shot. My cash tag not a bad shot. They're definitely just one of the human-span station. Did not call. What a bad break for us. I guess he's over there. I'm sure they're there. But they're looking for a good one. We're going to need some real tips. You know, depending on how things go, how to reprogram the station. Get back on the right track. Get back on track. That's what we need to do at QAM, right? I'm so real. Correct. Right. Where would you never eat even if they gave you the food for free? We asked today on theorangers.com. If it's free, I'll eat it. 209. If it's free, they'll eat it. 35%. Put it on a plate. I'll eat it. McDonald's 61. I'm getting pounded. I'm getting pounded. I'm getting pounded. I'm getting pounded. I'm getting pounded. I'm getting pounded.